Ahead of the Bell: US Housing Starts




WASHINGTON (AP) -- U.S. homebuilders likely started construction in February at the second-fastest pace in 4 ½ years, further evidence of a sustainable housing recovery.
                  
Economists forecast that builders broke ground at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 916,000 houses and apartments last month from January, according to a survey by FactSet. The Commerce Department will issue the report at 8:30 a.m. EDT Tuesday.
                  
Housing starts jumped 15.7 percent to an annual rate of 973,000 in December, the most since June 2008. They then fell 8.5 percent to 890,000 in January. Housing starts are volatile, particularly in the winter months.
                  
Even with the decline, housing starts in January were nearly 24 percent above year-ago levels.
                  
The weakness in January was mostly in apartments, which fluctuate sharply from month to month. They fell 26 percent to 260,000.
                  
Single-family construction ticked up to an annual pace of 613,000 from 608,000.
                  
Building permits, an indication of future construction, have also remained at healthy levels. They rose to 909,000 in December, the most since July 2006, and ticked down only slightly in January.
                  
The U.S. housing market is steadily recovering after stagnating for roughly five years. Steady job gains and near-record-low mortgage rates have encouraged more people to buy.
                  
In addition, more people are seeking their own homes after doubling up with friends and relatives in the recession. That's leading to greater demand for apartments and single-family homes to rent.
                  
Still, the supply of available homes remains low. As a result, rising demand is pushing up prices. Home prices rose nearly 10 percent in January compared with 12 months earlier, according to CoreLogic. That was the biggest increase in nearly seven years.
                  
The number of previously occupied homes for sale has fallen to its lowest level in 13 years. And the pace of foreclosures, while still rising in some states, has slowed sharply on a national basis. That means fewer low-priced foreclosed homes are being dumped on the market.
                  
Those trends, and the likelihood of further price gains, have led builders to step up construction. Last year, builders broke ground on the most homes in four years.
                  
Homebuilders have become much more confident over the past year. But in March, a measure of home builder confidence fell for the second straight month over concerns that demand for new homes is exceeding supplies of land, building materials and workers. In the short term, that could slow sales.
                  
But the survey noted that the outlook for sales over the next six months rose to its highest level in more than six years.
                  
Though new homes represent only a fraction of the housing market, they have an outsize impact on the economy. Each home built creates an average of three jobs for a year and generates about $90,000 in tax revenue, according to statistics from the home builders.
               