White House: No evidence of rebel chem weapons use

WASHINGTON (AP) — The White House says it has no evidence to back up Bashar Assad's claim that Syrian rebels have used chemical weapons.
White House spokesman Jay Carney says the U.S. is looking carefully at allegations that both sides are using chemical weapons. But he says he's skeptical of any claims made by the Syrian regime.
Carney says it's a serious concern for the U.S. that the Assad regime could use such weapons. He says President Barack Obama believes that would be unacceptable and that there would be consequences.
THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE. Check back soon for further information. AP's earlier story is below.
The Obama administration is rejecting the claim by Syrian President Bashar Assad's regime that the U.S.-backed Syrian rebels used chemical weapons Tuesday, an official said.
The U.S. official said the United States has no evidence that either the regime or rebels fired chemical weapons in the attack in northern Syria.  The origin of the attack is still unclear, the official added, but noted that the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, too, is reporting no independent information of chemical weapons use.
The official wasn't authorized to speak publicly on the matter and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Syria's state-run news agency said 25 people were killed in the attack on the Khan al-Assad village in northern Aleppo province. It said 86 people were wounded, some in critical condition, and published pictures of children and others on stretchers in what appeared to be a hospital ward.
Russia, which has steadfastly supported Assad in Syria's two-year civil war, backed Assad's assertion Tuesday.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said the rebel use of chemical weapons represented an "extremely dangerous" development in a conflict that has already killed 70,000 people. It said the rebels detonated a munition containing an unidentified chemical agent, but didn't give further details.
Syria has one of the world's largest arsenals of chemical weapons and Washington has been on high alert since last year for any possible use or transfer of chemical weapons by Assad's forces. It feared that an increasingly desperate regime might turn to the stockpiles in a bid to defeat the rebellion or transfer dangerous agents to militant groups such as Lebanon's Hezbollah, which the Syrian government has long supported.
At the time, officials noted movement of some of the Syrian stockpiles but said none appeared to be deployed for imminent use. Still, President Barack Obama declared the use, deployment or transfer of the weapons to be his "red line" for possible military intervention in the Arab country.
U.S. officials say they've been closely monitoring Syria's unconventional weapons stockpiles and coordinating with allies in the region and beyond on possible contingency plans in the event the weapons are no longer secure. They've provided no indication that Syrian rebels seized some of the stockpiles or acquired such weaponry in recent months.