He was kind of a quiet, low profile guy.  His record speaks for itself.  He was one fine QB.  Boomer Sooner!

As a long-time Sooner fan, I got to know a lot about Steve Davis. A nicer, finer Christian gentleman you will never meet. So, if you don't have anything positive to say, why not move on to another story? RIP, Steve

My condolences to the families and friends of all involved in the crash.

I remember Steve a lot. One day I heard him speak at a Church. He was a Christian. Let's pray for his family.

RIP Steve.

My condolences to the families and friends of all involved in the crash.

Wow! Really sad. Great College quarterback gone too soon. Thoughts &amp; prayers for his family as well as the other victims

Who is Spoo?

R.I.P.

A sad loss for Oklahoma just a great person on and off the fieldWes was my cousin. He was a very good man. Very generous. Active in the church. He put others before himself and always put family first. Sad day. Our family has now had 4 deaths in the last 5 months. This is rough on everyone. I am glad that no one was hurt on the ground. It would have mattered to Wes that no one was hurt on the ground. And if you are a reporter please respect the families privacy and stop calling.

Before another one of you idiots posts more ignorance on how dangerous flying small planes are consider the following data from the NTSB for US Transportations fatalities for 2011.  This is only a small sample of the data.Highway total of 32,367 with pedestrians accounting for 4,432 of that number, motorcycles were 4612 and bicycles accounting for 677.Rail total of 759 total fatalities.Marine accounted for 800 with 758 being from recreational boating.Aviation in total was only 494 with 444 of that being general aviation (small aircraft flown for business or private use).Oh, and if we look outside of the transportation activities we find that unintentional falls account for 26,000 deaths and poisoning accounts for 33,041 (best stop eating).Clearly flying is at the bottom of the list when it comes to deadly activity.

I find it odd that they look into each and every plane crash to determine what could have been done to prevent the catastrophe but yet they don't do that for automobile accidents. If the same amount of time and effort were to be put into consumer automobiles deadly accidents would cease to exist for the most part. I know its a bit off topic, but i digress.

of course, "the ex oklahoma qb" in the title makes the difference.

Wow, they hit a few houses and there were survivors. Thats amazing. Condolences to the family.

Time to ban airplanes, eh Obumfk?

Dang that gravity,  time to ban it.

@christopher because if he was an average Joe nobody would care.

RIP to all that perished

SMALL GOVERNMENT - Eliminate the NTSBAmerican Families can investigate airline crashes on their own!Support the GOPStop the NTSB from Regulating Airlines!  More Government Interference in Business!This was not a successful touchdown

Why is his status as an athlete important at all?

RIP but still just because he was an athlete, it didn't make him any better than others.

sure been a bunch of small plane crashes lately.  Perhaps a look at plane control ?????Evacuations and homes destroyed due to pilot error perhaps?  PLANE CONTROL !!!!!

QB killed = news.  Ex-QB killed = not news.

planes should be out lawed..............sittin in my living room and get landed on...............the hell with that!!!

Perhaps private pilots should practice more and private planes should undergo stricter inspections.  Unfortunate that people lost their homes and got hurt because of someone else's carelessness.

Texting?

So more to come, 2 survivors on the plane should be able to tell what the hey was going on, why buzz the airport and go around for another pass and then put it into houses?  NOT a typical pilot move, so I'm thinking the owner was flying and had a heart attack.  Poor Steve, what to do then?

ban airplanesI can't stand post like this where they say a football player or some celeb. They make it seem like their lives were more important than the other people on the plane. My condolensces go out ot them but they need to stop acting like atheletes or celebs are more human than us normal people.

People have no heart for the devastated and deceased by the way they comment.  What if on of your love ones were involve? Yahweh forbid. Many of us are going straight to hell and I am sorry to say but the truth be told in Yeshua's name, amen.  Turn to Yahweh for a change of heart both spiritually and physically, in Yeshua's Holy name before it's to late for your souls, amen.  So much hate my goodness.

Gun freaks - this is not about you!

Two more conservative trash taken out! Nice! A GREAT DAY For America! Note the Jesus-grovelling nonsense. These people make the world a terrible place, I for one -- am GLAD they're gone. Rot in Hades, conservative filth.

Never been an OU fan, but this transcends football or athletics. Sincere condolences to family and friends of all affected.

" attempted a landing at the South Bend airport about 4:15 p.m., then went back up and maneuvered south to try another landing"Odd. Airport has an ILS so low clouds should not be a factor.  But, you never know.  My guess is low clouds at time of accident and pilot flew too low in IMC and crashed.

Look's like God is punishing the GOP!

And I was told that dentists and airplanes did not mix, seems that lack of pilot skill will need to be looked at, and that's why there are NTSB and FAA investigations of virtually all mishaps involving aircraft, not just injuries and/or deaths.

Thanks for pointing out his religion for all of us "Im ok", not that that matters, but thanks........douche!

Again,because he was a former athlete he gets mention above all others.Everyone knows Oklahoma natives are tards

THAT PHOTO IS A COLLECTABLE....Because that was an era when Whites played.

This is why I don't believe in lawnmowers flying because if one motor goes it will fall from the sky in a second that is what I call these small planes and when you think about it that what they sound like.

You idiots think you can fly!!!  I would never board one of those death traps

I don't know this athletes are...BUT WHAT ABOUT THE PEOPLE IN THE HOUSE!  Are they okay or was it a vacant home.  I must have missed a one word mention of this in the ridiculous wikipedia account of the two ancient athletes killed in the plane.

Reminds me of a reoccuring dream I have from time to time where airplanes are dropping from the sky like stones. My folks live real close to Jackson barracks, lot of low flying copters pass over, creeps me out.

lozersrunning up and down some grassget a real job fhagits