Magpul can come to Ohio. I need a job.

I guess this bunch will be job less in next election ?

I'm at loss for words, I thought people were smarter then this.  These laws will not change anything for the better.

Just lost all the hunters from out of stste

Bye Bye Colorado Magpul, welcome to the great state of Texas.

Instantly creating a new class of criminal. Someone who receives his or her father's firearm. While solving nothing that would have stopped Holmes.

What Colorado politicians are doing clearly "infringes" upon the "the right of the people to keep and bear arms", under the 2nd Amendment of the U.S. Constitution.

Time for a recall election!Recall Hickenblooper!!

Why do all these guys like John Hickenlooper look like rats.

Always picking on innocent citizens. Criminals seem to have the best lobbyists.

How is he going to enforce it?Hundreds of Coloradans just lost their jobs... liberals everywhere rejoice.

Dumb nut thinks this will solve anything.  Hope it put him out of office.  Leave our second amendment alone.  All you law passers do what you want to those that use guns in crimes.

Hickenlooper better get used to ordering the firearms for his state troopers from China because no American company is going to do business with his repressive government.

Why are voters letting things like gun control, Obama Care, no budget, and rewarding illegals get by????????????

GOVERMENT IS NOT YOUR FRIEND!!! and guess who wants you to think so? Obama and the minons that follow him.....

Hickernut and odumbo wins again. Impeach them both

Sheriffs have also said they will not enforce these laws.

Bigger, more incompetent government, less freedom and less security all around. Don't enforce illegal immigration or crack down on gangs, just infringe on the rights of legal citizens, way to go colorado and obama.

True Patriots in Colorado will not comply, they know that NO ONE has the right to infringe on the Second Amendment!!

I wonder how many millions will be lost by Colorado because of all the hunters who will hunt in other states this year.I was stationed in Colorado back in the early 80s and I liked it. I went in with 2 friends and rented a 3 bedroom house in Widefield. A nice little suburb of Colorado Springs. They passed the Make My Day Law and it was legal to protect yourself on your property. A friend of mine shot an intruder that was coming through the kitchen window. No problem. What has happened to Colorado.

"Colorado governor to sign gun controls into law" The first step in complete tyranny courtesy of Hitler, Stalin, and Tse-tung and revolutionized by Obama, Democrats, liberals, and ruling class Republicans a.k.a RINOs.I wouldn't mind dragging every last one of these punk clowns and their ilk, including defective judicial judges, out into the middle of the street and publicly flogging some common sense into them.

I use to live in Colorado for 18 years... I know John Hinkenlooper...he's a good man, but this is a big mistake...this does NOT reflect the majority of Coloradoan’s views, only a small loud minority in urban Denver… Do the right thing John, don’t sign it !

This governor is stupid.. it wont make it harder for criminals to get guns, it wont save 1 life, and it will create more bloodshed.

Boycott everything Colorado.... I hope Magpul  leaves that state  and takes jobs with it

do you hear that sound?  yup, its thousands of gangs &amp; criminals moving from california to the greener pastures of  rocky mountain HIGH Colorado!

If you research history, many armies used single shot rifles or weapons with magazines holding less than 15 rounds.They still killed lots of peopleaftermarket large capacity magazines are actually more prone to jamthat might result in less deaths in tragic criminal attacksthink about the real facts

Bye bye Magpul.  Colorado just made a big mistake.

Please boycott Colorado. Vail and Aspen aren't worth it, there is better snow in Utah and Wyoming. The elk have wasting disease, and the deer eat too much sagebrush. The fishing sucks because DOW isn't funded properly. Not to mention the dope smokers who will hit and run then call to report their car was stolen in front of the dope shop.Thank you for your support,A Colorado Citizen

bsAnother politician that signed his own pink slip.  And the sheriffs of Colorado have said they will NOT enforce any of these gun grabbing laws so I guess the old gov will get a pink slip and the laws he signed will be worth as much as toilet paper and will be repealed in 2014.The democrats have gone for broke and have WAY overestimated their hand. They are going to lose bigger than in 2004.  They just do not learn.

Murders commited by law abiding citizens with firearms in 2011 = 0Murders commited by criminals with firearms in 2011 = 8,583- Colorado's new gun laws only effects law abiding citizens who have never committed a crime.  That being the case, how does that lower crime?

The percentage of all gun related deaths is 0.34% (1/3 of 1%)Alcohol related homicides is 64%FYI....

This Governor needs to be RECALLED !  Is he really going to feel good about signing these "knee jerking, feel good laws" into law ?  Any person with common sense knows these laws are unenforceable, and will do nothing to stop another liberal on Psych Drugs from committing another cowardly mass murder. If they really want to make people safer, ELIMINATE all gun free zones, better known as "Killing Zones".  Then they could really feel good about themselves knowing they did something to actually save lives !

'Magazine limits will reduce gun violence'. What a bunch of STUPID people!

I see it now... Big stores on the boarder with Wyoming One side selling Pot the other side selling Magazines... (comic was on Magpuls facebook page)Either way just another reason to never visit that #$%$ state.

Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. "It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets."Well golly gee that makes you feel all warm and fuzzy knowing a killer just hasto reload his gun to kill people who are not armend and cops are just "minutes"away and killers never chose to go to places that are not "gun free zone".Nope they always go to place where people are armend and want peopleto kill them and not be on the front page news, that is not going to fly with wantingtheir 15 min of fame.

Need to set new standards for voting.1. Proof of Citizenship.  If you where not born a citizen you must serve in the military before being allowed to vote.2. You must not have received any government aid for the past 5 years.(not counting entitlements for social security, Veterans Benefits, Retirements etc.)Specifically welfare, Food Stamps, HUD, Disibility or other handouts for low income/disability3.  A simple Mouth swab drug test and breathalyzer (takes 30 seconds) they give them out for jobs frequently. To make sure you are not voting under the influence of something that could alter your common #$%$ sense.4. Felons should only lose their "Rights" if the jury decides it in a second unanimous decision.  The government taking away your right to vote doesn't make sense.  A jury of your peers saying your are incompetent does this allows a case by case basis.5. Any entity (person or corporation) receiving or hoping to receive government contracts may not vote/donate money for 5 years prior to or after attempting to receive a contract.The only way you could possibly argue this is:You are trying to get government money free.  On drugs. Not a citizen.  Or you know your candidate would not be voted in by competent voters.

Colorado, its simple, don't vote liberals in or let California types in your state next time.

The Peoples Republic of Colorado wants to restrict guns but won't even vote on Jessica's law which slams pedophiles with 25 to life for child rape!The Mexican drug lords are going to love moving into the Colorado state. Can they make it any easier for them?

REMEMBER THIS COME ELECTION DAY!!!!  It wasn't the repubs that did it!

wow colorado has more stupid people than smart people.  lets put a meaningless ban into place and lose millions of dollars in tax money. #$%$ yeah that makes sense.  Anyone who lives in that state should be ashamed that you voted these morons into office.

I will never sit foot in Colo. again.

There is a true fear of lawfully armed citizens among the criminals and politicians, but I repeat myself. (With thanks to Mark Twain.)

Well Mr. Hickenlooper I hope you have your resume ready, cause come the next election you are going to be out of here. As more people find out just how stupid the mag ban bill is the more they will hate it. If you just hand a mag that is banned but you legaly owned before the law goes into effect to anyone, you and the person you hand it to will be violating the law. Also it is not just mags that hold over 15 rounds, it is all mags that can be converted to hold more than 15 rounds which means ANY MAG WITH A REMOVABLE FLOORPLATE, also called a base. this is over 90% of the mags made today.

I was planning to go to Colorado to do some hunting. Not anymore.F'em.I'll go to Montana where they respect the constitution.

Sign the bill, and you can say HELLO TO CHICAGO STYLE GUN-CONTROL, and an introduction to new VIOLENCE AND CRIME LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE.  "Congratulations ..IDIOT!"

hope those sheriffs file a stop injunction

Get out of there Magpul!..."because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets."That's the most infantile reasoning I've ever heard in my life.

I wonder if it's possible to get Colorado erased from my car's GPS?

Colorado ALREADY passed  the best law they could have passed to reduce murder rates....They made Pot legal !! When was the last time you saw a " pot crazed" shooter? NEVER !! Now your criminals can just stay at home and get stoned, only coming out to cash the welfare checks or buy more pot, or go to the hospital to birth another welfare baby for more income.

You can legislate gun control but you can't legislate stupidity.  I hope Magpal sticks to it's "guns" and leaves the state asap.

Why is it always the democratic party that attacks the second amendment. What is their agenda?

I want to kill a lot of people in Colorado, let's say, but there is a ban on high cap. mags. which will hinder my efforts and make my spree less effective. **---**  if I obey the law and carry out a "legal killing spree".

America one step closer to tyranny, Leaders that will end our Constitutional Rights, just what Obama wants!

You can still make your high cap mags for sale elsewhere........insane. Shooters, hunters, skiers - STFO of Colorado. Vacation ANYWHERE else.

He is a traitor to the American constituion.

They have become our enemy and we the citizens, theirs.the kooky leftist demokkkrats need to be rounded up and shipped to  Kalifornistan  .

Hinkenlooper ? got to be a politician. the hickenlooper loophole

I don't care what libtards sign what documents. I will always protect my home and my family.

Prohibiting the passing down of family gun collections is outrageous....as I read it even a valuable and historical firearm could not be donated to the National Firarms Museum by a resident of Colorado....I think the liberals have all committed political suicide....

Another politician with no brains

Restore, preserve, protect and defend the Bill of Rights.

Looks like a commy, acts like a commy, must be a democrap.

Sure - pass your knee-jerk totalitarian laws and Colorado Sheriffs will totally disregard these fascist intrusions because they contravene the tenets of the 2nd Amendment.

Unreal! A criminal by definition is one that breaks the law so what non law abiding criminal is going to give those laws any more respect than the law that makes murder illegal?...We need to start random drug testing of all elected officials and make the results public...In other words the Colorado Legislature should step away from the crack pipe!Magpul should really move since their tax dollars are being used against them..

Meanwhile illegals can do anything they want without fear of being deported even though they are breaking the laws.  Of course guns don't vote, but illegals have a bigger voting bloc....How is criminalizing citizens going to stop criminals?

I just canceled the trip I had booked for this fall.

this idiot can't see how much it will cost our state from hunters not coming here to hunt. busineses will leave this state and none will come here.  but they have to pass laws that will not stop the criminals from doing what ever they please.  they will see how much we like thie anti second amendment laws in 2014

Coward!

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks.I'm sure if they asked her who those people are the answer would be law abiding citizens that are already willing to obey laws. Criminals don't bother doing background checks at the point of sale which is usually out of their cars trunk behind a Stuckey's.

Col. will be able to save a little money by not printing out of state hunting and fishing tags. Hotels won't have to clean up after the sportsman that use these amenities. Not too mention having to review all the tax forms from the businesses that will soon leave your state.Or the worrisome problem of wondering where to spend all the revenue sportsman spend instate.

Congratulations govenor hopefuly you will enjoy your expoding deer and elk population and loss of revenue from the lack of out of state tags sold. Their are states that still protect gun owners rights and we will gladly spend our money there. Hopefully a 1500 lb. bull anders into the path of your limo while your doing 70 mph.

They are calling it a "victory" now. I wonder what they are going to call the rout in 2014. I kind of like, "The Great Colorado Purge". Maybe, "The Culling of the Colorado Communists". (I kind of like the alliteration.)

People only obey laws that make sense...that being said..when law enforcement will not recognize a law as enforceable...guess what happens?

He is a traitor to the American constituion.This is exactly what happens when the wrong people have too much power.

Come on gun maufacturers start suing this corrupt #$%$ government.

COMMIErado.

FROM MAGPUL INDUSTRIES FACEBOOK PAGE: Apparently Gov Hickenlooper has announced that he will sign HB 1224 on Wednesday. We were asked for our reaction, and here is what we said:We have said all along that based on the legal problems and uncertainties in the bill, as well as general principle, we will have no choice but to leave if the Governor signs this into law. We will start our transition out of the state almost immediately, and we will prioritize moving magazine manufacturing operations first.We expect the first PMAGs to be made outside CO within 30 days of the signing, with the rest to follow in phases. We will likely become a multi-state operation as a result of this move, and not all locations have been selected. We have made some initial contacts and evaluated a list of new potential locations for additional manufacturing and the new company headquarters, and we will begin talks with various state representatives in earnest if the Governor indeed signs this legislation. Although we are agile for a company of our size, it is still a significant footprint, and we will perform this move in a manner that is best for the company and our employees.It is disappointing to us that money and a social agenda from outside the state have apparently penetrated the American West to control our legislature and Governor, but we feel confident that Colorado residents can still take the state back through recalls, ballot initiatives, and the 2014 election to undo these wrongs against responsible Citizens.FROM US:Colorado HB 1224 :

Yes, let's make shooters have to stop and reload more often, rather than have to duck the return fire. Good going Chickenflooper and our homosexual-criminal-socialist state government. I hope you all enjoyed playing politics, because you're finished.

So is Colorado now going to start putting the names of firearm owners in newspapers as well?

What part of the U.S Constitution do you not understand Gov??

MORON, with head in sand. Now, like you are really safe. You can't see reality.

I hope citizens are making a list of all the illegal things that our government official 's are doing so they can be arrested and tried for crimes against freedom.

The answer (?)... Vote them out of office!Look at his face.

Remeber this day if you live in Colorado come the next election.

Bye bye freedom in Commierado.  Hope they enjoy the legal pot.

C-mon Colorado recall your idiot governor.

Colorado needs to storm the castle so to speak with massive protest before this is signed, put the fear of god into these people

amazing how truly stupid a man who is govenor can be....

When is he up for re-election? Hope the people let him know then what a mistake he is making.

What a slap in the face for Magpul, for the state to pass a law declaring them to be responsible for  murders commited by  mentally ill criminals.When are they going to have the guts to run Coors out of the state and pass a law holding them responsible for every crime commited by an intoxicated person?I guess that's not possible since Coors runs the state, and even though Coors actually is directly and primarily responsible for thousands of deaths every year, Democrats really need their alcohol tax money, and like tobacco they have decided that the tradeoff in lives lost because of their golden tax geeses is well worth it to them.

Criminals and the mentally ill steal guns, buy guns HOT, just like a drug abuser.  Votes are more important than common sense.

Hickenlooper, who would ever vote for one of them, sounds like an illness.All he is doing is political pandering and it will cost him his job. Restrictions on high capacity magazines and assault style weapons will have little or no effect on gun violence because by far and away most criminals use hand guns.Check the stats.HOLLYWOOD needs to be outlawed !! NOT GUNS !! If media spent half the time demonizing the shooters and the shooters family, instead of demonizing the tool. We would be really addressing the REAL problem!! HOLLYWOOD fills our children's heads with pictures glorifying the "gangsta" lifestyle. Disrespecting the law, treating women like cattle, selling drugs, brandishing guns, is cool and hip is the message Hollywood sends every day 24/7. Instead of love, marriage, education, savings, family, Hollywood makes a dollar turning our kids into little criminals. And we are worried about GUNS? It is the moral decay of our family units that are the real problem!! Hollywood does not have even ONE Show that sets an example for our family units.

The Columbine shooters used 10 round magazines.  You can reload a mag in about 1/2 a second.  Look up Magazine Ban on youtube

Just think one fool in jail in CA has made a whole state of CO. change its laws. He is the winner.

What they have done is to require a serial number on the magazines which no gun manufacture is going to do just for that state, New York came up with an obscure number of rounds in the magazine and again no manufacturer is going to set up  a tooling process just for New York and the next state that falls prey to the tactic will come up with something totally different.  So instead of going after guns which won't fly they are going after the magazines so no one will manufacture a different magazine for that state.  50  different requirements for 50 different states.  So without banning guns they have gone after the magazines.

How is criminalizing citizens going to stop criminals?

How is criminalizing citizens going to stop criminals?

I want to kill a lot of people in Colorado, let's say, but there is a ban on high cap. mags. which will hinder my efforts and make my spree less effective. **---**  if I obey the law and carry out a "legal killing spree".

He is signing his own ouster call, no way he will ever be re-elected here and the next Republican governor will rewrite the law any way, what a waste of time and money

When Government says to Regulate, permit, or Registration, it is saying you follow what we say or we will take it away from you. Government says pay your property tax! What happens if you don’t pay, they take your land from you, Government says tag your cars and get insurance! What happens if you don’t pay, they take your car from you, what happens if Government wants you to pay for a back ground check, or register your gun...That’s right Sherlock, Government will take your guns!!!!!! Anyone who has followed the pattern of other governments taking the guns away from the people, it all starts the same way....WE ARE BEING SET UP FOR GUN CONFISCATION, and that’s why you don’t give an inch on any measure!!!

Nazi prick.Nazi prick.

I just read-some commentor said it was the Homosexual agenda....The more I ponder the statement it accured to me, we are getting screwed from behind, arnt we!!!!!Colorado, America wake up

He is a traitor to the American constituion.

hickenpooper, enjoy your last term! traitor!

Where is legislation banning computers because these were the initial tools in perpetrating most of these mass killings ?

What do you call a law with no teeth, Colorado's gun control law!

For over 200 years people have been coming to America with laws in place. For some reason people are wanting to change the laws that made America the greatest in the world. Who are these people?

I sure hope there is going to be massive Recalls of all who voted in favor of these unconstitutional laws. Recalling them is just the beginning. They have No authority to make any laws restricting any of the Bill of Rights. This document trumps any laws made to try to reduce these God given freedoms. They must be removed from office and these laws must be turned down and disobeyed by the free people of the USA.

"Other Democratic gun control proposals still pending in the state Legislature include a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes"People ACCUSED of a crime would have their rights stipped from them? REALLY? Leave it to the democrats. They champion the rights of convicted criminals over honest folks, UNLESS it means they can grab someones guns. Go figure.

And would any of these laws have stopped any of these mass killings???Commie RULE #1DISARM the people!

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann. How STUPID is this broad? CRIMINALS don't do background checks. You have passed another law for them to ignore. Congratulations IDIOT!

Its NOT about stopping any kind of violence. If so, tell me why liberal judges, and liberals in general are SO soft on crime? They defend criminals, they refuse to enact Jessica's law, they allow molesters to walk all the time. No, this is just about getting guns.

Magpul, come to PA. We will welcome you with open arms because we have the highest per capita NRA membership in the US and won't let our lawmakers pass stupid Unconstitutional laws.

"Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times,"... does anyone know how quickly you can change a mag?  Answer: in less than 2 seconds.... you push a button, the mag drops, you slap another one in... all happens before anyone can even take a breath

There could be a reduction in hunting in Colorado...less work for game wardens...problems with deer population getting out of hand...less income from hunting liscences (oohh, politicians!)   You politicial idiots !

the anti american governor should be removed from office

America is not the leading country in murder or crimes.......The stats show that taking away guns does not reduce murder !!!!! Has crime and murder reduced in Chicago? NO !!! Why do our politicians pursue KNOWN failure policies !! I can't imagine they are so ignorant, so I can only assume they are trying to disarm America !!

Infringement violations!

It will end up before the US Supreme Court.Let's watch as the crime rate rises.

interesting how democrats will only enforce some laws and not others

no more of my hunting dollars to Colorado that's for sure. Hunters spend millions there every year. let them tax the stupid democrats instead.

This governor will be breaking the oath of office if and when he signs any bills regarding gun control measures and should be held in contempt as such. Criminal action on his part needs to be addressed by the people. This is not something that needs a vote by the people of Colorado,,,because it only takes one person or organization to come forward and charge this governor.  At the very least there needs to be a petition started agaist the governor to recall or remove him.

Guess who won't be governor after the next election...

How do you do a background check on those million illegals in your state? I get it.. It's like car insurance.. Make people pay more for non insured and let the illegals drive with no insurance.

And another good state goes right down the drain! Enjoy what freedom you have left because this is only the beginning.

I want to kill a lot of people in Colorado, let's say, but there is a ban on high cap. mags. which will hinder my efforts and make my spree less effective. **---**  if I obey the law and carry out a "legal killing spree".

OBAMA IS TO BLAME, mR. OBLAMER AND CHIEF.....

Hickenlooper, Thats a Communist, Anti 2nd name that won't be forgotten for generations. Wonder if his kids will ever apply for a job at Magpul.Nazi

I want to ask the fake leader.... HOW do you do a background check on 12 million illegals?

Soon the Commies will find out it can happen here.

I feel sorry for the fools who don't have a gun when the riots start.

Guess who has no chance for re-election. Gun control will get the turn out at the polls.

And I guess he will dismiss all of his armed security tomorrow morning...

Obviously a Barak HuSATAN Obama worshipper.

Come to Oklahoma!  You can go into a gun shop and walk out with an AK-47 semi-automatic rifle in less than 3 minutes. 30 round mags included! We even have a sales tax holiday on firearms. We have the 10 commandments in front of the capitol! Check us out!

Hickenlooper was a member of the Mayors Against Illegal Guns Coalition an organization formed in 2006 and co-chaired by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg and Boston mayor Thomas Menino. Hickenlooper resigned as mayor at 8 am on January 11, 2011, hours before being inaugurated as Colorado's Governor.

Another political idiot buying into the hype! He's just lost his job!!Colorado is getting dark blue. Could be another Public Union Strong hold. 10 years Denver could be the next Detroit.

enjoy your retirement , gov.

I wonder if he would change his mind if his children went through what the boy in Ill. went through to save his sister when thugs were trying to break in and he defended her with an assult rifle Or the couple in Fla. defending themselves. I can give numerous people that relied on their weapon. The gangbangers will be the only ones with weapons. I am so SICK  of politics. Hope your family gets in a situation Gov.

"Another brick in the wall"

Lickenpooper will find this law impossible to enforce .

"Colorado Democrat's proposals were closely watched because the state was seen as a bellwether"..... nice biased reporting... I think most all of us would say it's a set of laws that are not needed and will do nothing to make it safer

No one is in favor of strict gun control more than criminals and politicians. Sounds redundant, guess criminals would have covered both.

while you have your eyes on this they are doing a backdoor move with the U N to ban guns in the U S

When do they start burning books?

Guess I'll never vacation in Colorado now.Only a damn fool wouldn't Veto it... His next election isn't looking so good ;)

Good Bye Governor, getting out of the way now LOL

Guess who won't be governor after the next election...

Maybe all the companies and good people will exit quick. Leave the gays, drug heads and fools there.

1000s get killed by Illegals and DUIs every year in that state, they better ban cars that go over 30 mph when drove drunk.

Well I hope they all feel better they have accomplished absolutely nothing in the way of protecting Colorado citizens.

look at the lib troll

All criminals go to Colorado their citizens only have a few shots then their out. Easy pickings folks.

No sheriff's to enforce it... what a useless law!

A democrat victory??,you mean a victory for our enemys,just surrender libs and strike your flags.sure you have a hammer and sickle flag in the closet so raise it.Traitorous  act against the rights and freedoms of the People.   Tens of millions of people, peacefully and responsibly exercising their right to keep and bear arms, have done nothing to hurt anyone.  Zero.

I'm old enough to remember when Colorado was a red state

I predict that you will see a shift to Republican votes the next time around and these poititians will be gone.

It is also illegal to buy gas, cigs and beer with obama stamps but it happens everyday.

Looks like tryanny is in full swing not much longer till we can bow to our new king and master Obama.

I only hope in my lifetime common sense comes back to America. These idiot politicians are not elected to tell us what is good for us , what we can and can not do. They are elected to uphold our rights as Americans, the Constitution and represent us in matters that will make our Country better. Passing Laws only for show or to further their own agenda is not what the principals of our Democratic Nation were founded on. We as a Nation need to say enough, just do the job you were elected to do, because if you don't, we will fire you, you work for US.

VOTE them all OUT!!!

"Women who fear rape shouldn't carry guns."-Joe Salazar, Democrat in the Colorado House of Representatives.

Colorado secedes from America... joins Liberal Commiestan with New York State.

His last term as Gov. if people in Co. are smart.John Hickenlooper is nothing more than an Obama puppet.

The time it takes to empty 3 ten round mags and 2 fifteen rounds mags is only seconds. What have they accomplished. Nothing!

This is why most people call Democrat leaders hypocrites: “ Democrats tried to ease the concerns from Magpul Industries &lt;leaving&gt;, saying the company can still manufacture higher-capacity magazines if they were sold out of state.”

Stupid should Not hold any kind of office !Criminal are gonna Love this !!!Vote Stupid People OUT !!!

Still trying to wrap my brain around the name "Hickenlooper" ....

I can see that Colorado will become a leper colony.  I can also see a business opportunity here running guns and ammo magazines into Colorado.  Wonder if ATF might modify its business model.

JKF must be rolling in his grave.  No laws were change for killing a democrat president and along came James Homes.

This governor will be breaking the oath of office if and when he signs any bills regarding gun control measures and should be held in contempt as such. Criminal action on his part needs to be addressed by the people. This is not something that needs a vote by the people of Colorado,,,because it only takes one person or organization to come forward and charge this governor.  At the very least there needs to be a petition started agaist the governor to recall or remove him.

This governor will be breaking the oath of office if and when he signs any bills regarding gun control measures and should be held in contempt as such. Criminal action on his part needs to be addressed by the people. This is not something that needs a vote by the people of Colorado,,,because it only takes one person or organization to come forward and charge this governor.  At the very least there needs to be a petition started agaist the governor to recall or remove him.

Maybe the next fool can blow up a school with a PS3 and they will ban then next.2014 will be the day Liberals in Colorado pay for this Lame do nothing knee jerk Liberal Bull S~H~!~T......

How is criminalizing citizens going to stop criminals?

Pot.... No guns to protect. Mexican druglords are ready to move in.

So....would any of these new laws have stopped the theater shooting?

Can you now sue the state if a crime is committed using a high capacity clip.

Test

Once again the lib leaders are treating illegals better than Americans.

Come to Florida Magpul, we would love more manufacturing and more Jobs. We welcome You

Come to Florida Magpul, we would love more manufacturing and more Jobs. We welcome You

TestI don't think they understand what Liberal means. I will bet their jobs it doesn't mean more government telling people what to do.  They would be better at home in Russia.

Fool

sad that Colorado did this! I'm from Texas and not a chance in hell they will take our right to bear arms!

Poor Judgement On This One

This guy like Feinstein thinks he can sign anything into law even if it clearly violates the constitution. The irony is he like feinstein knows it, but will do it to get campaign money from the anti-gun supporters and then the legislation will be overturned as unconstitutional and this political failure of a governer who is doing this for shear political reasons can say "well I tried".I was glad to hear the Weld County Sheriff John Cooke saying he would not make any attempt to enforce this new legislation.

All this will do is hurt law abiding citizens, and make things even easier for the criminals.

i hope gunmakers refuse to sell high capacity magazines to law enforcemant in colorado want to take away gun rights or restrict them live buy your own rules

You are a weak governor, this issue was one to be vetoed as a strong, knowing, reasonable governor' you failed tp protect your constituents in the bigger more eminent very real threat of tyranny.

The sad part is after the law is law some crazy fool will kill about 50 people to prove the law is a joke.

Git Rid of this Hickenlooper guy !Everyone needs to sign up for the NRA!I renewed my membership after letting it lapse for a few years!

Who is going to enforce these new laws. i have heard that the Sheriff is not going to, as a matter of fact they are planning on sueing the colorado gov. over this fiasco.

The mid term elections cant get here soon enough, i hope these traitors get slammed in land slide fashion.

When the Democrats outnumber you, prepare to get skewered.

Democrats are going to lose HUGE in the next Colorado election. All Democrats have done is infringe on the rights of law abiding citizens. This will NOT stop criminals(see Mexico, and every major U.S. city that in effect bans law abiding citizens from owning a firearm)

Making laws based in fear and emotion, rather than logic and common sense.So if someone is dangerously psychotic, but has no prior criminal history or record of any treatment....will a background check do any good?

Time for the revolution to begin in Colorado.

Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. "It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets."Said by someone who has no idea how to handle a firearm.Magazines don't kill people bullets do.Using multiple magazines, drop and slot, takes less than 2 seconds, how is that going to help.

He must not want to do another term !

goodbye mr Governor! Its been fun.See you in the unemployment line!Dems once again are abusing their power based on fractured speculation. Ol' Hick is gonna get his a.$$ handed to him in the next election.

Like other socialists, John Hickenlooper has always been about imposing his will upon others. It all about control of the little people and reaping the maximum tax load to fund his vote buying schemes. John Hickenlooper is a real liberal scab. Let's hope he is ripped out of office soon and held accountable for his actions.

once the demonrats have all the guns and ammo then what?

Vote these useless lawmakers out. Feel good laws that do nothing are a waste of time. This is what we pay these people for? Not one word about the sick people doing this #$%$.

"Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. "It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets."  Are they confiscating those already bought?  If not, how will they tell if they are illegal or not?  Statistics to confirm the benefits will be interesting.  I really don't see how smaller magizines will reduce gun violence, but what the hey, the idiots from CO voted these dimwits in, live with it...

this is what happens when you put a liberal into the govenor spot...  all I can say CO.. you asked for it

I wouldn't worry to much about this new law. CO. only gives child sex offenders probation.

Time to boycott all businesses in Chicagorado.

Speaking of law, thanks to the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, gun control is illegal in America. It violates the Bill of Rights and violates the very foundation of America, which is that the People grant certain specific, limited powers to government, and that all government power comes from the People and can be revoked by the People.Accordingly, any lawmaker engaged in the act of introducing gun control bills or voting for gun control is engaged in a criminal act that violates the highest laws of the land. As such, they should be arrested and prosecuted for acts of sedition -- for attempting to "overthrow the People,"

cHICKENLAPPER &amp; cuomo went up a hill........This is a start of the democratic movment to do away with your rights and you voted them in.

Democrats are a clear and present danger to the Constitution of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

Kick the Hick!  Traitor to America!  Come to Texas Magpul, where you will be appreciated, supported and prosperous.  Your employees will enjoy no income tax on their earnings.  I spit on Colorado and it's Masonic All-Seeing Eye of a Great Seal.  Two balls and a Cane, up yours!

This is evidence by pure fact that stupid people shouldn't breed

You can only protect your liberties in this world by protecting the other man's freedom.-Clarence Darrow

is it time to fight or are we still waiting

You folks in Colorado need to spend some quality time with this pecker head.

The governor may win the battle but he will lose the war. He is about to sign his retirement papers.

New York limited magazines to 7 rounds, why 7?  Because no one makes them.  Colorado requires a serial number on magazines, in both cases no manufactures are going to make specific magazines for each specific state, thus they can claim they aren't going after guns, the clips simply wont exist to be bought.

Governor Fool!Poor little minded liberals, thinking this will keep the guns out of criminals hands.

Thank God I'm not as paranoid as liberals.

With 80% of the people of Colorado not wanting This new Lame Gun Ban...It should be fixed this next 2014...People of Colorado need to regain control of their state... The Liberals have their own agenda... They don't give a Rats A~S~$ what the people want..

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks.Are you joking..oh wait..yor not...you believe your own BS ! Criminals DO NOT go throught backgroud checks...this is a lie through and through just to grab more control over law abiding citizens lives and rights.I hope you have fun getting certain sherrifs to enforce your dictatorship.

Colorado Dems-wits just wait 2014 is voting time,you force these laws on the people with lies in half truths,your time will come in 2014 and say bye-bye Dems-wits,,,

Ya, but who's going to guard and protect the kids ? 38 Special would get attention of news.

Those politicians know how to get their fame don't they.

•	First they register, then they regulate, then they restrict, then they confiscate!Fact: In 1994, before the Federal “assault weapons ban,” you were eleven (11) times more likely to be beaten to death than to be killed by an “assault weapon.”Fact: Guns prevent an estimated 2.5 million crimes a year or 6,849 every day. Often the gun is never fired and no blood (including the criminal’s) is shed.Fact: Every year, people in the United States use guns to defend themselves against criminals an estimated 2,500,000 times – more than 6,500 people a day, or once every 13 seconds.  Of these instances, 15.6% of the people using firearms defensively stated that they “almost certainly” saved their lives by doing so.Fact: 54% of these deaths are suicides (80% in Canada). Numerous studies have shown that the presence or absence of a firearm does not change the overall (i.e., gun plus non-gun) suicide rate.Fact: Guns are used for self-defense 2,500,000 times a year in the United States.• 71% of gunshot victims had previous arrest records.• 64% had been convicted of a crime.• Each had an average of 11 prior arrests.62,63• 63% of victims have criminal histories and 73% of the time they know their assailant (twice as often as victims without criminal histories).In 1911, Turkey established gun control. Subsequently, from 1915 to 1917, 1.5-million Armenians, deprived of the means to defend themselves, were rounded up and killed.In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control. Then, from 1929 to 1953, approximately 20-millon dissidents were rounded up and killed.In 1938 Germany established gun control. From 1939 to 1945 over 13-million Jews, gypsies, homosexuals, mentally ill, union leaders, Catholics and others, unable to fire a shot in protest, were rounded up and killed.In 1935, China established gun control. Subsequently, between 1948 and 1952, over 20-million dissidents were rounded up and killed.In 1956, Cambodia enshrined gun control. In just two years (1975-1977) over one million "educated" people were rounded up and killed.In 1964, Guatemala locked in gun control. From 1964 to 1981, over 100,000 Mayan Indians were rounded up and killed as a result of their inability to defend themselves.In 1970, Uganda embraced gun control. Over the next nine years over 300,000 Christians were rounded up and killed.Over 56-million people have died because of gun control in the last century.“Passing a law like the assault weapons ban is a symbolic, purely symbolic move... Its only real justification is not to reduce crime but to desensitize the public to the regulation of weapons in preparation for their ultimate confiscation.” - Charles Krauthammer Syndicated Columnist The Washington Post, April 5, 1996

well he had better ban duct tape next!  all you have to do is duct tape two of them together and it takes about 3 seconds to flip it around and keep fireing.   Do these guys realize they are done in political office by changeing our rights as is reads from our great forfathers.   I dont see how it changes gun violence at all, we still can bear arms so thats not what they are takeing away.  I agree we need to get the guns out of crazy peoples hands but that is not what they are accomplishing.

Colorado: Home of the liberal's liberal:  : Legal marijuana smoking; #$%$ marriage; New Gun Control Laws; What's next? Legal prostitution?"Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. "It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets.""This has got to be the dumbest thing I've ever heard...Well, maybe the "double barrel" comment by Biden...not sure, really.  Both are pretty stupid.

Stupid  Democrats. A teacher is going to carry concealed no matter what, if they feel necessary !

I'll bet most of Colorado disagrees with these politicians!

vote them out. they are treasonist agoinst our Constitution!

What's happened to Colorado......

Like MD loosing jobs and revenue for a non existent statistical issue. Basic security at the doors , buildings would do wonders. Lets see Columbine they put bombs in the school ahead of time. entry issue. Ct school. Entry issue, and Aoura JOKER was a lack of procedure policy for the shrink  and university to notify the police.  Few bad apples do spoil the bunch.

Actually we have to wait for the next election cycle, If these Anti-Constitution politicians keep their jobs, then we will know that Colorado is no longer a state where the right to bear arms is treasured or a supporter of the Second Amendment... It will be the state of the Rocky Mountain Pot high....... where RIghts are given away for the FALSE sense of security...Thank God I live in Texas...

Liberal feel-good legislation. (rolls eyes)

He is a traitor to the American constituion.

what part of shall not be infringed don^t the demos understand?Perfect example of how government is not listening to the people nor, doing what the people want.There will be many new faces next year.

RISE UP AND REVOLT, PEOPLE. Your rights are being taken away.  Hmmm, do you really think criminals - who commit these crimes - will be impacted by these 'knee-jerk' reactionary, ignorant pieces of legislation?  ACLU - stand up and fight this.

"Democrats tried to ease the concerns from Magpul Industries, saying the company can still manufacture higher-capacity magazines if they were sold out of state."So,  Dems are so hypocritical that they'll allow Magpul to keep producing high capacity magazines in Colorado, as long as they don't SELL them in Colorado.  Profit before Principle, I guess.  The Colorado Dems don't care if the massacres happen elsewhere...Congrats, libs, on those whom you elect.  You must be proud!

"A Colorado-based magazine manufacturer said it would leave the state if the new restrictions were passed, taking hundreds of jobs with it." ....... good for you Magpul.... come to Idaho and we will welcome you will open arms.

the state has to make-up the lost revenue because they made "pot" legal somehow....

John Lickinpooper

What the heck is a hickenlooper any way another democrat liberal socialist trying to kill the will of the people.He can say goodbye toi his career unless Obummer can come up with another cabinet post for another liberal RAT&gt;

Freakin' Jack-wad!!! Here's hoping your state looses all forms of  tourists!! I use to prospect in Colo.,but now.............

when did the good of the people get in the way of a politician

heres one of many that need to find new jobs.DICKINPOOPERis my kind of totalitarian government liberal fascist

KILL FREEDOMfor a safer America

So what are these 'politicians' and that 'governor' gonna do when another shooting occur's? they believe that this will reduce the chances right? haha... what they gonna blame next and pass next? because we all know... it's gonna stop absolutely nothing. this is fast becoming a nation of idiots.. just like how stupid the war on drugs is never gonna work..

Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper will cost a lot Colorado people jobs do to relocating of businesses. Democrats and Unions have lost more people job then any other existing factor causing unemployment. I've already moved my business to Kansas. Much better then Colorado now. I do feal sorry for the people that lost their jobs, but it is the Colorado Democrats that are at fault.

looks like i'm hunting in utah this deer and elk season

THE FACTS ABOUT BACKGROUND CHECKSBackground checks are already done on every firearm purchase madethrough an  FFL dealer which includes all retail stores and FFl  dealers atall gun  shows. All internet or mail purchases must be shipped first to anFFL dealer for a background check before the customer can take possessionof the firearm. In Texas if you buy more than one firearm at a time theSheriff in the county where you live is notified by law . Currently thereis no permanent record of that background check or what kind of firearmwas purchased. So if I bought a firearm at one store and immediatelywalked across the street and bought another firearm at another storeI would have to go through another background check. What GUN OWNERSare AGAINST is the new laws want to make the background check and thefirearm purchased a permanent record which constitutes REGISTRATION.Registration is the first step to confiscation and IT AIN’T GONNA HAPPEN!The only concession I would be willing to make is to have background ckeckson private owner sales at gun shows as long as it stays the same as it is nowwith no permanent record kept.

Rhonda Fields needs to be sent back to the fields of cotton.  Then again she is even to worthless for that.

The Pharmaceutical lobby is the biggest in the country and more people die from Drugs approved by the FDA and then recalled every year, then gun deaths in the last 5.120,000 people die every year from FDA Recalled Drugs With another 320,000people waiting to see if their lawsuit will go through, If you're for stopping people frombeing killed, Fire Arms would be 18'th on your list of killers of Americans.

Colorado politicians dont get secret service protection, sleep tight amigos!

Looks like Johnathan Hickenlooper spent too much time in elementary school learning how to write his name and now he just wants to sign it on any stupid thing.He is signing his own ouster call, no way he will ever be re-elected here and the next Republican governor will rewrite the law any way, what a waste of time and money

My family &amp; I used to go on vacation to Colorado Springs every year for the last 40 years "No More!" we'll keep our money.

He is signing his own ouster call, no way he will ever be re-elected here and the next Republican governor will rewrite the law any way, what a waste of time and money

I'll bet most of Colorado disagrees with these politicians!

Throw the bums out, and boycott everything Colorado.  People need to get serious aboutejecting anti- gun politicians if they wish to retain their 2nd amendment rights.

Might have an impact if criminals are dumb enough to try to buy and own only legal guns.

Now I think it is fair to say, Colorado turns into Cali-rado.  I hope we can smoke these idiots out in the next election.

Hopefully, this will have the same effect on Colo as it would if Sturgis tried to ban motorcycles...

With a name like hickenlooper,what do you expect?......get rid of him next election time,get your rights back.

so i wonder is obama going to ever go after colorado for legalising an illegal drug? no then #$%$ him and democrats gun laws enforce all laws or go #$%$ yourselves that includes deporting illegalsAnd remember firearms industry:  don't sell to Colorado law enforcement any more than the general public is allowed.

Hickenlooper you're a traitor to the US Republic.  Some day in the near future you'll have your day in court... You'll be tried for high treason for clear violation of the 2nd Admendment.  An example has to be made of traitors like you!  Cherish your days of freedom...

Bork just turned 12 and his mommy finally put away the rubber sheets, hopefully for good this time, everyone wish Bork a happy birthday buckaroo.

Vote the pervert out!

this is how the democratic party takes over then loses within one voting cycle

since 1992, gun violence has dropped by 49%.. and at at time where gun sales have exploded..

The DemoCommies are really screwing things up everywhere they reside!

Just keep pushin the American people around with these usless laws and see what happens, it is not going to be pretty, another reveloution is right around the corner. i sure hope that this P.O.S Govenor and his croonies dont get re-elected at the mid terms. what the hell is this once fine country coming to.

Will police and government be using these reduced sized clips? What part of infringed upon does the government not understand. It is a blatant attempt to disarm law biding citizens. Just vote these clowns out in the next election.

are the leaders of this country to stupid to learn from history? didnt the shootings in colorado  happen during the last ban?    just to dumb to see itno more of my hunting dollars to Colorado that's for sure. Hunters spend millions there every year. let them tax the stupid democrats instead.

Not much of a victory, compared to what Dems wanted, and a Pyrrhic one at that.

Soon to be losing the next election...

With all this going on. Has mag pul issued a new statement?

Planes before 911 had no Pilots or Marshall's with guns to stop the bad guys. After 911 the bad guys know there's guns on planes.  Proof guns work against bad guys.

Enjoy your taxpayer funded retirement. How in the hell did the people of Colorado vote these socialists into power. You take away the rights of the legitimate residents of Colorado and push for the rights of the illegal population that thumbs their nose at your laws. Disarm your people and leave them at the mercy of the people that will kill you for a taco and not give it a thought. Open your doors to these illegals and leave your citizens unprotected. See how long you survive

Vote him out, period.

They will make crack legal there soon.

Magazine limits will do, effectively, NOTHING .With practice, and experience, MOST magazine changes can be done in under 2 seconds, with many, such as those on MOST rifles, in under 1 second.THIS "slows down" the "spray of bullets" by MAYBE 3 rounds or less!And the result is the loss of a good business and JOBS when Mag-Pul moves out, as well as losses in OTHER areas as well.AND just HOW are they going to verify/enforce the "private" transfer ban?THAT is impossible WITHOUT REGISTRATION, not just of NEW sales, but of CURRENT OWNERSHIP of guns!Now the on line "training" ban I CAN agree with.IF you do NOT have time to TAKE the course IN PERSON, HOW will you have the TIME to become proficient with your gun on a range?IF you are NOT proficient, you should NOT be carrying it!

I don't live in Colorado but if I did I would start the recall petition for this POS TODAY !!!what did you expect. the gop, nra and most gun owners support current unconstitutional restrictions to the 2nd amendment. did you think they would stop there?

Wow, I'm so glad they found a way to keep nuts from murdering more crowds of folks here in Colorado. That's sure a load off my mind. We can sleep soundly again. Way to go, politicians!

the democrats are setting themselves up for another sch-lacking......

Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid...........

This will make the Good working taxpayers and upstanding people in the community a criminal,a felon, This is exactly what our govt. wants!! It's gotten to the point in our country that if you spit on the sidewalk you're a felon!! And yes a Felon cannot legally own a firearm !! We need to change some of these laws that they sneak in after hours when no ones looking!! We need to SUPPORT OUR CONSTITUTION!! especially the 2nd amendment!!

I bet the dems will not be re-elected next term. Tell the mfg. of the magazines texas would love to have their mfg. co. The heck with Colorado

This is what happens when a bunch of liberals move into a state and are ELECTED to govern that state.  Hello, anybody heard of California?  They are bankrupt, ridiculous taxes, high crime rate, and have one of the highest unemployment rates of any state.  Looks like Colorado is headed that direction too.  Remember this in the next election.

How well did not having guns work out for Germany, Russia, and North Korea?

Wave good-bye to your career #$%$...

Senator DickenLicker is a stupidass. There are Sheriff's all over the state that have already said that they will NOT enforce ANY anti-gun legislation that passes. Get ready folks, it's gonna get really interesting really fast. This is going to spread across the entire country, and when it gets to a certain point, the American people will only take so much before they start pushing back...THEN it WILL be interesting...we may be looking at the beginning of some MAJOR internal conflict within the country. Watch and see.since your governor will not support you Time to VOTE them out of office

Magpul needs to move to Texas now.

I am for registration of weapons but not the ban on 'assault' rifles nor the limitation on large capacity magazines. The last two are insignificant and will do little. The banning of 'assault' rifles is really unConstitutional as it restricts ownership of weapons to law abiding citizens. Havaing 'assault' weapons banned would not have changed the shooting in Aurora. I am pretty sure the guy realized he was breaking the law by shooting up a theater. The real issue is mental health identification/treatment not controlling guns. While the shooter at the Aurora theater was killing people, there were MANY thousands of weapons owners doing the right thing so weapons were merely the tool of a mentally ill person.

Regulating and reducing the size of your clip in no way prohibits you from owning or bearing arms. Nowhere in the 2nd amendment does it mention ammo capacity.

Vote them out

Commiefornia cockroaches ruin their home states, then move to Conservative states and begin recreating the same environment that they fled.  Hey libs, you made your bed, why don't you wanna sleep in it??  Stop trying to send other people spiraling down into the toilet with you!!  Idiots.

I hope Magpul sticks to its word and leaves. will serve the sstate right. hell  they evedently don't need the money from tax sales in the state.take the jobs and fly Magpul, #$%$ on the commie state fro there criminal act of going against the USA  constition.

We, as a free society are history. The liberals have corrupted everything in this country. You no longer have to work or perform in this country only to exist and claim a check from the government.

I will keep my Glock 17 and 33 round magazines.  Anyone who wants them can go to hell.  I will ignore this law.

The Pharmaceutical lobby is the biggest in the country and more people die from Drugs approved by the FDA and then recalled every year, then gun deaths in the last 5.120,000 people die every year from FDA Recalled Drugs With another 320,000people waiting to see if their lawsuit will go through, If you're for stopping people frombeing killed, Fire Arms would be 18'th on your list of killers of Americans.Keep voting them in and you will wake up one day asking yourself when you became a communist country

it should be :  HICKEN LOONEY.

I say ban Hollywood and start raising free thinking Americans again

Do the Colorado lawmakers feel all warm and fuzzy inside? They should. That is the only benefit they will get from passing useless, anti-constitutional laws.

He is signing his own ouster call, no way he will ever be re-elected here and the next Republican governor will rewrite the law any way, what a waste of time and money

Hey guys, here is the facts on police shootings, the police only have a hit rate of 20%-25% in shootings, they miss 75%-80% of the time!! Yes that is the actual statistic! Look it up! So if the gov. Tells you only police are highly trained to handle these firearms they are lying, if they tell you that you dont need 30 round magazines to defend yourself they are lying! The police, using their own success rate of hitting a target in a firefight with a 30 round magazine is less than 7 shots!! Some departments have higher rates and some lower! In N.Y. the police have a hit rate of only 43% at 0-6 ft. distance!! So, the Myth you dont need more than 7 rounds or 10 or 15 is #$%$!! The police reports also confirm that even less percentage has an effect of stopping the criminal!! Those hit rates means they hit in the leg or arm as well, so the actuall hit on center mass is less, much less!!

Gov. Hickenlooper is a TRAITOR to his OATH, the people of Colorado and all of America."...the right of the people to keep and bear arms...SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED" !!!!!!

and what do they think that will solve? stop attacking legal gun owners...

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks.Are you joking..oh wait..yor not...you believe your own BS ! Criminals DO NOT go throught backgroud checks...this is a lie through and through just to grab more control over law abiding citizens lives and rights.I hope you have fun getting certain sherrifs to enforce your dictatorship.Think you all need to sit , smoke one  and think about the freeoms your not only removing from the people but your selves and you future children.One law at a time freedom is lost , freedom is taken.

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks.Are you joking..oh wait..yor not...you believe your own BS ! Criminals DO NOT go throught backgroud checks...this is a lie through and through just to grab more control over law abiding citizens lives and rights.I hope you have fun getting certain sherrifs to enforce your dictatorship.One can only hope the citizens of Colorado will vote these butthats out of office.

I hope he gets butt raped on the street lib pig trash

I plan on traveling cross country this summer on my motorcycle and may cross the state and believe me I will be packing and thats my right. I hope to enjoy the country  my forefathers brought together with the power of  the muzzle loader, six shooter  etc, and the agreement among its citizens and government that the citizens have rights to protect themselves against governments established who suppress the rights of the citizens to defend themselves and protect their property etc. against any unwanted invaders be it domestic or foriegn?

At least you guys had a few days of warning. Here in NY, they literally passed this bill during a midnight session under all of our noses. The vast majority of counties have passed legislation against it. Good luck, Colorado.

Impeach Hickenpooper he has violated the law against the 2 amendment

Colorado can forget about hunters/tourists........let the state just dry up. I willnever go to colorado again.....finished.

John Hickenloopers political career is overCongratulations dummy

Hickenlooper is wrong on this the coward. Whats next Hickey, cars, knives...rocks...you have plenty of those in your state.

The 2014 elections are going to be "Very Interesting" in Colorado; especially when politicians start messing around with the Constitution and Bill of Rights!!

congratulations governor,,,you have finally proved that telling the boss off is NOT the quickest way to get fired!It's time to form and organize the militia's and prepare for what's next!!!!!

How about a ANTI ILLEGAL ALIEN bill? Why can't you actualy inforce real laws?

"Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. 'It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets.'"Did she forget about Columbine, where Eric Harris carried thirteen 10-round magazines (130 rounds total) for the 9MM HiPoint Carbine he used and still fired off 98 rounds? That's a total of nine times he reloaded during the Columbine school massacre.

Time to vote Hickenlooper out.

A vote for democrats is a vote against your own Constitutional rights.

lets gets the signatures moving! boot the communist.

It never fails to amaze me how liberals can be on the wrong side of every argument.

This is disgusting. Keystone and Breckenridge had bad snow seasons this year so I didn't waste one dime skiing at either place though now I can't mountain bike at Keystone anymore either in the summer. I absolutely refuse to spend money in a state that refuses to honor 2nd amendment rights.

Gov. John Hickenlooper is aprt of the PUSSIFICATION OF AMERICA.

Ok  Colorado...  vote his #$%$ OUT!By their logic, if you just make it illegal then that will fix the problem. Lets look at some other examples of this - drugs are illegal and we all know how that has panned out. In my next post we will discuss the ramifications of prohibition in the 1920's and the repercussions of organized crime as breweries in neighboring countries flourished! Good job Colorado.

I won't be going to colorado on hunting trips any more. I won't be spending any of my money there. Let's see how this law affects them.

funny.. the only two laws that would work: allowing trained teachers to pack and armed security guards.. was shot down by the dems..

Liberal idiot riding the gun debate train and will not get reelected.

"The governor also was planning to sign a bill reviving user fees".. there it is sports fans... the true reason for the bill... to raise taxes....

Welcome to the NEW CHICAGO DenverGun control is not the answer. Look at places like CHICAGO with strict gun control, and you will see only crooks have the guns. There have been over 516 gun related deaths in CHICAGO this years. More AMERICANS are being killed in CHICAGO than Afghanistan. Today is a TRAGEDY but please don't blame guns, blame someone who used guns to act in a TRAGIC WAY. Criminals will always be able to get and carry guns. Get the guns away from criminals before law abiding CITIZENS. Then you can talk about GUN CONTROL. GOD BLESS AMERICA and the families that were directly touched by this act of VIOLENCE.

thats what you get when you vote Dem....

Boycott Colorado

douche

keep it up...political suicide. the libbys are all gonna wonder why they got pounded after the next election.That is what I love about Texas  We say F### gun control.  We are doing great here no major shooting.  We shoot back  :)

It will end up at the CO supreme court and may get booted there.I see no mention of what happens if you already own the "banned" items.There is something called Ex-Post-Facto which means you can't label me as a law breaker for something I did before the law was passed. If a CO citizen owns some 30 round magazines now, and you pass a law banning them what is he supposed to do? Trash them? He or she bought them legally and now they are illegal?

Gun bans don't disarm criminals, gun bans attract them. – Walter Mondale

Guns did not kill 6 Million Jews,But there government did!That is Gun control at it's best !

Time to boycott Colorado.  It has become a communist state.

A whole lot of honest people are now going to become criminals in the eyes of the law. Stupidity reigns in CO these days. It does so in most areas plagued with liberals in government. Too bad this law does nothing toward resolution of any gun control, other than nip at individual constitutional rights. Chalk up another one as a winner for the bad guys.

The Lib hero is James Homes aka Batman killer. He gave them a victory. Crazy as it sounds It's TRUE!

James Holmes must be smiling ear to ear.

Colorado does something good (legalizes pot) then does something completely stupid like this. Ought to call it the Hit-or-miss state!

why doesn't shall not infringe not get through there heads?" a well regulated militia "

i feel sorry for the Colorado people, but they voted these people in power so they now get what they voted for!

More gun laws insures that gun violence in Colorado stays in poor drug infested neighborhoods, where criminals don't pay attention to what legislators think.

Send waddy to the unemployment line!

Lets freeze all guns and ammunition to Colorado now.....let them dry up.

Let the facism begin!

Good luck getting those laws enforced, when the Sheriff said forget about it.  How would they even be able to enforce a magazine ban anyway -- especially when surrounding states don't have a similar ban?  How can you stop people from getting hi-cap mags?  There's no way for you to know when they were made and when the owner took possession of them.  Liberalism is clearly a mental disease; and the people suffering from that disease are clearly a plague.

All this does is stop good people from protecting their family. It hurts the good people and the criminal will continue to obtain his guns illegally.

The governor doesn't get to decide for millions of others that's not his job he doesn't make legislation the citizens of colorado should stand up and march towards the state capital in protest.

It was about ten or twelve years ago that I was told while visiting Denver that Colorado was rapidly becoming the next California.  I would now say that the person ( a gunshop owner at the time ) that told that to me was 100 percent correct.  Calirado.Govenor and a few select Colorado politicians enjoy thier new yacht's donated by private concerend citizen from NYC. Next on agenda Home invasions  with out a warrant, pat and frisk searches, proposal to ban 32oz sugar drinks, sausage bisquits and to hide cigarettes behind the counter with those nasty old condoms that ignorant people should not be exposed to.They say money can buy anything votes, honesty, integrity, morals, common sense!! . Is anyone else getting the feeling that Colorado policy is being dictated from NYC.

No matter when hickenpooper is gone next election just repeal it 2014 can't get here quick enough for these anti american politicians.

Can you spell POS?

I hope that Magpul moves and bans the sale of their products to Colorado and any other state that has magazine restrictions.

Way to go Magpul...That is a company I believe in...one that stands behind what they say &amp; believe in...Now, Colorado is going to lose a few hundred jobs thanks to knee-jerk emotional reactions by worthless politicians passing unconstitutional laws...People of Colorado wake up vote these people out of office.

Just like Hemp was not outlawed at first, first they just made the farmer get a tax stamp to grow it and then they just stopped giving out the stamps. Now an entire industry is against the law to cut out another industries competition. So now we got to stop this gun violence and if all gun owners or anybody that wants a gun just get a background check that will do it. Oh yea were not doing anymore background checks so you will have to turn in your guns. And be quiet about the fact all these people that are doing these mass shooting are on or coming off some SSRI that have side effects like Withdrawal from relationships and activities, Violence, Nightmares, Nervousness, Anxiety, Agitation, Frequent emotional changes, Psychosis, Hostility, Paranoia,  increase suicidal behavior, FDA warns doctors that studies cannot rule out increased suicidal thinking in children taking antidepressants. There are plenty more but think some one that out of the blue that goes out and commits mass murder and then suicide that are taking these drugs (pretty much all of them) just might be having some or all of these side effects.Its not about safety it about disarming the public for what ever agenda the have planned maybe 15, 20 or 30 yrs from now maybe sooner. Just keep feeding kids all these SSRIs and I don't care what law they pass there are going to be some more mass shootings and boy do those dead kids work good for the gun-control nut.I don't care how many kids have to die in mass shootings I want gun control.Mass shootings don't help the gun owners but they sure help the gun control crowd.Obama wants gun control, Obama authorizes drone strikes that kill children and babies. Do we really think he would not kill kids to get what he wants? He already is

what a loser

Another state I'll never go to.

The Pharmaceutical lobby is the biggest in the country and more people die from Drugs approved by the FDA and then recalled every year, then gun deaths in the last 5.120,000 people die every year from FDA Recalled Drugs With another 320,000people waiting to see if their lawsuit will go through, If you're for stopping people frombeing killed, Fire Arms would be 18'th on your list of killers of Americans.

Magpul can come to New Mexico!  The 2013 gun control bill died on the Senate floor!  Huzzah!How in the world are they going to enforce a on constitution law that they no is no good ?

He is signing his own ouster call, no way he will ever be re-elected here and the next Republican governor will rewrite the law any way, what a waste of time and money

I'll bet most of Colorado disagrees with these politicians!

Hey guys, here is the facts on police shootings, the police only have a hit rate of 20%-25% in shootings, they miss 75%-80% of the time!! Yes that is the actual statistic! Look it up! So if the gov. Tells you only police are highly trained to handle these firearms they are lying, if they tell you that you dont need 30 round magazines to defend yourself they are lying! The police, using their own success rate of hitting a target in a firefight with a 30 round magazine is less than 7 shots!! Some departments have higher rates and some lower! In N.Y. the police have a hit rate of only 43% at 0-6 ft. distance!! So, the Myth you dont need more than 7 rounds or 10 or 15 is #$%$!! The police reports also confirm that even less percentage has an effect of stopping the criminal!! Those hit rates means they hit in the leg or arm as well, so the actuall hit on center mass is less, much less!!

Hey guys, here is the facts on police shootings, the police only have a hit rate of 20%-25% in shootings, they miss 75%-80% of the time!! Yes that is the actual statistic! Look it up! So if the gov. Tells you only police are highly trained to handle these firearms they are lying, if they tell you that you dont need 30 round magazines to defend yourself they are lying! The police, using their own success rate of hitting a target in a firefight with a 30 round magazine is less than 7 shots!! Some departments have higher rates and some lower! In N.Y. the police have a hit rate of only 43% at 0-6 ft. distance!! So, the Myth you dont need more than 7 rounds or 10 or 15 is #$%$!! The police reports also confirm that even less percentage has an effect of stopping the criminal!! Those hit rates means they hit in the leg or arm as well, so the actuall hit on center mass is less, much less!!

Hey guys, here is the facts on police shootings, the police only have a hit rate of 20%-25% in shootings, they miss 75%-80% of the time!! Yes that is the actual statistic! Look it up! So if the gov. Tells you only police are highly trained to handle these firearms they are lying, if they tell you that you dont need 30 round magazines to defend yourself they are lying! The police, using their own success rate of hitting a target in a firefight with a 30 round magazine is less than 7 shots!! Some departments have higher rates and some lower! In N.Y. the police have a hit rate of only 43% at 0-6 ft. distance!! So, the Myth you dont need more than 7 rounds or 10 or 15 is #$%$!! The police reports also confirm that even less percentage has an effect of stopping the criminal!! Those hit rates means they hit in the leg or arm as well, so the actuall hit on center mass is less, much less!!

I'll bet most of Colorado disagrees with these politicians!

I'll bet most of Colorado disagrees with these politicians!

Its funny the AP always refers to Democrat extremists as moderates.

He is a gutless bastard who would blow his own brains out with Joe Bidens "double barrel" if Obamma told him to...This is a stupid law.  It unintentionally encourages gun-owners to buy multiple guns with 15 round magazines to compensate for the superior firepower that criminals with higher capacity magazines-- many of which, are made by ProMag Industries in Colorado.It also encourages gun-owners to buy larger calibre guns, which are more powerful than firearms with "high capacity magazines".After all, gun-owners already debate whether it is better to have more rounds, like with a 19-round 9mm handgun, or a 9 or less-round .45 calibre handguns, which fires more powerful rounds, which are more likely to stop a criminal dead in his tracks.The same goes for an AR-15 rifle that shoots .223 rounds in so-called "high capacity magazines", which are less likely to kill than more powerful .308 or higher calibre rifles, which holds fewer rounds.

A "Democratic victory"? That says it all.

Not going to do a goddam thing to decrease crime, just hurts legal gunowners, i hope coloradians kick this bum out of office, along with the rest of those crummy politicians.

I hear the flushing sound as millions of dollars are lost....

Thanks. Now the maniac shooter will have to take one extra second to reload and the law abiding citizen takes it up the a(s)s

Gay weed head colorado is marching to the ultra left's mandateof course when the government closes the banks and takes their moneywhat will they do?Cry?

Next they should ban Birkenstocks to avoid stubbed toes.

JUST MORE OF THE SAME OLD #$%$.Lip service from the demonic crats who in THE REAL POLLS are way way in the minority with they're gun banning ways yet the people who are the employers of these idiots and the over 80% against these rediculous laws have no say.WAKE UP AMERICA THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE.and I feel sorry for the CITIZENS of Colorado and I'm in California.

The state of Colorado just became less safe.

This will cost the state jobs and will eventually be declared unconstitutional.  It does nothing to reduce gun violence.  The Stupid democrats strike again, rather than fix the problem they do a feel good fix that does nothing.I want to kill a lot of people in Colorado, let's say, but there is a ban on high cap. mags. which will hinder my efforts and make my spree less effective. **---**  if I obey the law and carry out a "legal killing spree".

The cancer on our coasts has spread to the heartland and will devour our Constitution and our nation.

If you own a 30 round mags and even think about selling it because of this political nonsense, you are nothing more than a coward. Do you think Jesse, Al or even Obama would give up something they believed in? Even better, that you have a 2nd Amendment right for. Their would not be a city street left in tact if this was a politically charged black issue. Colorado, get up off your #$%$ and show your worthless representatives that this is not going to be tolerated.

Scratching Colorado off my list of places to spend our family vacation money.

I wll never register my guns!  Leave New York and Colorado, and move to Missouri.

a wag the dog law... it does nothing but distract you from the real issues and solutions

Going to be major overhauls at the polls next year........across the board. Hope all these uneducated fools realize they're all committing political suicide. Then, everything they pass will just get repealed. So, they'll be out of jobs and no laws in the books to take credit for. That's how fukyn stupid they are.

We'll see if the people of Colorado really treasure their rights.  If they do, the politicians responsible for this infringement on the rights of law-abiding citizens will be voted out in the next election.

here`s one they didn`t think of : limit the number of seats at a movie theater to 15 also.

another useless liberal measure that will do nothing to prevent crime. i really cant wait until a trained professional killer with a six shot smith a wesson teaches these retards a lesson about gunfire and shooting! the magizines have nothing to do with it!This might be the beginning or sign of what is to come-ban on guns.

Magpul needs to find a new home. I hope they move to Georgia. We appreciate the freedom from government our guns insure. Colorado has now joined the Liberal States of America. I wish them well, but I will not hunt or vacation in their state.

Let the lawsuits fly!  Lawyers love this.  It's a big payday for them!

I am ashamed to be a Coloradan with the kind of government we get from all the godamneddemocrats in our legislature.

Magpul confirms plan to leave Colorado ‘almost immediately’ following magazine ban

But the illegals get tuition assistance.

BOYCOTT KALIRODO, any state that will infringe on our rights is a state that does not need our money. I lived there for over 20 years and left when all the kalifornicaters moved in, they want the same thing they left so let them have it.

I hope the people of Colorado come to their senses, put down their bongs and joints, and have a recall election.

Colorado you know what to do 2014 is an excellent start,but might want to push fore voter ID cards with photo before then.

I just hope we get to see the statistics of how these new laws are helping this state out...or not.As freedom dies

I am Giving up and going fat black #$%$ bucktooth female bullied oppressed person and filing for all the benefits I can get.

Here, smoke some weed!  Ok, now give us your money and your guns.  We'll be sure to take good care of you.

Just another logical, common sense, save our children, reasonable first step on the road to a total ban on private ownership.  If the Colorado voters don't send those responsible to the unemployment line (next election) then we'll know they drank the kool-aid!

Well, at least we know who to vote out.

You liberl morons are shooting yourself in the foot.  Every time this kind of horse&amp;^% gets passed through you sell millions of guns.  LIBERALS turn millionaire gun dealers into BILLIONAIRES.

Looks the the people in Colorado wanted this to feel safe, just another reason not to move or visit that state, and the only good thing out of this is that the democrappys are digging their own graves. This has nothing to do with saving life's, it's a smoke screen for gun control, plain and simple. The people in that state put this clown in office, so they get what they voted for, and so much for the power of the NRA and the major gun manufacturers, where were they?

D-BAG liberals flooded california and turned it from a red state to a blue state.  Now those same sleazebag liberals move to colorado and #$%$ all over it and want to dictate people's Constitutional Rights because they have some kind of mental pathology.  They are parasites that destroy one host then slither over to another.

I hope he pays for this when it's time to run again.

Hey guys, here is the facts on police shootings, the police only have a hit rate of 20%-25% in shootings, they miss 75%-80% of the time!! Yes that is the actual statistic! Look it up! So if the gov. Tells you only police are highly trained to handle these firearms they are lying, if they tell you that you dont need 30 round magazines to defend yourself they are lying! The police, using their own success rate of hitting a target in a firefight with a 30 round magazine is less than 7 shots!! Some departments have higher rates and some lower! In N.Y. the police have a hit rate of only 43% at 0-6 ft. distance!! So, the Myth you dont need more than 7 rounds or 10 or 15 is #$%$!! The police reports also confirm that even less percentage has an effect of stopping the criminal!! Those hit rates means they hit in the leg or arm as well, so the actuall hit on center mass is less, much less!!He better start looking for another job. Cause if signs this Bill he's as good as out.

He is signing his own ouster call, no way he will ever be re-elected here and the next Republican governor will rewrite the law any way, what a waste of time and money

I'll bet most of Colorado disagrees with these politicians!

Hey guys, here is the facts on police shootings, the police only have a hit rate of 20%-25% in shootings, they miss 75%-80% of the time!! Yes that is the actual statistic! Look it up! So if the gov. Tells you only police are highly trained to handle these firearms they are lying, if they tell you that you dont need 30 round magazines to defend yourself they are lying! The police, using their own success rate of hitting a target in a firefight with a 30 round magazine is less than 7 shots!! Some departments have higher rates and some lower! In N.Y. the police have a hit rate of only 43% at 0-6 ft. distance!! So, the Myth you dont need more than 7 rounds or 10 or 15 is #$%$!! The police reports also confirm that even less percentage has an effect of stopping the criminal!! Those hit rates means they hit in the leg or arm as well, so the actuall hit on center mass is less, much less!!

Hey guys, here is the facts on police shootings, the police only have a hit rate of 20%-25% in shootings, they miss 75%-80% of the time!! Yes that is the actual statistic! Look it up! So if the gov. Tells you only police are highly trained to handle these firearms they are lying, if they tell you that you dont need 30 round magazines to defend yourself they are lying! The police, using their own success rate of hitting a target in a firefight with a 30 round magazine is less than 7 shots!! Some departments have higher rates and some lower! In N.Y. the police have a hit rate of only 43% at 0-6 ft. distance!! So, the Myth you dont need more than 7 rounds or 10 or 15 is #$%$!! The police reports also confirm that even less percentage has an effect of stopping the criminal!! Those hit rates means they hit in the leg or arm as well, so the actuall hit on center mass is less, much less!!

Hey guys, here is the facts on police shootings, the police only have a hit rate of 20%-25% in shootings, they miss 75%-80% of the time!! Yes that is the actual statistic! Look it up! So if the gov. Tells you only police are highly trained to handle these firearms they are lying, if they tell you that you dont need 30 round magazines to defend yourself they are lying! The police, using their own success rate of hitting a target in a firefight with a 30 round magazine is less than 7 shots!! Some departments have higher rates and some lower! In N.Y. the police have a hit rate of only 43% at 0-6 ft. distance!! So, the Myth you dont need more than 7 rounds or 10 or 15 is #$%$!! The police reports also confirm that even less percentage has an effect of stopping the criminal!! Those hit rates means they hit in the leg or arm as well, so the actuall hit on center mass is less, much less!!

Hickenlooper and Bloomburg; birds of a feather

Hickenlooper is an idiot. After the Aurora theater massacre, he said that Colorado is a safe state. Is he out of his mind? There was the Aurora shooting, Columbine, the Jessica Ridgeway and Jon Benet Ramsey murders, and if you watch the nightly news here in Denver, you'll see acts of violence daily. There is no safe place in this country as long as criminals have high capacity guns. If we, the public can only have up to a 15 round clip, the laws will not deter criminals from having higher capacity clips. Just like in the movie National Treasure, to quote "we cannot change the status quo." And if these new laws pass, the status quo will give criminals the advantage.

OKC was a suicide !

Just Another Obama buddy #$%$Policy decisions by the Democratic Party clearly represent antithetical postions to the Constitution.  It must be stated that the Democratic Party is dead.  It is replaced by the Communist Party USA.  Patriots must push back on politicians like this who make unconstitutional laws abrogating our Constitutional Rights.  These traitors are practicing law warfare against the Republic.  Their crimes are no different that taking up arms against the Republic.  In fact, making law warfare on the Republic is the most egregious violation of trust coming from elected politicians who swear an oath to support and defend the Constitution.  As such, these traitors are not entitled to enjoy the benefits of their office.  In fact, they should be arrested and tried for treason.

Isn't it funny that nowhere in the article does it state that Hickenpooper is a Democrat.  The media covers for the Democrats.  If this had been a Republican doing something outside of conventional wisdom, well, you know....it would have been plastered on every front page in the nation, including Yahoo's.  Such a double standard.  Wake up America.

Colorado, you have made your bed by allowing those idiots in office. Learn from your mistakes,make a difference and run their a%$es out of office.

I dont give a damn who signs what. The liberal idiots, nor their King Obozo, will never take my guns. If they try, they should make sure that their affairs are in order and that they are right with God.

Another Democrat doing the will of the "PEOPLE" who in their right mind votes for these "CLOWNS?????...has this Governor learned nothing from his Pal (Democrat ) BLOOMBURG..???? and the NEWS MEDIA KEEPS telling America the Republicans need to "RE-Invent their Party?????? Give me a Break...WAKE-UP-America...!!!!!!!!!

Elections in this country have now become a dog and pony show when people start closing their bank accounts across states and actually march towards their state capitals or refuse to pay ferderal income taxes is when the politicians will finally realize they are not incharge of the people any longer.

And ...talk about the fact that 90 million people with over 300 million guns killed no one last year. He also doesn’t mention that over 2.5 million people used guns to save their lives last year and in most of those cases, simply pulling the gun stopped the crime

step bye step,the suckies are taking over!! the people that voted for monkeyman are getting what they want! feel sorry for our once great country!

by by by colorado demwits

It's fine Gov!!!!!! Wait till election time. You WILL Be replaced!'spraying of bullets'? could he make it any more clear he doesn't know what he's talking about?

He's essentially changing the constitution.

Idiot!Well Colorado just lost 400 jobs with a feel good law that does NOTHING!Good bye Governor, we will remember you next elections along with all your other constitution destroying azsholes!!

What an idiot.  Run from Colorado while you have your constitutional rights and freedom.

Colorado produces mass murderers and blames the guns

Congradulations to the wise people of Colorado!  With these new gun laws in effect, your wise and all knowing socialist leaders and police departments will protect each and every citizen 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. The residents of Colorado now live in a 100% totally safe environment and never..ever have to fear any sort of gun violence what-so-ever!  The entire world envies you all. The world headlines should read, "Colorado, the safest place in the world!"  But how America and the world will laugh in your faces when it discovers that the gun violence continues. Ha ha ha ha!  I'm already laughing at your ignorance and stupidity!

Good luck enforcing your new law! Your police force has already stated they will NOT attempt to enforce the new law being passed.The Colorado legislature is full of idiots, passing a law based upon a knee-jerk reaction to several horrendous acts of violence involving guns. And the law is wothless, and won't curb gun violence one iota (even if it was enforced).

This is a no-brainer. Anybody who thinks the bad guys are going to use high capacity magazines and such are actually going to follow the law are so stupid it isn't even funny.Once the bad guys start shooting the place up with no way to fight back against then all the guns get rounded up.

I hope that means he is giving up his armed guards. No guns make people safer...

Is there anything Democrats DON'T want to either ban, regulate or tax (other than matrimonial sodomy and late term abortion)?Colorado wants you to be stoned, stupid and unarmed.

He has Failed the people to uphold his oath to office, He needs to be removed immediately! The laws of our land were put there for our own protection from a tyrannical government, and to limit the powers of our government not the people it serves!! Politicians have long forgotten they work for us we are a REPUBLIC NOT a Democracy!! If they wish to serve "We The People" then they need to start by taking down criminals not Law abiding citizens!

Magpul should stay in Colorado. I have patent pendings on several ammunition magazines that carry15 rounds of ammunition designed to slide and clip together with one motion allowing attached clips capable of holding 45 rounds of ammunition. I am willing to offer the design to Magpul contingent on a roayalty agreement.

I'm tired of these commies screwing up our state.  If you don't like Colorado you can always move to California.  Leave Colorado alone ChickenPooper!

Hickenlooper?......Never mind.....

Obama has 2 assault weapons his pen and his MOUTHMaybe he should be limited to a semi-auto pen, with a maximum 10 signature ink reservoir.

What's the background check laws for, "gang members" ??

Biden was anointed to lead the gun control task force .Biden says : we need more gun laws for we don’tHave the man power to enforce the ones we haveTHINK ABOUT THAT FOR JUST A MINUTE ?

Guess who wont be Governor next term !!! The people will not forget...........

The constitution of the united states America !! is the law of the land .And a state law can not over ride the constitution !As with most xxx make that all liberal bills they will punish the innocent...and in this case, create new jobs by creating a black market in gun magazines.  The UGRA (United Gun Runners of America) welcomes this great, new opportunity and applauds the stupidity that creates this new market.  Long Lives the Free Enterprise System.

I am positive the crime rate just got a boost from the great government! HOORAY--You #$%$ clowns=

"Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper will sign legislation Wednesday...marking a Democratic victory..."We'll see about that, come election time. There are gonna be a LOT of unemployed Democrats, shortly. They've ignored the will of the people. Therefore they're finished.  Might as well go ahead and do some job searches and put a few applications in."Democrats tried to ease the concerns from Magpul Industries, saying the company can still manufacture higher-capacity magazines if they were sold out of state."That is proof positive that their decision to sign those laws into effect had NOTHING to do with trying to preventing ANYTHING. If they were genuinely concerned with mass-shootings and honestly believed reducing magazine capacity would help, they wouldn't want Magpul to keep making hi-cap mags and selling them out of state.This was CLEARLY feel-good legislation. Democrats just wanted to be able to say that they did SOMETHING, even though they know it will do NOTHING.Hey Libtards, you're fired.

Least I know one thing, next election it will be goodbye John Hickenlooper, a man that does not uphold the constitution he swore to protect is nothing more than a traitor to the people he is suppose to be protect. And his name will be added to the list of people that will held accountable when the true Patriots take back the country.

Same old back &amp; forth, nothing accomplished..............................except our rights

Colorado creates lame laws and now creates more unemployed Americans then realizes they are going to lose a big chunk of money to another state since Magpul makes a ton of money. Then Colorado regrets it ....Why do people who lead this country have no idea what they are doing???

As freedom dies

Colorado!!!! If you VOTE  the way you did in 2012 ..... this is what you get !!More goverment = less rights....WAKE UP AMERICA !!! Alaksa welcomes all who wants to be free from all the #$%$

A disarmed country allows it's leaders to seize control of your bank account. It's happening in Cyprus as we speak.

After he's done signing. I'm almost wishing another mass shooting takes place. Just to prove  that their idiotic laws did nothing to help anyone.gov. dickenpooper should be forced to have every kid in his extended family go to public school with the anchor babies he loves so much.  He would change his liberal tune REAL quick.

Colorado idiot politicians should just look at the Illinois idiot politicians for a pre view of what is to follow. Congratulations Idiots! For your complete disregard of our Constitution. Now get to work sodomizing the rest of the Constitution. You have a lot more work to do.

He better start looking for another job. Cause if signs this Bill he's as good as out.

I'll bet most of Colorado disagrees with these politicians!

The right does not belong to him to regulate or ban.  He is sighing a law that has no foundation and is forbidden by the limits the People put on the Constitution.  This is a fraud on the American People, and a crime.

Ugliest guy I have ever seen!

"Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times..."Or......the gunman could just carry more guns.

I will NEVER visit Colorado to hunt, fish or for any other reason.  And I will be donating as much money as possible to aide in seeing all these demoncrats voted out of office!!!

Hick, this is your Waterloo.

Colorado has gone to pot.And that idiot McCann had better grab your coattail because she is going to be right behind you.

This is one governor that will be out of a job next coming election.  What an IDIOT, as all of his Democratic comrades are who've thought and pass this POS Bill.  Magpul still ought to move out of Colorado.

Magpul i buy and sell your mags so i expect you to stand by your anouncement to move out of colorado also i cancled orders with other buisness in colorado

welcome to caliroado

Just because he signs it into law doesn't mean it's going to be enforced. Vote for gun rights friendly sheriffs and they can't make you do anything.

Whether it be the attack on the second amendment, the homosexual agenda, or immigration, the Republicans have no one else to blame for these other than themselves.  By supporting to war hawks for President, McCain and Romney, they guaranteed the Democrats victory.  Those victories can not be blamed on demographics, for McCain is one of the biggest sellouts on immigration.  No, 70% of the American people are tired of these Neo-con wars, plain and simple.

I tried doing an internet search of things made in Colorado because I will no longer buy ANYTHING from that state.  Fortunately, the only things I could find were Magpul and Coors.  I don't drink much alcohol and Magpul says they're leaving so I guess the only boycott I can do will be avoiding Colorado on my list of vacation places.  Oh well.  Bunch of knee jerk politicians.

i guess Colorado is turning republican in the next election...  I still cant figure out why the libertards don't all move to one location just set their own rules.  I figured it was left to the household to decide for the house, not the government to rip the rights and freedoms from its people. At least now we know who the traitors are.

Yeah, forcing someone who planned a mass shooting to switch out a magazine is really going to make a difference when they're sure to have more handy and have probably practiced swapping them out. And realistically, in a planned shooting the perp would probably illegally obtain higher round mags anyway. The person the magazine limits actually hurts is the housewife facing multiple suspects in a home invasion who probably isn't as accurate in a stressful situation. A 10 round magazine doesn't go as far as you'd think if you have multiple attackers and are bound to miss a few times because it's not like they stand still and let you shoot them like the silhouettes on the range. Gun laws only affect people who follow laws. Enjoy your higher crime rate, Colorado.

Your all getting voted out. End of story.Do not forget!!!  Vote this clown out of office and send him packing.

Thank God and praise his little boy Jesus.it's about time Democrats had the courage to declare war on guns.Soon, those guns will be just as hard to get as a sack of weed, and the problems will be solved.

Politicians like Hickenlooper and Obama love disarmed peasants.

Congrats, Governor.

Just goes to show you, Democrats have no respect for the Constitution. Arrest this traitor for treason, convict him, and let him spend the rest of his life at GITMO with all the other terrorists.

Boycott Colorado!

As usual the mass media has it wrong.   The magazine ban would ban almost ALL magazines of any capacity.  If you have a gun magazine that holds 14 or 15 rounds, it is banned as well. The law prohibits magazines that CAN BE CONVERTED to hold more than 15 rounds, not the conversion kit, the basic magazine.   Also includes tube magazines that are permanently attached to semi auto shotguns because they can be converted to hold more than 28 inches of shotgun shells.  The bill was amended from 8 rounds of shotgun shells to 28" of shotgun shells.   November 2014 can't come fast enough.

Vote him out of office and overturn the ruling. DONE!

On another note, Obama won re-election, and Obamacare was upheld by the Supreme Court.  Just thought I'd remind everyone.

Once again the Socialistic Democrats circumnavigate the 2nd amendment and force their will on the Majority of the People. Be very afraid Colorado, its only the beginning!!!!!  Remember and Vote them out next election.the Dem Rep said, "I THINK it will help keep guns away from those who shouldn't have them,"  You think?  Nice law; the sheriff's in CO have said they will not enforce the law anyway; government at its best.......Adios America

Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. "It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets." ??????? And you think someone is gonna jump him ??? Oh like he won't have a 9MM loaded..Soon very soon !!!!!! Someone is gonna go into congress and shoot the place up.....And when it happens,, They won't get any pity from me or many Americans..They always get what they have coming...

So we are down to 47 states now? 50- New York - California - Colorado.  Did I miss one?

Illegals driving cars without insurance kill more people than guns every years. All the laws against this are simply ignored or not enforced.

Remember the Democrats in November 2014.Join the NRA!

Welcome To Calirodao

Well,good Citizens of Colorado. You know what to do: VOTE ALL THEIR #$%$ OUT OF OFFICE ON ELECTION DAY!!!

Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. "It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets."It's interesting that she thinks that giving the victims a couple of seconds more of respite before they're shot to death helps, I would have just given the victims guns to defend themselves with and the mass shooting probably wouldn't even happen, period.

Now we know where the 2nd holocaust will start.

Some politicians would have us believe that so-called "high capacity" magazines are responsible for a wave of death sweeping the nation. Academic, scholarly research shows the vast majority of homicides average four shots with less than 10 shots fired. While the Aurora shooter infamously used a 100-round magazine drum, these are novelty items that are prone to jam. In fact, it did jam probably saving lives. But mass shooters don't need 100-round magazines to commit atrocity – the shooters at Virginia Tech and Columbine used 10-round magazines, they just brought a lot of them (17 and 13 respectively). James Alan Fox states mass shooters often meticulously plan their attacks in advance; a high capacity magazine ban will not deter them as Virginia Tech and Columbine illustrate.Clintons Assault Weapons ban 1994-200411/15/95 - Lynville, Tn School shooting2/2/96 - Moses Lake, Wa School shooting2/19/97 - Bethel, Ak School shooting10/1/97 - Pearl, Ms School shooting12/1/97 - West Paducah, Ky School shooting4/24/98 - Edinburg, Pa School shooting5/21/98 - Springfield, Or School shooting4/20/99 - Columbine, Co School shooting5/20/99 - Conyers, Ga School shooting11/2/99 - Honolulu, Hi Office Shooting12/26/00 - Wakefield, Ma Office Shooting3/5/01 - Santee, Ca School Shooting3/22/01 El Cajon, Ca School Shooting1/16/02 Grundy, Va College Shooting4/14/03 New Orleans, La School Shootingdid not work then will not work nowConnecticut already has an assault weapons ban, as does New York. Tell me again how that works? We have thousands of gun laws on the books from federal, state, and county And Connecticut is no# 5 on the strongest gun laws ! Is it ironic that the shooter did not use a high capacity magazine he just brought extras? And all of the shooting has been in gun free zones tell you any thing ? Politician after politician have joined the television talking heads in calling for a new “assault weapons ban” patterned after the ten-year Clinton ban that was allowed to lapse in 2004 after Justice Department and private studies concluded it had no impact whatsoever on murder and violent crime rates and had become a symbol of wrong-headed governmental attempts to restrict firearms ownership in this country.Hickenlooper just made himself a one term governor.  Now he can go to NYC and run for mayor.

Surely this whole gun crack down across the nation won't turn out to be a conspiracy to drive up gun and ammunition prices, and please don't call me Shirley.

Sherriffs are'nt going to enforce. Why participate? Colorado please ingnore your idiot politicians.

I cant believe you lied to me you s.o.b.:(........You said these laws had no chance of passing,you told me the NRA had members flooding in by the millions that would never allow this:(..You lied to me you filthy animal:(..I cannot forgive your lie:(

If you think a theater filled with unarmedpeople against a lone CRAZY gunmanIs scary, imagine a disarmed populaceAgainst a tyrannical government

Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.”~Plato

That awkward moment when your NobelPeace prize-winning President won’t promiseNOT TO KILLUS citizens ?Martin Luther King: I HAVE A DREAM...Obama: I HAVE A DRONE...

Obama's 'universal background checks' are for the law-abiding citizens, not for Chicago gang leaders and crooked politicians.

When injustice becomes law,rebellion becomes duty

I think that "Magpul Industries" needs to seek business elsewhere. There are a lot of southern states that will welcome them with open arms.I hope Magpul does leave the state. Magpul has been screwed by the U.S. Government with the contracts being dropped. Lawenforcement reneged on purchases of supplies and equipment Magpul offered. High Cap Mags would not be offered to the people if the contracts were honored. I like the 2 face State and Federal Congress' act. On one hand you ( Law Abiding Citizen) are not allowed to buy certain things, while the other hand says, " Buy American. Support U.S. Companies."

Alcoholic Fool!

To the second amendment, law-abidibg citizens of Colorado:  What the (bleep) happened to your state?  It has been californicated!  Remember those who voted against your right to bear arms by voting them out of office.  Watch for the UN treaty which will restrict your second amendment rights and violate the Sovereignty of this country.  Be aware; losing your second amendment right is the first step in losing all your rights.

well it won't be long and the'll outlaw swimming pools, trampolines, and anything else they deem a danger.  It's not what the citizens think anymore it's what they can do to stay in office and get votes.

The landmark Heller decision affirmed that the 2A protects all firearms "in common use."  What could be more commonly used than the Glock 17, which accepts 17 rounds?  This mag limit law is unconstitutional.  It will be challenged, it will be struck down, and the Hick that signed it will be booted out.

Why do politicians like this go after the law abiding citizen and treat them like criminals instead of going after the criminals?

So many led by the clueless..stop the medicinal glaucoma treatment and be sober and read a little before you vote next time!

Yeah, because im sure that criminals wont be able to get there hands on hi cap mags in the neighboring state... Laws DO NOT apply to criminals, just law abiding citizens...

THE FACTS ABOUT BAVKGROUND CHECKSBackground checks are already done on every firearm purchase madethrough an  FFL dealer which includes all retail stores and FFl  dealers atall gun  shows. All internet or mail purchases must be shipped first to anFFL dealer for a background check before the customer can take possessionof the firearm. In Texas if you buy more than one firearm at a time theSheriff in the county where you live is notified by law . Currently thereis no permanent record of that background check or what kind of firearmwas purchased. So if I bought a firearm at one store and immediatelywalked across the street and bought another firearm at another storeI would have to go through another background check. What GUN OWNERSare AGAINST is the new laws want to make the background check and thefirearm purchased a permanent record which constitutes REGISTRATION.Registration is the first step to confiscation and IT AIN’T GONNA HAPPEN!The only concession I would be willing to make is to have background ckeckson private owner sales at gun shows as long as it stays the same as it is nowwith no permanent record kept.

Well all of you  freedom loving, constitutional voters in Colorado can come out in the next election and show your that state really hasn't been taken over by liberals!This bellow should tell you something. They don't even believe their own BS. I would hate for people to loose their job's. But I hope Magpul tells CO right where to go!"Democrats tried to ease the concerns from Magpul Industries, saying the company can still manufacture higher-capacity magazines if they were sold out of state."

The Governor of Colorado is soon to be looking for work.

I guess these people are above the  laws of this Country and put them self's in charge of the people that have no right's ?

I guess these people are above the  laws of this Country and put them self's in charge of the people that have no right's ?

Magpul, you can still manufacture all you want here, we love collecting the taxes that you generate! Why don't they just come out and say that. Hey Colorado, welcome to the crime statistics of Chicago, D.C., NYC, California, and NJ. Be proud of yourselves.

Well people move to CO so they can molest children, smoke dope and make $8.50 and hour. Crime will increase and judicial system will be clogged with pointless and frivolous cases. More Federal money will be needed to straighten out the mess growing government even more. However, the sheriff has already spit in the governors face and said he is not going to enforce the law. If I were a resident, I would be backing the sheriff. After all, when you need help, the governor does not show up at your house.

I really mean it. TIme to put in for tags.  I have decided I will not support Colorado.  Spread the word,  NO HUNTING IN COLORADO this year.  It will ruin them.

SAUSAGE WASHER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Just another publicity Monger......... I think the country and states are run  a bunch of pu*&amp;y's.

Lets face it folks; These politicians are out to disarm the American public. Why you might ask... They fear those that think and also those that try to uphold the Constitution as it infringes on their grasp of power. If Magpul does leave, and I seriously doubt they will, I will follow. This state I live in is equally stupid. It isn't about magazine capacity but about criminals. In the 20 minutes it took police to arrive in Sandy Hook, a 6 shot revolver with a good shooter could have made the numbers far higher. These people want to disarm law abiding Americans. It is nothing more than that.Hickenlooper is a communist noob just like all the communist Progressives that the communist Liberals elect.

Just because he signs it into law doesn't mean it's going to be enforced. Vote for gun rights friendly sheriffs and they can't make you do anything.

We will be sending all these fools back to California in 2014.

'Other Democratic gun control proposals still pending in the state Legislature include a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes'  What this means is of some crazed biatch calls the police and accuses you of threatening her, without any proof, your guns are gone regardless of the fact that the whole thing may very well be a lie.  The level of aggression displayed by liberal democrats must never be forgotten.  They are making war on good Americans and should be responded to in kind.

The guns the founding fathers spoke of, single shot muskets were the best and the worst guns they had. THEY WERE THE ONLY GUNS!

Please tell Rep. Beth McCann that semi-automatic rifles DO NOT SPRAY BULLETS!!! Stop distorting the facts!!!

Billy Bob@ what's next is people demanding the right to marry their pets.  Think that's crazy?  We thought legal gay marriage was crazy 25 years ago.

If it looks like Hitler, sounds like Hitler, it is Hitler.

Bloody fool.

Kudos to the local counties and cities who have already passed resolutions that any law that infringes on the 2nd amendment will NOT be enforced in our communities!Small rural communities and civil disobedience!I wonder if it makes the governer and all his democrats feel like big men to wipe their butts with the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.  Next election you're all going to be asking "what happened, why were we voted out of office"?  You are all liars, two-faced back stabbers and traitors.   Douchbags.

Magpul  come to Florida.The weather is great and we could use the jobs.I think alot of people will be leaving Colorado

Colorado must be getting a lot of the nutty libs that leave California to avoid the high taxes and goofy laws they, themselves (the libs) have heaped on the "left coast." How else can you explain why the Rocky Mountain state has slipped into insanity?

"Everybody must get Stoned!"And give up your guns, mags, etc.,...Well done colorado! Or is it now Calirado?Liberalism is a disease that can only be eradicated through extermination...

notice repubuicans not saying when hey run for office they will repeal the new laws / if anything laying down like puppy dogs

Congresswoman Admits That A Handgun Ban Is NextIn a interview by Jason Mattera, Rep. Jan Schakowsky admits that this is just the start of the gun grabbers agenda and a handgun ban is next. These leftists are really devious the way they hide there goals until they have the votes to push forward in their “change” agenda

shouldn’t CRIMINAL control be more important than gun control?So Mr President I hear you want to control GunsSure would be nice if you could control spending

What had better scare of all of us 2nd ammendment rights loving Americans more than this fool vote is that the United States Government has purchased 1.6 billion rounds of hollow point ammunitiion by the Department of Homeland Security.  By most expert estimations, this is enough handgun ammunition for a 100 year war.  They have also purchased 2,700 armored vehicles and have them in storage.  They are not depolying any of this equipment or ammo to the borders and the military does not use hollow point ammunition.  At the same time several states are considering on putting taxes (sin taxes) on ammumition.  They are proposing a tax from as low as .02 cents per cartridge to as much as .50 cents per cartridge.  This is not a joke.  Look it up.  Ask yourself this question,  " Why would the government need 1.6 billion rounds of handgun ammunition, 2,700 armored vehicles?  Do you now believe the statement by Obama that," If I can't control the guns,  I'll control the ammunition."  If you don't your blind or a liberal democrat.  If you do believe, ask yourself why you cannot get reloading supplies like primers, powder, and bullets.  Hell you can't even find bullet molds or, lead pots, or lead ignots.  Biden said he wanted us to use shotguns as self defense weapons.  Funny you can go anywhere and get shotgun shells, primers, shotgun powders, and hulls.  Go check any reloading supply company and you will see the truth yourself.

Whatever happened to "the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed"

Hey man I ain't worried about guns where do I get some good pot?I hope he is signing up for unemployment at the same time along with his traitor conspirators.Make record setting sensable #$%$ legislation then turn around and sell out your constituents for Obummer and that numbskull Biden. Clean house!

Legalize Pot &amp; Outlaw Guns...  #$%$???

NOT CONSTITUTIONAL YOU MORON!

Colorado use to be a free state.  That is until ex Californians, after making that state unlivable, started moving in.

Revolution time, Colorado. A true patriot wants both guns and weed legal.

I thank GOD every single day for letting me live in the gun clinging South without any moonbats to bother me.

No one will follow the new laws and they will not be enforced. A waste of tax payers money for the government to say what the people can own. What a waste of our rights.

This govenor is a typical politition. He lets emotion speak for him and continues not to listen to the people who elected him. We will see if he is elected again?.

Let's see: Criminals get guns thru the black market, which recognized no established law.  Criminals will still get guns thru the black market, which still recognizes no established law.Dear Gov. Idiot of Colorado, are you seeing a pattern yet?  I never arrested a criminal with a gun that said, "If I'd known it was illegal, I wouldn't possess it".    You are just as delusional as Sen. Dianne Frankenstein, Mayor Doomberg, and the rest of the idiot posse.

When is that moron up for election again? The true Americans in Colorado better get him out Quick !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I wonder what will happen the first time someone is actually arrested for ONLY having a mag larger than 15 rounds? Hello big #$%$ lawsuit for Colorado! It's sad, otherwise CO is a cool state.

Making good people helpless doesn't make bad people harmless. Gun laws only keep  guns away from citizens. A man who won't stand for anything, will bow to everything.

Several people, including President Obama have stated that 40% of guns were bought via "gun show loopholes." This is not true. For one, the term "gun show loophole" implies that people are deviously getting around something when in actuality; it is just selling personal private property and is not illegal or nefarious. Additionally, private sales may not actually occur at a gun show at all. More important than loose terminology is that this claim is based on a study from 1994 of 251 people. The Washington Post evaluated this claim with the study's original authors and says the president distorted the truth. The actual range is 14-22% with a plus or minus error margin of 6%. This means the final accurate range of this study is as low as 8%, but no more than 28%; neither figure is 40%. Further, it's implied that closing private sales would solve the issue of criminals obtaining guns; it doesn't. It fails to address illegal trafficking and straw man purchases. A Department of Justice study indicates that 78.8% of criminals get guns from friends or family (39.6%) or from the street/illegally (39.2%). To this point, the FBI states there are 1.2 million gang members in U.S. and that gangs illegally traffic guns as addition to narcotics.

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks.well i for one am glad she is paid to "think" lol wow. really? she really thinks that? WOW colorado u really need to take ur state back from those cali hippies, like right MEOW!!!

This is like the old saying "closing the barn door after the horse gets out".Still treating the symptoms instead of the disease.Until the underlying cause is addressed these things will continue to happen.WE NEED CRIMINAL CONTROL NOT GUN CONTROLshouldn’t CRIMINAL control be more important than gun control?Obama thinks that peeing in the wind works...I'd bet that those cartels didn't get background checks; right Eric?

Mark Kelly: Congress should act to limit the sale of assault weaponsBut he went to a gun shop to get one?And He tells every one he just wanted to show how easy it was to get one?But it has been 10 days he still don’t have one ? How is this easy?May be he needs to go see Eric ??

Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper is nothing but a filthy rotten lowdown racsist bigot prick. It is a historically proven fact the first gun control laws to be passed were sucessfully put into effect by former slave plantation owners after the Civil War. The plantation owners and former slave traders did not prevent blacks from legally owning firearms.Gun Control - Historical Facts:In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control. From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.In 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915 to 1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Germany established gun control in 1938 and from 1939 to 1945, a total of 13 million Jews and others who were unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminated.China established gun control in 1935. From 1948 to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminated.Guatemala established gun control in 1964. From 1964 to 1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Uganda established gun control in 1970. From 1971 to 1979, 300,000 Christians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Cambodia established gun control in 1956. From 1975 to 1977, one million educated people, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in the 20th Century because of gun control: 56 million.You won’t see this data on the US evening news, or hear politicians disseminating this information.Guns in the hands of honest citizens save lives and property and, yes, gun-control laws adversely affect only the law-abiding citizens.Take note my fellow Americans, before it’s too late.The next time someone talks in favor of gun control, please remind them of this history lesson.

I wonder if Ol' Buffalo Bill is turning in his grave high on the mountain over Denver ..no more useless gun control laws..more effective criminal control!..I hope all those Sheriff's out on Colorado stand their ground and don't waffle under political pressure. They know this is all BS and so do all of us they can see past the knee jerk political reactions.

Hey Folks we need to show these morons how wrong they are.  The major industry in Colorado is tourism.   Just simple choose to go somewhere else for you snow vacation and maybe these idiots will get with the program..

In 1969, journalist William Safire asked Richard Nixon what he thought about gun control. "Guns are an abomination," Nixon replied. According to Safire, Nixon went on to confess that, "Free from fear of gun owners' retaliation at the polls, he favored making handguns illegal and requiring licenses for hunting rifles."It was President George Bush, Sr. who banned the import of "assault weapons" in 1989, and promoted the view that Americans should only be allowed to own weapons suitable for "sporting purposes."It was Governor Ronald Reagan of California who signed the Mulford Act in 1967, "prohibiting the carrying of firearms on one's person or in a vehicle, in any public place or on any public street." The law was aimed at stopping the Black Panthers, but affected all gun owners.Twenty-four years later, Reagan was still pushing gun control. "I support the Brady Bill," he said in a March 28, 1991 speech, "and I urge the Congress to enact it without further delay."you're a BI_CH, mike!  I HOPE that the Good Folks of Colorado dump this TRAITOR into the sewer...just mentioning!

Whats next confiscation?

The blood that is sure to follow will be on Gov Hickenlooper and the Dem's hands!

Finally a governor with some backbone. Good job Governor Hickenlooper.

Well, I'll add Colorado to the list of states that I will not ever visit again along with NY(due to ridiculous gun laws and overzealous egotistical politicians...Bloomburg, California due to crazy officials like Feinstein &amp; Pelosi, and Illinois (at least the pot of corruption Chicago)...I'll be spending my vacations and money in states like Texas, Florida and other gun friendly areas....I liked Colorado...I hate to see it come to this...At least your sheriff's have stated they won't support such crazy laws...and Hopefully the sane people in Colorado vote those useless anti-American politicians out of office in the next election.

Yeah, because im sure that criminals wont be able to get there hands on hi cap mags in the neighboring state... Laws DO NOT apply to criminals, just law abiding citizens...

Yeah, because im sure that criminals wont be able to get there hands on hi cap mags in the neighboring state... Laws DO NOT apply to criminals, just law abiding citizens...

Congrats - You have officially become Colofornia. I like you native Coloradans, but you shoulld have been paying more attention who you let in the state. Pot legal, and guns illegal, kind of shows what the Colorado Dems consider really important in their lives.

Whether you like gun control or not, it was only a matter of time until this passed. Columbine and Aurora happened there. It must have the people of Colorado on edge.

Are we talking about Colorado here?  Sure isn't the same state I used to live in...then again, a bunch of Californians swooped in and bought up property after we left ...so I guess they should have seen this coming.We hyave a new state the state of Kolorado

You coloradans that allow this type of crap to run your government need a good kick in the arse and then they sopuld send you to common sense school because somwhere along the way you lost yours

Vote them liberal democrats out next election, everyone who voted for this nonsense.  Beth McCann doesn't know anything about firearms for sure.  How do people like these get voted into office ?

he is a one term governor now and these laws will be overturned on legal basis.

He better start looking for another job. Cause if signs this Bill he's as good as out.

"Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper will sign legislation Wednesday...marking a Democratic victory..."We'll see about that, come election time. There are gonna be a LOT of unemployed Democrats, shortly. They've ignored the will of the people. Therefore they're finished. Might as well go ahead and start a job search."Democrats tried to ease the concerns from Magpul Industries, saying the company can still manufacture higher-capacity magazines if they were sold out of state."That is proof positive that their decision to sign those laws into effect had NOTHING to do with trying to preventing ANYTHING. If they were genuinely concerned with mass-shootings and honestly believed reducing magazine capacity would help, they wouldn't want Magpul to keep making hi-cap mags and selling them out of state.This was CLEARLY feel-good legislation. Democrats just wanted to be able to say that they did SOMETHING, even though they know it will do NOTHING. You're fired.

Sign the recall.  Change dot org and search higenlooper recall.  This just got started and need 447k  more signatures.

Will this lower the crime rate???   NO!!!

"Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper will sign legislation Wednesday...marking a Democratic victory..."We'll see about that, come election time.  There are gonna be a LOT of unemployed Democrats, shortly.  They've ignored the will of the people.  Therefore they're finished.  Might as well go ahead and start a job search."Democrats tried to ease the concerns from Magpul Industries, saying the company can still manufacture higher-capacity magazines if they were sold out of state."That is proof positive that their decision to sign those laws into effect had NOTHING to do with trying to preventing ANYTHING.  If they were genuinely concerned with mass-shootings and honestly believed reducing magazine capacity would help, they wouldn't want Magpul to keep making hi-cap mags and selling them out of state.This was CLEARLY feel-good legislation.  Democrats just wanted to be able to say that they did SOMETHING, even though they know it will do NOTHING.  You're fired.

Good luck enforcing that new law, Gov. John Obama-Wannabe. Does this mean that I won't be able to buy a 6-pack of RPG's at my local Colorado gun store anymore? Dang!Good thing I can still buy all the handguns and ammo I want. Way to solve the gun problem in your state. Hope you have a new job lined up for when you're voted out of office.  &lt;sarcasm&gt;Blooper by Hickenlooper.....time for Coloradans to vote someone in to overturn that mistake.

Hickenpooper is probably sleeping with Rhonda Fields.

I can't wait to see the results of this great new law.  If the gun violence doesn't go down will they repeal the law?

Thank God for the government they fix everything &amp; make it better,oh yea no they dont ,,&amp; you people that think they want get re-elected sure they will because voters are ignorant only believe what the media tells them

Criminals, bums, welfare cheats, overwhelmingly vote Democrat. There were no Romney bumper stickers on any of the cars in NYC, South Central LA, South Side of Chicago, and Oakland, used in drive by shootings. Guns don't kill people. Democrats kill people. Ban Democrats, save lives.

And the cost of a background check in Colorado will be approximately equal to the cost of buying a new car.

It seems that our country has it own plans, not what the people want, what the government wants.

A pen in the hand of this presidentIs far more dangerous then a gunIn the hands of 200 millionLaw-abiding citizens!!!

There's no account for stupid!

I am still in shock that the people of CO are standing for such oppression!  The legal pot was just to get them to not notice they are losing their RKBA as if it means nothing. Stupid people of CO! WAKE UP and say no and vote these and your fed reps out before you lose more of your rights to idiots.. What else is CO going to let Aurora shooter take from them! For the deeds of one evil man, you have turned on your countrymen and constitution, you get what you vote for! Vote them out~I will refuse to buy MAGPUL until they pull out of the state of CO.  Tapco, DD, many other manufactures can supply these magazines.  I do support MAGPUL leaving CO for any other state.

All those libtards in the metro areas are just #$%$ in the face of the rest of the whole state.. This is what happens when you are tolerant enough of stupid people that you let them take over

Sheriff Speaks Out Against Democrat ThreatsThis is intimidation by the left, pure and simple. On 740 AM KVOR radio Friday morning Sheriff Terry Maketa stated, in short, that the Sheriffs of Colorado are being threatened, extorted and blackmailed for speaking up for our 2nd amendment rights. According to the sheriff, the threats are being initiated by the Democratic party.

That awkward moment when your NobelPeace prize-winning President won’t promiseNOT TO KILLUS citizens ?Martin Luther King: I HAVE A DREAM...Obama: I HAVE A DRONE...

This is the granddaddy lie We Need More Laws:This is the granddaddy lie. We already have a lot of laws. It's illegal to kill your mom, steal a gun, take that gun onto school property, forcibly break and enter, and murder kids. We already have laws preventing mentally ill &amp; felons from obtaining guns, and we have a background check system (NICS). The Sandy Hook shooter was denied to legally purchase a gun because of the NICS system. We tried a federal assault weapons ban (AWB) before. What we do need is better enforcement of existing laws. Congress has not fully funded NICS. Many states do not fully report felony and mental health data to NICS. The Justice Department only prosecutes a fraction of those who criminally falsify background check forms. We desperately need to engage in genuine discussion about real solutions to the violence problem. These solutions are not likely to yield instantaneous results, or win the next election cycle; yet it is what we would do if we were serious about addressing the issue. The underlying causes include: gang activity, which accounts for 48-90% of violent crime depending on jurisdiction; drug abuse, the single biggest predictor of violence with-or-without mental illness; concentrated urban population and poverty; and mental illness, including de-institutionalization, treatment and intervention, and other facets of mental health.

Why any one needs a AR-15 with a 30 rounds of ammo?Why dos any one needs more then one square of toilet paper ?(S)(H)(!)(T) HAPPENS !

Obama's 'universal background checks' are for the law-abiding citizens, not for Chicago gang leaders and crooked politicians.

There must not be an IQ test to be governor of Colorado.

Our company cancelled an order today for well over a 100k in equipment, which we had planned on purchasing from a company located in Colorado ... At present It remains our prerogative where we spend money and it will not be in Colorado, nor several other states.

I was thinking of moving west to colorado or idaho where members of my family reside.   colorado has been eliminatedIt is time to ignore their laws against our 2nd amendment rights..They have won nothing..I know where I stand, a Believer, an American, and grateful to be a part of what the Lord has blessed me with. May I never denounce him or turn and run like a coward from the enemies of the USA, foreign and domestic. And if I die watching this great country falling to an enemy of freedom. May the last word that comes from my mouth be, CHARGE !!!

Hickenlooper FOAD A$$hole.

3 Recalls were announce as well today.... The President of the Colorado State Senate John Morse being one.  These recalls are a shot acrossed the bow of these legislators who have pushed this shoddy legislation even though it has been proven to be poorly written and unenforcable.  Morse who barely won his District by 340 votes will likely not survive a recall election even though he obvioulsy has been promised National help to fight any recall to ignore his constituency per his statements to Rachel Maddow....   Almost all County Sheriffs in Colorado condemned the legislation as well.  It's surprising that Hickenlooper would not listen to such council and must have been heavily lobbied by Washington to ignore the absolute Frenzy of messages, email, phone calls and press.....to the tune of litterally 10's of thousands of Coloradians clammering for him to Veto the legislation.....

I have read through quite a few comments and have yet to see anyone who has said what I have been thinking since this mess came up, a while back.  It should be obvious to most anyone that the Feds are wanting to transform Colorado into "DC West" or maybe something worse.  One thing the Feds fear at all levels is free citizens being armed.  They absolutely detest that idea.  I wonder how much Federal (tax) money has gone to line pockets of Colorado legislators and the governor for their efforts to make CO a gun-unfriendly state.

My friends and I will not be traveling to Colorado to spend our hard earned cash this year.    We've hunted there every fall for twenty plus years but no more.  At least not until they come to their senses and repeal this law. I don't like to hurt the good people I've done business with there but the California transplants are ruining the State. I've been keeping close tabs on this issue and expected the worst so I've booked this year in Wyoming and saved $979.00 dollars apiece.  Those kinds of savings won't last as I expect to see an influx of hunters also dissatisfied with Colorados Progressive polititions.

We will see how the voters in Colorado really feel about this legislation during the next election.

The laws our forefathers created were meant to create peace and dignity. They were meant to give safety, and provide validation of God and his wisdom, and protect all men.These sleazy democrats will trash that concept for their own shallow meaninglessness. War is the only solution to tyranny.

There have already been 4 elected sheriffs in Colorado that have publicly stated they would not enforce these laws, so why in the world is the Governor signing them! These are clearly unconstitutional laws and in my opinion should not be obeyed by anyone who believes in the constitution!!

Come to Michigan Magpul, we will give you free land, tax abatements, and skilled workers. Screw Colorado, another state I will never visit or spend a penny of my money in.

It's not a matter of if but rather a matter of when. Colorado like many other states that will follow suit have to pass appropriate gun legislation before federal leglistature takes presidence. As a case and point, if you look at the cartridge count, Colorado has increased the minimum to what the manufacturers initially intended on certain firearms. By not acting and waiting, the federal restrictions will get far worse before they get better. Get behind your state legislature and pass reasonable firearm restrictions and their will be no need for federal mandates.A maniac criminal will say, Dang I can not put more than 10 or 15 round in my magazine or I can not not use a mag that hold more that 15 rounds? That is why they are  called criminals they will not obey this law! So how ill reduce causalities in mass shootings? So even if for some hypothetical reason a criminals could not get a magazine that held more than 15 rounds, it only takes only about a second to change out mags, not enough time in most scenarios to take down or tackle  a maniac! What will work is tying mental health records into background checks! And the thing about so called universal background check it will not include guns that were stolen by criminal or purchased on the black market so how truly can it be  universal background check? A universal background check can only truly work with a gun registration of all guns which in history always leads to gun confiscation!

As a Californian who has seen my state get taken over by crazy people and my second amendment rights disappear before my very eyes, all I can say is, "Colorado, welcome to the Republic comrades."

Wow! It amazes me that NO ONE is addressing the real problem.... mental health. ANYONE with a pea for a brain when looking at pictures of the shooters could say " eh hes ok".  One thinks hes the joker from batman. Gabby giffords shooter has a insane gaze. Brilliant! Now gov. Looneylooper enjoy cuz you wont be gov for long. Maybe magpul will let ya clean toilets!  When does it end?

You sir, just signed your own pink slip.

Aren't we sick of hearing the word CONTROL from the mouth of the government YET!!

Just one of the many reasons why I didn't vote for him and will vote against him next time around.

escape the state government tyranny...move to a state that has gun laws you like. to vote with your feet is to take advantage of the most powerful type of vote there is.

"Gun Control" is a euphemism for freedom reduction. The land of the not as free as we used to be and the home of the scared.

The problem that needs to be taken care of is the issue of mental illness that all of these people had not attacking in all of the recent shootings every single person had a mental issue a gun needs someone behind it guess I won't be going to your state any time soon to hunt

Lets see, republicans have passed a whole bunch of state level bills in the past 4 years, and a heck of a lot of them were taken to the supreme court and had many aspects of them deemed unconstitutional and were blocked.  If these laws are unconstitutional, they can go through the same process.The stupid government don't relize they are just ganna start a war and its dumbos fault we need him out how bout we get rid. Of all government. Sounds good to me

Fluke 'em!

God, so sorry, these Gov people or Gov's (even) are so , so , very stupid, and ignorant. Do the People of America really think a CRIMINAL is going to get a Background Check ? Darn, Gov people , Get, off your dead As and get. out in the real world... How Stupid and a total waist of Tax payer Money , for Stupidity ..Vote everyone of these LAME As Ol's  out of office. They have NO since at all .

perhaps the govenor would be more comfortable living in another country without the constitution of america.pesky bill of rights and all.

Canada recently got rid of its costly "long-gun" registry for rifles in part because the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Chiefs of Police could not provide a single example in which tracing was of more than peripheral importance in solving a gun murder.

The 10th amendment was written to limit the federal government, they only have the power given them by the constitution and unless limited by the constitution the states and/or the people than have the power otherwise. This limits the federal power to tax for only 3 things Defense, debt and the general Welfare of the US.The federal government can not inflict laws on the states that is why we have laws in some and not in others when it comes to gun laws !

Obama's 'universal background checks' are for the law-abiding citizens, not for Chicago gang leaders and crooked politicians.'Gun-control' hypocrites like Obama and Sen. Diane Feinstein didn't hesitate for a moment to exploit the Horror of Sandy Hook, just to advance their radical, selfish agenda.With their liberal media allies, Obama and Feinstein are now telling the tale about how 'universal background checks' are totally reasonable.After all who could possibly want criminals and 'whack-jobs' to own guns?But this is a lie.A criminal would never subject themselves to a 'universal background check', just so they can legally get a gun to hold-up the corner liquor store.

well mr govener. welcome to the supream court and countless lawsuits from the NRA. Dont blame us when your taxpayers complain about the millions of court cost because you signed an illegal piece of paper.

Extremly upset I crossed party lines and voted for the man I thought was best for the job, never again

This solves nothing. As per usual, the government fails miserably.Passing a law is one thing, enforcing the law is quite another.

Ha ha ha, you people are stupid following laws others have written just for you.

I'm from Texas,  I used to love to go to Colorado every year to hunt in the winter and fish in the summer.  I will tell you this.  Magpul is welcome in Texas.  Magpul employees, you are welcome in Texas.  We have good schools, low taxes, no income taxes and we will treat you and your company well.  I feel very sorry for you decent law abiding citizens of Colorado.  It is a shame and a disgrace that fine people should suffer the indiginces of a state goverment like you have.  You need a boat load true Kick #$%$ Politicans like we just elected.  TED Cruz and John Cornyn would never have let this stand.  Your governor is a traitor and has committed Treason against the Constitution he has sworn to defend,  just like all the liberals who are trying to do away with the second ammendment.  I think all sportsmen like men should boycott all the hunting leases, gun shops, all the hunting licsense, fishing license, resturants, motels, outfitters, dude ranches, and ski resorts until these fools are prosecuted and brought to trial.  I will never be back to Colorado, I can hunt New Mexico and West texas and kill anything they have in Colorado.  Arkansas has great Trout Fishing and hunting.  The only thing worthwhile hunting in Colorado was the scenery anyway.  I used to love Coors Beer and still do but I'll never buy another bottle.  Follow my lead fellow sportsman,  it is time to send these fools a lesson in economic chaos.

You anti gun libs are seriously freakin idiots.  It's a feel good law.  That's all

Strange only 5% of the population supports gun control...yet our "elected representatives" continue to do the opposite of popular demand and desire.Almost like they have a agenda, one that is contrary to the wishes of the people.Keep taking it laying down, so far non resistance and conformity has amounted to our present state of affairs, might be time to do something...like wake up.

this man is trash.treason if he signs the bill .

And with that, I raise a middle finger to him!!

traitors to the oaths they took!

Are we talking about Colorado here?  Sure isn't the same state I used to live in...then again, a bunch of Californians swooped in and bought up property after we left ...so I guess they should have seen this coming.

Lynch those politicians  who do not uphold the constitutionPrivate party gun sales will require background checks?  That's too funny....it'll never happen....

Two tier solution... 1) Quit electing Liberals! 2) Quit raising mamby pamby little brats who will vote for someone because they feel good about them!

did they put in their budget enough money to put up road-blocks on all the roads leading into the state to search for 'illegal' weapons and these high capacity magazines?    how many idiot women sit in that legislature?    women let their hearts overwhelm their brains.

They will all be thrown out in the next election.  They better celebrate their short term victory and plan on a new occupation.

did they put in their budget enough money to put up road-blocks on all the roads leading into the state to search for 'illegal' weapons and these high capacity magazines?    how many idiot women sit in that legislature?    women let their hearts overwhelm their brains.

Hey Hickendooper and supporters: Made/Produced in Colorado is already being boycotted, people aren't buying what you have, and you just lost all out of state hunters. Hope you like being Kalifornia'd.

Dear government beauracrats: YOU CAN'T LEGISLATE SANITY!!! An over-abundance of INsanity is the only thing that fueled these shootings.

So, anyone with an XDm or Glock 15+ mags will now be criminals. All Pmags and 30 rounders for AR's, too. Just wait... This is only the beginning. Next they will decide this isn't enough and they will go the NY "SAFE" act route and lower it to 7... Guess what comes after 7?

Clearly, if these democrats had a brain, they would know, NONE of these measure serve to do anything to curb violence, but to serve their other agenda, eventual complete ban. With these laws  put into effect and maintaining of gun free defenseless zones still inplace, its not question of will there be another mass shooting, but when. At that point, they will once again scream to have more gun limits, to the eventual destruction of the 2nd amendment.See in 2014 and 2016, this comes from a previous democrat supporter, if you made me rethink about my support, How many more are doing the same?

"Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper will sign legislation Wednesday...marking a Democratic victory..."We'll see about that, come election time.  There are gonna be a LOT of unemployed Democrats, shortly.  They've ignored the will of the people.  Therefore they're finished.  Might as well go ahead and start a job search."Democrats tried to ease the concerns from Magpul Industries, saying the company can still manufacture higher-capacity magazines if they were sold out of state."That is proof positive that their decision to sign those laws into effect had NOTHING to do with trying to preventing ANYTHING.  If they were genuinely concerned with mass-shootings and honestly believed reducing magazine capacity would help, they wouldn't want Magpul to keep making hi-cap mags and selling them out of state.This was CLEARLY feel-good legislation.  Democrats just wanted to be able to say that they did SOMETHING, even though they know it will do NOTHING.  You're fired.John Alois Schicklgruber - Gun Registry next-Zieg Heil....

STUPID&lt; STUPID&lt; STUPID New LAWS will do nothing to stop the killings.... It will just make every civilians a prisoner.

Adam Lanza had a spreadsheet that he used to plan his murders.  Let's ban spreadsheets.

Yeah, because im sure that criminals wont be able to get there hands on hi cap mags in the neighboring state... Laws DO NOT apply to criminals, just law abiding citizens...

I thought Colorado was a very pro gun state. What's going on over there?? Incredible!

As long as law enforcement officials follows thru on their promise not to enforce the law, the law is mute.  Governor Hickenlooper is loopy and a Obama crone.

Another sure proof the DEMOCRAPS are TOTAL IDIOT'S the reasoning for this law will do nothing to stop another mass shooting or criminals getting guns.  I'm so damn tired of "FEEL GOOD LAWS"  than don't do a damn bit of good other than take away our Constitutional Rights.  It's time to start a Revolt against all Governments -- Federal and State.

Now in Colorado, we get to spend our money on our police, not to go after armed robbers, murderers, and drug dealers, but to go after the nortorious King of the Crooks, the man with a 15 round clip who has never broken a law until now. I feel so much safer.

Criminals don't follow the law, this will only restrict citizens that follow the law.... it other words, no effect on criminals

The guns people were allowed to own in the 18th century, when the second amendment was passed,  were the the exact weapons issued to the army.  In other words: assault weapons. Your an idiot @LeagleBeagle.If you can pass a background check, these laws shouldn't bother you.  Looks like there might be a few people here that are afraid of that?

It's now time to be heard at the ballot box. EVERYONE that voted for this bill to pass SHOULD NOT be  re-elect to office when their time runs out. They should make a list of the elected officials that voted for this PUBLIC so everyone knows who should NOT be RE-ELECTED back into office. Then maybe the politicians will listen to their Citizens.

Texas born and raised!!!

Next election democrats will be voted out  of political office

who will enforce these laws-----no body!!!!!!!

every state where their legislators do this ought to immediatly call for that persons resignation.   NO retirement NO pension.  These gun grabbers have obviously NEVER read the 2nd ammendment.  They just do what obozo in washington tell them to do.

As a liberal, it's fun to read all the rants from the lunatic fringe.

Man dies after shooting at Oklahoma City gun rangeA man was reported shot in the head at an Oklahoma City gun range Monday afternoon, police said

"In December, a telephone survey of 905 Coloradans by Keating Research found that 80 percent agreed with expanded background checks and 61 percent supported magazine limits." If you believe in states rights you have to applaud. The MOST conservative justice on the US Supreme Court, Scalia said in an interview with Fox " the Second Amendment leaves open the possibility of gun-control legislation,"

colo. gun owners   need   clips that hold lots of bullits  makes it easyier to see how many bullit holes you put in road side signs as they speed by themAmendment 2 boycotters really hurt Colorado too. Bwaaaaaaaaahaaaaaaahaahahahaahaha.

“Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times “Show me the study that proves this?   They just made that up, and it’s not even true.  And why should we care?   The chance of you being in a mass shooting is almost zero.  The chance of you being killed in a car accident because you had a seat belt on is much higher, and I bet you still wear your seat belt anyway.

One more state I will never visit.

This universal back ground checks nonsense is all about a national gun registry. That is the very first step that has to be taken for the government to get to an eventual weapon confiscation program.

“ Gun Owners need to Compromise “??1934 - National Firearms Act1968 - The Gun Control Act1986 - Firearms Owners Protection Act1993 - Brady Hand Gun ViolenceAct1994 - “Assault Weapons” Ban1995 - Gun Free School Zone ActWE HAVE COMPROMISED ENOUGHNo More Infringements

The Supreme Court agrees:"In regard to the argument that only those arms in existence in the 18th century are protected by the Second Amendment, the United States Supreme Court does not interpret constitutional rights that way. Just as the First Amendment protects modern forms of communications and the Fourth Amendment applies to modern forms of search, the Second Amendment extends, prima facie, to all instruments that constitute bearable arms, even those that were not in existence at the time of the founding. (Scalia, J., joined by Roberts, Ch. J., and Kennedy, Thomas, and Alito, JJ.)"- Supreme Court Decision in Heller vs. District of ColumbiaAlso in the Heller decision the SCOTUS states that the Second Amendment does “guarantee the individual right to possess and carry weapons in case of confrontation. This meaning is strongly confirmed by the historical background of the Second Amendment. We look to this because it has always been widely understood that the Second Amendment, like the First and Fourth Amendments, codified a pre-existing rightThe constitution of the united states America !! is the law of the land .And a state law can not over ride the constitution !

Our Constitution is the bill of rights not the bill of needs .The Constitution was written to give rights to the people"."They wrote the Constitution to limit the government's power over us".The constitution was written by our for fathers be for we had a government not after !{We the people } And the first ten amendments was by James Madison &amp;Thomas Jefferson

Well, I hope he enjoyed his time in the spotlight. He will be unemployed soon enough.

He won't be gov. much longer.

The governor is a Hypocrite!  How can he say it's ok to manufacture large cap magazines as long as they are sold out of state.  Wake up America.Rep Rhonda Fields House bill 1224 (High capacity mag) sponsered by her and her thoughtsas to what it will do, as a way to  justifiy it are a Big LIE. Let me quote another supporter of gun control. "The great masses of the people will more easily fall victim to a big lie, than to a small one"  by Adolf Hitler  Mein Kamph. The voters of Colorado have been seduced by the promise of the BIG LIE.During a internet search I discover that REP Fields has a police record, her record showsthe crimes of Larceny 1976, shoplifting 1991, as well as pleading guilty to writing bad checksin 1998. As a result of which I can not imagine she would pass a back ground check to legaly own a fire arm. Not having the right herself to keep and bear arms, she clearly is not interesred in protecting that right for others as it holds no meaning, or importance  for her now.What bothers me above all else is how a BLACK WOMEN, a Representatve of her voters, who freely took a oath to support and defend the Constitution of the united States. Couldattack and fail to defend, a sacred founding document that gave her ansestors Freedom, with the passing of the 13th amendment ending slavery. Passed by congress Jan 31, 1865.Yet only 148 years after her people were delivered out of slavery, she would deliberatlyand with mallace choose to attack and clearly infringe, upon the second amendment to that same constitution. Here actions can not be condoned, and I fear will not be  forgiven by the freedom loving people of her state or the country.This coming Wednesday will mark a verysad day in the history of this country.We are doomed to repeat history if we fail to learn from it.One mans thoughts, for what it's worth. Thanks for your time in reading this post.

"Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper will sign legislation Wednesday...marking a Democratic victory..."We'll see about that, come election time.  There are gonna be a LOT of unemployed Democrats, shortly.  They've ignored the will of the people.  Therefore they're finished.  Might as well go ahead and start a job search."Democrats tried to ease the concerns from Magpul Industries, saying the company can still manufacture higher-capacity magazines if they were sold out of state."That is proof positive that their decision to sign those laws into effect had NOTHING to do with trying to preventing ANYTHING.  If they were genuinely concerned with mass-shootings and honestly believed reducing magazine capacity would help, they wouldn't want Magpul to keep making hi-cap mags and selling them out of state.This was CLEARLY feel-good legislation.  Democrats just wanted to be able to say that they did SOMETHING, even though they know it will do NOTHING.  You're fired.

I thought this would send the NRA nutjobs into a frenzy!

Luby's massacre,Killeen Texas 1991.Lone gunman killed 23 and wounded 20 then killed himself.Guns used? Glock -17 and Ruger-P89 semi auto Hand Guns.

The picture of Hickenlooper in the article was taken right after he was asked about the size of his brain.

So tell me how are things in the Martini and blow state?  Your governor is signing 3 bills.  Isn't 1 enough?  He won't be satisfied until the right-wing revolution ends up using Montana as a concentration camp for liberals, with nuclear war heads at each of 3 entrances on the East, West, and South and the North end open to Canada.  Watch the Canadians build the fourth wall to keep all of em from crossing the border to their nice squeaky clean member of the Queen's Commonwealth.  God! What phonies you all are!  Make sure all the middle and working classes get it up the wazzoo, while the inner city bangers have guns up the wazzoo!

They have thrown down the gauntlet for someone to prove that a limit on mags will deter mass violence.  Must be a proud moment to live in a state that rapes the constitution of the United States.  I used to think Colorado was a beautiful place but not one more dime of mine will be spent there, New York , California and anyplace else that aborts the Constitution.  Colorado, you are an embarassment.  Will the last Cowboy please turn out the light.

I have a home here in Colo.  I need to  sale it to move  to Texas or Idaho. To get away from the gun grabers

That state.  If I ever go out west again, I will make doubly sure I don't pass through Colorado.  I wouldn't want to give them a dime of my vacation money.  It is like they have kicked God and the Constitution under the bus.  Maybe they have all smoked to much weed to understand what they have done.

There's a petition at Change Dot Org to get Hickenlooper recalled. Sign it and spread it around like wildfire"Evil has a certain look, no matter whose face it's on."

From a gun toting, freedom loving Texas,Our hearts go out to the gun loving, freedom loving patriots in Colorado who are forced to put up with kind of XxS)(&amp;*)_(*^* piece of trash liberal democrats in your state.  I'm sure the real patriots did not vote for them or the X#$%#$%^&amp;$R Governor.  Don't do anything stupid yet.  The money lost from hunting and fishing vacations will send these fools a clear message.  I know I will no longer hunting Colorado or fishing in Summer.  I usually travel with a group of 6 - 10 hunters and spend several thousand dollars a year with outfitters, food chains, grocery stors and we buy a lot of Coors Beer too.  Not anymore,  we will go to New Mexico and drink another American Made Beer.  I urge all other gun owners and hunters to boycott anything Colorado except Magpul.  Magpul,  you are welcome in Texas, no state income tax, good schools, balanced state budget and mostly reasonable politicans and we did not vote for Barack Obuma and never will.  Come on down put please leave your liberal democrats at home.  They are not only not welcome but it could be downright dangerous if they started spouting their liberal views so stay away liberals.

Guns did not kill 6 Million Jews,But there government did!That is Gun control at it's best !

Colorado will now start throwing people in there  jail who don't obey there gun laws. Wonder if they will also put panhandlers and vagrants in jail.

It doesn't matter that the majority of the people don't want this, it's a matter of what the politicians want.  They no longer serve us, they now rule us.

I considered moving to Colorado to be closer to my grandkids, but not now.  I hope a lot of businesses vote with their feet and move out.

guess i gotta move to texas

The 2nd Amendment was not for hunting, or for shooting up schools.  It was for self preservation from any enemy, to include the government.  The Constitution was made to put restraints on the government, not the people.

Lol..."an interruption of the spray of bullets." Seriously, that's the "educated" language you gun-grabbers use?  I'll tell you what I need 30 round STANDARD capacity mags for. It's not for #$%$ hunting. It's to make sure that if someone threatens my family or I, that there's only one side of the story. MINE.

Well pass the rolling papers .This solves everything.I can get stoned and drive crazy but can't fill the magazine on my stock .GlockGood work Colorado. 1 down, 49 to go. As for the next election, NRA brown shirts have big mouths, but small minds. Reason will prevail.

We hyave a new state the state of Kolorado

"Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times" says Beth McCann. Of course criminals are going to follow the laws use the magazine limit law.

he reminds me of Joseph Stalin, and Adolf Hitler, save the children, give me your guns!government background checks, yeah that's good ! I guess it will be just like WDM's in Iraq! second amendment, this politician, should be labeled as a traitor. For trying to sign phony makeup laws that were not in the Constitution! this is a joke, I wonder if New York is paying him off!

did they put in their budget enough money to put up road-blocks on all the roads leading into the state to search for 'illegal' weapons and these high capacity magazines?    how many idiot women sit in that legislature?    women let their hearts overwhelm their brains.

Go fluck yourself Dickenlooper.

Go fluck yourself Dickenlooper.

Imagine fighting overseas for the country you love, fighting for freedom, and then getting home and being told you don't have the right to own the gun you just used for 4 years, because they don't trust you. They think you might murder lots of people with it. Oops.

yahoo !censors consider the word #$%$ needs to be sensored..Idiots

Freedom is the enemy of those who seek safety. Freedom is the friend of those who realize safety is unattainable.More #$%$ Liberals in power.  I hope people take note of all this.  EACH and every time a liberal gains power, the people lose rights.Colorado is the new California.  It's sad such a great and proud state is not aligned with the likes of those pinko #$%$ from Cali.  I suspect that's how Colorado has fallen to the level it has.  You have these libtards from California that have ruined their state and then they can't take it anymore so they move to other states like Colorado, Arizona, Texas and Oregon.  When they get their feet planted in their new state, they go right back to where they left off and try to turn their new state into what they just left.  It won't be long until Colorado is a mirror image of California.  I hope each and every one of them STAY right where they are.Enjoy your dope smokin' populace and when things go bad, give some of those moronic legislators like Rep. Beth MaCann who ushered in all your new "protect me Daddy Governor" laws.These new laws won't stop a SINGLE crime or even deter one and they know it.  These laws are nothing but feel good legislation put in place so they can say "we did something."GOD I can't believe what Colorado has turned into.  I came a hair from moving to Denver last year.  Thank the GOOD LORD above that I chose TEXAS instead.Oh, how about all you Colorado residents step outside and wave "BYE-BYE" to those hundreds of jobs that MAGPUL will now be taking somewhere else.  Serves 'em right!  GO MAGPUL, GO.  COME TO TEXAS, WE'D LOVE TO HAVE YOU HERE!!!

its funny that obama and his family have armed protection following them 24/7, maybe if every american had that sort of protection we'd not need guns all, i know the police only arrive after a crime occurs so they wouldnt be much help if any situation occurs, once again the stupidity is coming from the democrats and as usual i blame the liberals from california...

Hey--all you liberal idiots---LEAVE THE CONSTITUTION ALONE!!!

I'm a Republican, short and stout.Since my party can't win an election, I'm going to have to pout.I sleep all day and troll all night.Most people call me a loser, but my sister/wife thinks i'm alright.Someday I'll find a job; of this I have no doubt.But since I'm a Repuker, I'll just first wait 'til the welfare runs out.

As the saying goes..." Build it and they will come". Chicago has built a gun free zone and the criminals have come.The Peoples Republic of Kalifornia has magazine restrictions, bullet button magazine releases, and some funky #$%$ thing called a featureless stock.........So how is the crime rate doing considering the criminals don't really abide by this?Come on Beth!.....do you really think this? ...CRIMINALS DO NOT OBEY THE LAW ! !..."I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks...All of this is just a stepping stone.I have mentioned this before, they are playing Chess.....aligning the pieces of their game to take out the pawns....US.

Magpul can come to Tx. They sell a ton of their product here and won't have to ship it.

Boo Hoo.  Boo Hoo

The NRA and it's inbred coward members do not care about the safety of the American people and it's children. Than you govenor for standing up against these ignorant uneducated gutless coward slimeball punks.

What doesn't seem to be understood is that this isn't an issue of simply voting against the democrat legislators and governor in 2014.  It's more an issue of tens of thousands of people actually getting involved in the political process ... many for the first time in their lives.  Writing checks.  Running phone banks.  Providing transportation to the polls.  This is a good thing all around.  What isn't a good thing is the total lack of the conversation that we were supposed to have had in preventing tragedies (outside the Bloomberg agenda).  How will the next Holmes or Lanza be identified?  What resources will be provided to parents to recognize real problems ... or get them treated?  Queue ... sound of crickets chirping.

The second amendment means you can kill anyone that disagrees with you.Finally cowboy country has some sense.

why is it that states with lax gun laws have higher gun related deaths being suicides and homicides. hmm dunno you tell me

These politicians may just done what the GOP needed and show that its not gun control they want but gun prohibition is their true goal. None of the laws put forth solves anything , but their agenda to water down the constitution until it has no relevance. WAKE UP Colorado you have been invaded and taken over by Yankee commie socialist. May God Have mercy on your souls!

I used to believe I was lucky to be from  Colo. now ,not so much .

Dear Gov. Idiot of Colorado:  I hope the NRA, NAGR, and every gun owner in Colorado sues your butt for attacking the 2nd Amendment.

This past election the Democrats won via the Stoner votes. They will be to wasted next round to care.  Next election expect the Democrats to be outed in resounding fashion.  Continued attacks on both the Federal and State Constitutions shall not be tolerated.

The more gun restrictions, the better. Good for you , Colorado. More states are sure to follow.

Time for a revolution!!

Screw communist Colorado.. Go every year for vacation.. Well glad I had all the years because not giving that state one more dime

Worthless laws.Republiscum Losers should just stick to what they do best: Losing

it might cut down on the "spraying of bullets," but that just means they'll take up the practice of more well-aimed shots (if, for some bizarre reason, they decide to follow gun laws during their shooting).

Ban all the guns, people are filth, bow to the masters of authority, you're all asking for it

Background checks and magazine limits infringe on your constitutional rights as much as a drivers licenses and speed limits do.

Republicans care about America's middle-class about as much as a slaughterhouse cares about a cow

Who would have thought it would be the liberal left to take away our freedom. You make Hitler proud!

Smaller magazine are going to cause crazed gun men to cary more guns like that never happens?

What's the difference between a Republican and a h(ooker? Easy. The Republican doesn't charge to s(crew you

What's the difference between a Republican and a turd? Easy. You can always flush the turd when the stench gets to be overwhelming

“I’m going to tell you what I think is going on,” Levin offered. “I don’t think domestic insurrection. Law enforcement and national security agencies, they play out multiple scenarios. … I’ll tell you what I think they’re simulating: the collapse of our financial system, the collapse of our society and the potential for widespread violence, looting, killing in the streets, because that’s what happens when an economy collapses.Hey Colorado!!!  Pssssst  Wake Up!!!!   What is your useless POS governor still doing alive.....?   Feed his pathetic (a)ss to the Grizzlies!!!  Nothing that f'ing stupid was ever meant to exist on this GD'ed planet!!!

Right on Governor if only more governors elect would be brave enough to do the same the US would be a safer place.

"Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper will sign legislation Wednesday...marking a Democratic victory..."We'll see about that, come election time.  There are gonna be a LOT of unemployed Democrats, shortly.  They've ignored the will of the people.  Therefore they're finished.  Might as well go ahead and start a job search."Democrats tried to ease the concerns from Magpul Industries, saying the company can still manufacture higher-capacity magazines if they were sold out of state."That is proof positive that their decision to sign those laws into effect had NOTHING to do with trying to preventing ANYTHING.  If they were genuinely concerned with mass-shootings and honestly believed reducing magazine capacity would help, they wouldn't want Magpul to keep making hi-cap mags and selling them out of state.This was CLEARLY feel-good legislation.  Democrats just wanted to be able to say that they did SOMETHING, even though they know it will do NOTHING.  You're fired.

All Hunters boycott the hunting season coming up.  This will Bring Colorado to its knees.  THey live and die off the dollar we bring to them for hunting.  All we have to do is stop supporting them and they will see the force we are.  People rise up and rid your state of Liberals that would take your freedoms away.  It is time to hit back.

Ah...The californication of Colorado continues.

"Among the many misdeeds of the British rule in India, history will look upon the act of depriving a whole nation of arms, as the blackest." — Mahatma GandhiPeace!

Their guns are not that treasured if this bill passed, good luck Colorado your gonna need it!

Sorry folks, that's what happens when you trust a Democratic to govern your state.

Background check YES.  Mag limit...NO!

We are voting completely with our pocketbook from now on.  Do something stupid like this and we simply boycott the state and all businesses in it til who knows, maybe forever.I had lost hope for Colorado when it legalized marijuana.  But now, their Governor has revived it.  A man with a conscience.  A leader who does not want to see the children in his state murdered.  Thank you, Sir.  Intelligence is always a welcome relief.

Traitor! Typical socialist, incapable of learning from someone else's errors - or their own for that matter. As longstanding European experience shows, this kind of measures only prevent citizens from having guns, while criminals always get guns through their illegal channels. Notable exception is Switzerland: twice as armed as Americans, very low crime rate.

Good work, governor.

Now fire the sheriff and any others that will not enforce the law. Setup a committee to review the cases and their actions. Monitor them because we cannot trust them to do their job. They only want to do the parts of the law that they like. How stupid is that?

Strict magazine limits would be a fantastic step in the right direction. Make it a felony to posses a magazine capable of holding more than 8 or ten rounds. Maybe the national politicians will get the idea and make it a federal crime as well.

To the dummies that wrote this article. The non-Republican party is the DEMOCRAT party not the Democratic party. If you were right about the party name the members of it would be Democratics and they aren't. Worse still that party stands for anything but democratic ideals. What they stand for is properly called socialism.

We really need this on a national scale.

Your shadow is coming! Your shadow is coming! ---- Modern day Paul Revere warning all Republiscum Losers to line up at WalMart for their weekly paranoia purchases of guns and ammo for the upcoming "revolution." Hahahahahahahahaha

I am a Republican. And I'm scared. I saw my shadow today, and I'd swear that it is following me. Please help me......I need more ggggggguns........ Please help me....... I need more aaaaammo.......... Please help me......... I'm ppppppparanoid and fffffffrightened

don't do it pickleinyourpooper. don't sign #$%$ rights either. they don't need special rights.Terry ! Is ! A ! POS ! Repuke ! Troll !

Guess from all the comments the next time there is a mass shooting law enforcement should get you to go in and get the gunman since you all seem to have all the answers. You should be more than willing to do it since you should not ask them to do something that you and your family would not want you to do. And for doing it you should get the days pay that the law enforcer gets to protect you. As far as hunting if you need more than 15 rounds or 8 shotgun shells maybe you should not be hunting. Seems fair to me.

Great, progress...!

Democrats accuse the NRA of making up gun rights,what did they do with abortion,They made up a right in the constitution.

Oops! Gun nuts are right. Our country will soon become a tyranny: we will all be forced into labor camps in a few weeks. And they've already started building concentration camps for gun owners. Archipelagos are opening up all across Colorado. Lobotomies have been performed on gun owners already. Hitler's picture now appears in the Colorado Post Office and in all Colorado schools. Wait a minute. Someone is knocking on my door. I'll be right back. . . . Hope I didn't keep you waiting. Seven doctors and nurses in white coats asked if I had any guns in my house and had already prepared to inject me with a serum that would make me gay; but when I told them I was not a gun owner they departed with a warning: never to own a gun. Whew! What a close call. I should have listened to gun nuts when they warned me that this is precisely what would happen!

Gun fans tend to either ignore or reject the notion that most non-gun-fans accept that there are certain kinds of weapons we can have and certain kinds of weapons we can't, and shouldn't, have. Their view is, either I can have any weapon I want, or the Second Amendment is violated. Although the cool thing about American law is that we can have (and always have had) both gun control and the Second Amendment at the same time, many gun fans insist that we can't have both, that the former completely negates the latter and vice-versa.So, the question then becomes, if gun laws violate the Second Amendment by preventing me from having the particular weapon I want, even though there are any number of other weapons that I can have, why doesn't the price of that particular weapon also violate the Second Amendment for the same reason? If licensing, registration and background checks violate the Second Amendment by making me do things I don't want to do before I get my rightful gun, and as a condition of my getting my rightful gun, why doesn't the requirement that I pay money for that gun also violate the Second Amendment for the same reason?Every now and then I take this idea back to the forum boards and conduct another little improv act in one of the comment threads, trying to get both gun fans and gun-control advocates to come up with an honest, objective, principled distinction between gun laws and gun prices as impediments to gun ownership, and hence as infringements of gun rights and violations of the Second Amendment. No one can do it. Whether they realize I'm pulling their leg or not, and no matter which side they are on, they can't make an argument that distinguishes the two without resorting to false analogies, false statements about what the Constitution says or doesn't say, and subjective interpretations of the law and the Second Amendment (including more heaping helpings of the insufferable self-regard of gun fans).The best anyone has been able to do, albeit without realizing or admitting it, is to show that gun prices are an infringement that we're willing to tolerate and allow, because we're OK with who is doing the infringing and why. We understand that consumer goods cost money and we don't begrudge the manufacturers and sellers for doing their business and making a buck. We therefore don't perceive that anything is being maliciously "done to us" by anyone; no singular, conscious entity is deliberately "taking things away" or "violating our rights" or whatever. But if it's the law that gets in the way, then it's "The Government" or "The Liberals" or "Obama" or "The Gun Grabbers" or some other fictional Golem who's "doing this to us" out of arbitrary meanness. In other words, we don't see infringement in gun prices because we don't see an infringer, but we do see infringement in gun laws because we do see an infringer. Or, in the alternative, we don't see infringement in gun prices because we like the infringer and we like what the infringer is doing, but we do see infringement in gun laws because we don't like the infringer and therefore anything the infringer does is malevolent.The fact remains that no one on either side has been able to explain, in a logical way consistent with the text of the Constitution, an objective, principled reason why gun laws violate the Second Amendment but gun prices is not a violation. It's not that I actually believe that gun prices infringe on anyone's rights -- I don't, and they don't -- but understanding the reason why, i.e., why one thing infringes and one doesn't, is just as important. If gun laws infringe but gun prices don't, what's the objective legal or constitutional principle that distinguishes them?

Most Americans want these laws. Go to PollingReport website to see all the poll results, unless of course facts scare you.

Republicans are lovable Losers. Everyone should own one. The Koch Brothers own many

Communist scummery at its best.  No law can be made against the 2nd Amendment-period!

Gun nuts are so law biding, that several have given death threats to the politicians.Reducing ammo capacity... isn't taking away your guns.Asking for stricter background checks... isn't taking away your guns.Your right to bear arms... still there. Take a deep breath, things are fine.

It's a start..all these Gun Wackos ''Guns don't Kill people do"...doubt this will make much of a difference since you can still buy a gun as easy as a beer in this country........

colorado turnsout the democrats in 2014

Magpul's Lawyers have outlined all the legal points necessary for this to be overturned and for Hickenlooper and the legislature to have egg on their face. Their political careers are over and these bills were pushed through primarily by ignorant and unintelligent politicians.  They ooze ignorance when they were interviewed on the news, and I would bet good money in Vegas that they wont be re-elected the next term.  Just like speed limits, these laws will be virtually ignored and are not enforceable.

Magpul's Lawyers have outlined all the legal points necessary for this to be overturned and for Hickenlooper and the legislature to have egg on their face. Their political careers are over and these bills were pushed through primarily by ignorant and unintelligent politicians.  They ooze ignorance when they were interviewed on the news, and I would bet good money in Vegas that they wont be re-elected the next term.  Just like speed limits, these laws will be virtually ignored and are not enforceable.

Magpul's Lawyers have outlined all the legal points necessary for this to be overturned and for Hickenlooper and the legislature to have egg on their face. Their political careers are over and these bills were pushed through primarily by ignorant and unintelligent politicians.  They ooze ignorance when they were interviewed on the news, and I would bet good money in Vegas that they wont be re-elected the next term.  Just like speed limits, these laws will be virtually ignored and are not enforceable.

Magpul's Lawyers have outlined all the legal points necessary for this to be overturned and for Hickenlooper and the legislature to have egg on their face. Their political careers are over and these bills were pushed through primarily by ignorant and unintelligent politicians.  They ooze ignorance when they were interviewed on the news, and I would bet good money in Vegas that they wont be re-elected the next term.  Just like speed limits, these laws will be virtually ignored and are not enforceable.

Magpul's Lawyers have outlined all the legal points necessary for this to be overturned and for Hickenlooper and the legislature to have egg on their face. Their political careers are over and these bills were pushed through primarily by ignorant and unintelligent politicians.  They ooze ignorance when they were interviewed on the news, and I would bet good money in Vegas that they wont be re-elected the next term.  Just like speed limits, these laws will be virtually ignored and are not enforceable.

he reminds me of Joseph Stalin, and Adolf Hitler, save the children, give me your guns!government background checks, yeah that's good ! I guess it will be just like WDM's in Iraq! second amendment, this politician, should be labeled as a traitor. For trying to sign phony makeup laws that were not in the Constitution! this is a joke, I wonder if New York is paying him off!

he is a one term governor now and these laws will be overturned on legal basis.Private party gun sales will require background checks?  That's too funny....it'll never happen....

Quick, tell the person shooting up the public he can't do that.  He needs to wait 5 second to reload now.  Oh wait, he has the bigger clip he bought illegally or was grandfathered in or whatever, Never mind.

remember - if you have food and I have guns . . .I have food and guns

Gun nuts are as much of "Will make up conpiracy" theorists as the Hitler lovers on Youtube.

line up for re education at the Poe pot center for honest gun owners please have your blue bag with rubber band ready all those with out blue bags line up for the Jewish shower rooms please

If democrats are ao cincered about safety, why don't they stand up to the ACLU. RIght now the ACLU is trying to end stop and frisk.

Congratulations Hickenlooper on your political SUICIDE!!  Rest assured that your Democrat neo-FASCISTS will also be sorry for their idiocy!!

Many of these comments from the gun riights avcocates are somewhat right. These new regulations will not make us safe from criminals and violent murderers.  They are however, a commone sense step in the right direction,and will help to a small degree.. . I am a gun owner and a hunter willing to put up with a few more inconveniences when buying guns if it means a few more people might get saved from gun violence. The Colorado bill does not infringe on my right to bear arms, I can still own guns.   It simply regulates it more, and we need that.

Another IDIOT.Do you know I can get ALL large clips I want.

"I think it will make it more difficult for people to get guns who shouldn't have them, and that's really the goal," said Democratic Rep. Beth McCann on the expanded background checks.--------------------------------No Mr. 2 -flies for brain governor. If you knew how to read you would know the statistics show the last ban did nothing about it. And if you had even a brain you would know that the ban only affect legal gun owners who are law abiding citizens. It does nothing to lower criminality or anything about illegal black market weapons and the thugs who gets them . It only makes things harder for the law abiding citizens to defend themselves.And if you have any memory you would know what the last ban did politically to democrats. Good. You are just making the republican vote look better and better for next elections.I hope all gun manufacturers stop selling to law enforcement in Colorado. Meanwhile Mr brainless you are doing nothing for public health. Even as both massacres in your state where done by kids under heavy suicide inducing pharmaceuticals. Why dont you do something about that?I'm so tired of this krap, I wished guns were never invented.

dennis and bork your man keery just came out supporting un small arms treaty it includes confiscation by troops of everything but bolt action rifles how you dopers think your pots gonna stay legal when the constitutions gone weak sauce usefull idiots

go to the un webste download the small arms treaty and read it almost everything our reps and the media is twistedup bad enough that it might as well be lies but they are doing this in plain site and we/ you me and ours can afford to print and pass on a copy or two dont talk about it i think thats illegal now truth up freedom up

Frickinstooper.

This law will only make about 100,000 people criminals overnight!!! I will not submit nor surrender my rights to anyone!!! The only good thing that can come of this will be that the liberal sheep will be first to the slaughter.

I'm wondering when these gun nuts realize that no one is taking their guns away, and that they can buy more. Only felons need worry. I wonder how many felons are posting here.

Sign the petition at Change Dot Org to get this fool recalled! Let's make him less than a one term governor. "SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED UPON!"

If the need comes just remember not to take a chance on getting hurt or shot for any politician that decides they want to infringe on our rights under the 2nd amendment, after all, you wouldn't want to infringe on the rights of the perpetrator since they evidently have the right to harm innocent people since we can't protect ourselves.

" When a strong man, fully armed, guards his own palace, his goods are in peace. But when a stronger than he comes upon him and overcomes him, he takes from him all the armor in which he trusted, and divides his spoils"( sound Familiar )Just a note in passing

Gay marriage is more important than guns. Go play with your toys somewhere else.We are voting completely with our pocketbook from now on.  Do something stupid like this and we simply boycott the state and all businesses in it til who knows, maybe forever.

Less guns more weed, I'm moving there.

Please sign and spread the petition at CHANGE DOT ORG to get Hickenlooper recalled! SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED UPON means exactly that.

Looks like all the gun nuts boycotting Colorado now make Colorado a much more viable vacation option for folks like me.

We should round up all Republicans for deportation. That would solve the gun problem immediately.

Yahoo is working overtime to censor all the newer comments. SMH.Liberals want to destroy the 1st and 2nd amendments.

How can you hide a gun from a Republican? Easy. Simply place it under a bar of soap.

liberals are #$%$. government is EVIL

Somebody remove this non American traitor .

DO NOT COMPLY. RESIST.are they dum  the one brakeing the laws do not do back ground checks never were do these [people ilive not on the real world like we all do it time to take our county back before we have to move to another country i am so #$%$ and mad at all thislet vote them all out of office the usa need to wake up we need to march on the white house they work for us we donot work for them wake up usa grow some balls

So its all about the money.  CO Bureau of Investinagation used to not charge for background investigations and now they will?  Would it not make sense to not charge so the sting of this rediculous law is more pallatable?

Magpul's Lawyers have outlined all the legal points necessary for this to be overturned and for Hickenlooper and the legislature to have egg on their face. Their political careers are over and these bills were pushed through primarily by ignorant and unintelligent politicians.  They ooze ignorance when they were interviewed on the news, and I would bet good money in Vegas that they wont be re-elected the next term.  Just like speed limits, these laws will be virtually ignored and are not enforceable.

A lot of these "do nothing" paranoid pro gun advocates sound just about as intelligent as the weapons they're defending. Longgggggggg on complaining and conjecture and short to nothing as to offering up any positive concrete solutions on their own in order to curb these tragic violent events.They appear to embrace status quo, distain laws (keeps law abiding citizens- law abiding), engage in self delusion,  obsess over the activity (or lack thereof) of inanimate objects and are consistently being persecuted and violated. I've got another trite axiom to offer up, that being ........ you're part of the problem if you're not part of the solution!!!  Unless every single one of them belongs to a militia, I'm sure myriad victims could give a rats #$%$ about their MISPERCEIVED rights to which I'm sure the criminal and the mentally unstable elements could equally argue as adamantly!!!

Good for you Magpul Industries, I am in support of you leaving CO in protest of this rediculous law.  You are correct, now the F'ing liberals will see how the state is affected when civilian rights are taken away.  I will not follow this law.  They have just turned a law abiding citizen into a criminal.

he reminds me of Joseph Stalin, and Adolf Hitler, save the children, give me your guns!government background checks, yeah that's good ! I guess it will be just like WDM's in Iraq! second amendment, this politician, should be labeled as a traitor. For trying to sign phony makeup laws that were not in the Constitution! this is a joke, I wonder if New York is paying him off!

don't care either way

Recall John Hickenlooper!! Sign and spread the petition at Change Dot Org! Get this fool out!

Don't states have a right to regulate their amendments as they see fit? nobody is proposing taking away guns. They're just regulating the Constitution which they have a right to do in the Constitution because the legislators of Colorado were elected by the people to speak for the people and they have a right to regulate amendments as they see fit.

I sputter on this fool after eating a buffet of Mexican food, ex-lax, sipping coffee, drinking a milkshake and a half gallon of egg nog, which is really bad because I am intolerant with my digestive system, and then sputter on his face!!!the good news.. there will be fewer democraps.. after the next election cycle.. for approving this...

and the police chief..immediately told him to go F__ himself.. he won't enforce these new so called 'laws'..... hahaha

Here in Colorado we are replacing guns for weed!! thanks. :)

I used to be a registered Republican and still own my AR-15. But I had to quit because I think you all are just plain crazy fanatics in denial. Oh boy 15 round mag limit is destroying my 2nd amend. rights oh lord save us. I am from a state with 10 round mag limit and at first #$%$ and complained too, but I had to admit it did not really matter much since I am not a wanna be "special operator type"  just a plinker. just tape to 10ers togeather and flip them over.Still have fun.Get over it you wooden head fanatics!!

The government always knows what is best!!!  ($16.5 trillion debt)

This Country is on the edge of finding out what happens when you disarm its citizens. Those that believe the 2nd Amendment is outdated are living behind a smoke cloud if you believe we as a Nation do not have real threats from outside our borders.

planting the seeds of civil war.. is not how to run a state...

a law that will NOT be enforced.. he's got a big problem.. when the police are against him..

I am going to have to get my boots on this river of crocodile tears is overflowing

I am sure he has that Warm Fuzzy Feeling that Dimocrats have when they get their way.It is nice to know no one will ever get shot in Colorado again...Way to go colorado you let these magots take your god given right to defend yourself.you will reep what you sew.Bunch of shheeeeple.............

Old white men and their fear. I needs a gun to protect my ego.

Nixon wanted to ban handguns. You gun nuts have it made!

republicans have their bots out on the gun control pages giving mass thumbs down to people that disagree with them. You republicans are such tards. Get a job already.

Republicans who does it feel to lose yet again? I hope you are pulling out your hair and having seizures over this. I love it when you get so mad your heads explode. Impeach this and treason that LOL.

If you think Democrats are going to take away your Bible, you're an idiot. If you think they are going to take away your gun, you're an armed idiot. If you think they are going to take away your gun and give it to a Mexican to kill your God, you're Bill O'Reilly.

Wow!! That will drive the paranoid Repubs crazy. Do you hear that? It's Repub heads exploding, from every direction!!!

I'll probably get beaten up on these boards for my question, but I don't get why the violent objection to a background check and instituting magazine limits.  Personally, I don't know why a law abiding citizen should object to having a background check, I wouldn't.  And I sure don't get why we need to even have a debate over magazine limits - they should be in place - how many rounds per second does someone need to be able to fire in order to feel safe?

The 2nd says  to bear arms. Doesn't say how far that is allowed. Since the founding fathers has the worst guns possible, SINGLE SHOT MUSKETS.

It's about freakin' time!  People who think that psychos like James Holmes should be allowed to amass weapons and explosives like he did are just as crazy as he is.  Wayne la Pierre is in favor of people having unlimited access to deadly weapons, and he looks like a psycho.  Has anyone ever seen him smile or show any other human emotion?  I haven't.  I have never seen Wayne la Pierre express joy, sorrow or anything else but anger.  Something is seriously wrong with that boy.Time to abandon the state of colorado, let them go bankrupt then they may wake up, was about to buy land there, now i am looking somewhere else screw' em

Congratulations, Colorado. Hope the rest of the country follows suit.

What the hell is wrong with gun nuts? Are they so obsessed by guns that they even want to give criminals free access to guns?BTW, almost no self-defenses with guns happened last year but over 10,000 firearm homicides.

The law in Colorado for big game does not allow a hunting rifle to have a capacity of more than 6 rounds total, and it must be over .24 caliber, making an AR-15 with a 10-round magazine illegal for hunting BEFORE this law was passed!

Good luck Colorado.  I hope it helps.  Lead the way.  Give it your best shot (sorry, I just had to say it)

Why didnt Colorado citizens try harder to get their legislature to prevent a law such as this.  Do politicians really think a law will prevent other gun related incidents. NO.  The laws on the books should be enforced, not adding more laws.  Just sad how Colorado citizens did not put more effort into pressuring their legislature to enforcing the current laws.  SAD.

BTW, how in the H_LL can you call Colorado politically "moderate " when the FAR LEFT RADICALS are running things????

I salute you, Governor! You stood up like a man to the gun lobby. You will go down in the annals of history for firing the first shot in campaign of comprehensive gun control. Kudos!

looks like were going to vote in a new gov

He should be brought up on charges of treason.Thank you, Governor.   My uncle might still be around today had there been stricter gun laws. The person who shot and killed him and another of his friends was in no mental condition to own one and yet obtained it completely legally without registering.Perhaps those who go about distorting this situation...who think that we will somehow be safer with more guns in more hands...will have to lose a loved one themselves before the reality of this situation hits them.It already has for the loved ones of 12,000 people killed by gun violence every year.  I'd like to hear them explain their constitutional right to bear arms to all those who have died.

Thanks NRA!"ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) March 18, 2013 — A college student with two guns, hundreds of rounds of ammunition and a backpack filled with explosives pulled a dorm fire alarm Monday in an apparent attempt to force other students out into the open so that he could slaughter them, authorities said. But he instead put a bullet in his head as police closed in."

So,you buy a couple of extra mags and if your legal you'll pass the background check! And if you go the range more you won't need a hi-cap mag!

N R A take that you gun toting #$%$ !!! in your face !!!

Congrats Govenor, job well done.

The gun nuts on yahoo are renting Ryder trucks.

Hallelujah. Now of we could only get a bill into law that would deport all POS Republiscum Turds, this country would be a great place to live.

May God bless the governor. You did the right thing.

This is the best news of the week. I dont care about gun control in CO. because I dont live there. But I do love things that make the hick republicans heads explode and this will do it. They must be all having seizures right about now LOL.

If you can't take down an intruder/game in less than what is specified here you have no business owning a weapon.I applaude the legislation that was signed.  It does not threaten your gun rights one bit except if you feel you have a right to a bazooka or you are a documented physco or sociopath.

Maybe we should truly implement the second amendment so that only those who are a part of "a well-regulated militia" can bear arms.  That way those who bear arms defend our country--not slaughter our citizens.

Finally - People in Government with the gus to do the right thing....

Finally - People in Government with the gus to do the right thing....

Gun nuts will follow laws concerning their cars, but not their guns. They must have alot to hide.

A victory for state's rights.

Hooray!

I salute this governer. Facing adversity and knowing he will be hated by greedy, selfish gun owners, all to do the right thing and enforce gun control. Makes me proud.

Good for you,gov.GR8 2 C that the CO legislature is not owned by the NRA and wicked lobbyists of their ilk,as in the US congress.The second amendment gives us the right to bear arms,not to commit mass murder.Clips should have been limited to 5 rounds...if you cannot hit a deer in 5shots you need to find another hobby.The days of the wild ,wild west are in the history books.Leave them there; we don't want them on the streets or in our schools.Sack that Waller gu y and put a leash on your US congress men,esp. repubs.And reinstate the $10 background fee...you have to pay if you want to play.

Way to go Colorado!!!Way to go Colorado!!!

65% of all homicides are alcohol related!! Bricks and rocks are responsible for more murders than "assault weapons"!!  In almost 100% of cases the attacker has committed numerous felonies leading up to their final act of murder!! They recieved the gun illeagally, they where mentally unstable, they stole the gun ect.!!!! UNARMED PEOPLE WILL NOW BE REFERED TO AS "VICTIM"!!! The militia that the constitution refers to is everyone over the age of 18, not the national gaurd!!!! You can have my guns when you pry them from my cold dead fingers!!

Background check, yes. Magazine limit, no. Online training, why ban this?

demogogs have abused their power vote um all out or it will get alot worse please remember abuse of power in 2016.

he reminds me of Joseph Stalin, and Adolf Hitler, save the children, give me your guns!government background checks, yeah that's good ! I guess it will be just like WDM's in Iraq! second amendment, this politician, should be labeled as a traitor. For trying to sign phony makeup laws that were not in the Constitution! this is a joke, I wonder if New York is paying him off!

Thank you Mr. Govenor...Many hope others will follow your example. If it saves just one life, it will be worth it.  Times have changed, laws need to change to conform to the never ending violence which guns have brought into society.Now, all who are opposed to my opinion will undoubtedly begin their immature name calling and profanity. Yes, it is these types of individuals who want the guns....kinda scary.

Do you think he will get re-elected

Way to go Colorado  !!!

This country used to have an assault weapons ban which included limitations on clip capacities that Clinton signed into law.  GW Bush allowed the assault weapons ban to expire after 10 years and ever since then mass shootings have become a regular occurrence with greater frequency in this country.  Both Ronald Reagan and GH Bush supported an assault weapons ban even when the majority of their party did not.

Looks like you dumb redneqks are gonna have to find something else to make up for what you lack in the pants.Explain "legal gun owners'" rights to the Mothers and Fathers of the Grandson of the 75-year old Grandma in Pontiac, MI (a "legal" gun-owner) who shot at her unarmed Grandson 10-times and hit him 6 - of course killing him....or the parents of the 16-year "good-kid" in Virginia who snuck back into the wrong house and who (unarmed) was shot and killed by a neighbor.  Will THOSE people have to "pay" for their KILLING errors with their "legal guns," - MOST LIKELY NOT - but still.....YOU explain it to their parents - and HOW WOULD YOU FEEL IF IT WERE YOUR CHILD???  Just because people you never heard of, don't know, and will never ever think about again were killed in Colorado by (first) Columbine and then (this past summer) - the Aurora Theater massacre - they are STILL people - who were ALL killed by guns that were LEGALLY OWNED (by their parents).....yes, EVEN LEGAL GUNS KILL ILLEGALLY - but just explain untimely deaths to parents of the dead kids.

A step forward for a safer tomorrow.

Far too little....far to late.....if this is the best we can do, then this country is doomed.....

All's these bone headed, red necked gun freaks... are erupting...!  he he

Wah, wah wah.  How about a little cheese with all that whining.  Look moron gun nuts, anyone who needs more than 15 rounds to protect themselves really shouldn't have their genes passed on...

I hope guns get banned, its time we make our psychos get creative.

Let's hope this is just the beginning of sanity in this country.  No one needs an assault weapon or high capacity magazine, except if they are planning a massacre, or are paranoid that the government is coming after ALL their guns.

This is the BEST news I've read in a while. We need more gun control and Colorado is moving in the right direction. People who oppose this sound like lunatics to me. More regulations on guns and background checks will make it more difficult for a selfish maniac to carry out a mass murder plot.

Yeah! Colorado is a great State.........One down. Thank God for Democrats!

Once again, Republicans have greatly over estimated their clout. Their future is dim.Bravo for Colorado governor and lawmakers for passing these bills.Not a cure all by far.But far better then nothing.

Shooting in US is because of guns. Ban sales of guns and there shall be peace reign everything in the State...

Way to go Colorado.  Let's get it done nation wide

Thank you, Colorado legislature! Hopefully other states will also stand up to the NRA and their minions. This absurd adoration of weapons meant for military use must end!

Hallelujah! Finally, some party or governor has the guts to challenge the "outdated" 2nd amendment. We live in the 21st century, we don't need guns, we need pens for our kids to learn math so we can compete with other nations, not shoot each other...

Good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The wingnuts still get to bear arms, just not every weapon ever invented....poor sheep think the govt wants to grab all their guns!

Hats off to the colorado governor for making a wise decision. Too bad the governor of utah doesnt make the same choice. Strict gun control laws will make a safer america.

HA HA HA, I guess he "Hickenlooper" showed them intimidators whose BOSS. We need more governors in every state who are real Americans, who can be respected like him!The only jobs we need, is the jobs that were taken over seas, by the intimidators (corporations) and we wouldn't need any guns, because everybody who wants to work would be working - and we can establish family again.