I see another case of the cat being allowed to see the King, but not meow?

........this leader does not speak for his government, he is on the tether of a commitee........

Well you can't fault them too much for not being swift enough to lie on the fly like other world leaders.  Everyone has their weak points.

You can have unscripted questions, but don't expect to get an answer.

Oh, man. It is worst than a cheap off... off... off... broadway show. It is so bad, so boring, so off broadway that you have better than by just watching a re-run of a very... very... very old show on TV.

The west is so ignorance and arrogance.They must think China should copy the western system.

PC is a paid communist troll

Ahhhhh good to meet you President Obama.  All of your questions for me can come from that pile of fortune cookies.  Good Luck!

Mr. Li has learned from the Liar-in-Chief, Obama. Chinese intelligence is hacking/stealing our industrial secrets, while their politicians are co-opting our political ploys....welcome to 2013 world.....

@Peter Ford, Chinese leaders are all engineers rather than politicians and lawyers.  They are not well versed in spinning.  Whereas our leaders are trained to spin endlessly, theirs are not.  They lie to their people via scripts while our leaders lie to us on the fly.

Really, China is so different?  "We" have presidential debates with questions that are pre-approved by both parties!  "We" don't allow anyone to attend debates unless the parties approve them!  The parties choose who we can vote for, our only choice is which party sponsored candidate we think is less evil.  Yeah, China is so different... do these mindless writers really think we are such IDIOTS!Sounds like BO with his carefully scripted appearances with the right colors of people behind him.    What do you expect from the party of movie makers?    BO is working towards making the US political system like China.   He already has the support of most of the mainstream media.    The government is hiring more and more democratic voters and the ones that aren't hired are given free handouts.   Welcome to the party of 3rd world politics.

Americans are most sophisticated liars in the world.  They mastered the art of making lies without being caught.  American media are most powerful and sophisticated media powerhouse that very good at stir up anti-China sentiment to against Chinese government and people.

BTW, you can really see who the paid Chinese government hackers are on this blog.   We now have the deal with comments from those weasels.    China is such a juvenile country that they think their negative comments will affect people with freedom to think on their own.

Obammy meets the press – but no un-telepromted questions, thank you.

Since you have already known the answers, why do you bother to go anyway?

Kind of like Obama's scripted interviews? Lol

Sounds a lot like Mr. Obama, who actually stopped holding press conferences when he found out that the other networks would not allow him to ban Fox from them.There are times when I actually find myself thinking of Jay Carney as the President of the United States.

It's Asia,not US or Europe!Get it through your Western thick head.

Is that why Jay Carney tapes the Obama approved questions that reporters are allowed to ask under their seats before WH press conference ? That's hilarious the American media criticizing China.

Yes - the leadership is afraid it will have to address questions about forced sterilization of women, imprisonment of its citizens without any due process, an economy that relies on industrial espionage, and the evil of its elite living like princes while its citizens life expectancy is at third world levels. (1) TODAY - stop buying Chinese merchandise and enabling our ENEMY.Those western journalists were in shock and awe to be granted an audience with His Excellency Dr. Li of China. There could be no higher honors a journalist could get. Buddha bless China and Allah curse the Great Satan.

Kind of like an Obama press conference.

You mean just like Obama?"Freedom of the Press".....what a joke.......

The author of this article is a liar! In the event of 110 minutes, 12 questions were asked, and five were from western media (one from Associated Press of USA, one from a French media). Do you think all the five questions were pre-selected? My guess is that this guy or his colleague wanted to ask a question but didn't get a chance.

Sound like they took lessons from The Bush Administration

China is a coward nation. China will never be respected globally. China has money, but China lacks class, morals, and ethics. China is a terrible country.

I like how the reporter described it perfectly:  The annual Charade!

Looked at those comments, I truly 'believed' that our great Americans are 'NOT' racists. :)

We want to hear witty questions with dramatic answears but in China  their officials do not want to be misquoted in   their impromtu  answears.  Sometimes too provocative questions create problems for our political leaders later on.

Here's an unscripted question for obammy, Original or Xtra Crispy?هاااااااااااااااااى

A question which I would like to see asked: "Mr Premier could you advise of your timetable for granting freedom to the oppressed and persecuted Buddhist Tibetans and Muslim Uyghurs in your nation?"  Another question: "Can you promise here today that your government will cease harrassing and persecuting all Christians in your country not members of your  officially sanctioned churches?" No...those questions  were  not asked and if ever asked the questioner will be looking at a 6 x 6 jail cell. The words "human freedom" and "China" remain sadly an oxymoron in this 21st century.

F. obama f. bush

"But no unscripted questions, thank you." Exactly what Bush II at the press conference when he announced that he was starting another War in Iraq. I saw it live.

Li shows how pathetic the CCP is.  It can't answer any questions not supplied by CCP officials.  MORE PROOF that the EVIL CCP CONTROLS everything

Maybe my English is bad, but throughout the entire article where does it prove that the entire press conference was filled with pre-selected scripted questions. I'm not saying it is not, but are we just supposed to take the author's word and believe it is? Accusations like this should warrant some sorts of proof, shouldn't them?