Ask China how that Burning coal with restrictions is working out for them!!!

Coal Companies : If they spend less money on Lobbyist &amp; Stupid advertisements &amp; more on clean coal research ! They'd get ahead!!

BHO said he was going to bankrupt the coal companies.

Where do these Liberals figure we are to get our electricity from and afford to pay the utility bill out of the an unemployment check. They don't want nuke energy, they don't want coal, the grid is a wreck. The only reason this isn't a issue with the grid, the industrial load is down do to fractory closings and going to other countries. This country is at war with industry, we are losing America by the day.

Thanks Obama, you idiot!

Fossil fuels are just one of a host of issues the Left harp on repeatedly , to advance their agenda. As long as their are Progressives in positions of authority , they will return to their favorite tools to promote themselves as saviors , and any opponents as villains . It's as simple as that . Pick any issue , the Left has carved a niche as the concerned global citizen , and anyone who disagrees as a predator who would ravage every member of your family , particularly a disabled , or afflicted loved one . The Right has not yet been able to debunk , or counter this carefully crafted paradigm of party identification , and I'm afraid that the truth will only be revealed in the midst of a civil struggle of arms .

It's all about the EPA and the president's War on Coal.But China will take all the coal that BTU and the like can mine.

China is killing itself and the rest of the world with pollution.

I see coal is still taking the brunt of the blame for pollution!!!! China had to close up shop for a couple days because of emissions from CARS!!! Coal had a roll in it certainly, but those millions of cars dont burn coal!!!!

Gas prices rise for 33rd straight day.  Funny how this happens after the election.  Instead of going golfing with Tiger Woods maybe we can get Obama to go golfing with Tigers ex.Natural gas is so cheap its going to replace coal and even much of the oil our country uses. But Nat gas will go up over time as demand rises.  Then coal will come back like other fuel sources.

Here we go again regulations are going to make a third world country of the usa when are we going to wake up and put control in the people's hands and defund useless bearucracy's like epa and the likes.