My Oh My!!!!! Could it be that criminal capitalism with all its degradation is more attractive than the liberal fair share system. By the way, do liberals support the criminal activity in illegal drugs and the sex trade by participating? If so, wouldn't the competitive free market provide the same "goodies" at a cheaper price without the hypocrisy.

michael fCAPITALISM DEMANDS JUSTICEso the difference is criminals get thrown in jailonly the capitalists in the EU want the gangs arrestedall others see the gangs as saviorslike the dems do with obamamammaa in the states

"Although fraud is often perceived as a victimless crime"A load of male bovine excrement; I've never heard of fraud described as a victimless crime. Prostitution, nonviolent drug offenses, smuggling maybe, but not fraud.

Hey   Folks...we're in the wrong business. We should be in Politics where the real money is.Lie , cheat,  steal , commit fraud , get fresh new sexcretarys every year , get your family and friends out of trouble by saying "I'll handle this as a family matter" , opening their own cat houses  , while blasting "Human Trafficing" and "Illegal  drugs' ,"Taking guns away from the honest people while selling them to the criminals"  "Life is just a bowl of cherrys" I Know   I Know it's the pitts.  sorry about that one folks , but I had to say that.

But they don't allow guns in Europe how can this be?

The usa loves its criminals to.we let them out of prison early so a non violent can spend a mandatory sentence..and of course the private prison industry thrives here in the usa,,,

Are you counting the governments?

socialism in utopiaahahahahahahsocialism fosters gangscapitalism throws them in jailenjoy your misery Americayou've earned it

This is what happens when you place a prohibition on free commerce you create a black market mentality Same thing happens in every socialist/communist country and it seems in free countrys when you declair a war on drugs or alcohol!

If Obama was in charge of the EU, he'd give all the gangs amnesty and free college tuition.

Aha ! This explains how the horse meat could be found everywhere !What, you mean that my $25 Gucci handbag might be a fake. The nerve of some people, whats next my taxes will be used to bail out white collar criminal bankers??

To many human rights to non western people, they need control and told what to do or they are destructive.

The attack on the western countries, we need to wake up, once we let in groups from non western countries they bring us down, envy and the inability to act and think like us, the evolved in another part of the world which makes them think and behave differently, and also envy of the western man.

Sex, drugs, and guns. How the west was really won!

So there are still more gangs in NYC than EU, maybe they need bloomberg to the rescue...

How many of them are foreign invaders brought in by the western hating liberal cultural marxists?  The Albanian mafia is the worst of the bunch

shocking...according to the FBI ..1.to 2% of our MILITARY are in gangs......thats a rae 50 to 100 time more than inour general US population.....just watched the video about it on Militarydotcom

Just Like here. No respect for the human race. Law enforcement is so week globally. oh yeh no punishment because no more prisons. Sounds like failing humanity. No work no jobs no stability. When will the people allow the clean up of our cities and bring moral  education into our education system not the liberals. Got to have more than #$%$ for brains.