sounds like france si doing a good job in getting these pigs

They're also continuing to let them immigrate en masse into their country. Letting the wolves into the henhouse. It'll backfire soon enough.

I hope they all become martyrs. Say goodbye and rot.

Good for the French,time to get them all.Keep up the good work,we admire your success.

I support the French in these actions but they have some hard days ahead, in Africa proper, all over the Maghreb in, even, in mainland France, I'm afraid..........kidnappings, street bombings, etc26th Marine Regiment

Al Qaeda should not be called a religious organization. They're nothing more than bullies and common criminals.

The sooner civilized nations realize that Islam is ar war with them  maybe the will do something about getting Muslims out of their countries.

I'm quite impressed how FINALLY another NATO member is taking care of some Al-Qaeda business besides us...VIVA LA FRANCE !!

Wanted " Highly Skilled Suicide Bomber - Make in One Hour what others make in One Month - Pick up your Pay the very next Day !!! "

May France wipe them out entirely.

At least someone is hiring in this economy.thank goodness the chinese don't use suicide bombers, there'd be no end

Go getum legionaires!!!!!

Muslims invade aka crusade in said country and they are calling theFrench out for stopping said crusade started by them? History repeatingit self with Muslims invading first and calling foul when another countryintervenes.

Craigslist&gt;Dubai&lt;Terrorists wanted

Al-Qaeda is being financed by the West in Syria, just like we financed them with billions and weapons in Libya...............the same guys murdering our sons and daughters in the Middle East !!!!!!!!!!!! Do any other Americans have a problem financing terrorism abroad or am I the only one??????? Obviously we have some politicians that need to answer to treason charges,this has been admitted by the administration by high ranking officials. Google this and see what comes up. Watch "Fall of the Republic" on youtube

Yep France -Make lots of Martyrs...!!the Martyrer......the better...!!

they don't recruit,,,they force young boys into servitude

If there is any arming of AL-Qaeda, it is by accident, or theft by Al-Qaeda. Just like when I was in Vietnam, you never really know who are the good guys and who is VC or NVA. I doubt that France is arming Al-Qaeda on purpose. but when you bring in lots of weapons, it is hard to keep them in the right hands.

Are you a militant being pursued by your government?  Do you want to get away and start a new life?  Do you hate infidels?  How would you like to earn 72 virgins for 1 days work?  We have a job for you.

That means they're getting their but(t)s handed to them.Like a game of whack-a-mole.....knock em down in Middle East they pop up in Africa.

I would expect nothing less, from the non-existent, Al Qaeda.

Give em the Virgins, Frenchy.

Now there's a job listing for all you America hating liberals.

c'est la vie

Sounds like the French are winning,hope they kill a lot of them!

France is filled with Muslims, if Al Queda wants to win against France they just need to take a page from the Mexican illegal immigrant's book and start outbreeding the French until Muslims are the majority.

AL QAEDA  ah we  need a bunch of dummies to fight us whose up for it &gt;

A clear sign that Al Qaeda is getting their collective butts kicked by both the French and the Algerians.  Boo hoo - the whole world is against them - dumb a#$@s

Al Qaeda sucks!Hah you know the world is in bad shape when France is the only country fighting back against this cancer.

What a shame France has to do it all by themselves.

The dark forces are assembling. Another step toward Armageddon.

Burn a few Koran's, wait till the Muslim's come screaming out into the streets by the millions, and instigate an open hunting season. Hunting is easy when you know where they'll all be. Problem solved!

No virgins in France. Think about  it Al Qaueda. That's your eternal Hell so comply with what the French want and you can freely go on living your religous fanatasy.

France you have them on the run keep pushing, exterminate them. We love you, good luck.

As the Islamic terrorists seek new recruits to battle yet another member of the United Nations, it would seem logical for the UN to ban together in the neutralization of all Islamic terrorists.

If the Islamic clerics would preach religious tolerance to the Muslim people, there would be no need for terrorist recruits.

France better wake up and start deporting, not importing these Muslims.

Muslim the religion of peace, and in Iran we are not developing nuclear weapons, our nuclear program, they are for medical research purposes, and our new missle launching warship we just launched, is nothing more than a fishing boat in case we catch flying fish.No, No this can't be true. Obama said  "Al Qaeda was defeated, and on the run." Did he mean they were running to Mali ?

I heard Dennis Rodman was being recruited and offered to go to a basketball with the new leader

What a minute, Al Qaeda is instituting  a draft, how patriotic of them. This tells me that Al Qaeda has been suffering loses ,to bad so sad

islam is nothing more than a cult. It depends on threats, murder, etc. Without these three it would be history. Get involved with it and try to get out. You and your family will be in harms way.

Al Qaeda won't get any extra recruits. Their to bush over here voting democrat.

Remember grease the Quran up real good before shoving it up your “a”ss!

Maybe france could take over Afganistan for us.

They have run out of moron dummies to blow themselves up, They need more, because they are to coward to do it themselves.

Sounds like they are #$%$ off Frenchy.  Hope heaven doesn't run out of virgins for them.

Please go to Mali so you can be kiiled.  More dead Al Qaeda is a good thingAl Qaeda is el gonna. We will see to that and if it takes a nuke, so be it for any country that harbor them.

I heard from some politician a few months ago that GM was alive, and AlQaeda was on the run.....now what politician could that have been?........It was our Liar In Chief who lives in the WH, and finds time between golf rounds to visit the Oval Office and actually pretend that he's working.......and 52% of the un-informed sheep voted for him......only 4 more years of this lunacy.

al qaeda is recuiting tank crews ,,,, seems the mus-bro-hood has a sale going on tanks right now ,, ( US just sent 200 ) ,,,, also jet pilots ( yep , sent them jet fighters too )

Advice to French troops: Make them all martyrs sooner rather than later.

I'd go back on active duty just to kick some Al-Quaeda #$%$.

good! let them run out of bodies before we run out of bullets

To France = Drones 4 Al Qaeda's destruction!

Hey Al-qaeda, if you really want to find some willing recruits who will follow you blindly and never question your commands, just come to the U.S., pick an ultra-liberal city, and set up your recruiting office.

I always wanted to go to Timbuktu.  (It's in Mali).  There is this wonderful Canadian woman running a cool little hotel there.  She had to run (because of her white skin) when al Qaida took over the north and made Timbuktu a battle zone.There is nothing "religious" about Al Qaida.  All Muslims - all of Islam should stand up and denounce them as thugs and murderers.  But they won't.  Why?

Seems SOMEBODY told us that Bin Laden was dead and Al Queda wasirrelevant.New recruits will mean more cannon fodder for the French. How about calling for Peace between different religions and cultures instead of promoting a culture of death? Al Queda is evil. Flee from them like you would flee from  the devil.

Are they running out of warm bodies?  Send some more terrorists, I will bet there will enough body bags for them.

WHY does the a hole media give voice to these PIGS!? i wish out government had the balls to nuke the entire middle east!

Their new recruiting slogan is "we get you to heaven fast boss"

I've often wondered, what's the end purpose of Sharia law? I'd like to think that most law is purposed for stability and security so that advancements in education, culture and arts can be achieved.What do Muslims see as a goal of Sharia law with respect to advancement? Is there one?Why are they so keen on spreading Sharia law?

Will France give the terrorists trials in French civilian courts like Obama is doing in THIS country ???

Great job France, Its good to see a country can fight Al Qaeda and not drag it out for 12 years.

Will (AQIM) be traded on the stock market?

France should forcibly remove every Muslim from their country while they are at it.  Send them back to where they belong.

I wonder if this world will ever be rid of these peace loving Muslims that kill and destroy everything in their path?The whole world should unite to destroy the Al Queda parasites. Round them up, set them ablaze till nothing of their HIV infected bodies remain.

alqaeda advertisment is "join today and die tomorrow"

They need recruits because they've been getting mopped up globally for 20 years!

Good, it will more easy targets for the French.So far, French troops lost 5 menbut killed, according to French news, more than 1200 islamists.Quite a good deal, so fresh targets to come are welcome.

Al Qaeda are Muslims, and  Muslims are Animals, and the Muslim act like the animals they are!!!

I guess France hasn't learned anything watching the US. Boy, are they in for a rude awakening.

AL QAEDA ALWAYS NEEDS NEW RECRUITSbecause al qaeda keeps teaching their recruits to blow themselves up... ironic

If I'm muslim, I would demand to see a picture of all 40 virgins before I sign up. They just may be too ugly to die for.

great news now is a great time to plant   arab spys making way for more drone attacks

I was all set to sign up to fight against the evil western forces but the Al Qaeda recruiter at  the last minute would not let me see my 72 virgins.! The nerve of that man. I'm #$%$! I borrowed all this money on my Visa to fly to the Mideast and he pulls this trick I have a good mind next time I go to sign up for terrorist work it won't be with those darned liars at Al Qaeda !!!!!!!Sounds like France is kicking their butts. Can the French actually win a war?

Sure.  Uncle Al-Queerda needs YOU!  Job includes:  Getting yourself blown up in some nondescript marketplace wearing a vest.  Meet Virgins!  Meet Allah!  Be a martyr!  Sign up now!

The French version of this crusade is geared toward preventing AQIM from brutalizing non-extremist Muslims and followers of other belief systems in the Maghreb.  They have been known to roll into villages and rape young boys and girls in front of their parents to send what they believe to be a message from Allah, SWT.  Wonder what Allah thinks about all this?  Bet he supports the French.

If you don't want people to think, why are paying all of this money to educate them?

Send them to the slaughter.

Sign me up!! I'll teach each and every one of you how to properly blow yourselves up.

I have never seen gas prices thishigh in the winter on the east coast, I feel sorry for people who still use No. 2 oil to heat their homes at the rate of 359.00 a month. hell i paid31.00 for natural gas in february. something is going on . and I do believe the governments of the mid east need to come to the table to give relief to all nations who still depend on foreign oil as does the united states. Are they being held hostage to keep prices so high by al-qaeda? ,who knows, but it seems like it's going to drain american wallets this summer who want to travel!......even a hundred miles to their beach homes....

Does Al-Qaeda offer a sign up bonus, and help with college after your enlistment?

It's all De Gaul's fault! "Day of the Jackel" is worth a re-watch! No semblence to the U.S. knock-off!!!

Their attitude of "better dead than secular" is going to end very badly for everyone once they start making Nukes. It is only a matter of time. All we can do is postpone it a little.Know Islam, no peace. No Islam, know peace.

W A R PIGS

BUT AMERICA'S SECRETARY OF DEFENSE CHUCK E CHEESE HAGEL SAYSjihad is a legitimate religious doctrine... so france must be the bad guys in this mess.

AQ says = Hurry to Mali to help kill Frenchies.. but... be sure to pick up your ..new.. free.. FRENCH.. weapons in Syria 1st......French giving weapons to the Syrian rebels = Giving weapons to AQ = Stupid stupid stupid.

Go to Marseilles, France to see the cultural "benefits" Algerian immigrants have brought!!

Where are the so-called moderate Muslims to oppose these fanatics?  The silence is deafening.

Good for France for taking care of muSLUMs in Africa.   But, France, do you realize you have more iSLUMics in France than you had Germans after they beat and occupied you in WW II?   France, you have been invaded and occupied gain!

Wondering if the new recruits get med/dent/vis. &amp; 401k ?

Al Qaeda kills more Muslims than anybody.

And this is what Bin Laden and like minded people did when the USSR invaded Afghanistan and when that was over, the same thing against the USA in their new jihad.France should keep kicking thier #$%$. One less Muslim to worry about!

Is Crusader France somehow related to Crusader Rabbit?

It's difficult to imagine the terror filled days and nights of living under sharia law. It's a soul-robbing slow death.

And here I though as obama said that Al Qaeda was on the run?

Obama has been bringing Somalian recruits to the U.S.A. as "refugees" While being trained they collect social security and are provided free housing and public aid. American Citizens are paying for their own extermination.

I have been posting on the situtation in Mali...the french have been duking it out for over a month..street combat and... CRICKETS from the Obama administration..The worst possible foreign policy in our history..Worse than LBJ..

Running out of takers, huh boys,? guess some of them might be a little smarter than you.

Wanted, terrorists, at least 5 to 7 years of experience in warfare, h1-b visa not required, also experienced suicide bombers.  Low pay, 90% chance of death, benefits include 72 virgins after being wiped out by superior forces. Exotic foreign location.  No need to apply just show up wearing a suicide vest or toting a rocket propelled grenade.

Time for France to start expelling radical Islamacists from France.  If they've managed to acquire citizenship strip them of it and deport them.

Those French fighters do pretty well. AQ needs more brainwashed fools to die for them.Such a shame that the 87 volunteers from Libya had to have just one drink in celebration  of jihad before they left.

Al Qaeda doesn't offer benefits.

pppppppppfffffffffffffffffftttttttttttttttttt

yea i like their famous phrase  " GOD WILLING"  what a joke!

nobody is more of a crusader or imperialist than the Muslim religeon

French troops need to hunt those rats down and kill em all! Orkin should come up with some sort of spray that can be sprayed from airplanes that will only kill Al-Qaeda and other terrorists!

AlQaeda Recruiters should lead by example. I bet they donot discuss the health-hazards of the job. Thosesending to a certain death never consider or think twice about sending people on a one-way trip. I bet they don't sacrafice family members.

A real criminal investigation, like the kind that was never conducted after 9/11, first looks at “motive, means and opportunity”. When we look for the probable perpetrators of 9/11, we should therefore look at who benefited from:- Destruction of the asbestos-contaminated twin towers and the subsequent multi-billion dollar insurance claim,- Profits from stock option “puts” on airline and other stocks that fell after 9/11,- Destruction of evidence for financial fraud investigations in WTC 7,- Destruction of accounting records for over $2 trillion of missing Pentagon money,- Demonization, invasion and occupation of Israel’s rivals in the Middle East,- Lucrative oil exploitation contracts,- Hundreds of billions of dollars in weapons purchases and other war-related spending,- Billions of dollars in reconstruction contracts, etc.The Al Qaeda conspiracy theory was disseminated by the people who should have been first on the list of suspects.

I am just sick of this Messed up Religion they call ISLAM.

I thing Barry the Cockroach will be looking for a job soon why not try to recruit him??SorryAl Qaeda is on the RUN??  Right????Al Qaeda fights France, but France wants to supply arms to Syrian Al Qaeda terrorists. Where is logic?

i stopped believing what i read in the news along time ago.................almost everything is not real and they  are just trying to sell u a story...........i think its called media industrial complex.i hope yal dont take what you read in the news seriously....................

as i have posted before, these people are pulling out all the stops, now it is africa, europe is full of the vermin , and now africa, south america is in line and as for the U.S. it has already been proven that they are here too. Luckily the west is awakening to the fact that it must be put to a stop. Britain ,U,S and now the french are seeing what these people want....the world

One Islmamic hore can pop out one child per year from the ages of fifteen to forty.  That is 25 children.  And then those children can all have 25 children, and so on.  By the time the woman is 100 she can have 25 to the 4th offspring, or in other words, 390,625 new terrorists.We must end the vile SEXISM that keeps our armies from killing terrorist WOMEN!

Obama said Al Qaeda is on the run. That they are done???? I guess NOT, just another Obama LIE. Thats all he has done for the last 4 years

The French have over two centuries experience fighting in Africa. Several of the countries with fighters in AQIM were once French colonies. The French Foreign Legion is no bunch of p*&amp;%*s. Many of today's modern elite forces employ tactics first used by the Foreign Legion. Their rules of engagement enable them to kill enemy combatants without concerns about 'politically correct' conduct. Pity the fools that mess with these soldiers. No sense running from them, you will only die tired. Go get 'em, Frogs!!

Hope France stays focused. Used to be that getting the French to fight anybody was as hard as getting Beaky Buzzard to jump out of his nest.

i bet the explosive vest factory will be on overtime soon

The crusaders are the only answer to people like those that are trying to push insanity on the rest of the world. al-quiada lives by the sword let them die by the sword and all those that harbor them I am sorry to have to say this but with these kind of people mercy is wasted only a knew spirit that seeks life will change them and they don't want a spirit that brings life they serve a God of destruction and death. repent you islamis receive Jesus and be saved.

translation: we're losing the battle and we need more uneducated militants to die for usIf we had a person with some form of intelligence in charge he would offer a bounty, dead, for any Al-Quada member, no question asked and let them rid the world of this vicious vermon

Guess they're having problems over fringe benefits free drone strikes.

I still pray daily for a quick, complete painful and devastating end to all who support and seve with Al Qaeda. May you all come to a very painful and complete end! A curse on ALL Alqaeda!!!!!!!!!

When are we going to get rid of the illegal Mexican terrorist in the USA.  They have invaded our country and trying to take over.

If we got rid of Al-Qeada we could get rid of 1/2 the evil in the world. These creatures are baby/child killers. They are inhuman thus have no souls.We certainly wouldn't miss them. They're still in the stone age. Right now their job is to murder as many innocent good people as they can find. They tried to murder a little girl who just wanted to go to school. How soulest can you get? And the stupid Pakistanies wanting to behead a woman who let the Muslim CHILDREN name the teddy bear after a child molesting tyrant who changed the laws to serve himself. God help these people. It's true they are from Abraham but Ishmeal, who was a good son, was not God's choice foe His people. His mother was Egyptian. Isaac was the son God wanted. The Jewish people and the Gentils who believe in God the Father, Jesus the Son and the Holy Spirit are His people. Mohammad's not going to come down and save the Muslims and the "allah" stone can't hear them.

A French Crusade as opposed to a Muslim Crusade. The French went in to stop the militant spread of jihadist Muslim militants. Go France-screw Al Qaeda

I believe it is now time for the world to exterminate them once and for all,,Just saying

Crusaders come kill innocents and stay,France came for a free rat cleaning and will leave when the job is DONE!!!!Not even close to what they will try to have you believe. As always.

France would be better off fighting and killing the AQ and Jihadist Islamists living within France itself.  Go back in history and it was the French who first battled and repelled the Muslim surge out of Europe and sent them back to the North Africa the first time around.  Charlamagne's father.

Hahahahha, See France, that is how the mudslimes repay you. You want to give the foreign jihadist mercenaries, I mean Syrian rebels, guns, no? THIS IS EXACTLY WHY YOU SHOULDN'T ARM JIHADISTS.Wait, I thought Barack Hussein Obama personally had Al Quada on the run. You know, kind of his "mission accomplished" statement, only the media won't throw it in his face like the do with W

Its about time the French Have taken the Lead on Something... In Afghanistan the French Govenment actually paid the Taliban not to Shoot at there troops.. Rumor from a French LEADER, But I have No proof of that.. But I am Glad the French Finally looked down and found a PAIR.. Now Get er DONE..

Suicide bomber, on the job training provided. Health care package, well, you won't really need that.

The purpose of Islam is to establish a Caliphate, to rule the world by one of their own, this has been, is and will be their only reason in this life as they want to die as martirs, and go to their own haven, because we have a different one, we do not want them around us!!!

Message to iSLUMics:    "Wanted: suicide bombers to go to paradise to get their 72 Virgins!"What the recruiters don't tell their sucker-volunteers is that their reward is actually 72 huge VIRGIN boar hogs with gigantic dorks!

Sorry Al Qaeda guys, we youths are not really interested right now. However, you can have Shirley Temper.

If only Qaddafi was alive, the Islamists would have been a very minor treat in Sahara.

Too bad the Muslims don't carry on a Crusade against the leaders of Islam who preach nothing but hate.

will I get 72 virgin goats?

"However, AQIM also said that if Islamist youths in North Africa could have a greater impact in their own countries, they should stay to fight secularism and ""push for the imposition of sharia-based rule""."  yea, push for sharia law,,, the law of Islamic    a  s  s  h  o  l  e  s    the law that keeps everybody under the thumb of however is interpreting the book, and in essences tells women they are nothing more than baby makers and worthless....wrap them all in pig skin and throw them in a hole

NOTE: This comment is taken from my archive of comments on/of different issues.When/where ever the words Al Qaeda, muslim terrorist or similar words are mentioned, this comment will appear.Hello:Yes, go get them my fellow infidels/non-muslims:   Let those islamic terrorists be forced to think and consider {{(while they eat and drink, while they #$%$ and pee, while they ran and hide, and while they are dying)}} that why Allah give the infidels power and knowledge to come after them and kill them-----therefore, making them look like women and cowards to their fellow muslims and to the rest of the world.The muslims who believe in education and the muslim-professionals  (both Sunnie and #$%$,warriors within), and those muslims, who donot like/want islamic terrorists/uneducated to rule over them, should praise the infidels.Note to the recruits:  don't go, the infidels are going to make you look like womenn and cowards; and they are going to throw "pig blood" on your body when you die.

this could also be a Griswold "European Vacation" redux.

Imagine how peaceful this world would be without the French, British, Jews and AL-qeada.

Which side will Obama be On???????

May be John McCain will join Al Qaeda along with giving them ARMS

These are the same guys who were issuing statements like,"We will crush the French, they have no idea what they are up against".

AMERICA should ban da muslim so called religion n sharia laws dey are slavery  all over !

DON'T WORRY... BARAK HUSSEIN OBAMA WILL FUND THE RECRUITING PROGRAMso al qaeda can see that America just wants to be pals.

Obama is probably secretly aiding the muslims....But the French Gvmt is after arming foreign Jihadists and terrorists in Syria."Friends in Syria,,,,,,,enemies in Mali !"

What did the native American Indian's think when white settlers were taking their land and killing them and their food and destroying their lifestyle.  If you look at history in a unbiased way, we can call a lot of governments terrorists.

Al Qaeda should recruit their own children

"Crusader campaign in Mali,"  After 950 years, their dropping the word, Crusader, after any attempt of someone trying to put these Muslim heathens in their place is getting a little old.

France cannot wipe the terrorists out because the french government is among the countries helping the terrorists in syria.Is there a good and bad terrorist? A terrorist remain a terrorist  no matter what media houses want us to believe.

do I get 72 virgin billy goats if I croak?///allah snackbar!

al qaeda...bring it! always helpful to get as many rats in one area as possible.

Ha ha France, try to help them in Syria they still won't be your BFF in Mali. moooooooooooooo rons. the whole lot of you.

ron ragan and bush gave them guns in the80s

France gets another war for grins and giggles.Kind of makes you wonder why France is considering arming Al-Queda in Syria.

They have not learn a thing, the more they try the more we get them. There is a great advantage to have stupid enemies.

The problem is France is becoming overrun with immigrants mostly Muslims,Same as Britain ,when l flew to London Heathrow Airport looked like the middle east,it was odd

omg if they keep calling it that ..... can we just skip the bs and make it that....

If "Al Qaida" is a data base operated out of Langley why is it being reported from Dubai? Simple, Dubai is the capital of the Global Government. That's also where the World Trade Center was rebuilt. That's where Cheney runs his operations including buying oil from Iran. Oh yeah. is it "uninformed, misinformed, or disinformed" in reference to the average American understanding of the world ?

They already have sympathizers called "Hollywood Movie Star Wanna-Be's" and Liberal "their just expressing themselves" nieve idiots!

Let me guess; So, France is going to call on us. Will we fall for Freedumb Fries AGAIN? Probably not without another false flag.

Dien Bien Phu

If US back al-Qaeda freedom fighters in Syria start fighting the French are they still freedom fighters or are they terroist?

Getting whopped by the french is much worst that getting beat by the Americans. No saving graceEe r tt

Eight

when will western counties stop playing nice and start some carpet bombing, don't wait for them to run, fight them with destruction they can understand, total warfare, a dead islamist is a good islamists

Isn't it about time for the world  and all true muslims to eradicate all these radicals from the face of the earth, Hell, I would pay good money to have an open hunting season on them world wide.

They are barbaric savages who don't be mistaken about that, are conquering the world by their explosive demographics. Even khadafi knew that an armed war was futile, we will all be under the Sharia law much sooner than anyone imagine.

YES! CRUSADERS! DESTROY ISLAM!

Wouldn't want to be the number 2 guy.

Funny, they didn't mention Dennis Rodman even once!

Al Qaeda are the aggressors here.  It's not like they are trying to liberate Mali.

Is there an Al Qaeda member who is not a Muslim? No. So don't tell me they are not a religious organization.send in the drones!!!

Yeah sure go there. The French soldiers need some more target practice.

What makes me sick to the stomach is that while France are the only country actively fighting these cowardly islamic terrorists, Cameron is supporting them in Syria.

Send , Ho bama, John Bhoner, Lady googoo , the idiot American Idol judge, Justin Beber bonehead, Kardashin #$%$ and the other 10 million other useless A holes that are ruining this country.  The will drag down any other society too.  More effective then a nuke warhead

si8de wine----an sizzle one um for me i got modern stuff russia american china dont have news paper your planes in air over there for example stay away from the babies who-ch while your at it

we all got news papers planes in air dont weeeeee/ so read see you here week

man those maria antwoe high places--------last miliary targit i shot down was russian sub kurts it was on russian side wine little it like today maybegot me cupple hornets resting bottom montery bay alos might feelll a little liike side wine over on that way today follow news for laistit

omg, SITE as in Rita Katz why not just publish the press release straight from Israeli Mossad?  Sure we believe anything they say.

im sick these idots---now i cant ride a camel africa these dudes activteesrain stand in it fill pipes with water or duck bullit for head rest of stay stupid choice idiot in feild

thats all take this type warfare introduction in the feilds of cheep 20 missle a second zip gunwaves knock france out fast try start draft people over there revold truck in the dead watch um call for draft maria antowoe net them at top easy intorudce zip watch um call for draftbetter watch greece spain little more closely paris soon that zip gun missle hits feild only way to stay in it draft teh country out maria anotoeneet

the bad news for france the new modled missle zip guns from russia can be picked up iran20 tanks a second  soon youll need to start draft one arab one zip20 missles a second zip gun should take care france in feilds cupple hundred those 350 thousand dead a wave---been ten years at war now whats hold up north korea cheeting iran something hurry this nam up

stand in rain next to long pipes fill them with water

whos in charge of the little girls pp hole searchs aleian mother ship white house off port bow calif tv acitvate

if only militarys did not go for the little kids like they always dolooking forward another 20 years of your idots actitees abroad

Recruits? I don't thinks so, its more like brainwashed young men who are told they are going to ascend to heaven for fighting a Jihad! But my question is where are the Imans and religious leaders? If they believe in what they preach then they should be the first in line to grab an AK-47.  Like the Taliban in Afghanistan who hide and kill their own women and childern. Like Osama bin Laden! A jihadist who died with his pants at his ankle and he cowardly hid from combat. Jihad! Jihad!  Islam is just a lie and Allah is embarassed!!!!!

the man on small boy forced sex death squads have landed there mother ship ugly alein baby can be seen by turning on your calif tv screen scrool back to george bush-----went looking for little boys on victory day like spain runs with bullls-------------looking for black african little black boys to slave histroys records dchannnals america

Great Job FRANCE!!!

No body is going to join Al quida to get whopped by the French. I am sure there is no virgins in heaven for that

And the "Religion of Peace" is trying to recruit people to 'fight'? Isn't 'fighting' known as 'not peaceful'?The white trash continues its colony style expansion. Ho Chi Minh gave them a lesson 40 years ago. Today they use Democrashit as pretext to slaughter more black people.

so anyone who apposes random soldiers coming in there country and killing is al-Qaeda. dont you think its wierd that they can sustain there numbers, they dont get paid they only watch more of them selves die yet they keep fighting, maybe the problems no on there end. if america could they would label Hanoi an al-qaeda member

Where are the you tube videos from Mali? We've seen a lot of them from Syria.

A call for new recruits which will send them to the grave? Please Muslim and Arab youth its time to say we hate you Al Qaeda. Go to hell

Sacre bleu! Ces francais imbessile.

our muslim will join up with his al quaeda buddies in 2016

Those muslums are going to do someting stupid and get caught with their pants down one of these days.  Just like a robber, for instance, gets caught with his pant down.

obama will pay the tab

Stop calling it Al Qaeda, True patriotic and awake Americans know thet the real name is Al CIA da

Lets hope someday they run out of Muslim's.Islam is pure evil.. ban alll islamists from the west now before its too late

Wouldn't this cause a little "Civil Disobedience" in France if their moozlim population decides to start some trouble?

I wonder how many unemployed Americans want to respond to this job advert!!  After all, helping rebels and terrorists is nothing knew in the US, is it?

When you read words such as; "Crusader", you're looking at buzz words to fear monger. What we are seeing from these groups of control freaks, is a mirror image, in many regards, to what people in these regions see from us, The United States, or at least what our governments show them. By "them", I'm referring to the average person. Just like we are made up of not special interest groups, but average, God loving, caring people. Brave to a fault, just like people all over this planet. Before some of you right wing nuts go off on me, (and I welcome your rants) keep in mind, that besides starting 2 meaningless wars, Bush and Cheney caused the deaths of over 190,000 people. Most of these deaths were of innocent people. If you think they deserved to die, then you are a Godless person, with no soul, and you haven't learned one thing that Jesus taught the world. While there have been many great Prophets over time, there has never been one greater than he. Love all things, Do on to others as you would have them do on to you. Judge not, and most importantly, "We are all children of God." Peace be to all people and all creatures, great and small. Power to the people!!!,.

Just like the Christian crusade, the Muslims start it, then blame the good guys...

Sounds they are begging, meaning they are losing

Stupid al qaeda. Time to rain down pigs blood on all of them.

Send more suicide types. They are such uneducated morons that they'll end up with the brainiacs who were in Life of Brian.

kill them were ever u find the killers there no good

there is no such thing as al-qaeda.  it is probably an invention of the banks and their political cronies to give you an enemy to hate and perpetuate their rape of the world.  Why were therepiles of thermite burning for weeks in the rubble of 9/11?  Don't be so patriotic. It makes a person susceptible to rhetoric.How stupid do they think we are Alciada is US Based and it is admitted 100% Backed by the Pentagon. East Sh-t.

Those same goons the french want to arm in Syria. The whole thing is coming full circle.

Recruiting ad for new members; Like to travel ? In several directions at once ?

Good!  The AL Queda is desperato and will hire anyone.  They just won't know anymore who are inside their circles as spies and terrorists against them.

Al Queda will soon be Al washed up.

There is no corner on this planet where Al Qaeda can hide...they will be found and killed one way or another!!!

There are many westerners already on the way to Mali to support the cause!The frogs will be in for a surprice!