The 8% decline is due to the lost our middle class has suffered for the last 12 years.

Maybe they should test the 'make good, fresh food' concept'? Just a thought.

I AM HERE FOR THE BISCUITS!!!

The next level down will be them giving the customer a fishing pole, some bait, and escort them to a koi pond out back.

Maybe they should try serving better quality seafood.  The last time I ate there the crabcakes were the size and thickness of half dollars and made completely of bread.  I vow never to eat there again.

I think the food quality has signficantly declined at Red Lobster, that's the main reason we don't go back.  High prices for below average seafood, along with bland, tasteless fried food, the best thing they have is the cheese biscuits.

Eat at your local diner.  Service is usually fast, the prices are better, and you're supporting your community.

No the decrease in diners was because of your prices.  $9 bucks for stuffed mushrooms?  Seriously?

They can blame the decline on whatever makes them feel good, but the fact is, it's the economy.  Pay at the counter will cheapen the experience more than it will cheapen the price.

this concept is far from new,buffets have been doingthis for decades

The concept is called.."We don't want to tip terrible waiters or waitresses". The new generation of wait staff in these places don't do that good of a job "Waiting on customers". The percentage of BAD wait staff is way up compared to the good ol days. I have advice for you so caleed Waiters...get off your phone...quit staring down at you phone every 10 seconds..and pay attention to ME...I'm the one tipping you..not your phone or your facebook status...Why don't you just practice being closed? If I want fast food I'll go to a fast food restaurant. Red Lobster claims to be fine dining. Your sales are falling because of your product. You leave prices high, cut portions and don't control quality. Now you want me to stand at a counter and wait for my food? I do that at McDonald's. When I go to a McDonald's I know exactly what to expect. When I go to Darden restaurant, it's a #$%$ shoot. Try working on that.

serve lousy food, have lousy service......lose market share. Those are the real facts nothing to do with a so called "shift in eating habits".

There is nothing fresh at red lobster, its all frozen, freezer burned, and tastes that way....dumping salt on it doesnt helpRules of thumb....dont go to a steakhouse &amp; order fish....dont go to a seafood place &amp; order steaksYou should always get whatever their freshest items are...freezer food always taste like the freezer

The real story here is from the employment point of view.  Lass employees needed this way so less health care issues etc.  Where is that in the story

It used to be a quality restaurant to take your date, like the Olive Garden was.  But in the past 15 years both have turned into a place for trailer and ghetto trash and their gang of screamimng kids.Applebees is also declining with the same clientele.

The problem with eating lunch at Red Lobster is you have to wait for the waiter to both take your order AND then your payment.  Most of us don't have that kind of time for a lunch break.

When I pay 70.00 for a dinner for two , they had better give me full table service including the bill and bring change back for the tip,

My husband and I went to Red Lobster a month ago, mainly because Texas was packed... we spent $60 for their nasty Harbor Fest (?) and shrimp trio platter. It was not fresh at all, and our server was nowhere to be found. NEVER AGAIN.

It's also the quality of the food...or lack of at restaurants like Red Lobster &amp; Olive Garden

If I want the type of food Red Lobster serves, I will just go to Long John Silver and save the $$ for a great meal at a real seafood restaurant.  I call Red Lobster assembly line food and haven't eaten there in years.Maybe your 8 percent drop in sales is because your food is dog #$%$.

Fish is either overdone or underdone, shrimp dishes that are supposed to be hot show up cold and vice verse, breaded and fried seafood is more fried breading than seafood,  iced tea that is no more than useless and tasteless brown water and crab legs you can tie in a knot...I'm surprised that RL is still open at all.

Maybe the 8% decline is because the quality of the food doesn't justify the prices.

But do nothing about the food quality...It might cost a little more for quality, but if you pay for quality, trust me, you will see the results in your bottom line.

Actually people don't eat at Red Lobster because it isn't good.

Sounds like the place I will take a group. Hey everybody look at the menu on the wall pick what you want in a few seconds then we will order, pay the bill, then find a table. I think I will go on the limb and say it will lose maybe 20% more of the customers. Why not have a line of food. You walk in , fill your plates, pay, and then sit down. Or have all You Can eat for one price. Yes Buffett Style. Again that will decrease business by 20%. Real problem is many of the people are still out of work. To many the dollar menu at McDonalds is a treat.

I go out to eat so I don't have to "work". Screw that. Take my order. This is resteraunt eating not  "fast food" eating.....   And paying at counter  = fast food dining reagardless of how hard they try to tell you otherwise.  If I have to pay and order before seating I will eat elsewhere. Here is a novel idea, how about charging what the meal will cost and let your product be what brings people into the resteruant.... Provide professional and courtesy service, have fresh good food. Wow....  that was hard. If your product can't support the price then it is time to close up shop.

So the wait staff gets screwed.

Homeboy won't have a problem with this.  It's not like they tip, anyway.

The 8% decline is due to their food.i used to go there in the 80s. Poor now. plan on that for the future. Make mine two McDoubles and a small coke. Thank you

Again they need to create manufacturing jobs in order for people to have the money to spend at restaurants. If everyone is making minimum wages or lower (waitress) then who has money to spend? Not the ex-middle class that was financially raped by banksters on Wall Street!!!

"Red Lobster and Olive Garden blame the shift in eating habits for a decline in customers."  Nope!  Rude Lobster: high prices, small portions.  One Olive Garden: horrible food.

If I want to order at the counter, I will go to Long john Silver's. For the prices, Red Lobster needs to give me china, crystal and fine linens.

Red Lobster needs to improve their food which went down hill about 15 or so years ago. These days it's overpriced mediocre food in a setting that makes you feel like you're sardine being packed into a can,

They are not doing it for the customers, they are doing it to avoid Obamacare mandates.

I went for lunch at Red Lobster in Orlando around 8 years ago. Did not want to go but my friend was starving so I relented. Big mistake. Food was Terrible and Shrimp was Microscopic. Service bad. Will never go back again.

Red Lobster would be a better fast food joint than it is a sit-down joint.

If I am served like I am at a Fast Food Restaurant, I won't be tipping like I am at a sit down restaurant.  Decide what you are.  Sit down personal service or fast foot.  PICK ONE!

I'd rather eat at Long John Silvers. You get no value for the money at Red Lobster.The "tip jar" will show up at the Red Lobster cash register almost immediately.

Next step will be to go into the restaurant kitchen and cook the meal ourselves, just like the grocery stores have conned us into doing the self checkout and self bagging.Think I'll just stay home.

I will never go to red lobster again.the lobster is no bigger than their shrimp.they are a rip-off.

I like this idea. This way wwhen I am done I can go verses waiting around for the waitress to first get me my bill, then wait forever for the person to get back. Could have been long gone and saved 15 minutes of time instead of waiting around for a waitress

Interesting idea.  In a rough economy. A $6.99 lunch turns into $15. with taxes and tips.  But I would prefer a Red Lobster lunch to Capt. D s

Why?  Because we like to see you sitting there wondering if the waitress take it up.

There goes more jobs.

more people out of work.

that concept is called 'Fast Food'. Then you might as well pay ur servers a min. wage, cause they lose their tips.

"comes as people increasingly move away from full-service restaurants in favor of places such as Chipotle or Panera, where they feel they can get restaurant-quality food in a more convenient setting and without having to tip."I've never gone to either of these places with the idea that I'll be able to dodge out on a tip. I go there because its quick (assuming u miss the lunch rush or order online) and its relatively good. (perhaps not nutritional wise)  I swear yahoo writers literally have to make news up.  I however don't like having to wait 15 minutes to get my check and then another 5-10 for the waiter to bring it back due to them having 7-8 other tables to handle. Nor do I blame them for taking so long, but I'd prefer to just run to the counter and do it myself while still giving them their tip.When a waiter or waitress takes your card there is a HUGE chance for identity theft. No restaurant should do it.

Not gonna change the garbage food from being what it is:  garbage food.

Long John Silver's beat 'em to it.

Dont care where i pay the food has went down hill so bad i dont go there any more

next up, buffet lunches

Red Lobster used to have a cashier in the 1990's and all they did was manipulate the coupons to make more than minimum wage --

More lost jobs to increase profit margins.

Something that irks me about restaurants is the price they charge for iced tea and soda.  It costs them next to nothing, yet they charge in excess of $2, and sometimes $3.  As a result, more and more people have switched to water, but I would prefer iced tea if they didn't try to rip me off.  I understand that restaurants have to make money, but it makes me wonder if they would be better off if they would sell beverages for $0.99, which a lot of fast food places do.

"...restaurant-quality food..."  Here in the U.S., fat chance.

This could put millions of Waiters and Waitress's out of a job.  But then how many people really enjoy paying tips for a Waiter or Waitress to serve them??last time I went to Red Lobster, I received a spoiled lobster tail, some crusty shrimp, and the biscuits were great. You really wonder why I don't want to pay $24.95 for that? Olive Garden is a pasta scam, and everyone is very familiar with the cost of pasta during a depression. This has nothing to do with Obama Care and trying to reduce the workforce who only make $2 per hour, just like your original threat does it?

Cheaper menu prices to fill my own water glass, AND NO TIPPING? It's a no-brainer, well, for the 8% anyway. Count me in!

Dumb idea. You still tip the waitress or waiter like you do at Denny's where you pay at the counter. The reason for the problem is the economy stupid. Some businesses are off 40%. Let's get some manufacturing jobs back in the USA and it all changes. Repeal NAFTA, CAFTA, and GATT. Slap hefty tariffs on slave labor nation products coming from China, Mexico, and India.

The Denny's of seafood restaurants.

I was going out once a month by myself to a resturant like olive garden etc. When obama was first elected and deceided no raise in social security or veterans disability for three years did a number on me. Rent went up, food went up, electric went up. No more olive garden.I just set and look at four walls hopeing  things get better in four more years when obama is gone. Maybe then we will get more then a 1 percent raise in social security and veterans disabilty. Congress got a 5 percent  raise, which they did not need for doing nothing to help america and americans. You have obama flying to flordia or hawaii to play golf when he takes a vacation. Myself when i was working, i had to pay for my own vacation. Their is no reason why he can not do the same.

There go some more part time and minimum wage jobs.

The last time I eat at Red Lobster,the food looked like it just came out of the microwave.Disgusting!

Less jobs, less pay, higher taxes for the ones still working,higher utilities, higher rent, higher food cost. Heck a tent sounds better all the time.

"has blamed the shift in eating habits in part for an 8 percent decline in its customer traffic since 2008. ". Wow. I thought it was all due to the inferior product that they serve. Denial reigns supreme!

There is a great seafood restaurant on Cape Cod where you pay at the counter. It's called Seafood Sams and what makes it great is the food. Red Lobster's quality is so low that it doesn't matter how fast they serve. You are paying for cheap fried batter with very little inside.Red lobster is not that good to begin with, and i sure am not paying $50 bucks for the wife and I to eat like that.  Absolute deal breaker.

Sounds Great! NO MORE TIPPING nowdays when people can't afford it. Will they pay their people a decent wage though?

sales are down because we dont have any extra money.

First Red Lobster has to come up with food worth eating.

I never mind tipping even at "fast-casual".  Tips are life's blood to servers, who can legally be paid much less than minimum wage to offset the gains in tips.  I like the idea of going quickly, like we do at Sizzler during lunch.  Pay up front and they bring your plates to you.

oh and I shouldn't forget to say- buying this food at restrautants that have dirty kithcens and employees that don't wash their hands and no hairnets on.

we all know this world is impatient plus we have to listen to kids misbehaving and now no relaxing with a drink and smoke. Those are the two reasons I quit restrautants-- I rather cook at home,get good food , relax and have a smoke afterward. No kids!!!!!

resturant owners need to pay their own help,im getting tired of paying,if im gonna give cash away it will be for my workers or friends and family

Why waste your hard earned money on garbage places like these.

The sooner chain restaurants die off the better.  It was a nice fad but people are wising up.Even Red Lobsters biscuits aren't that good to me, very small like a hockey puck and as hard and tasteless oh did I mention salty!

Good move. Do not need waitress/waiter service for lunch as extended lunchtime is over for many.  Let it become more self serve to reduce/eliminate tipping which adds to the overall cost.

Why does RL resort to using paper cups, plates and napkins, as well as plastic sporks and knives?  They could rename their business, maybe call it "Captain RL"  I'd like a drive-thru window, too, and maybe a playground area like McD's offers the little piglets.

How smart.  Not a word about the economy or lack of jobs possibly affecting this.

These restaurants are nothing more than upscale fast food joints. Middle of the road food quality and expensive prices along with the demand for unreasonable tips. A little research and one can find excellent quality dining at locally owned restaurants for less money and increased quality.

Most Red Lobsters are always crowded so unless they put the register at the back of the restaurant this won't be a good idea. They'll have a crowd of people waiting to be seated and a crowd waiting to pay.

Red Lobster has turned into an Applebees

Don't listen to the Government! When the recession / depression is over, OG, RL, and the likes of Branns, Logans and the others will stop running the 2 dinners for $20 deals.Watch for the end to Subway's $5 footlong.

Greed over paying Americans what they are worth.  This CEO seems to think people should work for nothing and he's doing all he can to see that it's that way.

Every take-out restaurant, even pizza places expect tips for food they are already charging to prepare.I have tended to stay away from places like Sonic that are in the same category as McDonalds but have people that come to your car to take your order and bring your food.  Another 15%.

EFF them.  They just want to do away with more of those employees who will just expect to be paid for their labor.  It's also a way to cut hours and deny them healthcare - which is exactly what this CEO has been doing all along.    I'm done with his chains if he sees having employees as such an "evil."

Isn't that the way almost all places worked several years ago?  As a child, I don't remember any place that the bill wasn't paid at the register.  The waitor/waitress would bring you the bill but you paid at the register.  Of course, since my family was just regular middle class, we didn't go to "fancy" restaurants.

I like to be waited. I guess Red Lobster is officially scratched out of my list.

Go to Chinese Buffet, have variety and cheap.

This makes sense. Red Lobster and Olive Garden lunch customers are notoriously poor tippers. My ex used to waitress at Olive Garden and they always start the newbies at lunch service. Almost everyone who came in got the all-you-can-eat pasta bowl and breadsticks. It was only like $8.99 a person and most people would eat like pigs, requiring multiple plates of food each. And, then they would usually stiff the waitress and waddle their fat butts out the door.

Do I get to keep my tips?

Is there a savings for the consumer in this?

WHAT DO YOU BET that this really has to do with Obamacare.  Start cutting down on the number of workers and pretend it is something else altogether.

Red Lobster needs to do a LOT more than this to get me to ever return.  Poor quality food, preprared poorly, isn't something I am interested in at the table or the counter.I have a unique idea. Why doesn't Red Lobster try selling fresh seafood instead of frozen processed swill?

Good luck getting good waiters and waitresses. If they still are going to pay only $3 an hour for help those folks have to make a living on tips. If you take the tips away then you have to pay them $8 an hour. Who is running Darden, a 5th grader?

BAsically all the fish and seafood at Red Lobster is frozen which really affects the quality.

The moral fabric of our society is fraying. God sees people openly eating shellfish and is not pleased. Hallelujah! Praise Jezzuz!

If you cut portions and cut quality and increase prices do you think sales should go up? Are these companies really that stupid to think we are that naive?

Their food is so salty, I have to believe most of it is pre-packaged/processed.  If I'm paying those prices, I expect the food to be actually cooked by a real cook in a proper fashion!  Not some glamourized seafood version of McDonalds!

...Went to a red lobster in ut. a while back..Out of lobster, out of crab...Good thing I like Mahi Mahi...&amp; it def. wasn't fresh.

When you have only the money for burgers or homemade pasta, you don't buy Lobster and Steak.That aside, if you go to a restaurant and receive service from “tipped” staff, you should tip. It is part of their salary and they make very low wages without tips. It is rude and selfish not to tip unless an unlikely situation occurs and you receive bad service due to the fault of the server (not because too few wait staff was scheduled, that's management's fault). Not tipping should not be a frequent occurance.

Won't help Darden.They have damaged their reputation by the way they treat their employees.

Brilliant!!  It's all about profit.  Get the customer to do the work, charge the same rate for the product/service and let the customer think it's all about convenience.  Did the price of gas go down when they got rid of full service pumping? no..Reading many comments here about how far many good restaurants have lowered their class and now serving to Ghetto trash and such, I believe may I know the reason why you see this. In recent years the economy has really went down hill and I'm sure you know that as well as I. With the restaurants struggling to survive they all come up with those LOWER AFFORDABLE menu's. With that said, that menu became affordable to some in the lower economic scale. Those lower class people feel HEY we can afford that lunch at Applebee's or where ever and you start seeing them go there. Of course word of mouth advertising helps when Billy Bob tells Cousin Silas about the cheaper meals and they feel they have raised themselves a notch in life.I personally don't care who eats where as they have a right to chose. I just want them to be clean and bathed and behave right. Its not always their kids misbehaving. I have seen mothers who are supposedly in at least middle class ignore screaming kids or let them be absolute slobs with food all over the floor near their table in some fine restaurants. . This goes to with about restaurants denying kids. A different subject I know. Again as long as the parents control the child's crying and make attempt to take a crying child outside--I welcome any child from infant to toddler (the ages banned in some places)

How about refills on drinks. I eat at Buffets sometimes and at buffets you pay before you eat. All the wait staff does is bring drinks and rolls and refills on drinks and sometimes a little extra something like a new condiment that had run out. You still tip them. I particularly don't care what method they use as long as food and service is good.

It's called Obama's RECESSION!STOP the Meida LIES!

It is the cost,quantity and quality of your products....not the service or lack of it that is Darden's issues.

Just make good food with quality ingredients.  People will come.

Funny,  I like this new "pay at the counter" concept, or as we called it 50 years ago, "carry-out".

It's real simple. Don't eat at corporate restaurants. Support your community. Eat at the little guy.

Reality is the consumer has less money to spend because their employers are cutting all benefits.Welcome to the real world. Most of the "chain" restaurants have mediocre food and servers that expect large tips while being belligerant. My "night out" has disolved to pizza from WalMart . . . as I wait for the Republicans to cut my Social Security . .. .

Red Lobster = over priced, mediocre food.  The fall-off in business is due to serving a bland, over cooked lobster tail for $35 bucks.

Leviticus 11: 9-10. You will all fry in the burning pit of fire!!!!!!!Isn't most of the food at Red Lobster imported from Southeast Asia.

Red lobster isnt restaurant quality food.

The 8 percent decline in its customer traffic since 2008 could be because of the 25+% increase in the food tab......you ever think of that?

God hates shellfish.

Red Lobster like Olive Garden need fresh food no  more pre packaged pastas. They basically sell High Price TV dinners. and by the way that isn;t an opinion ask anyone who has ever worked at one of these places.

The quality of their food is better suited for the pay at the counter concept. I remember when it use to be special to go to Red Lobster.

I just hope they increase the pay of the server that drops off the food.

Market Broiler in Southern California is way better than Red Lobster.

This souonds like the end of casual dining to me.

another scheme to get rid of workers and fatten profitsIts good to have a choice.

Owe-bamanomics

I only get a 1/2 hour lunch break. I don't even have time to pay at the counter, let alone sit and be served. Until our corporate overlords graciously allow an hour lunch, I won't be eating anywhere for lunch.

What ever happened to Bon Jovi's "Pay what you can" restaurant?

Aw man....no more dine and dash...ha, just kidding.Yes, let me pay for my food when I am done, many times, we wait forever for the waiter to come back or trying to flag him down.

Eliminating employees to evade gov't health caremandates couldn't possibly have anything to do with it.

Led Robster.

Haven't been to Dead Lobster in years.  The quality of the food has gone so down hill &amp; the prices so up hill, I'll never go back.

They should be real creative and take the cell phones out of the waiter's/waitress'hands.

They will run a credit report on you at the cash register to see if you need a 2nd mortgage to pay for the meal.  It's just business folks.Hey guess what lunch is not an all day affair people on the average have an hour to eat lunch and Red Lobster is just to slow to compete at that time of day standing in line to order then get their food ought to really get them coming in more often.

I really don't like that idea. I much prefer table service.

Stopped going to "full service restaurants" when the waiters started introducing themselves.  That is the most annoying.

Chipotle food...is being discussed in a positive light?

My wife and I eat out at RL maybe once a month.  We have had very different experiences at the same location.  Sometimes the food is good and the service is terrible.  Sometimes the service is good and the food is terrible.  On rare occasions both the food and the service is great.  We just go with the hope that we can catch it at the right time.  Their prices are a little high-but we don't mind provided the food is good.

First off, Olive Garden is massively overpriced for what it is.  I always thought that there was a big gap in the market for Italian food (not just pizzerias) at the $7-9/person price point including drink.  Pasta is cheap, its easy to make, and it keeps fresh in warm water for a good while.  Why isnt there a successful national fast-service Italian chain?  Why doesnt Darden do this with Olive Garden instead of Red Lobster?Second, if they're bringing your food to your table, and getting refills, I think I'd still feel guilty if I didnt tip - which means I probably wouldnt go.  If the drinks were self-serve, I think that might be better, but it sucks for the waitstaff if they still have to do 50% of the job (expo, running, refills, bussing) but the customers are given the idea its not tipped service.  Hope they at least make min wage on those shifts, in states where servers dont make min wage anyway...Not that I'm just cheap, but as a former Olive Garden server myself, I always felt if you cant afford to tip, then dont go to sit-down restaurants, find a counter-service place instead.

Blame Obama, it is too late to blame Bush.

so you stand at a counter with a line behind you and decide which of the two menue items to order? sounds like a recipe for sucess. then how do you get rid of the wait staff even further? have customers pick up their own food from the kitchen robots, then clean their tables after?

The best way to improve restaurant business is to outlaw tipping.  After getting the shock of the large bill due to al a cart pricing no one is prepared for the 20% or more expected by the server.  Let the price of the goods sold carry all of the cost of production and delivery.  A lesson that the auto industry needs to learn.  They too are facing resistance to high msrp and then finding delivery and additional dealer greed added on.You go to the doctor, does your bill include a charge for him/her coming to the office?I believe that requirement to price properly will not only alleviate stress it will create a consumer that will forcefully complain if service is not as it should be.  Let that weed out the good from the bad.

Red Lobster's food is on par with Appleby's.  The amount of food given is like most kid's meals anywhere else, too.Red Lobster, although it has great food, has always been overpriced relative to their competition. Now, it seems that they want to eliminate employee JOBS. They spin it another way, saying that the customer won't have to TIP, but any reasonable person can read through their spin!

How about increasing the size of the lobster served to their customers and lowering their prices. Over the past 15 years I have eaten at Red Lobster 4 times and each time left very unhappy as for what I paid I feel I did not receive nearly enough food. When the lobster is high priced and gone in 3-4 bites, no wonder sales are down. It is not the waiters it is the food and the prices.

Darden Restaurants Inc., just because they dont want health care payments !!!!!!

Makes sense to do this at lunch time. A lot of people don't want to sit down and commit themselves to an hour or more at a restaurant, where an overworked waiter or waitress keeps them stuck at the table, when all they want to do is pay and leave.

How about Red Lobster focus on putting out a decent product.  Worst chain in America.  I will NEVER return.  These people couldn't even properly fix fish and chips. What makes me think they can do anything else?

Good idea.....at least the waitstaff can't steal your credit card info while they take it out of your sight...I always pay cash, when the wait staff takes the chek and payment at table.....most Mex rest's you pay at door...good policy...!!!

They were hurt when they decided to rake the employees over the coals at Olive Garden when it was time for Obamacare.   The public organized and protested.  How are these workers going to make a living now.  I don't know who can afford to go out to eat. The middle class hasn't had a real wage increase in three decades.  Things are going to get worse-not better.  The middle class and the lower class are becoming one.  The budget with the loss of jobs combined with austerity measures is a recipe for disaster.  Wall Street going crazy may have to do with the fact that corporate profits have gone-up 20% each year for the last four years.  What did the workers here get out of it. I don't see the corporations investing money here. They are sitting on their money just like the 1%.

Soon only the rich will be able to afford to eat out. We get poorer by the day, while the rich get richer.

good service much better than having to leave a tip to a badd server.

Here is what I have noticed New Chains start out Great then they figure out how to save a buck quality changes they start feeling the anger then they try to correct the cheapness...Next concept is "cook your own damn food"...  can't wait !!

i don't like Red Lobster, Olive Garden,or Applebee's..I'd rather eat at home..the food is much better

Oh, you mean it has nothing to do with the fact that awful servers keep expecting higher tips?  What is it up to now 20%?  Yeah, cuz I love going to a restaurant, paying high prices for average food and bad service, then tipping 20% of my overpriced, inadequately serviced meal to a server who just expects it.  I am done with restaurants until they all move toward this

Everything is too salty at our Red Lobster; including the cheese biscuits.The fish I had was inedible it was so salty.

That will make them the most expensive 'pay at the counter" restaurant in the world.

Red Lobster used to be my favorite restaurant. I've taken my family there many times over the years, but once I learned the true right wing nature of their parent company, that was it. We'll never eat there again. There are plenty of other places to go. What Darden and the rest of their Republican buddies don't seem to realize is that if consumers don't have jobs and/or are bankrupted by healthcare costs, they won't have disposable income to waste of luxeries they can easily live without--like dinners at Red Lobster.

Red Lobster serves grade Z frozen seafood. Not a fresh fish in sight.Have you ever walked by a Red Lobster and looked inside at who is eating there? Nuff said...

With true unemployment being 14.3% not the 7.8% touted by the White House, who has the money to eat out? RL is lucky they have only dropped 8%.

Maybe the could just have a food trough we're they throw in cheddar biscuits and shrimp, no menus, silverware, napkins, and you could still pay at the counter.

Who can afford to eat out at these restraunts anymore....Took awhile but I actually learned how to cook.....I wonder why more restaurants don't offer smartphone aps to order and pay from the table.  Seems like it would be more convenient than having 8 people at the table giving 8 credit cards to the waiter..

In the U.S. tipping adds 20% to the price of the meal.Everywhere else on the planet it's 10% or less.

"8 percent decline in its customer traffic since 2008." Maybe, just maybeit has something to do with the lousy economy???? People can't go outto eat if they have no job.

Great, and the waiter that makes $3.13/hour gets no tip because people won't feel obligated to.  Way to screw your employees.

I hate tipping for 2 reasons: I can never tell if it's enough or too much and I resent being put into that position. And #2, I believe restauranst should pay their staff a decent wage and stop the practice of tipping. I know from experience that wait staff never makes enough and it makes me uncomfortable that I am involved in the process.

Anything, ANYTHING in order not to pay for employee health care .

Or they could just stop serving rotten food. How can people eat Red Lobster? It has to be the worst seafood place I can think of.

The problem is long waits to be seated, and ridiculously high prices.

you get what you pay for. raise the minimum wage and maybe you'll get better service.

thank god, because you can never find a server when it comes time to pay.So the server who brings the food out to them gets no tip?

No because Money is Dirty so before you eat you pay stupid unless they wash your hands for you after you Pay.

They should post where the CEO lives and the kinds of cars he drives. I doubt he is suffering much

The reason is the democrap economy that collapsed in 2008 and the failure of the Obama administration to improve the economy. People cannot eat at restaurants like they used to. The best selling restaurant products are those on the dollar menus. You have too many establishments competing for too few restaurant slated dollars.

I love Red Lobster...such a wide variety.

Red Lobster sucks

Darden greed knows no bounds. Cut portion sizes, raise prices, treat employees like #$%$...now add more people to the unemployment lines. Horrible company. I will never again eat at any Darden-owned restaurant. They can shut their doors for all I care. Good riddance.

It's the economy stupid?  If people aren't working or are making less then there is less to spend in restaurants.  Believe obama and his people at your peril.  The economy isn't getting better just because the obama press corps says it is.

The economy is shrinking. Make all the changes you want but as long as Obama is president, the economy will keep shrinking and these restaurants will keep struggling.

If Red Lobster has call centers in India to take your order at their restaurants they can amass even more money/ Isn't that what life is all about?Have Lead Robster considered that the 8% decline might be because we don't want to pay 15% for horrible service ?  Have they considered that the service could be better if they hired better people and paid them a living wage, with benefits ?  Evidence to the contrary notwithstanding, people are not fools. Their idiotic marketing types obviously don;t get that.

just great...McLobsters? yuck

Their problem is that the food is terrible.

The champion of fast-casual is Chik-fil-A.  You can't find a parking spot in their lots.

Disgusting !

Lets be clear, this will enable Darden to cut a few jobs at all restaurants, if it works. Darden clearly stated that they would make cuts if Mr. Obama was elected. It is a "test" program, that if successful, will be seen at other Darden locations, Olive Garden, Applebees, and Red Lobster. Just waiting for the Koch brothers to live up to the promise (threat) they also made to their employees.

you dont pay your employees shi$ now, so make it so they dont get tips either   real smart

I had some bad experiences at Red Lobster about 20 years ago and stopped going. I decided to give them another chance to see if anything changed. The salad was soggy and the biscuits were stale. The fish that my child ordered smelled so fishy and had a grey slimy texture. The waiter couldn't even tell me what kind of fish it was when I asked. I paid the check and left with all the food on the table. I didn't tell the management because I figured they should have known better and didn't want to waste my time since I will never go there again. Maybe that is why their business is suffering. I see the commercials on television and it makes me nautious as I think of the food we were served.

Red Lobster the Denny's of seafood restaurants.

Doesn't mean they won't have a TIP jar!The "seafood" has always been godawful--shrimp the size of micro-organisms, everything overbreaded and  fried, portions tiny, miniscule baby lobsters ripped from their mothers' claws, and all in a "yo heave ho" ersatz seafood restaurant setting.  They should be sued for impersonating a seafood restaurant. Ditto the rest of the Darden chain:  Sample Analogy Question:  "Olive Garden is to Fake Italian restaurant as Red Lobster is to Fake _______ restaurant."  Easy to blame the underpaid waitstaff stuck with serving overpriced, bad food and forced to promote "specials"  to customers stupid enough to go their expecting anything approximating a "dining experience."  Why would they want to tip after being overcharged and underfed except for muffins and breading?

Take your own lunch! No waiting! No complaining! Much healthier! Simple!

Cant beat the lobster you get here in Maine

For the price you pay for frozen seafood to be reheated and delivered to you by some unprofessional pimple faced teen, you could do a smidgen of research and find a local restaurant in your area that serves fresh food made from scratch. It amazes me that the red lobsters, applebee's, TGI Friday's, Denny's etc of the world draw customers at all. What's wrong with your tasted buds America!?

Went to Red Lobster once, probably the worst restraurant experience of my life.  Will NEVER, EVER go back.

Places like Ponderosa Steakhouse have been doing that for years, and who says you don't have to tip? Is Darden Group going to up the hourly wage of "tipped" employees to compensate for the loss of tips? These were the guys who wanted to make all staff part time so they don't have to pay for benefits!

Next thing is they will hand you a net at the door and send you out back to catch your own lunch.

I spend $3 or less for lunch.  Red Lobster doesn't fit in my price range.

besides when mediochre is the norm and great service is a thing of the past.Why go out?

I have always had good service at Red Lobster.  We don't go there often as it is 125 miles away.Red Lobster's brand has high prices that make it tough to sell an economical lunch.  They contradict themselves with that.Our local RL is very good for lunch and reasonably priced.  VERY good.  The one across town is not.

ROCKFORD, IL. =4 PEOPLE=$160.00 plus !  this place gets a double thumbs down ! XXXXXXXX

Bad idea

OH PLEASE, they just are trying to get rid of employees because they dont want to have to pay insurance for a lot of them.  Boy oh boy these corporations will do ANYTHING to make sure that the middle class to poor, will STAY that way or drop DOWN.

This sucks for the wait staff. They still do as much work and get paid less than minimum wage because the government dictates that the restaurant assume that tips take the wait staff up to $7.49/hr. and sucks out taxes, Medicare and FICA out at the $7.49/hr. rate.Too many people assume that restaurant workers all make minimum wage. At some places even the dish washer and bus-staff get paid less than minimum because the wait staff are forced to share tips with them.If people want to beat people out of a tip, dine at home or eat at Mickey D’s.

I trained my dog to get a beer from the frig in exchange for a bone.  He thinks the deal is so good he will bring them to me when I don't ask.  Surely someone deserves more than minimum wage to carry a plate from point A to B.  That requires years of formal education and years of professional training.

Lat time I ate there the lettuce was all chopped up like a kiddie salad.  Not very classy.

Tips used to be a voluntary gratuity for prompt and friendly service.  How did liberals turn it into another entitlement by making laws turning it into a mandatory handout?

people are tired of this tip stuff went to a restaurant to eat paid the bill and was walking out the door the waiter ran over and said what about the tip ! told him to bet big on hollly rollar in the third race at the local race track the next day!!!!! that horseis going to win! its all set!!!!!!!!!

That's all they have in New Zealand; of course they also pay their employees a livable wage...So now those old people at The Villages can run their waitresses to death, demanding this and that, then sneak out without leaving their $2 tip......

Better known as a way of saying go around Obama care.............

Red Lobster just lost my business. The waitresses are called waitresses because they wait on our tables. I suppose there will be an automatic tip taken at that counter....no thank you.

Nothing to do with tips. It's time.

Maybe this will work but think could the drop in customers since 2008 be the recession which hurt most americans and the world. Maybe people are not going out as much or just can't afford to dine out cause their not working.

A lot of people can't afford to eat an expensive meal and pay 20 percent for service too. So this is a great alternative for those who want to eat out once in a while and for the restaurant who may pick up some new business. Unfortunately it's bad for the servers who will make less in tips.

The Automat returns LOL the new depression with old tricks

this is news? It's called a cafeteria and they've been around forever

If you think Chipotle and Panera are restaurant quality food then Red Lobster doing this is right up your alley because you don't know the difference.

So if you pay at the counter, they bring the food out to you and still do all the normal things except take your order and you do not tip? Im paying how much again to order form the table vs the counter in tipping? I thought the tip was for everything the server did. Why are we tipping the bartender if we are ordering at the counter then? Takes alot of effort to pop the top off my beer I guess.That concept they will implement should be called "Conversion to long john silver's".

Once again, they're getting it wrong. They purposefully hired part time workers to avoid offering healthcare. You get what you pay for. Horrible staff. Horrible service. I'm not forking over $70 for a dinner for 2 (tip and drinks included). PAY YOUR PEOPLE RIGHT!! TREAT THEM RIGHT!!!

Sure lets cut more American jobs out of the economy just to balance the books. But hey China is working and America is now lowering its wage scale. (Sarcasm intended)

"The parent company of Red Lobster and Olive Garden, has blamed the shift in eating habits in part for an 8 percent decline in its customer traffic since 2008." I think I would place the blame squarely on the LACK OF QUALITY IN THE FOOD!

Healthy people don't eat at Red Lobster. Their cheddar biscuits are 438 calories each enough for one meal and their sea food is frozen and overcooked. The fat 400lbs people that use to eat there are now on EBT cards because they no longer have a job. The concept is just outdated. People want fresh and healthy.

I hope if they use this they continue to have the regular restaurant also. Both options would be better than none. My brother won't go anywhere else to eat because he always gets the huge platter with lobster &amp; everything else. I'm not a fan of sea food so I usually just get a steak. Their non-sea food menu is sparse and I wish there were more options. I remember when they used to have shi-K-bob (?). It was great.

Maybe I'll go back when the sodium levels actually reach a somewhat normal level.

I wish the food looked like the tv commercials.   Last time I went it looked like a piece of microwaved fish and veg.

The parent company of Red Lobster and Olive Garden, has blamed the shift in eating habits in part for an 8 percent decline in its customer traffic since 2008.Because people are tired of paying for #$%$ food, could that be why?!?!?!?

One main reason why I hate sitting down at a nice place to eat is because I have to pay more than what the food "costs" due to a tip.  If you think any two for $20 is just 20 bucks your fooling yourself.  Think, $20, plus tax plus 2.50 for a top.  Its more like $25 then if you want to add a drink add another 2 per person.  So, you actually pay around $30 for a sit down meal.  Just too much.The concept, known in the industry as "dine and dash"

Why don't they just dump all their food in a large trough, and charge customers by the square foot?

people are broke. attendance at restaurants will continue to fall as associated with higher prices for basic necessities such as rent, fuel, and the other 20 meals of the week; if you can afford to eat that often.

How can we eliminate a dozen $2.65/hr jobs? Wow, scraping the bottom.

Red Lobster is sooo 80s. Fake #$%$ seafood

Darden should blame it on this: High prices.

if it looks like fast food. and tastes like fast food, might as well treat it as fast food.

we have to wait 10 to 15 minutes to be seated even tho there are 75% empty tables.

Customers place their orders at a counter and a server brings their food out to them when it's ready.Sounds like Captain D's to me.

We stopped going to Olive Garden due to the disappearing wait staff and generally poor attitude of all employees there.  Do they teach this or do they merely attract staff who does not care?  On the last trip, our server disappeared for the length of a Bible.I'll stick with Cracker Barrel nothing better than breakfast for dinner!!

The problem with most chain restaurants is that they make their waiters and waitresses try to 'trick you' into buying the most expensive items on the menu. If they are successful, they keep their jobs. However, once you realized that you have paid over $60 for dinner, you are likely not going to go back. It's been like this for the past 8 years.

I go to a lot of restaurants that only have counter pay. they can't stack your card or other B.S. games when your standing in front of them.

What happens when they don't bring the right order...or something is wrong with the food order...this only has to happen once...and it is good bye customer forever.

Red Lobster sucks.  Poor quality food, reduced portions and bad unprofessional wait staff.  I have had better food and service at "greasy spoon" restaurants.  Darden is nothing but a money hungry corporation.

Great idea , but it's not helping unemployment .

And the servers are still going to get paid poverty wages, only now they wont get the tips. Sounds like a win for Red Lobster, but a loss for the employees.

if you want good seafood, why would you go to Red Lobster?

Why on earth go to a Darden restaurant, or any of the other chains for that matter. They all serve the same pre-processed food from Sysco. It's barely one step above McDonald's.

Used to work great for Sizzler. But then Sizzler changed all that and cheapened their food quality too.Glad to see other giving it a try.It's a great system.Red Lobster should focus on better quality food too.I think a choice is a nice option.  There are always going to be people who want to sit down and be served, and people who'd rather do without the waitress.  Having a choice makes a lot of sense.

Funny how everyone is on the capitalism bandwagon until they realize it means the corporations get to rule by their own bottom line.

This new policy is going to cost servers their jobs.  I liked being waited on and don't mind giving a tip for good service.  Lets keep the servers.  What will they think of next, Robots taking orders and serving food?

Ugh...Red Lobster is going to be the new Sizzler.......yuck.

Waitstaff Takes It In Rear Again!

Red Lobster's food is poor at best. How about addressing that?

the jigs who eat there don't tip anyway, and some eat and run so this is smarter business

More jobs eliminated to pay for obamacare costs.

when you are forced to pay more taxes (thank you Obumer) you have less money for the little pleasures of eating out.

I wish more places would offer this. Sometimes I just want to eat, without the slow ritual of being shown to a table, waiting for a waiter, having them insist on first taking my drink order, waiting for them to return with the drink, when they will then take my order, then waiting for the food, waiting for the bill, waiting for them to take my credit card, waiting for them to return with it so I can sign it, and then paying extra for the privilege of doing all this waiting.Red Lobster is to seafood as Olive Garden is to Italian.

This is due to Obama Care.  Companies are reducing employees to avoid having to pay for health insurance.  One of the unintended consequiences of poorly designed legislation.  We need to repeal it, and vote out every single Democrat from office.

Red Lobster is SO over-rated. If you like their food, then you've probably never been to a good seafood restaurant. They actually weigh EVERY morsel of food that goes onto your plate (yes, even the salad) too. Red Lobster is a total ripoff.

Frozen, breaded, fried, farm raised, hormone feed seafood. Yummmm...

fast food  for the  slow minded

Bad idea that comes from a bad franchise.

As a seafood lover, I would never pick Red Lobster for good seafood. Its all reheated frozen packaged stuff. The last time I went there, it was close to work. The salad was wilted, brown lettuce. The shrimp were so small, I could hardly believe it and the drinks tasted watered down. Not to mention that the wait for the food was at least a half hour long. And the waiter never came back again after serving the food. We had to hunt someone down. Go to a REAL seafood restaurant. You can get the recipe for their biscuits on line and are very easy to make.

Darden Restaurants are awesome, their food delicious, their service excellent. The decline is not due to anything they are doing or not doing, it is because people can't afford to eat out! I would LOVE to go to Red Lobster, I just can't afford it :(

Add to that the FACT that their salads are PRECUT coming intothe restaurants and, at least, taste like there is preservative onthe salad. We now get Cole slaw and our 48 year olddaughter gets sick if she eats their OLD salad. FYI:she won't even eat there now. No wonder they are introuble, and now they want to begin a method used onlyin white trash restaurants. We'd all better look for someother sea food restaurant.

Red Lobster is some trash !!Rigatoni does the same but you, as customer, still need to tip but probably not 15% like at a sitting down eatery.

All these restaurants, fast food included, give less &amp; charge more. Thats what is making people stay away.

The Obama factor.....Shrinking middleclass...wait until Obamacare kicks in and everyone knows whats in it....

Red Lobster sucks! who would want to eat that #$%$?

I like the dine and dash option better. Order your food, eat, then after the bill is brought to your table, wait a few minutes, then run like hell out of the door.

I'd rather just get a pizza at my local pizza joint - 1/3 the price compared to a meal for my husband and I at Red Lobster, fresh dough, fresh mozarella, and good sauce!  Quality is so much better than at these chains!

I used to work as a waiter for Red Lobster, and pay at the counter is a bad idea.Over 18 years ago RL used have pay at the counter concept, but many times the customer walk out without paying the bill.Pay at the counter is bad for the wait staff too, it decreases the tip about 20% than full service restaurant.

Other restaurants have tried this and it failed.

Do I have clean the table too?

I have not gone to red lobster for at least 20 years and Garden is down to 3 - 4 times a year. I don't mind paying for and tipping for good food and service so counter service ain't going to get me back to RL or OG.my daughter loves Red Lobster so I take her there, once in a while, its about 8 miles from our house, and every time we go, there is a waiting time of at least 30 minutes to get a table.  The place is packed.  Now I do not really care for Olive Garden, they seem expensive and  we have a local chain that is similar and has better food and its a couple bucks cheaper on every item.

Thanks Obamacare

Captain D's and Long Johns are better.

Haven't been to a Red Lobster in years, when they discontinued serving their overpriced halibut and substituted tilapia, and the waiter tried to convince me it "tastes pretty much the same."Before that, I'd never heard of tilapia.  Now, it is everywhere.  Grocery stores, chinese restaurants, etc.  Must be a large population of them and dwindling populations of halibut, cod, and haddock.Tilapia is okay, but it doesn't taste pretty much the same.  Especially, when I'm in the mood for halibut.

A rose by any other name is still a rose

Olive Garden in northeast PA is booked solid from opening to close.  If they aren't making money, its something else...maybe too many chiefs, not enough indians.  We always have to wait 15-25 minutes for a seat.

service has gone downhill while there prices have gone uphill

I can not afford to eat in a resturant, still looking for a good paying job.....

This way, you see, they won't have to fork over the $3.57 in wage to the server and put more people out of work - way to go Lobster.

Huh- they really believe that the shift in eating habits is due to a "more convenient setting"? The prices at Red Lobster have recently increased yearly- the price of the Ultimate Feast is now $26.00.  I can get better pricing at three star restaurants in this area.  Also- the food at Olive Garden is a disgrace- too salty and everything frozen and not made to order.The problem is that Red Lobster is a black people magnet and we all know that black people don't tip. If Red Lobster really wanted to increase sales they could just accept EBT cards.

How about testing out not cutting employees' hours to avoid providing health care? I'll start caring about Red Lobster again after that.

If you're going to Red Lobster for fine dining, you missed the memo. Might as well send that #$%$ out in a styrofoam box anyway.

Get Fat when you get in !.....too much butter ?

I went to "RED LOBSTER" for dinner and ordered snow crab legs and the waitress brought me king crab legs.  Of course I questioned this and the waitress simply said I can have them.  I started eating them and within 10 minutes the she came back and informed me that her manager told her to exchange my plate for snow crab.  I was like SERIOUSLY?  She said yes and took my plate half eaten.  This happened in 2005 and haven't been back since.

Red Lobster should practice serving a meal that resembles their promotion and menus.

Yet another reason to patronize your local mom and pop restaurant.

I'll give them a try.  I'm tired of being expected to tip for bad to mediocre service by young slackers that probably voted for Obama.

I don't mind tipping I  just don't like them taking my credit card and walking away with it only to return in 10 minutes. A lot of bad things can happen in those 10 minutes. Paying at the counter is safer.

When has tipping become mandatory? The word tips is an anachronism for To Ensure Prompt Service. The standard was 15% of a bill before taxes. In Japan if you give a tip they take it as an insult, it's like your telling them to go back and learn their job over because they are not good at it. I don't mind tipping and usually over tip but I don't like being expected to do something that is voluntary to begin with. The only thing worse is those tip jars at the counter where they don't do anything but take your order and money.The servers are on board with the move.  It's not like the black people are tipping them anyway. :-/

Sigh;....Christians tip with Gospel tracts.Muslims &amp; Atheists Tip sometimes 100%+ of the bill.

Eating shellfish is an abomination unto God! Those who eat shellfish, prepare to spend eternity in the fiery pits of hell! Fellow Bible-thumpers, we must protest Red Lobsters everywhere!!!

The restaurants listed in the article are in my area.  They are jam-packed every single day of the week so I have to wonder about the decline in sales.

You know, last time I went to Red Lobster, I saw my waiter stick my card in his pocket and then swipe it at one of those terminals.  I then saw something on 20/20 about these waiters stealing numbers and such and I was hot over that.  then I remembered, after looking at the receipt, I used one of those gift visa things so it was cool.  HOWEVER, I havent been back since.  I would rather pay at the register, where I know who is handling my card.

I want to say, I will miss Red Lobster when they go out of business.

You can blame the economy, Obama, the GOP or climate change but the simple truth is THE FOOD AND SERVICE SUCKS at Red Lobster, Olive Garden and the like. Call Gordon Ramsey, he'll tell ya in five seconds. IT"S THE FOOD YOU STUPID DONKEY!

Hey, Red Lobster!  It is called competition, you want to gain customers, worry about the food, and the customers will come.

I'm sure Red Lobster is just doing this to enhance their bottom line on the backs of waiters and waitresses.

....but the food will still remain fake seafood.Red Lobster sucks! They use to be a pretty good place to eat about 10 to 15 years ago. Now they just suck if you go before 4 pm they want you to go to the bar until they have enough waitress  to serve you.Will never go back

it is so true our economy depends on the middle class.  I'm not a fan of the food but the point is the poor cant afford to eat out and the majority of the wealth wouldn't eat at a chain restaurant. wait and see a lot of restaurants, malls department store will be closing.  another point is all these chain stores over expanded in the past 10 years.  there is a cvs Walgreen Home Depot lowes Starbucks etc on every corner.  what were they thinking.

Well they always say they see food differently.

Maybe if people made enough to tip

Where to start?  8% drop in business has nothing to do with eating habits, but the fact that their food is overpriced and times are tough.  Appealing to people that don't want to tip, we know who that means.  And this doesn't apply to the whole menu, but you can bet that it will be covered with whatever that butter-like substance is they drizzle all over everything.Boston Market went from the fast food format to this method and I don't know if it's working but I don't go there anymore.

So they say, but in reality, it's another way to cut back on JOBS. There are people who like to sit and relax and be waited on.

The hell with chain restaurants!!!  Support mom and pop places or cook at home.

Still think the economy is back, nobody's consistently blowing big bucks for lunch anymore. Who can afford it when $22/hour is comparable to minimum wage in the past.

Its kinda like fast food, eat and run. Besides, tips at sit down, also the drinks can run you $$ when eating with the family.

Could it be that Darden is posting losses because their prices are too high?  That couldn't be it at all. :-/Oh so basically carry out? Which they already have if you just called ahead?  Way to think outside the box Red Lobster, you just don't wan't to have to pay for obamacare so you are trying to cut everyones hours and the amount of servers you have.

Funny, they blame a lot of different things, but never mention the terrible food.

I'll be really honest, I'd rather "pay at the counter" after reading all the horror stories of employees making clones of cards and then wiping out accounts...when you hand over a debit/credit card, you have no idea what they are doing with it...not hard to run it through a card reader and make a duplicate (the equipment on ebay is under $250)...that's why I love places like McDonald's where I swipe the card myself...

Red Lobster should be renamed Red Herring. Anyone who doesn't understand the term "red herring" is probably too young and doesn't know any better.

If you've ever eaten at any Vietnamese restaurants, the role of the waiter/waitress is to take  your order, bring you your food, and give you your check.  Once you have your check, you take it up to the counter and pay.Do not expect your waiter/waitress to check up on you mid-meal and ask how things are.  If you need something. flag them down or else you won't hear from them again until you get your check.In turn, the waiters/waitresses do not expect to be generously tipped.  $2 on a $20 tab is perfectly acceptable.-Vietnamese guy

McDonald's has been doing this from the beginning.

bye bye waiters and waitresses ! good job obama !

I notice the sisco delivery truck much more often at ALL restaurants.  This is generic (imported from china) food at its worst.  Even at the supermarket I avoid ALL food caught or processed in China, I don't need melamine fertilizer in my meals !!

The last time we went to Red Lobster the service was horrid.  Worst service ever, we even called the manager over to complain and his response was, "Well, your waitress also has that big party in the back".  Really?  If they want customers, they need to provide at the least fair service or preferably good service.

I wonder if it has anything to do with the way they treat their employees?   what goes around comes around, hope they are out of business by the end of the year...IMO....Great Concept if your waiting on a table. By the time the table is ready, so is your food.

I wonder how that will affect the f^&amp;*!g automatic tip for bad service?

The 8% decline is due to the public becoming more aware of just how horrible the overall product is. Service, quality of food, and price are much better at locally owned restaurants. Big box food is for suckers!

i don,t want to stand at a counter and order my food, i want to set down and be waited on. what i would like is to be able to go and pay when i'm done eating and not have to wait for someone to bring the check, come back for my charge card, and then wait for my receipt. i don't like my charge card leaving my  sight!!! also there have been times when leaving after i'm done eating has taken longer than eating itself!!

"without having to tip" yea blame it on the employee's Not CEO &amp; Board making millions for mass produced Boil in the Bag - frozen meals that are OVER priced! From the stock holder view what is NEEDED  Executive pay reform -period! Top executive pay should be no more than 100 times entry wage.  Lunch at the counter is no "New" concept - it was the first "fast-food service".

This gimic  will not change the way they exploit their staff- so count me permanently out.

Cheapest place to eat seafood: " Catch It Yourself "  !!

Does anyone else pick up tips they see abandoned at tables?Does anyone else walk into restaurants; go to the restroom and pick up tips on the way out?Man this recession is killing me.

This tactic will not lower the price of the meal.  It will lower the restaurants' payroll.  More people losing their jobs.  Don't do it!

ROCKFORD IL. RED LOBSTER= THUMBS DOWN !THIS OVER PRICED RESTAURANT IS THE LAST PLACE I WILL EVER DINE AGAIN, 4 PEOPLE=$160.00 and the food was not that good,a poor menu, waitresses had no idea what the specials were !  RCKKFORD, ILLINOIS

Where you pay.....or the new postal uniforms.....is not what is wrong with Red Lobster or the postal system.....sometimes you wonder if Management is a code word for Incompetent.

I just found out my girlfriend is cheating on me..

I set at home all day I can't even afford to open my front door

Red Lobster needs to go back to where they once were by bringing back their old slogan --- QVS  =  QUALITY, VALUE AND SERVICE.   Now they worry about LABOR cost so much along with incompetent management. ( i should say some) That is where their main two problems exist. As a manager for Red Lobster you work at least 50 hours. Most of the time it turns into many more. I'm not bad mouthing the company, just two main areas where improvment is needed. When you start a standing line at lunch time when most of the restaurant is empty ( because of a 3 table allowance per server) it's rediculous !!!  Also pay your line cooks decent money so they can make a living and enjoy coming to work. If you do you'll get a much better quality employee and one that respects having a job. One last thing==== Needless remodeling of your buildings doesn't bring the guest count in. Put the money into a quality and competent staff. I gave 25 years to this company, and i was proud of  growing that particular restaurant in sales,low turnover,waste, community involvement etc. By the way, i also knew over 65 to 70 percent of my guests names and encouraged my front of the house to do the same. It was like people were coming to MY HOME for lunch or dinner.

I stay home because I cant afford the tip plus the meal....What can you do!?

This isn't the first for this concept many restaurants, fast food types included have you pay for the meal before you actually receive it whether it is eat in or to go.

booooooooooooooooo

Yea so the cheap a's dont have to tip

Red Lobster?.......sea food?......  more like cat food.Whenever I go to Red Lobster, I always get crabs!!!

Part of the problem is that many workers today do not want to work.  They want the pay but are lazy and just don't want to deal with people.  Our schools have also failed.  I seem to be in the business of teaching servers how to count back change.   They can't make change unless it change is listed on the receipt.  I catch them either gaining a dollar or losing a dollar.Food has become so expensive many of us on fixed budgets can not eat out that often.  The government is finding new ways to separate us from our dollars.  The new heath care tax is just on you may or may not see on your receipt.  The government doesn't want businesses to list it separately from all the other taxes you pay.  Some companies have started listing it on the receipt to counter the complaints about the price of food rising.  The just point to the increase added by this tax alone.  I think that every business should show the effects of the health care to everyone.  This tax is aimed at the lower and middle class.  We drive the economy and the government knows it.

I don't go to Darden Restaurants because they treat their wait staff like garbage.  The pay is sub-low, they get no benefits, they can't take sick days, and Darden plans to have no staff on full time so they won't have to provide health insurance under the Affordable Care Act.  I don't want sick, underpaid waiters or waitresses serving me.  Also the food is extremely over salted.  One baked potato has more salt than an adult should intake in more than a day.  Their greed and anti-worker policies and unhealthy food keep me far from their doors.

it's a bunch of BS they don't want to pay health insurance for the wait staff.

Lobsters not typically a fast casual food ;x

Just another way to reduce employees.

Thats Bullshit!!!! last time I was at Red Lobster my bill for me and a date was over $70.00 if i have to order it like Long John Silvers you can go Piss up A Rope!

The Red Lobster in Lewiston Wa. has the worst food I have ever had. The lobster was tuff and dry couldn't even get it out of the shell and the crab meat looked like a shriveled up tooth pick. With the name red lobster the lobster should be the best thing on the menu, I will never eat at a Red lobster ever agan.

if the food looked like the picture or ad that might help

I have heard some of the employees are very unhappy working there, as well.The last time I had Red Lobster the food was so mediocre and the prices so high that I've never been back.  I definitely cannot see going in and getting it like Long John Silver's!  Yuk!  I'd rather eat at Joe's Crab Shack any day over RL.

I wish they would free up their bartenders.  They was dishes, do take out, everything but bar tend.  The bartenders are so overloaded that it ruins the experience.

The problem is the people have choices!  Back in the 80s Red Lobster was THE fanciest place you could dine in my hometown.  They did some serious prom and graduation dinner business.  And then came the explosion of high quality alternatives, and they have been on the deline ever since.  But I will say that the cheddar biscuits are awesome - reason enough to go back once every 5 years (but I wouldn't be surpised if in 5 years they are gone).

Red Lobster, needs to concentrate on there food quality. At least @ the Windcrest location in San Antonio. This was the first time I had ever ordered a steak and lobster dinner with a steak medium well,  and received it where half of the steak well done and the other half was medium rare. Also the lobster was over cooked dried out and rubbery. I am not even going to talk about the poor service at this location................................

I rather get my own drinks and pay on my own term than tipping someone else to do it.

red lobster food stings.no quality at all.

Olive Garden food tastes like frozen grocery store Italian food.  The Red Lobster in my area has terrible service.  AND... the last time I was there they were out of their "fish of the day" at 2:00 pm.  How does that happen?  Counter service isn't going to correct these problems.

When I started dating my (now) wife four years ago, she really liked Olive Garden. I started taking her to local places that served decent, fresh food. After a couple of good meals at some real restaurants and diners she forgot all about Olive Garden. Now she refuses to even step foot into most chain restaurants.

I'm a frugal guy who always look for value. Tell me, with portions getting smaller because of the food prices going up, and the base price for each entree higher (a double whammy IMO), and I have to wait and tip for my food, it'll be easily $30 per person at the cheapest out the door if I go to Red Lobster or Olive Garden, so why would I even dine there?In Chipotle or Panera Bread, at least I don't have to wait long, or tip just to have someone put food on my table. They keep their staff low so their food prices are manageable. The portion size varies (it's better at Chipotle) but for the most part, you don't have to pay two entrees just to fill full, it's no wonder smaller / faster chains are surviving, while the bigger, sit down places, are dying.

The last time we went to Red Lobster was so expensive that we could have gone to the high priced great seafood places in town and received a meal that was fantastic. I have never had lobster at Red Lobster that wasn't overcooked. I now wait to visit my relatives in Maine to get lobster.I don't care for Dead Lobster but if it helps them stay in business and not cut jobs or even add them good for them for seeing an opportunity and trying to use it to keep people employed and turning a profit. Staying in business and having a job is much better than than closing down and not having a job.

More like dread lobster. They are to a real seafood restaurant what Olive Garden is to a real Italian place. You'd be better off at long john silvers for the price.

Darden does not get another one of my dollars. Time after time they pull employee cost cutting moves and explain it as market forces.Olive Garden made all staff sharing tips so they don't have to pay minumum wage.Now Dead Lobster is cutting lunch staff because of Chipotle success?I hope the 8% grows to like 80% and they go away.Replace them with employers who care about the employees.

Why is it that their shrimp and lobster have very little taste yet the charge you like it does?

You grt what you pay for.

For gods sake think of the children...think of the children...

I guess since Slick Willy has stopped getting his lobster bibs for the interns there, their business has really dropped off.

Red Lobster when you care enough to say "eah"

their slumping sales is their own fault. few people can afford to eat there, plus it doesn't look like the commercials when u get what u order, salads that wouldn't feed a rabbit and the cheddar biscuits are horrible. so now they're trying the fast food counter angle? how about this, offer food with lower prices? that would bring in more business.

Just be honest.  You want the customer to pay at the counter so can justify eliminating server's positions; that way you do not have to pay for their health care.There is nothing fresh at Red Lobster. Everything is package food. You can not customized anything there.

i quit going when they tacked on 20% to my bill for the "tip".....i thought it was my choice what and  when to tip....

that is better,  in korea/ japan most of the restaurants are pay at the counter,  very efficiently run, and cost effective for both owner and customers...always wonderend why us didn't adopt that.

Why is tipping a prerequisite to going out to eat? I love the ones where they ask you if you want to leave a tip on the bill when paying BEFORE you have even sat down to eat! A tip is EARNED, not part of dinner!

this way if you get a #$%$ meal well it,s just to bad no thank,s for me.

stick with the local mom and pop places...good food, reasonable prices

Wow! Let's take a struggling restaurant franchise with marginal food quality and actually reduce the customer service side of the equation? Who are these idiots running these corporations? It's nothing more than greedy corporate down-sizing of payroll to artificially (temporarily) improve the bottom line for stock value. No long term vision here.

Or maybe - just maybe - restaurants like Olive Garden and Red Lobster are the reason why 60% of Americans are overweight - and not just a few lbs - but unhealthy type of overweight.  And people are starting to realize that buying new cloths - just so they will fit - is not very good home economics!Instead of sending military to war - next conflict - just have Americans sit on top of the enemy!

Bad idea.

Red Lobster, when Hooters is full.Firing the wait staff may help in the short term, but if your food didn't suck it would help more.

Maybe if Red Lobster stopped lowering their quality of meat we would go there more.

We went to one a few weeks ago which always appears to be packed and it looked that way when we pulled in the lot.  Apparently the employees are taking the primo parking spots because it was pretty much empty inside.  The service sucked for them being so empty, first biscuits had been sitting in the warmer for quite some time.  The food was not real warm when it came out.  I love grilled shrimp but since they have redone their menu I couldn't even get that without buying a huge meal with stuff I didn't even like.  I think we pretty well have decided we are not going back.  Not a good value anymore.

This is what happens when you get too greedy. Want 20%, 25% tip - well enjoy being unemployed now with $0 as your earnings because of that!!

These are not the only eating venues with 'wait' problems.Red Robin is becoming one of the worst.  They have staff all over the restaurant, but are too busy talking to each other and not paying attention to customers need.Our latest visit?   Waited close to five minutes to be acknowledged once seated,  took close to ten minutes to get our meal once ordered, never offered second drink nor fries.  Our 'wait' was very lazy and slow.The once great Robin is not so great now.

Darden also owns Longhorn, they are the cheapest business in franchise history!! Are they going to pay their servers more than $2.15/Hour???? How do you expect them to live off of that?? They also won't let employees get over 30 hours or they freak out because they would have to offer health benefits, so all employees are part-time. Darden needs to step it up &amp; STOP being so CHEAP &amp; take care of your employees instead of being GREEDY &amp; pocketing all the money! Nobody can live off of $2.15/Hour ALL the servers live off of their tips &amp; so do the hostess... they only make $4.00/hour it's totally ridiculous!!!

The real reason is to cut out even more workers and hours than before.

yeah hurt the service workers more after we already are getting screwed. Servers get payed $2.30 an hour , we need tips to live too. already bad enough that the business is down, but now ur gona take away the only means of income. My whole paycheck exept $30 dollars goes to taxes for 2 weeks of work. what a joke. the corporations just rip everyone off. Are they worried the top ppl won't get their $20 million dollar bonus this year??? while everyone else scrapes by. TIp your servers we need to live too

Translation: We don't want to have to pay healthcare for hundreds of employees so we cut the staff and make them all part time ASAP.Quit complaining about the wait staff. When's the last time you worked for 2.75 an hour?

i have never thought of red lobster as a FINE DINING experience. it is better that MCDonalds and Burger King.And what does the server get for bringing it to them $0.again the wroking class ahs to try to make it on penniesand the rich employers get richer.Hey Darden  give them a big raise.

Now you can order your salt filled, msg filled,fat filled, overly processed food without having to speak to a waiter. Whoopee!

I love Red Lobsters food. Sadly it's a bit pricy even if the portions are pretty big.Chipotle is more like fast food to me. Nothing special about it.

At Penn State, there's this restaurant called Big Bowl. There, you go to the cashier, order the food and pay, and he/she will give you a number. Then you find a table to sit and wait. The beverages are self served fountains. When your number is called, you go up, hand over your number for the food. After eating, used dishes are placed in a bin. The food is restaurant quality.

I like this idea, the added 20% to a bill for bad service just isn't economically viable in these times. I don't eat at Chipotle but I do at Panera. Not only is the food good, but it's better on my wallet. They will even bring you your food to the table. I don't need a waiter refilling my water glass and asking me if everything is ok just to add 20% to my cost. I can do those things my self and better too. I wish more restaurants would do this.

I like Red Lobster.

It's cause the economy, not because of tipping.But tipping is wrong in the first place. Why should restaurants be allowed to only pay waiters a few dollars an hours? Why is the customer required to pay their wages? Can we hire or fire them too? If I am paying their wages I should be able to or at least choose my waitress.Many waitresses do a horrible service now a days. This isn't the exception but the standard. Yet for some reason Tipping rate has went from 15% to 20%? I don't follow the tipping rule. I apply a tip based on the service I get. ho much work did she have to actually do and the quality of service. If I am keeping my waiter busy, they get a higher tip then one that hardly has o do anything. If the quality of service is average, the the tip is average. If the service is great, so is the tip. If its poor or horrible, I may just not leave a tip.Now some may argue that the waiter is very busy with allot of tables. Well fine, she needs to ask to get some help, and does this mean because she's hogging all the customers that she should get huge tips from everyone? No, apparently she's not going to be hurting for tips, not like the waitress that is only handling a few people that night.

I hate when people nag about not getting a tip. For starters, you knew what you were getting into in the first place. No one forced you to get that job. If you don't like it, then you leave. I will gladly tip you if I think you have earned it. But don't just expect a tip because you bring me food. That will surely get you nothing.

baby mamas are the root of all evil in this country

The first affects of ObamaCare.  Darden needs to have staff only work 25 hours per week, so how to avoid actual layoffs, change the business model, sorry gang tipping is gone, many workers in such places actually live on tips as restaurants have a special minimum wage that I think is $2.50 per hour.Well, this should be no issue to the majority of Americans that voted for Obama, because these job cuts are coming due to Obama Care. You wanted it, and the cause-effect is that you'll get your healthcare tax, and employers are saying bye-bye to full-time employees.

8% decline, isn't that just about what Obama keeps saying the unemployment rate is? Hmmmm, there's got to be a connection there somewhere.

I think I'll make the Brady kids tuna fish sandwiches for lunch today.

How long before they start accepting EBT cards?

Expect a bigger decline, I never eat twice at a place that serves like this.  When I go out to eat, I expect to be serviced, otherwise I'll just eat at home.

What am I missing here, a SERVER / WAITSTAFF still brings the food to the table, but NO TIP?  REALLY, NO TIP?

Their losses are due to the fact that fewer people have the money to eat out in a bad economy.  And they can use whatever trendy industry name they want to describe the new kind of service, but it boils down to "let's fire all of our wait staff"....great, more people out of a job....

Actually a good idea, since a tip adds an additional 15-20% to my check

Red Lobsters revenues are falling simply because their unwashed demographic are most prone to economic adversity.

The very business model Darden put down for so many years, now they embrace. hehehehehecaptain d has better shrimp for less

You don't increase business by taking away product. More value---more business. It's the American way. They didn't teach you that in college did they?

If I want to order at a window I will go to fast food! I go to a restaurant for personal service and to relax. The decline at these places are due to the economy DUH!  Don't the big shots have any common sense.

as long as they don't have that stupid tip spot on the receipt.  Why would you then have to tip if you order at the counter and all a server would do is refill your soda?  Hate those places where you order food pick it up and refill your own drink and on the rec they ask for a tip. Really?  A tip for what?

Basically, Red Lobster will be turning into a fast food restaurant like McDonalds.

Sizzler been doin it for years.

Anyone remember when people used to "dress up" for Red Lobster? They had cloth napkins and lobster bibs.  Looks like a McDonald's now..including the clientele.

That all sounds well and good for people in a hurry, but now you're still going to pay those servers $2.63 and they won't get tipped. This loophole that allows restaurants to circumvent paying tipped employees a fair wage is a real injustice. How about raise the price of food so you can actually pay restaurant workers a fair wage, and we can put an end to this tipping nonsense.

Obama will blame this for unemployment like he did bank atm's and other automation.

Note the not having to tip.I grew up in New England, so I know how seafood should be done.  Our Red Lobster here, (in New Mexico) has no clue!  Their product is almost always over-cooked to the point of taisting like boiled rubber.  Perhaps if the chain began in the kitchen, teaching their staff how to prepare properly cooked seafood, their over-all company sales might increase.  Btw, the service isn't usually the issue with our store here- they have a great staff actually.  The place is clean, and you know they are trying.  They just have clueless cooks.

Red Slopster needs the dude from "Bar Rescue" and chef Ramsey from "Kitchen Nightmares" to go in to their #$%$ places and kick some Azzes. I bet the kitchens are filthy and their little bar area is dirty too.

It all started when you changed the breadsticks, Olive Garden, and just went down hill from there. Figure out what went wrong at the time you started serving stale bread and it'll all make sense.

At the local RL the problem is the time between seating and your oreder being taken,the food arriving,a return viist by the waitstaff and finally recieving the check when finished.Luch is ussually a bust  and the customers time is limitedMost time it's just easier to go somewhere elseThese fact probably account for an 8% percent decline by themselves.I know it would be tough to run it like a fast food joint but tha's what most people want.In and out in a reasonable time frame.

If people seriously feel that Chipotle is "restaurant-quality" then they have issues. At least with their taste buds.

From what I gleaned, a server is still involved at some point. Are they going to pay servers in that area of the restaurant more since the customer is not required to tip?

Great idea.  Only better idea would be actually paying minimum wage (real minimum wage) in restaurants so tipping can be entirely wiped out of America.  It's an arcane and now more of a hot topic than gun control.

I like my waiters and waitresses with lots of flair.

Wouldn't this be another attempt to decrease the number of workers, which would decrease the costs of health care coverage/penalties to the employer?

We quit going to RL when we knew they were substituting cheaper fish for menu items.  Ordered (and paid for) red snapper; brought something to the table which obviously wasn't.  Manager came over and argued that it was (clearly was NOT).  Haven't been back since.  (1) That's theft by conversion if anyone wanted to press charges.  (2) Cardinal rule of business (used to be) "the customer is always right".  Bad business practices will put someone out of business every single time.its just a way to save money by firing more people who are trying to stay off welfare.

Quit going to chain restaurants like Chilis Fridays Applebees TX Roadhouse Red Lobster Olive Garden when you start to get the 2 can dine for 19.99.  Thats when it goes downhill from there.  Plus they hire anyone that will put in an application.  So yeah your quality of service sucks at these places. I support non corp. small business restaurants.  Not to say you wont have a bad experience everywhere but the chances of that happening at an independent restaurant are not likely.  You pay more for better food and service.  If you dont tip when you get bad service thats fine.  If you are that person who just doesnt tip regaurdless then you shouldnt be allowed to go out to eat.  You should just stay at wendys.

Wow, an 8% decline?  I guess that means that now I only have to wait 1 hour to get a table?  Sorry, haven't seen a decline at either restaurant in my area.  Says a lot about our society these days when MOST restaurants are packed from 5-9pm every night of the week!

Red Lobsters quality has gone down hill. And high prices! Will not eat there anymore..

maybe they can realize their business is declining because one person walking in there getting just a spaghetti dinner with a drink after tip is going to have to drop about $20

Maybe the 8% decline isn't because of people not wanting a waiter or waitress. Maybe they just want better food. At some point a person gets tired of eating the #$%$ that these places  call food.

I wouldn't eat there again. Even if they had waitstaff that were at my beck and call. I like fisherman's type platters. Haddock,shrimp,scollaps,clams That sort of thing. It all tasted the same at Red Lobster. It all tasted like deep fried batter.. I don't know if they don't change the oil or what, it was really gross..

It takes 45 minutes to get a table, 15 minutes to get a drink, 15 minutes after that to order and then another 40 minutes to get the food. Then it takes 45 minutes to get the bill paid after your done eating. I'm in there for at least 2 hrs everytime. Even for dinner hours this crazy.

If wait staff brings my food, I'll tip. just trying to get out of 15-20% is notfair to servers.

Better:  try serving better food.  Darden Restaurants just doesn't get it.My recollection is that when Red Lobster first opened they were simply a fast-food chain for low-priced seafood, like MacDonald's or Burger King are for beef.  So they're just going back to their roots.

Last time I went to Red Lobster...about a month ago...1 person gave me the vibrator thing...2 people at the hostess table....1 new person took us to our seat....another person gave us our menu.....another took our drink order.....another took our food order (got it wrong)....another brought it out....two came by to ask us how our food was......took forever to pick up check when we were done eating....food was ok but not great.....way over staffed...took 40 minutes to get seated and we saw at least 10 empty tables while we sat waiting to get seated......food not that great...not going back.....

It's George W. Bush's fault...lol.

Are Red Lobster customers really that cheap and trashy?

No way Red Lobster should still be in business... The food is sub par the service suckes and the drinks are over priced... They can try to change there system but will fail.. They are horrible!!

How about Red Lobster work on their waiter/waitressing skills first.....#just sayin'

Possible new min. wage of $9 as nothing to do with it????

What a good idea, I love fast-casual. It sure makes it a lot more doable if you don't have to add that extra 15-18 percent for a tip. Frankly I'd rather get my own drink. Jason's Deli, Pei Wei diner, Cafe Rio these fast-casual places they are just packed with customers. It's very popular.

get rid of the lousy biscuits,fresh baked yeast breadsticks,or individual loaves of bread with butter,get some class Red Lobster. biscuits are mostly for breakfast,or for  cattle drivers served off a chuckwagon. el cheapos!!!

I've never been there I wonder how it is?good. why should i be on the hook for some wait person's drinks, diapers, gas, food, rent or any other bill or expense that they incur when our encounter took all of thirty minutes and all that they did for their part was bring me a plate and cup? should i tip the cops, too? they protect the peace every day. maybe i'll tip the newscaster for bringing the news to my tv tubes? unreal that anyone, at this point, gets a low paying job and complains b/c the customer won't foot the bill for their lives. the nerve of some people.

isn't it usual to leave a tip after someone has delivered your order to you??

Who would eat seafood of any type, anywhere in the world.  Anything coming out of the sea, ocean, river, creek or stream is polluted and deadly, courtesy of the nuclear and petroleum industries.

tom thumb you should know your mother is living with a black man

Very significant news.  Thank you, Yahoo.  Idiots.

Why not just go to Long John Silver if people want to cut corners? I wonder if they will pay those counter servers minimum wage too?

For one you do not need a person or two to open the door for me, then have 2 people at the hostess station, another person takes us to the table and asks us for a drink order, some else takes the food order, then someone from the kitchen brings the food. Do you not think you are WAY OVER STAFFED?!

I like not giving my credit card to someone to take out it of my sight something they tell you not to do.

Their entrees are $10-$20 on their lunch menu and you get a paper napkin. You may as well go ahead and serve yourself. They still charge the same price while you serve yourself and the waitstaff does not get tips. Aaaaah, progress!

Joe's is the place to go.. :)Maybe if their food was any good, their sales wouldn't be down. Maybe instead of changing how they serve the food, they should change the food they serve. If they advertised all-natural, locally sourced, organic, and non-GMO verified menus, I'd eat there.

These eateries cut back on the quality of the foods they offer plus a lot of folks have cutback on the number of times they eat out.

The last 3 times I ate at RL for lunch, it took 1 hr 30 mins from the time I walked in.  Most people only have an hour lunch break.  Too much cutting of staff.

this is bs! These servers make $3 an hour! they deserve tips!! other stores like Subway pay at least min. wage. Servers at restaurants only make $3 an hour in FL! How are they supposed to live without tips???

I don't like the idea of this at all  waiters= jobs=$$=spending=jobs=waiters and around and around

People actually eat this garbage?

I had lunch at Red Lobster yesterday with my mother.  The food and the service was good.   We each had a cup of clam chowder, we shared an order of coconut shrimp, drank tea and our waiter brought us all the biscuits we wanted.  $21 plus tip.  We enjoyed it very much.

umm Red Lobster is disgusting.  I can get a better meal from the frozen food section of my supermarket.

People go to Red Lobster? For seafood!?!?!

Don't forget to leave your tip in the jar!@mark eating at local restaurants is supporting the community but who do you think are the people working at the chain restaurants? People from your community. We need to be supported as well

Consider the aging population with fixed incomes.  Don't need lots of food and what I do want is in the refrigerator or at the fast food restaurants.

Great........!  Let's put the tipping practice out of Fashion.......!I can't stand places like Olive Garden where they even include in the total of your check the tip amount they want you to pay.    Screw that..............!

Red Lobster = YUCK !

Its called a Buffet

I just cooking at home more. Eating out is to expensive and when you can download apps like, recipes by ingredients, there is really no point. Smart devices make it easier to cook at home and fun. That one is free and lets me search by ingredients with recipe instructions. Why would I go to a restaurant to over pay and get poor service?

there is nothing better than a hometown diner.....Red Lobster...is ok,if you wanna pay big bucks for your seafood craving, but you can get that fix at  the diner for half the cost....plus...at any hometown diner I have ate at....the serving size are enough to feed two,so I get a to go box and take my leftovers home........its like getting two meals for the price of one !!

just bull sh??  take more money from the people that are not doing well now

Can a person just go into Red Lobster and only order the free biscuits? That's the only thing there worth eating IMO.

and Red Lobster treats their employees bad i know a person who works at one.Whatever the price or convenience, the food is #$%$.

Just went to Red Lobster and the only good thing was the Biscuits. The rest of the food was terrible. They should spend some time working on training the people in back on how to warm up my food properly.

The problem with this company is that customers reacted with their wallets when they decided to dump on heath care for their workers last year."Darden Restaurants Profit Plunges 37 Percent After Bad Publicity Over Attempt To Skirt Obamacare"

I would never go to a "chain" restaurant.  Go to a local establishment. The food will be fresher and the service better. Im not even sure you can get "food" at Red Lobster or Olive Garden.

Just another way to lessen workers hours. Which is one of Darden's goals since Obamacare is kicking in.

Years back, Red Lobster was obviously suffereing, as a chain. Then they re-modeled their restaurants, introduce new affordable menu items. I srtaed going back. Now they are the same bait shop as they were before. Prices thru the roof considering the low quality.

What happened to Steak and Ale in the south? Was very good, then went downhill and disappeared.

Lee, Sizzlar WAS very good for a time.

I will not pay at counter. I have not went to Olive Garden or Red Lobster since they don't treat employees right. If they ever do, I may be back. For now, a lot of us feel the same way. I could go there(used to 3 times a month between the 2), but now choose not to! Has been over a year since we went there.

I am not sure where these stores are but here on Long Island, no matter what time or day you go to Red Lobster or Olive Garden you are guaranteed a 40 minute wait for a table.Personally i hate restaurants where they don't want you paying at the register, I'm done eating i wanna go and the waitresses take too long. Of course i haven't gotten to eat out in a long time thanks to those extra taxes that are being taken out of my checks at the end of every week.

I'm sorry, but here in the midwest, Red Lobster serves nothing more that bait. I did eat at a Red Lobster in Arcadia California an it was VERY good.

Darden Restaurants better take a note from JCPenney and restore their brand to what it was.

It could work. I know I hate waiting for the check when I am done eating, especially at lunchtime.

Not happy with table service?  Order at the counter and then pick up at the counter.  Why should anyone have to bring you your food?  Goes for water, soft drinks, etc.

Actually, they need to work on putting more food on the plate.  Their lunch portions look like kids meals...

Restaurants are getting ready for Obama’s minimum wage hike.  Thanks Dems!!!!

I can see why.  They drag their behinds getting around to get paid.  Lamest part of eating there.

They should try offering the same menu.  Apple sauce was removed and many people ate the apple sauce with the biscuits.  The Ultimate Feast has become less and less "Ultimate" as they offer less food but increased the price.

I was a waitress at Red Lobster for four years. People didn't tip anyway.My sisters and I went to Olive Garden for lunch in Naples, Florida it was about $8.00 a piece for the the meal. When the waitress brought us the lunch I looked at my sisters and said where is the food? I left still hungry and never went back!

all of Darden brands Suck period, #$%$ food#$%$ mgmnt, #$%$ service!!!!!! Support your Mom, and Pop restaurants with real food made with LOVE!!

oh, and the economy,stupid. everyone is broke.

Reminds me of the restraunt that my grandparents used to take me to!  The food was already made up and you picked what you wanted and you put it on your tray, paid for it and went to your table.  I think it was called Howard Johnson's, it was a cool place to eat in the 40's and 50's!  They had the best mac and cheese!

only 8% lost. should be more what they are doing to their employes. all put on part time. less than 29 hrs. never will i go back their

Just paid $112.00 (and that was with a 10.00 coupon) for a sub-par meal for 3.  Let's start cranking out some quality, at least.  Enough said.

We have a pay at the counter in San Antonio, Texas called Sea Island, the food is really good, and there is no need to pay extra for any thing unless you want another beer! It's not only good, the people working there care that what you purchase is worth what you pay, it's not Maine lobster all the time,but it is good quality food, excelent Cajun style seafood at a good price. No I don't work there, Just enjoy the food!!

It's hard to change images when for 15 years you've been known as a high dollar restaurant. Someone said something about eat at local dinners cause it's better, anymore no one really has any good food because they don't have to "scratch" make anything anymore. I've worked In numerous restaurants big and small, and no one really make anything mass sold from scratch. Yes some things are scratch made but your going to pay higher price.  But most likely that soup your eating is Campbell's.

I would be happy if I could pay at a counter. I HATE waiting on my waiter/waitress for 5 or 10 minutes after I finish a meal to pay. I do not like tracking down these people, to give them money. and yes this effects the tip I give them.

more folks out of work i guess...wonder if they transfer the savings of that to the menu prices.I would not like paying before food served..Want to see my food first. Love Red Lobster here in Las Vegas on S Decatur. Always served properly and food excellent waiters good. Been going there over 20 yrs....Love them biscuits........

They need to clean the restrooms and the dining chairs.  I don't want to touch any of the chairs while I'm eating for fear of catching something.  Sure is odd how filthy the upholstery appears.  I think the food is great and would suggest they try same pricing all day.  Why does food cost go up in the evening anyway, especially when most restaurants turn down the lights?  Marketing I suppose.

May as well convert it to this, black customers shovel the food into their mouths, request extra bread, stuff it into their puffy coats and then leave zero tip.

Black Lobster.

Hey take out...now theres a new concept. I stopped eating at Red Lobster when they stopped take out!!! In addition, the steaks s u k!!! Got sick from the stuffed flounder, lobster tails always translucent...the food s u x!!! And for the price you pay? I'll be at Mickey D's!!! At least there I dont have to spend a small fortune to poison myself!!!

ugh. Could it get any worse? They microwave everything, not a fry pan in the entire kitchen.  How about they try "cooking" before they change the front of the house?

REd lobster sucks ill make my own seafood.

they should test lowering there price the average person can't afford to eat there

I've never understood why places where the server collects the bill are often so slow in bringing it and processing it; often they check on you 8 times while eating, and then disappear as you're finishing up, so you have to flag down another server to ask for it, and then practically grab them by the arm to keep them from fleeing the second it's delivered so you can give them the payment right away. And then they probably wonder why their tip is stingy; if the service is lousy at the end of the meal and you feel like you've been held hostage for an extra 15 minutes as you sip on your melted ice cubes (while those waiting to be seated eye your table and give you dirty looks), of course that's what you're going to remember as you calculate the tip. So while some may see it as a reduction of service, I welcome it, because at least at places that do this, one has a place to go to when finished, and if the server hasn't brought the bill yet, they generally manage to find it in a hurry (by which time I've adjusted the tip accordingly).

can you say universal health care (medicare for every one)I love Red Lobster. They also accept my Access Card.

For lunch "yes".  I like that idea.  For dinner "never".  Bring it to California.  The most backward state in the union.  If it is accepted here it will work anywhere.

i used to love dining at Red Lobster....but the high price is just not worth the whole experience anymore....it ain't what it used to be!

They should expand to full service to peoples cars, therefore they can save money and i can fart without getting complaints and only hear it from the person im with.

Pre ordering online may help to save time for customers and the restaurant.

the help should keep their traps shut next time. look @ what that whine and dine ethos has come to.

I ate there a few weeks ago.  Food was too expensive for the quantity of food, part of my meal was not available so they substituted and the poor waiter was takeing care of too many tables.  Not real impressed.  they go to order at the counter, count me out ;-)

They just want to get rid of staff.

I have said for years a 5% to 10%  tip for exceptional service is the way to go. Now all you jerks that say no, no no, 20% is a must. Look at what you have done. Waiters are now out of jobs.  Red Lobster serves a good food at a fair price. I love this idea of counter service and I'll save 5% to 10%..

They lost me when they increased tip to 20% in order to accommodate Obamacare taxes.bad concept......pay for your food before you realize it sucks.....try to get your money back now that you've wasted your lunch time

On second thought forget it, your corrupted management should be fired

Look at Long John Silvers. You have an old competitor with a new concept.

TRY Hiring normal looking and clean employees, that might help. Try hiring educated people that might help, try hiring employees who have people skills, try keeping the restaurant smelling clean not like a rugby team showers there!

For my part  the decline is due to shrinking portions, rising prices (NOT COST),and the absurd 18% tip added automatically to the bill and a note that implies we should tip even more !!!  Tipping; should, was, and always will be based on service received.  The "Employer" believes the customer should pay the employees wages, so than can greatly improve the gold lining in their pockets. No other industry believes, and gets away with, not paying the minimum wage; which allows you to live below the poverty level even if you can work 40 hours a week.

Stop hiring rude uneducated employees instead of the Felons and criminals currently working

No the 8% decline is  also due to me and my family never going there due to the low life people working there who are un kept, probably not even a citizen and are obese, muissing teefff, are on strong medications and do not bath or wash hands frequently. These people have no education if they did they would not be working there. Red Lobster try hiring normal looking people not those who look like a figure from the movie Coraline!

At first I didn't like the proposed idea. But then thinking that I now don't have to tip on an overpriced meal, I kinda like it

how about the general public wanting great service quickly while the waitres/waiter waits for them to get off there cell phone or quit twittering or just ignoring  the server while they talk.....and when there done find they are running late...no tip...

The 8% drop off is due to high prices a counter is not going to fix that better specials willCan't we just order and pay at the table? I hate the waitperson thing and the tipping #$%$. I just want to order, eat and leave.

They would rather damage their brand and reduce Red Lobster to fast-casual instead of doing the responsible thing and following the new health care law.  Shame on Darden and their franchisees.  I will not be returning to ANY of their branded restaurants until its plainly clear they value their workers and will provide them with the necessary coverage without disgusting tactics to avoid the law.

The servers will get screwed. People don't fill obligated to tip at the counter.

Red Lobster, the IHOP of seafood.

Just trying to screw your employees, you're not fooling anyone.I'd say that you lost my business but you were never going to get it anyway.

The problem with this concept is the long long lines.  I work in an office located in a busy beachfront tourist town...  During "season" you can wait ENDLESSLY in line at that type of restaurant - in our case it is a Panera -- first we have to wait in a line that stretches out the door, behind all the tourists unfamiliar with the menu, asking the cashier a million questions about every item on the menu board, then you have to wait another eternity at the pickup counter for them to prepare it and the pickup space is too small so it's crowded and people are practically climbing over you to pick up their plates from the counter.  Half the time during season we don't even have any time left to sit down and eat our food - we always have to order it "to go" just in case waiting in line takes up our whole lunch hour, and if we are lucky to end up having time left we just take our bags to a table and eat.  The (very) few times I have attempted to eat at a Red Lobster it was so crowded and disorganized under the best of conditions, so I have a hard time imagining that the same chaos wouldn't happen there, too.  Good luck to them - I hope it works.

good idea.  sit down restaurants are so high maintenance and time consuming

Restauranta and retail are both complaining the last couple of years.  The economy sucks, people are out of  jobs, prices still go up and they think crappier products, less service and higher costs will help things.  Dont get it and wont go there either...

Self bagging and self checkout at the grocery store.  Pretty soon self cook at the restaurant (actually those places exist).  What's next?  Self clean up?  Self pour your own drink?  Self catch your own fish? Self raise your own cattle and grwon your own vegetables?  Ugh....I just want good service, healthy portions and a reasonable portions.  Not so much to ask, is it?  I don't wanna always wanna wait in line to pay.  There is a time and place for that not Red Lobster. Hire competent wait staff, not the lazy smart aleks  who are too stupid to recognize that as menial a job as table waiting can be, it is still an opportunity.

I think they should all just go back to curb side service with car hops!  They are running it like fast food for goodness sakes...Hope they lower their prices when they do this or it will be a colossal failure.I have advice for you so called patrons Robert...we're not called waiters/waitresses anymore so you really are stuck in the good ol days. Stop treating us servers like #$%$ and maybe you'll get the service you deserve. I can tell you're one of "those" people us hard working servers that get paid 2.83/hour have to deal with every day. And P.S. I'm never on my phone at work and don't even have facebook. Thanks.

i don't go anymore due to the company that owns them being right wing and cutting workers hours to punish them for voting democrat. and not giving people full time work to avoid paying for healthcare.

Do you know why I do not eat at Olive Garden? Unbelievable story! Once a pasta dish was brought out to me and I found plastic film buried inside. I requested for the manager and I asked him what was the plastic film doing in my dish??? He went back to the kitchen to supposedly find out, never came back so I hunted him down again. His response, "It is not our policy to discuss how your food is prepared." DAMN! I will never step foot in an establishment if I am not allowed to know how they prepared my food!! They basically microwaved a frozen pasta for me and accidentally left a piece of plastic inside. Never again!

I feel sorry them cause they don't get it. You a seafood place that doesn't do real seafood. what a shame...

I love Red Lobster. Call your order in and use Red Lobster gift cards. That way you feel like you're eating for free.

This may help. I know Fuddruckers would make you order at counter, then sit down, then have someone bring your order. It was like being forced to tip at McDonalds. They are gone now.Red Lobster is just very expensive. Nothing on the menu is under $10. You can't even get appetizers cheaply. It's quality food, but people are broke. It's just too expensive, even for family dining.

The problem in customer traffic for Red Lobster is not tipping.  It is food quality and the economy that cause diners to want more for their money.  Where I live, seafood that costs more at another restaurant is fresher and a better choice than the super TV dinners that are served at Red Lobster.  I have jokingly called it "Dead Lobster" for years for those very reasons.

Decline in quality of customers is more like it.

Very easy to walk out of Red Lobsters without paying.

Order at the counter, cook it in the kitchen, clean your own table off and enjoy.  Would you mind cleaning up the turlet too?Maybe it is the high prices and low quality food. I can make better meals at home for less.

Red Lobster is one of the last restaurants with good food and good service.  Counter ordering would destroy it.

Red lobster is horrible, went there after watching the glorified commercial, food was terrible even the biscuits were bland.

I think it cost more money to employ counter people than servers. Servers work for $2.13. How much are you going to pay the counter help?

Red Lobster is turning into Sizzler...

I just hope that the next step they make is letting me cook my own lobster...maybe catch my own fish, too.

Bad Idea! No respect for wait staff. Obviously thought out by persons with no restaurant experience.I will gladly tip for good service.

i guess i will do my refills and get my own reloads of the all you can eat scampi. And, hey what about more of them hot biscuits...oh I got them too.

The middle class restaurants chains Red Lobster Applebeas ect. are losing their customer base right along with the economy. In time theyll fall to the side like the drive inn burger stands. Well still have Macs Buffetts and high end restaurants.

Don't eat there- they are against Obamacare for their employeesThey dont want their help to have healthcareBY THE WAY BUY AMERICAN PRODUCTs but not from people who dont want their workers to have health care.We used to eat there at lunch regularly.  They cut portions and raised prices, and a meal that's barely enough food for a typical male is $15 to $20.  We never went back, and turning it into Long John Silver's or Captain D's isn't addressing the underlying problem.

Look at your local resturants they all have a  ten dollar menu and there local ,with a real waitress,,,,

What about tipping? Do you tip the server?

BUT!  The real reason is to put more profit in the hands of the stockholders.  Less employees, more profit.  Who cares if a family needs a job?  I hope Red Lobster falls on it's face!

Everything is overpriced at Red Lobster. There is NO VALUE in their food. Poor people eat there, thinking that's how rich people eat... The only thing HIGH is price... QUALITY and QUANTITY is very low... and taste is especially low!!!

stay home, learn how to cook some easy decent meals...you're going to need extra money when Nobama Care kicks in...eating out is a luxury..at least in our house

buy a deep fryer make your foods at home...MUCH BETTER ...ive had a fryer for years now and make my batter wet or dry depending on what i want...and its always perfect...with the money you save from eating out...you can take a nice vacation....

You pay peanuts, you get monkeys.  You treat your employees like garbage, your guests get treated like garbage.  You cut your employee's hours to part time, you're going to get part time effort.  Management with huge egos and vested-interest bonus packages, penny smart and pound foolish ideas...yes, this is Darden restaraunts.

Start looking for body fluids in your food if this happens

Only blacks eat at Red Lobster, and remember, for something to be stereotypical, there has to be some truth to it! Just sayin'I think pay at the counter is a turn-off. What benefit is it to the consumer ? Just an extra inconvenience and, oh, do I now tip at 15% instead of 20%?Pay-at-the-counter is for pancake houses and other high turnaround dining places.

Thanks Obama, Now everything can be self-service. No man or woman power needed.

Maybe they should just turn the restaurants over to the fed. gov. and say the H E double L with it. The feds want to tell them how to run them anyway.

What's the big deal here? After all, Harden only pays its waiters $2.00 plus tips.

Sales are off because those 3 restaurants named #$%$ and have always been overpriced. The only people who go there and think of it as an upper class dining experience are living ghetto fabulous. Yeah red lobster is a step above long john silvers, but it is not worth the price for what you get. You are strictly paying for the name and the ambiance of the restaurant, not the food. Olive garden is an embarrassment to real italian restaurants. They have run their course, just like so many others in the past that were popular when they first appeared but soon became run of the mill when new places opened. Anyoine remember when tony romas was considered good? Thats where these joints are headed.

the decline is a lack of the basics QSV quality service and value the value is using products that are prepared for several day self life and served as fresh people arent stupid and are you replacing the hard earned money by the servers who now will have a huge loss of income ask Obama for a bailout so you can learn the basics if not you will have the money to part with the two operations with a profit

Eat at home.  Nearly all "restaurant" food is overpriced and deadly, and it makes you feel sick.

Try it and cry, bye bye.I don't stand in line. when I go out to eat I dine and that's fine.

Cut jobs,service,the only thing thay dont cut is price

Makes sense - they cater to the lesser demographic of society.  Making it more like a McDonalds makes perfect sense.  Poor freeloading minorities love that stuff.Has anyone been to Red Lobster these days? Nothing but baboons and monkeys eat there. If I were a waitress there I would quit

Anti-healthcare is what is hurting these idiots. I am one who will never enter one of their establishments again