Nobody cares less if anyone else doesn't believe what they do!  Freedom of religion is a basic constitutional right in the US.  If you don't like it, then leave!

"There is ONE mediator between God and man.  The man, Christ Jesus"  I Tim 2:5The pope cannot intercede for no one and can save no one.Jesus said: "I am the way, the truth, and the life. NO MAN comes to the Father, but, by me."  John 14:6

I thought we the third world countries are more superstitious, but touching and blessing has the same charm as shown in the photo, my heart is touched and let this superstition prevail if it can bring faith in god the almighty

respect

The crowd could reach a million but the headline states a few thousand.  On the other side of the world obummer opens his fat mouth and millions faint.

The want the Pope to touch them, like they will be cured with whatever ailes them. Just one thing, the Pope ain't Jesus.

another catholic article again? i can already see the jealousy foaming...

I think it would be appropriate to honor the pope with a little Christian song at this time.  It is sung to the tune of the Pepsi Cola jingle which was popular years ago:  Christianity hits the spot.  Twelve disciples that's a lot.  Jesus Christ and the virgin too.  Christianity is the thing for you.

Warning: when installing a Pope be sure to connect the positive lead to the + pole on the battery and do not exceed 60 foot pounds of torque on the head bolts.  Failure to follow instructions may result in a Pope that is unable to pole dance

The children are waiting and wondering.Could he be a prediction of the bible? "and the world marvels after the beast." Why do peole worship a men more than God? While I do respect the sincere faith of millions of Catholics, I urge them to have more faith in the God of heaven and His word.

The lost sheep finally found their Bo Peep!

The installation's going to be simpler this time, requiring only a stepladder and Phillips head screwdriver.  Then come the window treatments.

He rides the beast. The beast is Rome and Catholics are his beast. He is the leader that will bring in one world Religion watch out for him. He will bring you to worship the anti christ.

Smell The Coffee, People !Wake Up !Pope Francis I has got you all mesmerized like a deer in the headlights.Obviously,, Selfless Love is wonderful.  There are few REAL ACTS of selfless love in this World.Now, people are moaning, "The Pope ain't Jesus !"Holy Man is the Best Con Game On The Planet because with a few smiles and kind words, your brain shuts down, your Common Sense goes right out the window and the Holy Man can pick your pocket or do whatever else he wants to to you because he has gotten inside your heads and hearts.Jesus Christ, the lazy Middle Eastern Hippie con man, got in people's heads and hearts more than 2,000 years ago, and people are still buying into the fairy tale that that con man was God Almighty incarnate.  John 14:6 is after all simply words on paper that an old con man used to justify his pick your pocket song and dance.Now, you have people n the 21st Century arguing over whether the Pope can CURE people like Jesus Christ did.God Almighty Cures people.  A Holy Man con man simply "liberates" you from your Common Sense and your wallets.Christianity's Greatest Strength has always been the fact that first it destroys your Common Sense and your ability to see what is before your eyes and replaces it with a mental fairy tale that a Holy Man, the old, dead one in the past called Jesus, or a present Holy Man can reach into your hearts and minds and change the Real World around you.What these Holy Men are really reaching for is your minds and your wallets.Once they are in your head, you don't even noticed that they picked your pocket and now you want to follow them and serve humanity, which really is a method of getting you to work and slave like beasts of burden, so they don't have to.When you give up on God Almighty, then, you ready to waste your life on the lazy, old dead Middle Eastern Hippie fairy tale or a modern day Holy Man con man.Go ahead, get in line. Be ready to turn your life and your wallets over to your favorite Holy Man.You didn't really want to Live and enjoy The Life God Almighty gave you in the first place.You would rather waste your Life on a Holy Man and his charming words.Sam.

I notice that mine and a few other comments are being hidden due to "low ratings." Is that because one or two people disagree and hit the "thumbs down" button repeatedly to make sure that that happens? So much for free speech!

Someone just said we dont have to worship him but we need to show respect to him. For what? What did he do for us. nothing. I dont see anyone showing this respect for other pastors or preachers.He is not Jesus or God. Gte real. he is a man in a dress.

He is God's anointed just like the apostles. Faith healed many who trusted in the word that was preached by them and even cured of there ailments

The sooner all mankind gets rid of ALL superstious beliefs in myths and fables the better off mankind will be.

North Korea and the crimes against humanity. Will he help to free Gods children. They have 20 or more prison camps with no exit. You are worked to death and the children there are born into slavery with no exit . Please help the people out of this insanity.Well, good luck to him. Hopefully he'll be able to do something about the Church's current terrible image.

i'm going back to watching the kardashians

Nothing in the Bible about the establishment of the Catholic church or any other church except Christ's church.  You people are messing with spiritual dynamite when making up these clubhouse churches.  It doesn't matter how many years you've been having the clubhouse, it doesn't make it official.  Case closed.

A group of brainwashed people led by a man representing an archaic and corrupt religion.

As for Pope HJohn Paul II and Pope Benedict also !

Is that the special 'keep yo mouth shut in church' section for the women?1 Corinthians 14:34-35The women are to keep silent in the churches; for they are not permitted to speak, but are to subject themselves, just as the Law also says.  If they desire to learn anything, let them ask their own husbands at home; for it is improper for a woman to speak in church.

He should burn his white dress and return to the slums of Buenos Aires!

I left the church 50 years ago, and will only comeback if a woman is elected to guide the catholic church, ...mission impossible....ja ja

Revive the sentiments of Catholics who have left the church?  Doubtful.  Most people like that do not migrate to other churches. Rather, they leave organized religion for good.  I should know.  I was a lifelong Catholic and am not going back. While Francis is a good man, it would appear, nevertheless the church is the church and once you step outside of the box and look at the whole picture, you're not likely to go back. Another thought: is it really safe for this guy to go around in the open like that? I think he's a big target and I'm sure that there are nut cases out there who'd like to "pop the pope." If that happens, of course, he will be declared a martyr and eventually canonized. But then I guess martyrdom sort of goes with the territory, doesn't it?

World will be a better place to live after this fake Christian institution is destroyed. Maybe Yeshua himself will do it who knows! The four kingdoms of Babylon, Persia, Greece and Rome which had its Satanic powerbase will finally come crashing down. Prophet's Daniel dream will come true and the current Satanic powerbase of Rome through the Vatican will be destroyed and peace will finally prevail over the earth. The real antichrist which is the Catholic church is looking Christians in the eye but they fail to see the reality and truth of this evil institution.Beauwolf-you people just cannot go one hour with trashing Obama! I suggest you go get laid, you will feel much better, at least for awhile.

the worshipers of human corpses hanged by roman troops "and now the group said roman a holy city?