When the bottom drops out Obama and the democrats own it. Bush is long gone.

Stock  markets go in cycles.  It is the investor who sees the true stock value vs the time to bail and make a quick profit after an inflated stock value.

GCEI - global clean energy, turns trash into energy

So who is buying all the stocks ? Ohh right the fed and drug dealers. Nice. That must mean the economy is recovering ? OBAMBA OBAMSVMF RDFG

This time when the bubble bursts, it will be on Obama's head, not Bush Jr.'s

Stock used to be a  way to guage consumer optimisum, now it is more like how big business feels about itself. A form of self-love among the Corporate elite

Using fancy factoring equations to run a business is a recipe for a financial clown-with-no-clothes...

Investments made in the market are with Bernanke-funny money. None of the fundamentals support the stock-market. GDP sucks, major retailers are closing stores, even WalMart is not happy with recent sales. Why is the FED buying mortgage-backed securities instead of something useful like construction-bonds? Because that would lead to some jobs being created and wouldn't allow their Banker-circlejerk buddies to make any money off of the working class.

Sounds to me like volume is down because people are starting to buy long. Ths is a positive sign as prices are up market-wide and gold is down. Investment is returning to the markets.

Not looing too good here.Can't be so I heard Obama the other night saying the market was up and it was a sign that we are heading in the right direction, I know he wouldn't tell a lie?

A negative article about the stock market.  I guess someone is short and needs the market to go down.

Wll of course Germany has requested their Gold back from America....

Anyone farmiliar with the Libor scandal in the U.K. should know that the fed also followed suit for the government and banks. The interest rates have been manipulated just to drive up the stock market crash and the rich get richer.

Awesome! Hopefully it will implode in short order.

Am I the only one that sees this as a posted screening of the market, not the whole market? When volume drops it means Bulls and Bears agree on the share price, nobodies selling/buying. Look for a turnaround in the trend, right?

In case fixed news forget to tell you right wing nutties that stock markets are highest in 10 yrs

They sure don't like to make a scrolling article about decreases.

NASDAQ stocks decreasing... maybe the government should get out of the way and let businesses run. Unless they really like the huge unemployment, lack of growth and millions of people wanting different national leadership.

eh....i'm not an obama fan but your blaming the wrong person for some of our problems. it was Congress's idea to lower loan requirements at the banks....it was implimented during bush's term.Obama = High unemployment, high gas prices, high spending, high food prices, high taxes and high national debt!!  ... Obama and his distinguished colleagues borrow 40 cents for every dollar they spend!!  .... Wonder why Obama has a debt problem??? ... Try doing that with your household budget and see how long you last.

Obama's Pathetic Record - 23 Million Unemployed or Underemployed,.. $5.5 Trillion of New Debt,.. 47 Million on Food Stamps,.. 5.5 Million Homes in Crisis/Foreclosure,.. $4500 Drop in Household Income,.. $716 Billion in Medicare Cuts,.. $2.6 Trillion for Obamacare,.. $1.9 Trillion in New Taxes in Obama’s Budget,.. 100% Increase in Gas Prices

Wow

luckily, it is a stock exchange, there's no money you can steal!

But there are 2 other reports stating that stocks are the highest e.v.e.r!!! Which is it Yahoo?  Can you get ANY story straight???

Taxes will go up, markets wil go down, and  precious metals will go down.That's what Americans voted for, when they chose Socialism. Don't complain now.Rejoice!

Ha Ha, a few days ago it was just the opposite. And the propaganda just keeps coming

Hopefully the tool in WH will go back to Kenya - markets can rejoice

THE ONLY PEOPLE TRADING THESE DAYS ARE CRIMINALS

Obama, SAVE us!Now is a great time to check out gold and mining stocks such as Pershing Gold Corp. (PGLC).  An investment in gold should be based on macroeconomic considerations. If one expects or fears rising inflation, destabilizing deflation, a bear market in stocks or bonds, or financial turmoil, gold should do well and exposure is warranted.

You need to be able to know what you’re reading, so a partnership with a science-minded investor may be necessary.  Check out ChromaDex Corporation (CDXC.OB).

Aloha;I was right: NTSC did go down to $5.00. See below.One more right, than I am perfected($2.05/share)

Aloha;The reason why NTSC descreased in volumes because nobody wants to buy thestock at $5.00 or higher. I will wait until the stock drop to $2.05/share and I will buy in.

testing

TEST

Previously highly valued stock might be found at a lower price if the company has recently gone through a rough patch and experienced some difficulties. The stock market is often hard on companies that hit a temporary glitch, overreacting to any news, whether it good or bad. This is particularly true for the biotech industry.   Check out ChromaDex Corporation (CDXC.OB)