Don't you love how every department head claims cuts will hurt but never explains exactly what will be cut? (PS - the cut is a reduction in the amount of increase)

okay so let me see if i can keep up with all these scare tactics... delayed flights, massive lay offs, beef shortages, white house tour cuts, public safety, closing of parks, renewab;e emergy investment, and now trade... they are trying anything and everything.... am i missing any?

I want more cuts. Because their spending and the debt is still increasing. There is so much of it on "Auto- Spend" .  I have to make cuts and sacrifice with my budget constantly. They can boo- hoo. I don`t care about it.

I thought we had already decided the sky isn't falling.

Boo-hooo....it's all them bad ol' Republicans fault. They want us to stop wasting money. Booo-hooo-hooo

What cuts ?  Do they mean the decrease in the scheduled increase ?  We will still be spending more than last year.

Once many decades ago, our country was Very self-reliant within our own border.  We could survive on what we made and what we grew within our own borders.  Now with all the outsourcing and close down of plants &amp; farms we cannot survive without importing from other countries..

I don't want to hear any more warnings about what damage the sequester will do.  Obama is sending at least $25B to Pakistan for education, while cutting tuition assistance for our military.  He is being a petulant, spoiled child, and should be impeached.

POGO was set up in 1981 to track government waste pork duplication and corruption !! Trillions latter still no one listens !!  But the sky falling , and our entitlements are at risk if government can't keep doing it !!

"the administration's top trade offiicial"....  yeah... because we believe anything out of his mouth..When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.

waa waa waa

We are in this mess because of over spending and the media is covering Obama again.

Learn to live within your means like the rest of us do.  You sit there and don't have to worry about transportation/gas, groceries, etc.  Well at least not until the next congressional election!

So deal with it.  If idiots had planned this from the start, we wouldn't be having this discussion now would we?

Ridiculous, once again, more cuts that don't need to be made, all budgets actually go up year over year, this is simply a decrease in the increase.  If they can't do their job while working within their budget, fire them and find someone who can make it work.  As a matter of fact, let me have his job and I'll get it done.

Here's a trade agreement! Stop all imports, or charge extremely high tarifs, this way industry will flock back to the USA!

People in government our greedy and always want more money all the time for themselves.They don't understand the meaning no. They do as they please with no accountability for there actions. This is not what our forefathers wanted the government to be come.

B-----U----L----L----S----H----I---T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1

What trade deals???? You mean we were on the good end of these deals before? Ya, rightbut egypt is still getting billions???

What happened to fixing this economy that is not producing any decent paying jobs at all! Unemployment is thru the roof, no one has a job, everyone is on foodstamps. All of these idiots want to worry about guns,illegal aliens, and gays getting married. GET YOUR HEAD OUT OF YOUR #$%$! Fix this mess that you have created and do something for once. This economy sucks! Get your priorities right and fix this there are U.S. Citizens all over this country that are really in big trouble and you idiots don't even mentioned these problems. Worry about the illegals after ou fix what's already a mess.

The only thing hurt by the trade cuts are the government departments that can't spend like drunken sailors, with all due respect to drunken sailors.....

THIS ISNT DUE BECAUSE OF BUDGET CUTS.WHAT BS

Having the USA go bankrupt could also affect trade policy.

Ya...the budget cuts caused me to get a flat tire yesterday.Oh, and according to Senator Reid, they led to the deaths of the 7 Marines in Nevada last night.

trade , looks like we gotten the bad end of this deal anyway look at the trade dept , and the country's that are and have been on top .

It didnt cut the funding to keep air force one in the air constantly , or it didnt effect the US giving egypt 150 mil...boy , im glad the pres has time to go globe trotting on my dime.It isnt like he has anything better to do....nonstop campaign

Budget cuts, sequester are due to spending others' monies indiscriminately.Nearly one trillion dollars are wastefully spent away yearly on (so-called) defense &amp; security related matters. Native American people, the rightful owners of American Continent, where USA&amp;Canada alone is plundering more oil than SaudiArabia&amp;Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as native people remain poorest citizens on their own land.Before Europeans came,Native population in North&amp;South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population at 30 million and Europeans at 1 BILLION! [Google 'sicko uncle Sam' at forum]

2012 budget: 51.2 million dollars, 3.6 million dollars over their 2010 budget.  Now they have to cut 2.6 million dollars from their budget. - A massive 5%!  For your next European "negotiations" jaunt, try staying at a 4-star hotel and fly coach.