Lotta people here defending media phone hacking and other sleazy activities....hiding behind "freedom of the press" to justify any and all abuses as long as it doesn't target them in any way.

One law for both...protecting peoples right for freedom of speech...and protecting the public,by getting the press accountable for its actions,especially the tabloid newspapers

If Murdoch and News Corp are not punished these reforms amount to nothing more than smoke and mirrors. Looks like the Tories took the bribe again.

LOL!  The satanic Rothschild family controls all the press, they own the AP, Reuters..etc..etc

,,,,Every body agrees on regulating the press...but the new regulations should come from the parliament not from political parties,,,,

the 'royal' family is #$%$  at photos of kate's boo bies  and juniors pictures.  period.phone hacking has nothing to do with it. they see $$$ from 1,000,000 fines as they see fit.them hypocrites read the same tabloids they are 'appaled' at

Hurrah! Freedom of the press is SO 18th century!

Show the deal to the Dowlers and the McCanns. Are they happy with it?

Let's just wait and see what the House of Lords makes of this 'cobbled together all party agreement'.  Of course, the acid test is to come, when one of the newspapers transgresses and the matter is put before the High Court for a ruling.....We''ll see, eventually...  Ends.

the last thing we need is another royal charter, whats wrong with government taking responsability for something..we need another cromwell or scrap the parliament and just have the monarchy instead...save millions, as the royals run the country anyhow.Deal to regulate scandal-hungry press !Easy dont buy the rubbish problem solved..

Let's hope the Press Regulatory Body is free from meddling by politicians so the Press isn't shackled when MPs fiddle expenses again.

Seems like a workable solution has been found. Time will tell whether it is working as intended and the press can continue to operate freely, but to a code, and like the banks, the media excesses are curtailed.The lesson being that human nature, as it is, self regulation just doesn't work anywhere.

'Scandal hungry' press? Not that Yahoo, or any other online or broadcast media organisation, has an axe to grind, then?If it's a scandal, eg political corruption, then it should be out in the open. The stupidity comes when ordinary people are being stalked by shady so-called private investigators, who aren't bound by any regulations.

no one would doubt the McCann and Dowler families suffered by intrusion - agreed.However, given MPs' standing (as far as the electorate are concerned) - don't  be deceived, any 'dumbing down' of a free press - will take us even further down a sinister road.It remains to be seen, how any form of regulation will work (or not) - or will this result in 'he said/she said' protracted law suits flying back and forth (much to the delight of the 'hard pressed' law society) arguing the toss as to whether it (the story) is in the public interest or not.

I can't wait to read about it, if they're allowed to publish it ..............

Well David which little secret did you have threaten to release this time ???

Cameron - you blinked!! Well it spared you suffering a defeat, but at what cost, yet another blow to your authority and credibility.

Just close the Sun down and all will be rosey.

Did Levenson and the highly paid lawyers work for free,NO we paid for it and Cameron in his infinite wisdom disagreed, why did this cost us X £million then.When people can't seem to regulate themselves they need to be regulated, it is a sad consequence of bad practice and those that opt into this scheme are demonstrating they wish to play fair whilst those that don't should be identified to be avoided.

Cameron blinked again. It saved him a big defeat that's why it was done and to be honest, I think  it's a good compromise. I would have preferred a regulated press. I hope the regulator has some real bite unlike the Press Complaints Authority who were total rubbish.

Yahoo is becoming frightened of it own skin now they censor too strickly things that are no swearing and even swear words in the English language , there is no Law here to stop them censoring evry one who they dont like

Can ANY Party be Trusted .You may as well put your faith in a Headline in The Sun ???

A Royal charter and not a law.  Who is going to take any notice of what represents guidance without any teeth. There should be regulations about the percentage of certain papers printing garbage about people like Katie Price.

HaHaHa the system will be voluntary.

A u turn by Cameron .Here we have a weak prime  minister  Who as lost his authority. Looks like clegg`s running the show .Has Cameron now become the new poodle .

Papers have to sign up to join!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, they should be forced to, just who do they think they are. they can print anything they like and are still getting away with it. Freedom of the press is one thing, just saying what they like and later an apology in the back pages when they get it wrong just isnt good enough. £m pound fines dont scare them, just look at how much the Murdochs have paid out, they are still printing, and more scandals come out each day. This is a complete fudge up of the Leviston inquiry.

why do we need to know what people of any standing get up to in their private lives. all those complaining about the lack of press freedom because they won't find out about people's private lives are sad, pathetic gossips. it could mean the red tops actually have to do some journalism, though for some it may be too late

One priority,hoping it halts Murdoch influence over ministers,Govt et al.LOL that was a close one for some,I wonder who will be getting those million pound fines in the future.

What you say today,What you think tomorrow.A great day for Common Purpose a sad day for common sense

Neither the press nor the government  has the right to hack in people phone .  There should be a ban on the press and a ban from the government. Privacy law is sacred.

GOOD, but having remembered a millipeed who INSISTED he would bring in leveson IN FULL with full powers of everything....now the liar has shown his true two facedness and joined the other liars and cheats....wonder what or how much he was offered????

It sounds like an Orwellian society and censorship. The freedom of the press is for those that owns one. I learned that when I tried to publish my first book. With computers and desktop publishing it had become easier to publish a book.

I don't think this decision matters any way because, newspapers are dinosaurs waiting for extinction.

This is not very pro active, anyone can be obligated to apologise and mere words mean little to those wronged, and a new regulating bogy to fine culprits will cost even more government/tax money to run in a time of ausperity, but this does not prevent wrong doing, it just deals with expected future problems and the aftermath! Basically losts of time spent and a waste of time conclusion!

The problem is not actually with the press themselves but rather lies with those consumers of news who would rather read about an affair or a cheating spouse than to read about the world events of the day. People eat that #$%$ up and that fuels the tabloid press (both there and here in the USA) to print stuff that isn't really even news at all.

please say this will not affect the Page 3 girls...

Gag the press. Curtail their freedom.don't you wish they would get on with the REAL issues that threaten the masses instead of a few.  i'm very happy that the rich and famous can have their privacy and marry their gay lover if they like, but i'm still worrying about my childrens future in this country and whether i should take my small amount  of money out of the bank before this government ends up doing the Cyprus swindle!!

1st the guns are all taken away and now freedom of the press is legislated away by one means or another. This is my homeland and it is disappearing.

Based on £1MILLION fines and prominant apologies.Nah.Newscorp probably have that amount of money lost down the backs of their settees and stories about apologies will sell newspapers.

Sounds a good idea,   lets gag the media.  then MPs can fiddle ther expences, and get away with crimes, without us PLEBs knowing,   good old millyballs. and Hardman  (The closet TOFFS).

The freedom of the press is both a need and a want, it illustrates what we are most afraid of, what we all know deep down in our hearts. Politicians and the press play a large part in the lives of scandal-hungry indigenous Panoan Indians, their skin painted with red and black vegetable dye and their spears raised in suspicion.

we will now get, fiddling politicians and z listers like  pansy hugh grant crowing because we will no longer be able to find out their nasty filthy little habits.to all the newspapers i say ,  NEVER EVER PUBLISH A SINGLE WORD OR PHOTO THAT INCLUDES THIS ODIOUS TWO BIT HAM ACTOR,  OR THE DISHONEST LYING LIBS AND LABOUR

all crooked, lyin' pols. in every cities, states, countries are all the same around the world. ALL OF THEM!!!!

This really should shpw the country who runs this Nation .....The Press Barons of course they said to Cameron and clegg and that Jewish turd Miliband that the press would support UKIP if the prescribed the Charter into Law , So they did as they were told, NO Mlaw to stop the Press commiting crime in the name of Press Freedoms, what a joke we have become m

The press isn't free. They are just getting a bit too close to our elected criminals. The expenses fiasco was their downfall. Yes I know about the hacking but let's face it that's not the real reason.

Freedom of the Press