those who would be first .......will be last ......

The man has left Cristina back in Argentina, but she found herself in his face in The Vatican with her problem. I trust that he would busy himself with stabilizing a church which has been rocked by scandals and coverups, and not interfere with politics.

Where do they keep all those chairs?

Give the guy a big hat and all of a sudden he's an authority on politics....

In the end it just doesn't miter.

"Straddle" religion and politics? Meaning what? Either way, together they're just two human horror stories. But I've heard worse.

Give the guy a big hat and all of a sudden he's an authority on politics....

How about dropping the World Politics, and just sticking to God, the Bible, Jesus, and how it pertains to people. A Personal Relationship with God.

Francis had best return to Vatican II &amp; Jolly John lest this Medieval Anachronism fails

Hundreds of nuns carrying Rulers &amp; yardsticks arrived to provide security during the Mass.They had to use the word 'straddle'?

If you listen to the ignorant, The Catholic Church didn't have anything to do with the collapse of Communist Russia and all its charities and institutions had no global influence for good.

Bla Bla Bla tell us how many pretests you are going to turn over before your sued back to the stone age?

Meet the new pope. Same as the old pope.

We need to STOP TREATING THE VATICAN AS IF IT WERE A REL COUNTRY. The RCC, as usual, wants to be able to critique and insert itself into the political affairs of nations while remaining itself above criticism or investigation, while apologists cry "religious persecution" at the slightest call for accountability. If the pope wants to have a say in any country's affairs, the church can pay taxes in that country - otherwise the church has NO BUSINESS IN POLITICS.

If you can accept that the church needs the vatican bank, or that venerating is not worship, then maybe you can accept pedophile priests...

Do not confuse morality and spirituality with protecting a church that hides pedophilia.

The pope and the church is just trinkets compared to the wealth of the vatican bank... that is the true god of Rome!

Therein lies the corruption that is the Catholic church... straddling religion and politics, something Christ never would do.

People for the most part are really pigs is the conclusion one can only come to when reading the mean-spirited and libelous comments people make here on Yahoo.  They really need to be smacked on the side of the head with a 2x4" with a nail sticking out at the end to beat some sense and manners into them.You mean to tell me that their "religion" goes hand in hand with "politics"?  Noooo, it CAN'T be...   If it really was just a religion they'd be perfectly happy to sit around and pray about stuff, but the Roman Papal Government that oppressed the world for over a thousand years has always been interested in using religion as a vehicle to influence politics.  Why else did they have their own Army?  Why else did they murder anyone who refused to convert?  I'm Agnostic, but my ancestors were Pagans who were mercilessly hunted down and murdered by these animals.  This whole "religion" is an insult!

Miracle.

Now THAT is great con artist. Imagine having a job based on fiction that makes you rich and powerful. Religion is the greatest con of all time.

The word "Straddle" should be avoided when mentioning Catholic clergy.

Human beings actually buy this fake stuff?

A gathering of a bunch of ignorant people. They worship this moron like he was Jesus. Believe me he is no Jesus and never will be. Remember only one mediator between man and God that is Jesus Christ. Call no one father but the father in heaven. The gates are narrow and few will enter. Remember he was voted in by men to supposedly to be holy in an instant. Most of these men have criminal backgrounds.

A cheap, gold-plated silver Papal ring instead of the usual precious metals and gems. It's a step away from being junk jewelry. I love it! However, it will look awful as the plating inevitably starts to wear off. Not that Pope Francis cares.

Maybe while in the vatican the world leaders can borrow money from the vatican bank, at a high interest of course...

If your religion hides pedophiles... then you don't know the first thing about spirituality or love.

Of course the King of Rome claims to be both the inheritor of Ceaser's throne and the throne of Christ God. Hence, Vicarious Philea Dei and King of the Church. Don't think so? Then why a throne, footstool, and feet and ring kissing? Oh I forgot the Civil state of the vatican. Church and state mingled in a mirror image of Pagan Rome.lets see now.....all the hypocrites, phoneys and puppets in the same place at the same time? pray for a metior strike.

This is news?  The Popes have had their hands in politics since day one.  The Church was FOUNDED for political reasons.

It'll probably straddle young boys as well.

Amazing, because a lot of priests have been straddling little boys.

The Vatican - a corrupt cesspool helped started by Mussolini.  Needs to be close down.

Underneath the robes the glitter the big hats, a lot of abuse and wickedness...This has nothing to do with Jesus Christ of the Bible.

Vatican welcomes President Robert Mugabe, Nuff said .

"WOW -- over 30 gods will be represented? Do they have riot squads on duty?"Unless the "30 gods" appear in person, there should not be any riots. And those of the Christian, Jewish and Moslem faiths all worship the same god, the God of Abraham; thus, the overwhelming majority of the people present will be representing the same god. And those who would be in need of a "riot squad" to control them would not bother showing up.

All the Lackeys are so jealous that they can't stay away from this Catholic event of the Millennium.

Another 'expert' from Reuters reporting opinion as if it were fact.Another 'expert' from Reuters reporting opinion as if it were fact.

He best stay out of politics. You have to be evil to participte in it. If he does play politics, he will be copy of Benedict when he excused Kerry running for president from being accountable for his pro-abortion stance. Don't make that mistake. Stick to religion. Fix the Church. Heal thy self!

Keep your Religious nose out of American politics.

The Mass is celebrated for one purpose only. That purpose is to comemmorate the Sacrifice Jesus Christ made for the forgiveness of sin . There is no political component. Saying there is one does not make it so.

The evil cult marches on

Per National Catholic Reporter, the Pope's gold-plated silver ring is a hand-me-down once in the possession of Pope Paul VI's secretary, and later owned by an unidentified priest. It's of ignoble lineage altogether. It'll go well with his black plastic wrist watch. His coat of arms is very plain as well.

This is a historic change.  The Catholic church has just replaced a feeble old white man with a feeble old white man.  Praise the lord!!!!!

Sorry I will not be attending due to other more important matters going fishing (old St peter)

The Catholics, Baptists, Mormons and Muslims should unite in a grand parade of fools.

They'll continue straddling little children and that's about it.Straddle, kind of like an acholight?

Yes, the leaders of the American Catholic church try that, too...

It's better than straddling anti-Catholic bigotry especially the idiotic stereotyping of every preist for 2,000 years allegedly being child molestors, that really gets tiresome and boring. That takes either a really low IQ or extreme prejudice.

Bring all the little children unto me.......the disgusting perv

These are exactly the kinds of people Jesus would shake hands with, right?

biden is a baby killer and a #$%$ monger. if he is a special guest at the event that says volumes about the popes agenda.

I wonder why the USA has an embassy if we are supposed to have seperation of church and state.

Let the one world religion begun...

The Vatican was preparing for a huge crowd for Pope Francis's inaugural Mass on Tuesday, an event straddling religion and politics that will bring together European royalty, heads of state and world spiritual leaders.Was preparing?

The title makes it look as if he is going to dictate politics rather then just address the heads of statereligion and politics dont mix well.

Why not just deal with priests 'straddling' little boys?

The religionists will straddle altar boys while preaching the evils of gay marriage.

"One must state it plainly. Religion comes from the period of human prehistory where nobody-not even the mighty Democritus who concluded that all matter was made from atoms-had the smallest idea what was going on. It comes from the bawling and fearful infancy of our species, and is a babyish attempt to meet our inescapable demand for knowledge (as well as for comfort, reassurance and other infantile needs). Today the least educated of my children knows much more about the natural order than any of the founders of religion, and one would like to think-though the connection is not a fully demonstrable one-that this is why they seem so uninterested in sending fellow humans to hell."— Christopher Hitchens (God Is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything)

In a nutshell: Obey the Church. Ignore our pedophiles. Give us money.   - Am I close?

It must be called the Double-Speak Mass.  Can't wait until they hold the Secular Mass.

Over a billion Catholics support him. I don't think he has to worry about a few hundred thousand atheist and perverts who oppose him.

WHAT? are they going to "straddle"?

let me say they need to be taxed if they insist on being religious "politicans"

Mugabe could be arrested anywhere in Rome since he can't fly directly into the Vatican unless he is loaned the famous white helicopter.Hahahaha!  The Pope preaches the gospel and straddles nothing!  Hahahaha!

And sure enough, some Priest will be going right up the middle

I wouldn't sit to close to evil little Joe Biden, wouldn't want to catch a lightening bolt that was meant for him.  The American Cardinals welcomed a man who supports the murder of 50 million unborn children in the US since 1973.  This is the great apostasy the Blessed Virgin Mary warned us about.  Shame on you Dolan you little apostate coward with no faith

My prayers for Pope Francis. My prayers for the Church! My prayers for those who are ignorant! My prayers for all those who lop their cheap shots at the Pope and at the Church.

VP Biden will fit right in.  Maybe they can give him a job guarding the doors.

Will NAMBLA sit at the front row?

It is amazing how catholics know about the 10 commandments, but they bear false witness against someone that says they shouldn't rape children! But I don't lie... tell me why Father O'Grady raped a 9 month old baby and the vatican buys him a house and gives him $800 a month in spending money?Tell me why Cardinal Mahoney hid over 100 pedophiles and he still keeps his job and voted for your new High Priest? Tell me why Father Murphy thought that is was ok to rape 100-200 deaf children? Tell me why Cardinal Napier says that Pedophilia is not a crime... who obsesses over it? I want justice! Not pedophiles!

Sad that evil little Joe Biden and his apostate clan are witnessing this.  What is more of a disgrace is Timothy Apostate Dolan welcoming the man who supports the murder of over 50 million unborn children since 1973 in the United States.  I travel around to various abortion clinic and sit in my car or find a place outside of the clinic property and quietly pray my rosary for the children being slaughtered inside and for the mothers that feel they have no option other than murder.  I hold the Catholic Faith close to my heart and I have never heard no seen any priest, cardinal in America do the same.  Instead Dolan dines with the men that create these laws to murder children, O'Malley gives them communion..etc..etc  I am taking a wait and see approach with Pope Francis.  Nonetheless Rome is not the place to look for the faith anymore, when they welcome abortion rights advocated with open arms, one can only pray that Christ will come and cleanse his Church.

"First you get down on your knees,Fiddle with your rosaries,Bow your head with great respect,And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!Do whatever steps you want, ifYou have cleared them with the Pontiff.Everybody say his ownKyrie eleison,Doin' the Vatican Rag.Get in line in that processional,Step into that small confessional,There, the guy who's got religion'llTell you if your sin's original.If it is, try playin' it safer,Drink the wine and chew the wafer,Two, four, six, eight,Time to transubstantiate!So get down upon your knees,Fiddle with your rosaries,Bow your head with great respect,And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect!Make a cross on your abdomen,When in Rome do like a Roman,Ave Maria,Gee it's good to see ya,Gettin' ecstatic an'Sorta dramatic an'Doin' the Vatican Rag!"With thanks to Tom Leher...

Keep Ur eyes wide open, to many phoniesIt will be interesting to see if he publically excommunicates the snake Biden.

These world is becoming a joke

Hahaha last days, Babylon

Some food for thought: To whom might this rightly apply?"And he says to me: 'The waters that you saw, where the harlot is sitting, mean peoples and crowds and nations and tongues. And the ten horns that you saw, and the wild beast, these will hate the harlot and will make her devastated and naked, and will eat up her fleshy parts and will completely burn her with fire. For God put it into their hearts to carry out his thought, even to carry out their one thought by giving their kingdom to the wild beast, until the words of God will have been accomplished. And the woman whom you saw means the great city that has a kingdom over the kings of the earth.' ” - Revelation 17:15-18

"Papal inaugural Mass will straddle religion and politics"....and hopefully no little boys

If you remove superstition and bigotry from religion all you have left are theatrics and fancy clothes.

I find it interesting that the media has focused so much on this Pope story. The media has a history of being anti religion so why the fascination?

Such pomp and royalty?The money spent on this singular event can take Christ to many nations.

Every papal coronation is a huge event with hundreds of thousands of people from all over the world attending. The news media again is reporting sensationalism !

Nwo coming soon, sponsored by the so called world leaders, religious leadersWOW -- over 30 gods will be represented?  Do they have riot squads on duty?

So, while  the Pope gets ready to deliver his message that will "...straddle religion and pollitics"  life in the Catholic cult will continue to go on as normal - as hundreds of priests, bishops and so on straddle little boys.

It'll be covered on MSNBC and all the other lib channels and they are upset about that. LOL

can't belive that stretch pelosi is there.  hope he reminds her and all other cafe catholics that abortion is murder.......

I thought the media alway's preached "seperation of Church and state (politics)"But it's OK for the Pope to tell everyone how to live their lives and be in the forefront of politics.

Straddle this.....

In the beginning, the Catholic Church created the Pope.  Now bow down and worship him!

Will the Vatican Bank be open for service?

May Pope Francis be the embodiment of Christ's will on earth.

I like reading the comments against the church by the angry, deviant perverts and other lost souls. They are so full of themselves.LOLMatthew, Jesus Christ said that no one on earth is to be called "Father, Leader, or Rabbi" (Matthew 23:1-12). Jesus was talking about the pharisees; the same principle applies today.In Revelation chapter 17, 18, it talks about Babylon the Great; it means the World Empire of False Religion. What is undesireable to God and his son (who are in union with purpose) is their misrepresenation of God, (notice Matthew 15:8-10; Titus 1:15,16) the Empire of False Religion, thus  will be destroyed in God's due time (in the Bible called "Har-Magedon" included is the "Kings of the earth" Rev..16:16). Those who do not want to "share in her blood guilt are urged to "Get out of her" 18:4.I mentioned this because only the true God, whose name is Jehovah (KJ, Psalms 83:18, Exodus 3:15, Isaiah 42:8; you may look in the old Hebrew/Greek scriptures:YHWH/JHVH you do not have to be a JW to respect and address him by his name, Jesus made his father's name known, John 17:6. He said for his true followers to "sanctify" his father's name, Matthew 6:9 Other religions don't encourage their followers.  Moreover it personalizes the true Creator and separates him from those who are called god's and lord's down here today." 1Corinth..8:5,6; Jehovah is a God of order, not disorder;1Corinth..14:33, Keep this in mind, however, Acts15:14; Proverbs 18:10; Isaiah 43:10) is to be worshiped, not man (Eccl12:13);Jesus did not get involved in politics (John 18:36) nor did he get involved in worldly affairs or man-made traditions and celebrations and said of his followers not to as well (John17:16). Furthermore, Jesus was not about gliz and glamour.  This world, for now, is under Satan the Devil's influence (Matthew 4:8,9; 2 Corinthians 4:4, 1John 2:16,17, 5:19; Rev...12:9-12; 1Peter 5:8). Matthew, there are only two roads, "spacious and "narrow" (Matthew 7:13,14). There is no in between. God has a purpose to bring back a paradise that was lost (Genesis 1:26-28; Titus 1:2, Psalms 37:11,29,34; Isaiah 65:17,21-25; Rev..21:1,3,4). Resting your hope on the Pope, or any other man, well, please read ( Jeremiah 10:23, Psalms 146:3,4, 37:34).God invites us to take in ACCURATE KNOWLEDGE of him/ draw close to him (John 17:3, James 4:8; 2Timothy 3:16,17; Proverbs 2:1-5) And not to "lean upon our own understanding" (Prov...3:5). Any question can/will be answered from the scriptures. There is no such thing as: "It is not meant for us to know."  God has a purpose, he wants us to know. We are all involved.Take care, Matthew.

The motto on his coat of arms is "Miserando atque eligendo" (Having had mercy, he called him). Again, this says SO much about the character of this gentle man. He realizes he is a sinner with a remarkable calling.

All these kooks making end of the world comments, please take a long walk on a short pier.  Coo - Cooooooo!

Who wants fruit?

...to Cesar what belong  to Cesar... and to God What belong to God!

1 Thessalonians 5:3  could this be the cry of "Peace and Security"

"Per National Catholic Reporter, the Pope's gold-plated silver ring is a hand-me-down once in the possession of Pope Paul VI's secretary, and later owned by an unidentified priest. It's of ignoble lineage altogether. It'll go well with his black plastic wrist watch. His coat of arms is very plain as well."The pope has a vow of poverty as a Jesuit, so this is fitting. The other popes of modern time were diocesan clergy, who do not have such a vow, and could have personal property. Friendship and simplicity of lifestyle are not "ignoble lineage" since of such were the original princes of the Church, the apostles, and their king, Jesus. In fact, Pope Gregory the Great, who was a monk, remarked how his simplicity of religious life was challenged by becoming a pope. He wrote that we make use of temporal things, but our hearts are set on what is eternal. Temporal goods help us on our way, but our desire must be fore those eternal realities which are our goal. We should give no more than a side glance at all that happens in the world, but the eyes of our souls are to be focused right ahead...on our goal.

Now world leaders are all together for Christianity ... Where is Obama going?

Talk about forming one world order... This has to be another sign, that the end is here.

The Vatican and it's clergy are the apostacy Jesus said would come after his death and resurrection. It and they will be destroyed at Armegeddon. When Jesus returns to establish the Kingdom of God on the Earth, and destroys the Vatican, I hope the survivors of Armageddon can go through the dust and rubble of what was once the Vatican, and have the pleasure of urinating on the pope's rotting corpse.God bless the pope and our country in jesus name i pray amen

As long as they aren't straddling an altar boy...oh wait it IS the Catholic church...

Revelation 17:5And upon her forehead was a name written, Mystery, Babylon The Great, The Mother Of Harlots And Abominations Of The Earth.

Coat of Arms?  Did Jesus have a coat of arms?  He was born with no place to lay his head, yet this rube has a Coat of Arms and claims to be God on Earth.  The pope is indeed the god of this Earth, who goes by other names, like deciever, father of lies, and so on. Jesus entered Jerusalem on a donkey, this guy is surrounded by the opulance and wealth of a thousand years of blasphemy.  Accept Yeshua as your savior by grace, Jorge Mario Bergoglio, condemn this worldly church and forsake its evil idolatry.

It is good to read so many comments from illiterate and uneducated persons as well as those persons with a cold heart. May GOD bless.

The Guardian article stated: “The most shaming thing for the church is that insuch circumstances Bergoglio’s name was allowed to go forward in the ballot tochose the successor of John Paul II. What scandal would not have ensued if thefirst pope ever to be elected from the continent of America had been revealed asan accessory to murder and false imprisonment.“One would have thought that the Argentine bishops would have seized theopportunity to call for pardon for themselves and put on sackcloth and ashes asthe sentences were announced in Córdoba but that has not so far happened.… Cardinal Bergoglio has plenty of time to be measured for a suit of sackcloth –perhaps tailored in a suitable clerical grey.”Now, instead of just putting forward Bergoglio’s name as a candidate for Pope,the College of Cardinals has actually elected him. Perhaps the happy-talkingcorrespondents from the U.S. news media will see no choice but to join in thecover-up of what Pope Francis did during the “dirty war.” Otherwise, they mightoffend some people in power and put their careers in jeopardy.

People of the world listen. we are DEMANDED by GOD to only put our Faith in JESUS CHRIST  alone. The only way to Heaven is to believe Jesus Christ is the SON of GOD. Jesus is not dead on the cross, He is ALIVE, AND LIVES. FAITH IS THE SUBSTANCE OF THINGS HOPED FOR AND THE EVIDENCE OF THINGS NOT SEEN. people want a god they can see in front of them. Moses proved that GOD is alive but only Faith sees HIM.Certain men of God saw God. Men of GOD are appointed by GOD. No need to vote. GOD is all powerful.  Billy Graham, David Jeremiah,Robert Shuller,all men appointed by GOD.  Jesus said;   They hated Me before they hated you. The only way to Eternal Life to Heaven is to Believe,   Faith in Jesus Christ.  Have no other gods before ME.  Easter means Jesus arose from the dead.  He no longer is hanging on a cross suffering. STOP continuing HIS sufffering. I hate seeing Jesus with all that pain, it's over. He paid the price.Put your faith in Jesus not the Catholic Church.

Don't any of these followers find it strange that "Jesus" has such an interest in global politics?

Don't say "STRADDLE" too loudly near the Vatican. Too many of the fat, old fools will trip over their manhood.

Papal inaugural Mass will straddle religion and politics....i guess that's better than straddling children, a one day reprieveThey are preparing for the final event of the century...one world government,one day of worship(sunday law),execution for those who oppose...history repeat itself and it's happening infront of us....rejoice!!! For he is coming soooooonnn....

Now we know where the politics is fed and ruled. Children beware, secularism is just a lie behind fancy clothes, rooms and gestures. The world is still flat.

Revelation 17 &amp; 18.