So they have a new leader of the Catholic cult. Big deal. The cult gets richer, the poor get poorer and the child molesting priest are still out there being protected by the cult. Not much have changed.

Poor church and church for the poor&gt;  I don't qualify so I should find a new church?  All my life, we gave donations to the missionaries and the poor.  Who will do that when it is only the poor?

I'm waiting for the garage sale of all the Vatican treasures with the proceeds going to the poor.

There is no reason a child should be born into poverty in the 21st century. If the catholics were serious they would allow condom use and other forms of birth control and used their vast fortune in gold, jewels and paintings to help feed the poor. Instead of giving the new pope a solid gold ring the size of an apple.

The Jesuits are murders and plotters to overthrow other churchs and government and bring the world under control of the Vatican, they align with Obama and team Soros on One World Order and One World Religion, Catholic of course.

Maybe he can remember the 2nd and 4th Commandment, Yashua said, he that doesn't do the least of my Commandments has broken them all, whoops Catholics you have been mislead.  There is a way that seems right to men but leads to death.

The old Pope, Joey The Rat, must Opus Dei.

Don't visit the U.S. Francis as Obarry has the poor covered here and then some.

Im more interested in his commitment to protect children from priests.

...in other religious news, the mormon church says paying your full 10% is necessary to build more billion dollar shopping malls!A breath of fresh air the world desperately needs.

Simply amazing how all the critics feel the need to enlighten the rest of us who believe in the Church. I know this to be true-you are simply jealous of those who have faith. The Church has screwed up bad in the past and will continue to do so, as an imperfect human institution. But the billions of believers in Christ are the true Church, and all of your comments only show me you wish you were one of us.

He has look of a simpleton about him.  The demeanor of a lovable oaf with slight retardation. Adorable.

If he seriously tries to make the church poor the mobster priests that run the vatican would bump him off quicker than you can say John Paul I. They ran Benedict out of town on a rail, the Roman Express.

Sorry holy father...the catholic church needs to stay out of other people bedroom or anywhere they may be having sex.partial birth abortion is murder,why not just prevent unwanted mistakes from happening in the first place????????????.cover up......sisters from different religious communities who work down in the poor countries are on the pill to prevent birth because of rape.

"Pope confirms commitment to the poor",  Instead of money everyone will receive enlightenment.....so they "have that going for them"  .If they thought big they could give memberships to the "Holy jelly of the month club"

Pope "confirms commitment to the poor" ...decides to give back 10% (well maybe not 10....maybe 1%) of the money collected from the sheeple of the parishes. Great business model

When Jesus gave instructions how to set up his church, did he say where to hang the artwork? Francis is making all the right PR moves. Will he make the right moves of substance? Time will tell. High hopes.

Pope's resignation reminds me those American Jewish Zionist coprporate CEOs who resign for personal reasons after stealing from the company and the common shareholders and after running the companies to the ground

The Catholic priest will switch from boys to gays for a change until people forget and a new generation of boys is harvested.OK poor Americans. You, the 46 million who live of food stamps, next week you will get a big check from the new Pope. Guarantee.

The country that the Pope lives in and all the vast fortures of items are great. The wisdom to speak unto the people who hold this religion, if provided the guidance from the Pope to give to those in need, by reaching out and helping others would be great. As the people who attend this church would follow such to some degree. The giving of such by the people without attempts to find tax write off's would indeed change the world greatly.We shall always have the poor among us and in time such actions would lead to humanity being cared for and actions to help around the globe. Father and my Lord, bless this man to do your will and stand against the foundations of division. Let your goodness flow through this man to help the world as in his hands are great things and ways that you may work for goodness on this earth. Amen

If the pope can solve the worlds problems then we dont need God, just like satan said

Churches are only good for their neighborhoods and communities. Anything beyond that is a business that keeps the priests in shiny new cars. You will never see a poor bishop.

Pope Francis says this while wearing a handwoven silk dress made by child slave labor while he sips wine made from a 24 karat gold chalice.

... stop supporting this cult. You are just as guilty.

This is a redundant, repeated report as previous news reports on the same subject !

Constantine's state church has always relied on the poor and the illiterate for its support and material growth; and it knows how to #$%$ them to get it.

The Catholic church secures it's position by perpetuating poverty and then championing those very people it helped to come into existence by insisting against the use of birth control. It's is akin to fast food businesses that support the fight against obesity but don't  offer anything but high fat foods!

I'm full of joy he has commitment to the poor.....he will send tons of money to USA .......we have so many poor people here.....god bless you FrancisThe 2 priests Francis turned in were found in the forest drugged and naked. Drugged and naked? I'm in.

Francis: "Let me tell you s story"....."There was once a little boy who knew something was wrong and wanted to tell......"

Poop Francis is my hero!

if your comitted to the poor pope, sell all the church's wealth and gold your hiding and help the poor! hyprocrites!

he plans to keep them poor by not letting them use birth control and having as many babies they possibly can.

The poor are usually easier to fool.

his first step will be to open thousands of orphanages in africa.