He doesn't need a prepared speech and speaks from the heart ?

While I'm not Catholic, this guy will make a really good Pope. Very humble and down to earth.

Pope Francis should learn humility from the late Mother Theresa.

Then he stunned the crowd by saying that the 16th century reformers were correct.

This is so exciting... I hope they'll keep us informed and tell us of his first ride in the Popemobile too.

I don't see this Pope in reign that long, he's frugal and responsible, he's for austerity......He's big trouble for the greedy Vatican

I wonder who's having second thoughts

I still think they should have elected a Jew. The first pope did a good job and was Jewish (Peter).  Unfortunately, he was killed by Italians (Romans).

He looks like George Bluth Sr.

I'm not Catholic, but Pope Francis seems as a man that daily walks with God.  As for comment from xps420... If you have no sin then by all means cast that stone.  Anyone that walks with God couldn't and wouldn't have comments like that.numerous comments here about forgiveness for the Catholic church child molesters.....I am not Catholic......People need to wake up and see that this is not just a Catholic issue....Its a world issue, in schools, all Denominations and societies................

Thousands were tortured and maimed by them. Many died at their hands.

He certainly does play to the crowds.

This is going to go over a lot of peoples head's but here goes,,,,The height of arrogance is the height of control of those who create god in their own image .Freethinkers enjoy....

Yes, we must forgive.  But one must be held responsible and accountable for one's actions.

Gee! He's human just like the rest of us! Can you believe it??!! But I believe he is sincere and will do the best job he can. He does need to shake-up and clean house in so far as the Roman Curia is concerned. Too many of them have been there too long!

BFD.

He peeped out and emerged from the #$%$ of the vatican

Has anyone ever researched the catholic church? People aught to do that. Then you will see what kind of organization it really is. Remember the inquisitions.

who cares?Oh, so this Pope breaks with tradition? Cool! Maybe he won't be one that harbors criminals. How refreshing.

"Makes his first window appearance" ... This pope-fest is as bad as the papparazzi following J-Lo or Brittney.

If women were in charge, would that be called a "mamacy"?

If anyone thinks there will be any major changes in church policy they're going to be disappointed. Every time a new pope is chosen we hear how the church is going to progress and every time it's the same old, same old. For the most part all religion is stuck in the middle ages with outdated thinking and the Roman Catholic church sets the (snails) pace. Give it a week and we'll be back to the misogyny, homophobia and cover ups.

Dear Yahoo!. Please stop the nonstop Pope coverage until he is found balls deep in an altar boy. Thank you.

Hitler used to wave to the crowds from a balcony too.

We do not need a pope.

He may be humble and down to earth, he is 76 years old, They should have nominated a younger man. I don't think "he" will make a difference to the common person. To the Church perhaps, What he says and what he will do are two different things. I'm not a fan.....

I was wondering if it was Microsoft Windows.   The first great internet hoax was the Microsoft Hoas in which Microsoft acquired the Roman Catholic Church for an undisclosed amount of stock.  It is still Google-able and makes an excellent laugh.

The appointed shepherd and 1.2 billion sheep will follow him...sadly.It doesn't matter what language Pope Francis chooses to speak. Actions speak louder than words, and his charming character and personality is there for all to see. May God bless you Pope Francis.

LOVE IT.  We needed someone like this in place.  Hope he stays there and in good health for a long time to come.

Gee, I thought Dennis Rodman was going to be the Pope's first guest. I guess it didn't work out for Rodman. Bahaha

Old geezers are just old geezers.

This is going to go over a lot of peoples head's but here goes,,,,The height of arrogance is the height of control of those who create god in their own image .Freethinkers enjoy....

RCC is base on tradition, greed, child abuse, queen of heaven goddess, masonic rituals, and power.

RCC is a secret masonic cult, money making machine, bible changing/twisting, child abusers, queen goddess worshipping leaders, and has the whole world fooled. the bible says the very elect will be fool.

he should get rid of that silly costume.  how can someone dressed so silly be taken seriously.  he looks like someone you'd see at a carnival.  a native american tribal chief's headress is actually more interesting and inspiring.

Of course he keeps asking people to forgive.  the catholic church are full of child rapists that the pope's keep sweeping under the carpet and "forgiving"

Wonderful man.  I hope he has a long and productive tenure.Evil....Why did he ask the little boy that and then cause doubt in his mind?This shows what's to come for everyone!Just wait till 'sunday-worship' hits the fore-front.....want be long now..........

I have been given the authority to give blessings by a priest.  Therefore I now give a blessing to all who agree with me that the bible is full of nonsense.

u can love him like a brother but not like a God ,if he claims to be holly father run a way from him......holly is only God in haven Son and holly Spirit.......not a humans !!!

we need to repent and pray straight to Jesus ,only he can forgive sins and bless u ! only he is the one who can save u and me,not a pope......

Too bad Italians such as the wife of the Emperor Constantine decided what gospels were to be included in the bible and what gospels excluded.  All who beleive in the bible are slaves to that obstinate woman.

if I touch the pope, will I win the lottery?

LOL The pope looked out a window.........STOP THE PRESSES !!!!!

so much press about an old geezer

To bad he ,didn't fall out and to his lying ,thieving, conniving good for nothing fake, sorry awss death Period.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Long live the pope!may your papacy be a vital tool to change the world for good. I am amazed by your simplicity.Habemus PapamOh, so this Pope breaks with tradition? Cool! Maybe he won't be one that harbors criminals. How refreshing.

And they worshiped the image that the beast had given power to. Thousands showed up to pay homage to the new pope that the church had appointed.

he must act to look nice ,sweet, different like walking with God ,so he can build up authority and manipulate crowds of people.....we can receive blessings only from God ,not from pope ,he is not God only man who is full of sins like everbody else ..

i think people should seek strenght from Christ only !!!!! pope is only man like u and me...

Why all this talk about the Pope.  The press will soon print when and how he takes a s***t and the color of the stool".

Trailer trash we will pray for you,bcoz you need to became a better human being,the devil is your buddy.

Yahoo took the article down hastily, but not before I read it.  The Pope is a coward, a hypocrite, and a fawner.  If he's the best of the lot their church is really in a spot.Christ's representative on Earth is less than he appears...much.

when the pope takes a deuce, he uses walmart brand toilet paper, and not Vatican's toilet paper. what a rebel. I guess when men take the throne of God, all they can do is look pathetic