Don't worry Bloomberg. Kids cannot afford your $12.00 cigarettes anyway. Smoking weed is more affordable.

America, where personal liberties and freedom of choice used to matter.

People like Bloomberg are dangerous. Their intentions are good but they believe the rights of the individual are less important than their ideas about what is good for society. They have a tendency to turn into dictators.

If I were a New York resident, just for fun I would take a few friends and stand in front of the Mayor's office window smoking cigarettes and drinking a sugary Big Gulp from 7/11.

Abortion supporters argue that the Government has no right to dictate what a woman should do with her body.  Here, however, that's exactly what's happening in relation to drinking soda and smoking, salt in food, and more restrictions upcoming.  I wonder how all those abortion-liberals will explain this one.

It's more about losing freedom ,,this is what our forefathers fought and died for

The nanny state at its best. Do you need any other reason to hate the Libs and all they really stand for. The complete control of very aspect of your life from start to finish. I love when they say that people who smoke cost people who don't smoke because of higher insurance. I wish they would use the same thinking when they want to give more welfare to people that don't want to work and are a true drain the the middle class and the country as a whole.

This is the same man that ran 400 high-paying Altria jobs out of NYC to Richmond, Va. He has seen the welfare rolls double under his tenure. If the man was accused of leadership, there would not be enough evidence to convict him.

Tobacco is a perfectly legal product, it just might be unconstitutional to try and force it to be hidden under penalty of law.

Next, they will propose putting all food out of sight because if you eat you may get fat.  Liberal idiots are a plague!Does Bloombird have a big "Wheel of Banning" that he spins?

If there is ANY liberal making comments against Bloomberg I have some advice for you:  shut your mouth, hypocrite.  You people VOTE for this garbage!!!  Don't like it?  Then educate yourself before you make another stupid choice come next election!

Bloomberg has already raised the cost per pack using taxes to $15.00 +, citing the increase itself would cut tobacco usage. If that failed, WHY would New York legislators buy into any other tobacco ideas from him?

The gangs of New York will thank Bloomberg for creating a new market for them to deal in; it's happening right now in Chicago.

Bloomberg is a blooming idiot!

So we'll spend more police time fighting smoking in our city where resources are needed to stop ship loads of heroin from coming into the harbor. Well, I guess you have to have prioities...lol

First the soft drinks, then firearms, now cigarettes - pretty soon the government will be telling us when to wipe our butts.

And you wonder why people make fun of Noo york sitty.

While I am an Anti-smoking advocate, I am not an Anti-Constitutional advocate and Bloomberg is all about taking away the rights and freedom of citizens. He is a disturbed narcissist and a very dangerous individual.

Crack dealers &amp; #$%$ on every other corner, but Bloomberg is more concerned with keeping cigarettes out of sight.In sight or out of sight, there comes a time in everyones life where the choice will be made to pick up this habit or not.

Mike. hey guy, here's another idea for ya. ban all the autos in NYC....Do you realize how many people are killed every day by one of those "murder machines"? Steak knives too. I bet there are people even now thinking about stabbing someone. If you need anymore help with some ideas for your agenda give me a call.

Recent studies show that over the last two years air quality has decreased in New York City.  In response the Mayors office has outlawed breathing for the good of the community.

This guy is really giving jews a bad name. this is the poster boy for a human rights grabbing jew.

If a private property owner decides otherwise, who is Bloomberg to stop him??

Is Bloomberg popular in NY?

Eletist control freak.

There's lots of things I don't like or would do in this country.We're a free country and need to respect others views  and beliefs.I don't mind doing that for everyone. But seems like these times have produced a huge amount of cry babies.Who call you names and try to force their values or wants down your throat.This is getting unacceptable.

He should show so much concern about the education system in New York. 80% of the kids graduating from high school can barely read or write. It's all about control. He doesn't care one bit about the kids.

ban this clown mayor from office, smoking crack and coming up with this stuff should be a crimeI think drastic times call for drastic actions. Here's what we need to do. We find a big cliff somewhere, and we start lining up smokers and pushing them off. And let's get all the tobacco guys, too. No reason to leave them out. And anytime someone comes along and says, "Hey , I feel like a smoke,", WHOOSH, over they go. Then we got no problem anymore right. Soon, we start to see that this is working pretty good, so we change our focus: over eaters! We find a new cliff, and we start doing the same thing to them. And then we go to....Hey, wait a minute, where is this going to end??

he forked out 600 million of his own money for anti-smoking efforts around the world?, I would like to see how that was put and to whom on his tax returns. How many of you would quit smoking if Mr. Bloomberg gave you the option to quit for 1 million dollars. been giving his money to the wrong groups.

Bloomberg should be sporting a mustach and an arm band.

When did it become the government's job to control our behavior? If we do not stop it here, what will they control next. Without resistance, we are giving our silent approval. Then, they are unstoppable.

It would be a great relief if Bloomberg, the champion of all things stupid would drop out of sight.

so is bloomberg giving dems a bad rap or vise versa ,

That guy needs a hobby... And to realize that he isn't king and banning everything he pleases isn't favored by all...

This is more about control of people than it is control of cigarettes. Bloomberg is running NYC like some dictator and people are dumb enough to stay in the city.

Bloomberg is a danger to our freedom.  You people in NYC better wise up.  He will have cameras in your damn house next.  I cannot understand why ANYONE who lives in this country would want the government to tell us what we can do such as eating, drinking, etc...  it is frightening.  We might as well live in Nazi Germany with these #$%$ bag politicians.  We will all be required to be in uniforms next.  That is not a joke.  It will be brought up. You are the same tards who elected Barney Fwwwwwank.  That's Frank with the massive #$%$ lisp.

Libtarded morons agree with banning anything that they disagree with. That ISNT freedom morons.Living in NYC must be like living in a Fascist State.

I see how this works now.  The right to choose what to do with our body is only reserved for liberals.

Another dumb idea from Emperor Bloomberg.

Crime, corruption and drug use must be under control in NYC. There's plenty of spare time for the Mayors pet projects.

Weed is OK but never let someone SEE a pack of cigarettes.  Hey Doomberg,  can we say the word "Cigarette" or is that against the law too?Are you on Dope or just a Dope?

Michael Bloomberg, once again, has gone too far. Why the people of NYC tolerate this wanna-be dictator is a mystery. Democrats always seem to be behind controlling others...

This guy must have no crime in his city if his biggest problems are sodas and cigarettes

When I owned a gas station in Ct. in 98. We were paid for "display" by the tobacco companies. It was NOT an insignificant amount each month! How this can be considered legal, to restrict display, when the product they are selling IS legal, escapes me. New York seems to take all this to the extreme and one can only wonder where it will stop.

Bloomberg is a coward.  He should just use his totalitarian techniques to simply outlaw cigarettes in NYC.  Why dance around with it and try to create cute little ploys like this.  Just do it.

Bloomberg, here's an idea.... worry about yourself.Those are people that believe they know so much more than you do and they would have to decide what you have to do for yourself. I bet they will ban plus size underwear one day so that they can force you to lose weight.

Let's apply this to politicians as well so we don't have to listen to this drivel.

They tried this before.... I believe it was called PROHIBITION..... You CANNOT legistlate morality.  Stop trying to govern every single facet of peoples' lives.... The government has NEVER improved things for the populace.....stay out of it.

He needs to stop messing with the small stuff and do something more constructive! Smoking , dringing soda, is not going to stop! If he would focus on helping those people who dont have homes, offering better medical care to the poor and numerous other things that need fixing besides his fixation on drinks &amp; smoking.

What is most dangerous thing to Americans lifes. Is a goverment that wants to control the American people. NOT the American people that wants to control the goverment.

Why not just make tobacco illegal?  The mob will gladly take control of that industry.  Only a fool will try to save a man from himself.

studies have reported that 15-35 yr olds just seeing the SI Swimsuit addition has induced prolonged bouts of lower gastro intestinal problems.. Talk about bad science, ugh.  I am firmly against smoking - but where does this end? No candy advertising:unfair to diabetics, no beer commercials unfair to alchoholics, naturally these will all be "protected classes" very soon. Take responsibility for your lives folks, or someone will do it for you, and someday you won't like it.

Just stupid.

How can Bloomberg be for smoking marijuana in public and against cigarettes?  Bloomberg continues to prove that he is full of foolishness every time he opens his mouth.

No problem for the youngsters, marijuana readily available, cheaper with no taxes and you get a buzz to boot.I quit smoking 26 yrs ago. (I smoked 2 packs a day) And yes there were times when I would walk into a store and see a display of cigarettes which gave me an earge to buy a pack. But I chose not to buy it, just like I chose Not to smoke anymore. It was my decision to do this, not anyone else's. The only thing that putting them out of sight will do is prove that we have a dictatorship in this country that needs to be checked. Peolpe should have a right to think and decide for themselves.

ny ppl are to stupid to think for their self

How about liquor? You know that liquid that destroys families and livers? You know that liquid that people drink and then get behind the wheel and drive and kill people? Not one word about that from Mein Fuhrer Bloomberg.

I'm all for ways to keep youngsters from smoking but what Bloomberg fails to realize is that as long as cigarettes are around, youngsters will find a way to get them.  How about we just stop making cigarettes?  That seems logical enough....but wait, so much money is made off of smokers that they would never do that.  So this is basically a catch 22....we want people to NOT smoke but we want to keep raising the prices because we know people will smoke....this is a joke.

"Anti smoking advocates" aren't any better than PETA.

what i find amazing is we feel it necessary to tell people what they can smoke or how large the sodas are they drink.  We don't think people are educated enough to make these decisions on their own.  but we will let anyone off the streets vote with out a single question asked.

Does not this mayor have better things to think about?  Get out of my life you narcissist over-contolling knat. Stop telling everyone else how to run their lives. Even God gave man freedom of choice.

Next, we'll hang sheets over the golden arches.

How will they enforce it?  Will he have his gestapo go store to store to check?  There's a great use of resources. Leave it to a Liberal for this idea.

What's next for NY??...Grocery stores with large sections of dark, covered isles with black iron doors at either end, sporting jagged cardboard signs above that say, instead of "XXX" -"Coca-Cola, bagged sugar, spirits, Hershey bars, bubble gum, cigarettes, Lucky Charms, Captain Crunch - Must be at least 18 years of age, in possession of at least two forms of government picture ID, and accompanied by a store manager - your name &amp; photo WILL be forwarded to the proper government agencies.  Have a Nice Day &amp; please come back!"For all of it's bluster about toughness and independence, NYC has devolved into nothing but an overcrowded island of pre-pubescent cowering wimps....just begging for mommy government to tell them what to do, when to do it, and how much of it to do....Good point, cigarette users pay the most tax and harassed the most of any citizen in the country and everybody jumps on the band wagon. Remember Libs are never satisfied as you can see with sodas, fast food, fat people, guns. Time to say no we respect freedom and its risks.

What is next for Czar Bloomberg ? Deciding how large a Dwelling should be ? How about how many calories a meal should have, or what colors should his Subjects wear ? Where does it end ? But the real question is WHY does NYC keep Electing Him ?

New Yorkers must be the dumbest people on this earth.  How an entire population of a major city is incapable of making decisions for themselves is very hard to understand, though look at the consistent track record of people they put in office.So much for the thought that they (NY'ers) are the "elite" of society.  Maybe one day they will evolve into beings that have a brain.

Liberals should be seen but not heard.

This guy is off the charts. So if he gets his way then no movie filmed in New York could allow smoking. Whats next hide the Condoms too? Oh and the 32 ounces too would become invisible.

Liberals are not too bright. History repeats itself when you fail to learn it and clearly they failed history. All the lessons to be learned from their oppressive their agenda can be gleaned from Prohibition. Crime went up when the government decided it knew how to take care of it's citizens better than the citizens did.

Smoeone find out what Bloomburg's addictions are and bring them to light. Then maybe he will shut his big mouth because of the embarressment.

Of course Bloomberg wants to hide cigarettes, he doesn't smoke cigarettes, he only smokes poles.

Oh, Goody, let's OUTLAW CARS, keep them locked up OFF THE STREET, because THEY KILL thousands of people every year.... There's your logical thinking Mr. Mayor.... No more taxi's. No more buses... Start walking everywhere Newwww Yorrrkers.... Your Mayor has deemed it so....

bloomberg shold be hidden from viewEvery new law, no matter who well intended or benign, takes away some freedom.  Bloomberg and all his type should be out of Govt. everywhere.  Return the US to a Free Constitutional Republic.

remove condoms they promote sex for teens!  remove gumball machines they make you fat! remove hot dog vendors they make you fat !  New York SUXX

I usually refer to that idiot as Blowberg but, now I think it is more like Controlberg!

This is just getting OUT of control here...THE LIBERAL Left has JUST become a fascist ideal here in the country!!Out of sight?? really?How about making ALL Alcohol out of sight too? THAT causes alcoholism and has destroyed more lives and homes QUICKER than 20+ yrs of smoking ever has or will!!Oh wait, prohibition does not work..What is the irony is that for all this 'non smoking' initiative in NYC, they comepletely IGNORE all the NOXIOUS VEHICLE FUMES from all the vehicles in NYC every single DAY, which is FAR more invasive and toxic!!!  Why is there NO initiative to BAN all combustion engines from NYC to repkcae with CLEAN electric?well???

i think bloomberg belongs in communist cuba......this is america where we have freedom of choice........I will do what I want to my body and my health.

This is America and he can take his nanny state and stick it. NY needs to vote this guy out.Just because he is a Billionaire doesn't mean he can get in bed with the people and make them abide by his law

I will be the first to tell you that cigarettes have their consequences; I have COPD but death is also another very real possibility. But.... I will also tell you that Governments (Federal, State and Local) have no business telling those who elect them what the hell to do with their own personal lives. They should also stop spying on them and trying to control... they were elected to guide and administer, not dictate!  Governments have gotten too big for their britches and need to be knocked down a few pegs... in fact, I think we could use a whole new Government from top to bottom with Regular People, not Wealthy, Connected, Ivy League College, Secret Society types who have an agenda that isn't good for this country.

why is it we let this Guy flood our court system with his #$%$, and this is AMERICA its no COMMUNIST China nor North Korea!!!!

"Anti-smoking advocates and health experts hailed proposals from Mayor Michael Bloomberg..."So did they click their heels and give the stiff arm salute like good little Nazi(s)?

What will Bloomberg and the Democrats TAX to replace the $Billion$ in revenue lost when tobacco use is outlawed?How bout the Lotto Gloomberg? thats ok ? Promoting Gambling is a  CRIME in NYS, section 225.10 sub. 1 of the Penal Law of the State of NY !!! Liberal hypocrites !!!

NY is becoming the leader in the new totalitarian America. I have seen many posts alluding to a 1984 scenario in NY and it seems that fiction is indeed becoming reality. These politicians don't even seem to care what the general public opinion is anymore. If it will get them votes, voters, or money, they are going to pass it regardless of the negative impact on society. 536 people thinking only of themselves and their party agendas, making decisions 300 million of us have to live with. The more you try to be a law abiding citizen, the more they penalize you in favor of illegals, crminals, and lazy welfare lifers.

Wonderful, he will try to follow dictator in chief obozo as a real dictator. I personally can't stand cigs, but this guy is pure in his ways of dictatorship! Keep him NY, hope it is his last place in office.

The most embarrassing mayor in teh USA. Doesn't he have a city to run?? Are people in NYC to dumb to make their own decisions, maybe the liberals are dumb but I'm sure the conservatives can make their own decisions.

Bloomburg is Obama's little dictator both never believe in freedom and never follow Constitution

Keep the M&amp;M's hidden, don't let anyone one see the soda pop, burry the microwave popcorn,disguise the white bread, divert attention from the potato chips.......blah, blah, blah.....

mentally ill people are every where.....especially in our goverments.... !!!!!

What is this POS trying to hide with all these diversionary tactics?

He keeps going like this and they gonna rename the Napoleanic Complex after him. The Bloomberg Complex strikes again!

So are they going to start hiding the alcohol and condoms too so teenagers won't drink and have sex?Sieg Heil Bloomberg!! I guess he is running for dictator next.

whats next? keeping the beer out of sight also!

Does Bloomberg get turned on by telling people what to do?

Why are all these politicians trying to play God? All these advocates are getting to be a joke too. We have freedom of choice in this country unless they dumped that amendment. I respect people that do not smoke that is their CHOICE. I smoke that is my CHOICE. Enough already.

He could suggest that they "hide" the cigarettes behind "Playboy" magazine! LOL !

Cigarettes!

Would like to see conservatives push back, stop any new regulations and start rolling back old ones. My god the liberals will go crazy. It would be fun to see!

My guess is its Bloomberg who will keep out of sight!!

Will somebody PLEASE beat this little SOB to death?

When I was smoking I used to complain about all the rules against smokers, but I must admit, once I quit, those rules made it a lot easier for me to not go back to smoking.They came for the big drink but I don't buy the big drink so I was silent. they came for chewing tobacco and cigarettes but I am not a user. Then they came after my donuts. NOW I AM ANGRY. But it is too late THEY have all the control.

Out of sight is not out of mind or a cure for a habit.

You can walk into most stores and see pot pipes and glass pipes,bongs,water bongs.Who cares about cigarettes when we advertise all the other stuff?

The little dude just won't keep his butt out of people's business. Since when does some short politician have the right to tell me how to stock my shelves?

Smokers already paid a hefty price on their personal choice.  They're become a cash cow for many cities &amp; states.  Orignially, the tax was used to treat tobacco related illness, now, they use taxes to supplement their local government income.  By the way, I'm not smoker.

Looks like New Yorkers will soon have to ask to go to the bathroom too !

I guess New Yorkers need someone to manage their everyday affairs.

This mayor is stepping outside the limitations of his office, he needs to be concerned with the infrastructure of the city, and not individuals choices on what they want to eat/drink/consume, that is individual choice, and should be up to the individual, and left that way.

ANOTHER clear violation of free speech. That includes the govt stifling your advertising of a legal product. If they think it is so harmfull, just BAN it. Hypocrites just try to kill a product they dont like by regulating it to death, like Obama and oil, natural gas and especially coal.. Wake up sheeple.  1984 is now here. The ObamaNation is now in session.

I dont smoke and have never tried one.I dont even like being around smoke but Michael Doomberg thinks he is a king not a Mayor.What is it with liberal mental midgets like Obama,Pelosi,Reid and Doomberg thinking they know what better for people.Stay out of our lives and worry about yourselves!!!"The ban, which would be the only one of its kind currently in the U.S., is aimed at discouraging young people from smoking."As wonderful as it seems to discourage young people from smoking, this is really a DUMB idea! Why? Because tobacco advertising is exclusively regulated by the federal government. Chairman Bloomberg has absolutely no authority to regulate in this area. We must now ask ourselves, "Is this guy flippin' crazy? Should the people of NYC require him to undergo a psych exam to determine if he is fit for public office?" I should think that any sane person would know the limits of his authority. And when those limits were in doubt, to solicit legal advice to determine where those limits might be. I suspicion that either Bloomberg is insane, or he is an immoral, illegal tyrant unfit for public office.

What's next for that dictator? Hide booze? This Bloomberg guy is really overstepping his boundaries. He seems to take up the notion that only he knows what private businesses can or can't do. Slowly taking away personal freedom from people. He should be impeached. This is America, and when you put up your own capital to run a business, gov't needs to keep their nose out of other's business. He isn't worth what he's getting paid to do, always dictating what can be sold or hidden. Hello, Bloomberg...go jump in the ocean. You have no right to do this to business owners.

Sounds like a touch of Alzeimers to me. Minding everybody's health is strange.

Despite Bloomberg's stance on personal liberties, people continue to vote him int office.  His ideas may have good intentions; however, the choices should be personal ones not ones that are forced upon the people.  Just remember the type of politician that Bloomberg is come election time people.

one right at a time till he has full control. till all freedom is gone.

bloomburg is mad at smokers because his wife want let him smoke sounds like he needs replaceing people like him is the reason we have rights.

Ole Doomandgloomberg at his finest!!! Are you liberal new yorkers proud of yourselves yet!?  First a carpetbagger from Arkansas for senator and now this guy. Oh well, I guess you get what you voted for. Enjoy it! As sad as it is , it sure is amusing for the rest of us around the country to watch.

Nicotine: The most insidiously and addictive gateway drug of all.  The right to ruin one's health should be one's right. I have no problem with people sucking tobacco smoke into their lungs.  It's the fact that they don't keep it to themselves that I have problems with.  Clean air is a God given right.  Having the right to pollute the air is a self serving attitude that permeates our society, and it only serves as proof of how addictive the new age nicotine saturated tobacco products are.

For all of you who are cheering on dictator Bloomberg, savuior of souls and mankind, wait until he doesnlt like something you are doing - the lets see how hard you cheer!  Hey Bloomberg, go spend your own money and get out of our lifes!

Welcome to MY world. I live in UT. Alcohol can be sold in restaurants, but must be hidden from view. The current GOP legislature levied extraordinarily high "tobacco tax" on ELECTRONIC cigs. When told that the electronic cigs were NOT tobacco, the spokesman said "they still look like cigarettes".That is right, #$%$ everyone off so they will throw your #$%$ out next term.

He needs to focus on cutting costs in NYC , so the rest of NY does not half to pay for programs that are milking the public.

How do the people of NY know how many squares of toilet paper to use when they're on the toilet, without anyone to tell them ?

ATTENTION NEW YORK CITY ! ! !Mayor Bafoonberg's actions are a distraction! He is attempting to keep you focused on these ridiculous trivialities so as to keep whatever actions he is actually planning out of the forefront and out of the public eye!Look for what else is happening! Dig deeper and don't stop! There is something afoot that is more critical than you might imagine... FIND IT!!!

My suggestion is to ban Bloomberg.  Is this guy sane?

Does Bloomberg have a hotline where the people of New York can call in and ask how many squares of toilet paper they can use while they're sitting on the toilet ?   Or, is that on next week's agenda?

There are other things to protect than the use of sugar and tobacco.  i realize the road bloomberg is on but some how it will lead to hell.

Hey Bloomie!  How about hiding Welfare and Food Stamp Applications?  Hide them right behind the Help Wanted ads...that should work.

Don't stop there Bloomberg, hide all the candy, snack foods and beer. Seems you have to  much time on your hands.

With Bloomberg, it wont be long before you have a sign over the front of your 1/2 empty store (because everything has been banned) reading "This store has been CENSURED because we know what's better for you that you do".Blumberg is the worst POS I've ever seen.

They will hide them with the BIG GULP cups.

Gotta love the irony. Obesity kills more people every year then lung cancer, yet everyone criticizes Bloomberg for wanting to limit sodas. With all the regulation and taxing, the number of smokers has remained close to the same since the 70's. Before you get your panties all bunched up...that is the ACTUAL NUMBER, not the percentage of the population. This is simply a political move to gain some points with the sheeple.

BAN LIBerals From Politics.. now thats a great baN

His plan is getting better reviews from those that suffer from dillussions of Godhood as does Bloomberg.  I think America should cease all activities in their daily lives.  After which we should ask Bloomberg's permission for each thing that this clown wants us to do.  That way the transition would be complete.  America, created in his image.  Anyone notice what that result creates and who that makes Bloomberg.  This man is an extremely dangerous to the vision the founding fathers had for this once great nation.

Again, Bloomberg concerns himself with trivia.  As a former smoker I can tell you that putting the cigarettes out of sight will not deter anyone who wants to smoke.  Bloomberg keeps worrying about the small stuff.  What is wrong with him?

Thank God for liberal governments... They always know what's best for us.

sooner or later this douche will want to ban something that all the non smokers and their do goodie cronies like, and then the smokers and soda drinkers can say " I told you it was coming"

Fascims in plain sight

Nanny Bloomberg is a (P)hucing idiot.....people hike on cigs and smokers, but they are the same people you (a)ss wipe politicians are bleeding dry with your taxes to pay for children’s healthcare in most states.....their will come a point when more people are not smoking and you will not beable to fund these programs through smoking.why cant this one get hit by a bus

Give me a break! Let's beat the cigarette dog again! Meanwhile we leave the feral pigs of alcohol and drugs untouched. I have never heard of anyone killing someone else for a cigarette even though it might kill them. However, drugs and alcohol are multibillion dollar businesses with huge lobbies that manage to cover their destructions as they continually enslave and destroy people through our bent toward addictions. Smoking is a compulsive habit, not a disease. Nicotine has nowhere near the addictive and destructive power of oxycontin! Bloomberg is a little king trying to beat on his chest! May NYC be set free from such a doufas soon. I wonder what his addictions are?

This guy has got to go!  He should get off the soapbox and try to solve NYC's rat problem!

I'm confused:  Is Bloomberg Mayor of New York City or the New York State Surgeon General?  I mean, aside from his primary duties as America's Gun Control Czar.

I would say people of NY City it time to elect a new mayor.

Has anyone considered hiding Bloomberg

Hey DUMBberg! 80% of the kids going out of NYC schools can not read! Explain that?

If Bloomberg thinks he can run for President as an Independent, he best think again. He's completely alienated Conservatives, and with Hillary likely being the Democrat nominee he has absolutely no shot whatsoever.

oh! i see cigarettes behind the counter! i think i'll start smoking!

IF CIGARETTES ARE SO BAD THAT BLOOMBUTT and his Liberal limp #$%$ buddies want to protect us, THEN DO IT RIGHT!Don't come up with some HALF#$%$ LAW?BE A #$%$ MAN, BAN ALL tobacco products, any product that can be burned and inhaled.That goes for cigarettes, pot (MEDICAL OR OTHERWISE), meth, crack, ect.MAKE IT ILLEGAL to BUY, SELL, GROW, IMPORT, EXPORT, USE, POSSESS, AND REPORT ANYONE WHO DOES.SAVE THE HEALTH OF THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK.Now about those products with Alcohol?if SS is going broke in a few years bcs people pay in less than they take out by simply living longer...... raising retirement age to 67 will leave young people less jobs.......  so if smokers want to die early by freedom of choice, who is right mind to stop it?????

Next up....In order for everybody to get exercise line up in the street every morning at 6am and march goose step style until we tell you to stop by saying Sieg Heil.....

These people are adults they don't need the government telling them what to drink, eat, or smoke...Our government is putting their  noses where it doesn't belong...Fix the problems we are having with our country and stay out of peoples  private lives...

If he wasn't so short, he'd be able to see over the counter to get his smokes.

Hey Bloomey!  How about you start by giving back ALL the tax receipts NYC gets from the sale of tobacco products and shut-down the programs those receipts fund?  Speaking of "risky" behavior...you really want to go there?

Heroin is cheaper and easier to get in New York than Cigarettes.

Just another demoturd idea to control everything that will get shot down in court just like his idiotic soda ban.  When demoturds ever learn.  Oh, that's right, never.

So it's ok to be pro choice for abortion which is a health concern for children but not ok to be pro choice on smoking which also has health concerns for children,  I don't get it...........

I would like to keep our civil rights and hard earned money out of reach and out of sight of politicians!!!!!!!!!!!

Lets keep New Yorkers out of sight.Hey Mayor Bloomberg, how about being a Mayor not a mother……

These anti-smoking individuals and seem to have the similar commonality with autistic people. They can’t concentrate on the more important things in life.

bloomberg is the official growler inspector

bloomberg wants me to spread my cheeks so he can inspect my growler

ENOUGH! This is really getting out of hand! Smoking is a choice, so far it is legal. If you have the majority (77% and up) of the population NOT smoking, it is time to declare victory and move on. The last 23% will not change without extraordinary efforts because they CHOOSE to smoke despite the risks.

I think most people are getting a little sick of this dictator by now.

Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.NY pensions are just fine, but those big sodas are a real problem.

Bloomberg is an idiot, The state iof NY currently collects $4.35  and the city of New York adds another $1.50   $5.85  of State and city Tax on every pack of cigarettes sold.   Hey Mr Bloomberg what would you and Cuomo do if everyone quit buying and or smoking in NYCWould you then tax candy bars or Coffee.

Eventually the liberals will get to you....

Bloomberg is a dumb#$%$!anything that gets fewer people to smoke, I'm totally behind.

Bloomberg is a slow learner.  A federal judge has already stricken down his BS soda ban as unconstitutional.  What a tool.

Anyone praising this or his soda plan, doesn't really deserve to live in a free society.

Does this sound familiar?"I'm the enemy, 'cause I like to think; I like to read. I'm into freedom of speech and freedom of choice. I'm the kind of guy likes to sit with a greasy spoon and wonder - "Gee, should I have the T-bone steak or the jumbo rack of barbecued ribs with the side order of gravy fries?" I want high cholesterol. I wanna eat bacon and butter and BUCKETS of cheese, okay? I want to smoke a Cuban cigar the size of Cincinnati in the non-smoking section. I want to run through the streets naked with green Jell-O all over my body reading Playboy magazine. Why? Because I suddenly might feel the need to, okay, pal? I've SEEN the future. Do you know what it is? It's a 47-year-old virgin sitting around in his beige pajamas, drinking a banana-broccoli shake, singing "I'm an Oscar Meyer Wiener"."

This is starting to remind me of "Demolition Man" anything unhealthy or anti-social is illegal.  This mayor is just the tip of the iceberg that is starting to form around our country.  Or should I say, is our country.  We better wake up and smell the coffee or we will be a country by the government for the government.  A dictatorship without the title or military presence in the streets, but still a dictatorship.

I hate cigarettes, but I hate self-righteous meddling even more.

So what's next? Wine out of sight? Beer out of Sight? Booze?  Don't think he will be reelected........

This guy represents the worst kind of government, period.

Welcome to America - land of nut job and special interest dictatorship.

Bloomberg should be concentrating on  figuring out a way to have NYC support itself instead of relying on the taxes from the rest of the state.This is stupid. I quit smoking 8 months ago but before that, I knew who sold them. Forcing them to hide them will not stop people from smoking. Just another pain-in-the#$%$ politician with another hair-brained idea.

Bloomberg is a dictator!! he should spend more time fixing the real problems of NYC instead of his own personal views.

What next bring back prohibition?Banberg has too much time on his hands!

Bloomberg just go away, we don't need a Dr. Bloomberg watching out for us, stop your pompous tirades into personal lives and businesses alike, stay in the closet Bloomberg!

Bloomberg just might be the most dangerous politician in our country. He's fighting his own little war on liberties.

I am old enough to remember smoke-filled jury lounges, conference rooms, offices, teachers' lounges, hospitals, doctors' offices, restaurants, hotels, airplanes, airports, and buses. Back then, there was no refuge from the toxic blue haze. The adverse health impacts and economic burdens of passive smoking (second-hand smoke) are very real, as is the misery smokers inflict on the rest of us. This is also why I oppose legalization of marijuana, at least until the two burning issues, DUI and protection of nonsmokers' rights, are adequately addressed.

The next step for this pathetic nanny government is to dictate the proper government aprooved method for wiping of the rear. Government inspectors will be standing by at the apropriate locations to assure strict compliance......

The welfare of the people has always been the alibi of tyrants. Camus

What? We can't use colored toilet paper anymore?  The Great OZ has spoken.

New Yorkers are so stupid, they need to have a wackO tell them how to live.  Looks like more New Yorkers are coming to Texas.  Go Home Yankeesgloomberg .... desperate for attention

i am the black market and i approve this message. They can claim cigarette consumption has dropped by a third but a little research shows people get their cigarettes the cheapest way possible. Thus the black market wins.  do some research and see where a lot of the black market profit goes. I marvel as I watch legitimate businesses loose money to counterfeiters all over NY and Bloomberg does nothing. I also note the increasing number of unused store fronts. Please Mr Mayor, help those who play by the rules rather then helping those who don't.

When I grew up there were cigarette ads, displays etc. EVERYWHERE...never caused me to take up smoking!

When is Bloomberg going to pass a law that all New Yorker must wash their hands after they use the potty or face a big fine?

Bloomberg is a Progressive and they gave us alcohol prohibition in the 1920's. This is why government needs to get rid of guns, so we can't fight back. If the colonist did'nt have guns we would still be controlled by Great Britain. Wake up before it is too late. The road to hell is paved with good intentions.

I quit smoking on June 16th of last year. Right after that, we were in upstate NY doing some work and spent a couple of days. One morning my buddy had to stop for smokes, and came back out without them, because he couldn't find any that were less than ten bucks THEN!!!!!

If you are for this ban then you also MUST beleive that fat people should be taxed heavily as they cause much more of a drain on society then cigarettes (which by the way is a net GAIN to the economy).  Cigarette smoking is a horrible habit and I am all for banning smoking in buildings,airplanes, etc. but people have the right to smoke if they so choose, as the have the right to eat read meat, not excercise, etc.

Maybe we can hide the condoms too--to prevent teenage pregnancy.Totally asinine.

I know more teenagers that drink rather than smoke. Ban alcohol from all of the shelves! Alcohol kills more teenagers than cigarettes you stupid fools. Oh yes, it IS our right to smoke, drink and eat potato chips if we so choose too.

Hey folks, wake up. Just another government infringement on you life - telling you what you can and cannot do in great detail. Government should be working on jobs, the deficit and why we have so many broken families and unqualified workers.At $12.00 a pack, the politicians should try and hide them!What a frick'n shame, the price of a pack of smokes. All for taxes... Where's all that tax money gone to? I am 51 years old..I remember a pack of smokes cost .35 cents. What the hell happened to this country????These over-taxing politicians, Dems and Repub's alike, need to be sent packing! Now, not later!

what about electronic cigaretts....do they have to be hidden too jackass???????

Oh how i wish Liberals would just extinguish themselves from this life, why are liberals so miserable that they have to butt into other people's life and take away the freedom that was fought for us.I enjoy my life so I leave other people's life alone,why can't liberals? Because they have no peace in their heart!!

He needs to ban the homeless from subways. They smell awful, they leave garbage and filth on the train, they urinate and defacate in the stations, many are mentally ill and a few violent. The homeless present health and safety hazard for both subway riders and workers and it's not fair for someone's child to unknowingly sit in a seat previously occupied by a person who just soiled themselves.

Here is another rich man trying to leave a legacy, which he cannot buy with his money. I remember when Ted Turner, receiving the Liberty Medal in Phila. said that the words to the Star Spangled Banner should be changed by omiting "the bombs bursting in air". They have financial power, and therefore they want every word they say to be taken as "gospel". They have many followers, admirers, and friends, since people always gravitate to the "successful".New Yorkers, tell him to go pound!

Hide the smokes, booze, wine and candy too....the only thing we should see when we walk into a store is milk (non-fat only) and bread (100% whole wheat).  Why be tempted anymore?   Why have a choice.   What's with this crazy trned in society where civil liberties and personal choices are limited by liberal politicians?  Pretty soon, the government is going to tell us that marriage is no longer an instuion between a man and a woman......they'll start saying crazy things like "gay marriage is okay and normal"......help....my country is slowly dying.

why don't these government get out of people's personal life and worry about fixing there city's

just a stupid as his first banning, what U got against freedom of choice...R new yorkers too stupid to be allowed to choose for themselves?

Hey all you new yorkers and a former resident that is what you get for electing liberal democrats and he will continue.  He like obama think they are gods and can do whatever they wish and continue to take your rights away. So just sit back and accept because this is what you voted for.

Question; are liberals the dumbest people on earth? Answer; yes.How did we ever manage to survive before nanny Bloomberg controled our lives?

What crackpot plan will this screeching liberal come up with next?  Will he ban the Scouts for not being gay enough?

Keep all ALCOHOL out of sight too .

I thought the liberals hated the rich. Will we see parades of condemnation here?

i can't wait for the mayor's campaign making sure people wash their ice trays regularly.

Cigs are bad and weed is good, says Bloomberg Daddy!!!

I wonder if Bloomberg is a descendant of Hitler's nephew (who actually lived in the US).

Holy #$%$....whatever happened to our rights...........is this guy our freakin mother or what...i am an adult, i may not always make the right choices, but that is my right to make those choices....this mayor is a Nazi, and a control freak...glad i dont live in his city

More "Big Brother" #$%$ ... Stay the hell out of my life !

so when they effectively kill the cash cow that is the cigarette tax..where is that money going to come from? that revenue has to come from somewhereNeed to Ban Bloomer-berg from breathing........Hope you people in NYC vote this jerk out next election.......

maybe Obama will make him some kind of sin czar.how do these #$%$ keep getting re-elected

in America we have the right to start a business and to make it work you have to mind it.  If you don't mind it, chances are it will not last.    Let the business owner sell what he wants. If it doesnt sell then the business will not last.  Bloomberg should mind his own business and let the People decide with their money.

Mr Bloomberg you are communist ssahat. Get over your self no one needs your #$%$ leave be gone.

Can someone present a bill that requires Bloomberg be kept out of sight?

New York is becoming more like 1984 every day

OMG is the mayor an a..hole or what, wasting our money on interior decorating

Classic liberal thinking - wouldn't it be nice if _____; achieves goal through massive government intervention.

my doctor recommends Chesterfield cigarettes

excuse me, i ordered a Zima, not emphysemaThe more an item is on the "forbidden fruit" list the more the kids will seek it out to be COOL.Have we not learned anything with controlled substance/drugs and alcohol?

ANYTHING we can do to stop kids from smoking is a good thing.

A group of protesters were seen trying to catch their breath and coughing a lot just before passing out.

Should we also put spoons out of reach of the obese? ..and pharmacy's kept locked up to to only non-addicts? How about everyone having to give a breathalyzer to purchase alcohol and limit purchases? Why not start with putting exactly what we ARE eating on all food labels. These are all just as ridiculous as thinking removing cigarettes from view will have that great an impact. The more want there is for something inaccessible the more dangerous it becomes trying to obtain it.

If the parent, or parents smoke, keeping cigarettes out of sight will not help. Teach what you know, Reproduce what you are. Smoked for 30 years, both parents smoked.

This is already enacted in Europe....... Saw it in Ireland personally

Bloomberg...get over yourself...do something for schools, transportation and the working poor who don't have enough food to eat. You have no common sense!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Bloomy is the most dangerous man in United States. He is taking on the whole NRA by HIMSELF! He is a nut case who thinks he knows better than you.13th richest in the world, has nothing else better to do than regulate what he think is right. He deserves to get killed

My grandparents worked their #$%$ off and lived frugal but satisfying lives...until they neared retirement. That's when all the hard work and sacrifice paid off. Now they live in comfort and security.So, suck it up, stop your whining, and stop making excuses.

Sitting on an oversized wallet for too long cuts off the circulation and causes a lack of blood flow to the brain. Doctors call it "wallet syndrome." The rest of us call it facism.Your not going to stop kids from smoking.  If they see their parents smoke then they are going to too.  Most kids that come from a smoking family are the ones who smoke then there is their friends that smoke and they want to be kool and smoke too.  So the fact of the matter weather it is their parents are other friends if they want to smoke they will, and the government will not be able to stop it, just like drink under that age of 21 has happened.  lol

Here comes another one from Fuhrer Bloomberg.  He loses on the soda so I guess everything here in NYC is just peachy Keen that he can now waste time &amp; money on this drivel.  Hey Mikey,  why not get those schools performing better?  after all, you did fight for mayoral control of the schools yet 80 % of NYC Public School graduates needs remediation courses. I am so sorry I voted for this Liba Nazi in 2001.  What a disgrace.Heil Bloomie

Bloomberg  has more  serious issues in  his city to resolve.  I think he comes up with these crazy ideas just to get his name in the media. Possibly setting up a run for President ?

Great.  We can't think for ourselves.  We're not smart enough.  Only Bloomberg, and the other aunties can direct our lives for us.They all need to go away.Maybe someone needs to tell Bloomberg that he needs to take speech lessons so he won't sound like an whiny New Yawkah.

Why is he getting paid for this? With all the problems this state has, this is his solution?!

At $12.00 a pack, you shouldn't need to hide them. That's incentive enough not to buy them. I remember when you could get a carton for that much... and I'm only 40.

Next is a cigarette limit of 7 per pack and you have to pass a background check before you buy it.

The more mysterious and taboo you make cigarettes the more younger teens are gonna want to get them.

This dope is a big reason i'll NEVER become a NY resident, the damn people actually voted him in and love when he takes their liberties away.  After all, liberals know what's best for you, because you're clearly not smart enough to make your own decisions?

I thought the Doomster Doomberg was the City's Mayor,Not the Country's Surgeon General.I'm surprised at how negatively everyone is reacting to this.  It's not stopping anyone from buying cigarettes nor making them more expensive!  Smoking serves no purpose except to generate tax revenue.  Alcohol isn't healthy either but at least it gets you drunk.  I'm a drinker, former smoker.

I don't smoke but this is just bizarre.  Some of our local stores keep cigarettes and tobacco behind the counter or in a locked case due to theft prevention.  They do the same thing for baby formula.  I understand this from an economic/loss prevention standpoint but not a public health standpoint. Just cut down on kiddie advertising or something.  NYC has some of the highest prices for cigarettes in the country and that seemed to be working... guess not anymore.... This is ridiculous.

I know the slogan of the next mayor of NYC; Give me a 64oz Coke and where are you hiding the smokes!What needs to be out of sight is bloomburg. Another lib-dem who wants to take everyones $$ and tell them how they may spend what is left.

Violate U.S. Commerce &amp; Trade laws.  You can't tell a commercial venture they can't show the product they're selling.  That's a violation of Federal Law.

Ask the blooming idiot what the city would do if everyone stopped smoking??? Where you you replace the millions in tax dollars???? These hypocrites make me puke!!!!!!

What about tobacco or smoke shops?  Customers have to know what they want before they look?   Maybe all vice products should be hidden from all customers - smokes, alcohol, condems, candy, sugar, salt, snacks, soda, etc.   Stores will only be able to sell - display  milk &amp; vegetables....All New Yorkers, call the mayor office every day &amp; tell them what you be eating for that day.  Ask if it is ok.  Repeat ever meal, they seem to be only ones that know best....  FLOOD THERE OFFICE with calls.

Do New Yorkers like this guy? I'm starting to wonder about New York?

All hail King Bloomberg lol.

Irony? Cigs stunt your growth...Bloomberg is vertically challenged! Ha!

Mr. Bloomberg, please fix the NYC public school system first!!!Why is that all the leader's want to go against our rights, have the highest crime rate?

He only cares about getting richer. Look at the crime rate in the city, he dose not care about that at all. He can not control the criminals but wants to control everybody else, just like obaby.

This does nothing! And it won't stop young people from smoking.  Most young people have moved onto weed anyway.

How many people smoke in the United States? Do you really think this will ever fly?

Cigarettes (the addiction) will tell you to buy more.  Keeping them undercover may prevent new users, but I doubt a new user goes out and buys his first pack to try cigarettes.   Like drugs the first time is usually a friend asking you to try it.  You usually make that decision then if it will be a part of your life.   This sounds like a colossal waste of taxpayer money.

This man really annoys me.  He should focus on banning the "GANGS" that really run his city once the sun sets.  There's never a word about all the drug (including alcohol) use of minors or g-d forbid news about arrests of dealers. That's b/c these gangs have absolutely no regard for the law or laws, and control whole sections of the city.  No matter what draconian measures he attempts to put into place, people will get their drugs, and nicotine and alcohol are the most abused. They're both legal but yet, I'm not hearing anything about alcohol being hidden under counters or put in drawers to remove them from the vision of children.My late wife, a smoker, died of lung cancer in '04.  I smoked for 6 1/2 more years until I was blessed with an e-cigarette, and I haven't bought a pack since.  If he was as concerned about second hand smoke as he purports, he should be giving these devices away as they are harmless ways of ingesting nicotine, and do not produce second hand emissions.  It is the most amazing device I've ever held, and the biggest threat to the tobacco industry since the patch.  He's a power junkie and controlling pos globalist who won't be happy until he sees jackbooted thugs standing on street corners taking his directions while they strip away what's left of our liberties...

It's all #$%$ Bloomberg!

Have them leave the cigarettes out in full view....just post a picture of a dying lung cancer victim....and a picture of cancer filled lungs themselves....right next to them....let people make up their mind after seeing both.....

hide the condoms too and maybe that will stop teenage pregnancies....hide the alcohol and maybe kids will not drink.....hide the crime and maybe it will all go away.....yeah I'm thinking that none of this will happen....maybe he should hide away someplace!

and we need this law for??????? NOBODY GOES INTO A STORE AND SAYS..OOH THATS  A PRETTY PACK OF CIGARETTES...I THINK I LL START SMOKING  today FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER...smhHe's a 20th century Nazi. This is what Hitler did. He also included alcohol How unfortunate that the Anti Smoking group would praise this.They are part of the Nazi Org. also. This has gotten so out of control. They are taking the choice out of freedom.A lot of things are bad for you, but where will it ever end.

smoke-em-choke-em. Why am I thinking of Sarah Palin at CPAC? The neoclownz are still all that.Pathetic

If they want them,,,they will find them,,,what next???

Obesity is also a problem with our kids. Keep all soda, chips, cookies, donuts, and other snacks out of sight. Teenage pregnancy is a problem. Keep all condoms and pregnancy testing kits out of sight. We have a lot of gun violence. Gun shops and stores that sell guns should keep firearms and ammunition out of sight. To combat teenage drinking, keep beer, wine, and hard liquor out of sight. Where does it end?

Here we were told that lawsuits, onerous taxes, and multi-million dollar ad campaigns were going to protect people from themselves.

NYC's biggest addiictions, in no order, are drugs, alcohol and gambling. More money is spent every day on the NY Lottery than cigarettes. The cost of legalized gambling on lower income families is significant. Yet Mayor Mike thinks that stashing the Parliaments in a drawer will bring smoking to a crashing halt. This from the man who brought us Cathy Black.

+1 MichaelBloomberg is an idiot...hide them and people wont buy...yeah right

wow hoe did bloomberg get elected?!  #$%$  soo keep smokes out of site/ concealed in the hopes to discourage future smokers?  how does this make any sense ?makes as much sense as concealing large engine vehicles int the hopes of discouraging buyers from buying more fuel.  . . ..how do some politicians get dressed in the morning  w/ this idiocy steaming from their mouths . ..

I can't wait until Bloomberg is drooling in a cup and #$%$ down his leg getting his diapers changed once a day.  Isn't the guy like 90 years old, he should be doing depends commercials not trying to be dictate the actions of lawful businesses and products.  It's just a matter of time, thank god he's at the absolute end of his career and lifespan.  Hey Bloomberg, why don't you just worry about soaking your dentures and leave New Yorkers alone.

#$%$ is a much safer alternative!! ;)plus you wont be paying big $$$$ for all those cancer drugs later on in life!Is this all for the betterment of New york? Do the rats smoke cigarettes.

Demon-crat Bloomberg hates gun owners, large capacity soda drinkers and tobacco users.  Who does he like? (besides himself)...

Let's Ban hard surfaces! Bright colors and loud babies in public places, also while we're at it coughing sneezing and chewing with mouth open should be fined!

Only if we can keep sertain politicians away from microphones...

Don't forget to hide the beer  rum vodka etc. They kill too

"Bloomberg,Bloomberg uber alles..." The real crime is $12/pack of cigarettes!

It's scary how our government is becoming more and more controlling of its own employer - we the people.

Keep up the good work Mayor Bloomberg. I am making a killing selling smokes to your people down here in Delaware. Thank you for the customers. If you could please raise your beer prices a little more that would be great also.

Sounds like Salt Lake City where they hide the booze in a restaurant so you can't see it. You can still buy a drink with your meal and I'm sure this will do nothing to deter smokers.

Next Headline:  Bloomberg Bans Hoodies!next it will be liquor and then tic-tacs

How do you go about creating a police state? I suppose you start small and work your way up so as to meet the least amount of resistance along the way. Frog in hot water.

I live in Norway.  This is a national law here.  The cigarettes are still up behind the cashier, but they are simply covered by a small sliding door that is easily pushed aside to gain access to the boxes.  Seems to work fine.

ban all assault cigarettes

Will he next try to control how much pepperoni on your pizza and how much meat on your sub?

Next this guy will think he's King of the World.  What's the matter with him?  Money and power...

smoking supports terrorism. new yorkers helped fund 9/11 through smoking taliban zigs..

Next up from Mayor Mike: all athletes on NYC pro teams having sub-.500 recordd must wear masks to hide their faces when in uniform.

What is this guys problem. Bloomberg worries about everything but the right thing. Cizg,soda,headphones. He should be worrying about how to help the kids poor families and guns on the street.

I suppose most people forget that Tobacco was was one of the countries biggest money makers when the colonies started.  This country was built by tobacco.new yorkers are animals. they need these kind of laws.

cigarettes are killing thousands every year and the politicians are making laws as to where and when we can smoke which is a violation of my civil rights ...also the campaign to stop smoking is plastered all over the TV and they are worried about young people picking up the habit....the solution is very simple...STOP MAKING THEM....oh wait ..then the politicans wouldn't be able to line their pockets with the tax money....my bad..

this man is a fool i am pregnant and smoke thats legalwhat are you going to due about that

Wake up America, your rights as a free citizen will be slowly taken away.God I love this country. God bless the U.S.A.

I like in England where each carton has CIGARETTES KILL written on it, and its the law that that warning label has to be bigger than the brand name

As a kid I never was able to get cigarettes at the store,  NO  I just took them from my grandparents.  What is next NY, you are telling the people how much soda they can drink and now this  So Sorry NY people   next time think again about who you vote in

ya thats the problem wow allthis time haha

Hate the "nanny-state" and the Mayor all you want.  While the soda-ban was going to be largely symbolic and in-effectual.  A display-directive for bodega owners is hardly without precedent or unconstitutional.  AND if you actually live in NYC and shop at bodegas, you know what their rents and subsequent markups are.  Moving the cigarette display off the prime real estate it already occupies opens it up to other products which can be moved at a higher profit margin to the store owner than low-margin cigarettes.  Ergo, more profit for store owners.As far as what you can and cannot display.  Nudity is far less harmful than tobacco, but you can't show the porno mags to the innocent kids.  If you can hide and "brown-wrap" Playboy and Penthouse...stands to reason you can do the same to the Marlboro Man and Joe Camel.

Bloomberg, for his part, emphasized that collecting money was "not the reason." If you believe that then I have billion's in my other bank account. NYC you put him in charge now deal with your Queen and we will have to deal with his boy friend, King Obaby. They are the worst leaders in the world.

I wish someone would ban them in Ohio so I could stop buying them.ok, Lets close all the liquor stores too so our kids wont buy or drink liquor, it also sets out on a shelf and highly exposed. I am a smoker and Im so tired of our government control! I can go buy a pack of cigarettes in your city but cant smoke them on the sidewalk. I can buy a bottle of liquor and get drunk and drive and injure or kill someone. Mr. Bloomburg...Did you have your cocktail this morning and pull this one out of your a--? Stop your drama and create jobs, enforce higher wages...go to OUR government and make yourself worthy of the position you hold and do your job, stay out of our business!

ban political smoke.

Ha-ha, Mike and his growing list of pet peeves...I think the next thing they shouldban in NYC is midget mayors...LMAO

They sell cigarettes buy making them look good with marketing and packaging. Giving an illusion of sophistication, cleanliness, modernism and appeal.  If they are hidden from view then there would be no need to package them to make them appealing.  Throw them in a brown paper bag and make the product look as bad as it is for you....just like they sell those "40 oncers" of beer. Why dress it up?

Why dont he regalate them bagel wid all that creme cheese on'em? That make more people fat than cigaretes and sugars do. He jes wanna hurt black folks!

please put Bloomberg "out of site".

Smokers kill others as well as themselves, and taxpayers pick up a large part of the bill. Bloomberg is taking active steps to improve public health and should be applauded. If ya really want to of course you can still smoke. This is not "loss of freedom".

your everyday government nanny state at work....

Where is this guy gonna stop? He won't be satisfied until the .gov is everyone's nanny. For the record, I don't smoke, and don't like it. However, it's a LEGAL product, just like soda.

How about don't make them anymore? Dam smokers causing health problems for healthy people. Hate smokers! Going in a store and some low class smoking at entrance of door,then the #$%$ smell goes in your clothes and hair. I refuse to be around smokers.I can not believe in 21st century people are still smoking !!! with all the information that are out there, people still saying that we didn't know smoking cause cancer and they go sue the tobacco companies !!  finally someone is doing something to prevent people from getting fatter (by drinking sodas) and getting cancer (by smoking)....this can be the first step...

"Everybody's on their own'' right-wingers never understand that the majority want to have a civilization, that for the common good band together and create well thought out priorities, rules, regulations.

Bloomberg was born to late....Should have lived in Germany in 1939, he would have fit right in.

Why doesn't he move to a communist country.  He would fit right in

I have a dingleberry on my but that may be unhealthy and I think Gloomberg wants to look into it.LOL

In Ontario Canada cigarettes have been banned to be showing in stores now for quite a few years. Drugstores are banned from selling cigarettes and any other tobacco products. Convenience stores sell the bulk of the cigarettes now. for the everyday shoppers. The exception is the Indian reservations that sell almost 50% of the cigarettes in Ontario as they do most of their sales in cartons. No taxes and cartons cost 80% to 50% less than in a store. All packages have to have pictures of what cigarettes do for you that take up over 70% of the package. So freedom of choice has turned Ontarians into criminals to avoid the high taxes imposed on them.

At 14 dollars a pack with &lt;8.00 minimum wage how much are the kids going to be able to smoke?  Plus they are still supposed to be carded remember?

Ask Bloomberg how much NY is in the hole. No problem there I guess. Cigarettes and sodas are the issue of the day.

What's really toxic in this country is that we bail out these banks in New York.

the castro brothers will be gone soon, and this will be a perfect time for nanny blumie to move to cuba and get ready to take over, and don't come back.So they are saying if they plastered moral messages up, like abstinence banners, that kids would find it normal and it would cut down on teen sex?  Ridiculous.I also fail to see how a $10 minimum price on cigarettes cuts down on smuggling.  I can buy a pack here in Indiana for $4.  I would sell those $4 packs for $10 all day long...