What about Velocity Of Money?

Guess what happens when you "over-inflate" a baloon?

We are fooked as the cycles of up and down increase in frequency of stocks suck the average persons net worth dry, just as predicted by the bringers of depression and economic collapse.

I sure liked playing Monoploy when I was a kid.  Printing money gets us nowhere.  Look at the price of gold vs.the Stock market gains.  This is the true indicator.  Drink up, people who believe Obama saved the economy.

When the brokers start selling short, they'll put out some negative news stories to help the prices go down and clean up.  Then they'll buy low, put out some positive stories and clean up again.  When did we stop buying and selling on actual financial strength?

As the Wall Street market booms,The average american struggles. Higher Gas and Food prices ,Illegals taking our jobs and homes...Why shouldn't the market rise. Deeper into Average americans pockets for profits against the poor.Speculation from marketeers will destroy us ..you heard it here first....

Hey Dudes stop drinking the koolaid and do some research.  The Republicans are trying to Save this country AND your A__es. What Obama says and does are 2 totally different things ...see any changes in your paycheck lately???

When unemployment is up so is the stock market.

JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon: 'We Actually Benefit From Downturns'

That damn Obama killing the economy. Ohhh wait......What will happen to us when China,s bubble burst?  It is going to happen.

Sequester is gonna hurt the economy big time and just increase the govt debt. Unemployment will increase, food stamps, medicare. Too many govt workers lose their jobs than all the private workers that depend on the govt workers spending. But that is what the GOP wants because it won't hurt them, their corporate sponsors or the wealthy. Only the poor and middle class.

Yeah, dollars are more and more worthless.

Here's the deal  as good jobs disappear as more #$%$ jobs without pensions take over, forget  assist living as no one will be able to afford those kinds of places...anything where you are depending a pension or savings to save you in your old age forget it, I'm going to short all that #$%$ , because we are producing nothing but poverty in this country, the jobs are gone, dollar stores are the new industry here and the minimum wage is the new wage...

Why do they keep telling us this BS?

When Bush became president, I put my money in safe money marketfunds. The return was abysmal, but I got my capitol back unlike most of my friends that invested in the stock market. When Obama became president, i put my money back in the market and I'm doing pretty good now. So much for socialism.

Volume is nothing more then the same #$%$ getting kicked from the winner to the loser or vice versa...

Seems like an inverse relationship exists between unemployment and stock market volume. Maybe if we all yank our money out of the market at the same time, our economy will improve.

It is just a illusion its just the rich have gotten so lucky at the casino this time .Joe average goes to the track or casino to gamble his or her small striped. The filthy rich are using the world as there casino.Its a fact !

The market did not go up.  Only volume went up.  That is not good.  Only if the total market goes up is it good.  You can have a huge sell off and have the volume going upLargest volume means nothing but some lost big and some made big, it does not mean the market went up/  You must read yahoo with caution.

Free market economy is the fairest system in the universe. Not borrowing on future unborn generations (Dems). Not crony capitalism (Republicans and Dems). Think about it.....unless you squandered your free education and can't think intelligently

gee how I wish Bush 43 was back so the market can hang around 6500

Sooner or later, the full weight of this scam Crock Market will eventually implode and it won't be pretty

Trading in shares is gambling . . . and all gambling is 'rigged' by the 'House Rules'  . . . which means there always has to be more losers than winners, and no matter what, the 'House' always wins.- Who owns the 'House'? The NYSE was bought by IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) in 2013.Who owns ICE?  It was founded by it's current CEO Jeffery C. Sprecher - 2100 RiverEdge Parkway, Suite 500, Atlanta, Georgia.- Gambling is an addiction.. . . seek help to quit, now.

Not only do comapnies with little or no equity value fll quickly, it looks like the insiders are getting out while they can.

As the dollar starts to inflate even more, the market looks like a good place to keep pace.  For a while.

the oceans of money and regulations are causing this not recovery. The oceans of money and regulations is theft of the buying power and the savings of the worker and it transfers that wealth to the powerful and government.

All the bottom feeders are jumping in. When the big boys take their profit, the bottom feeders will blame the government.

Approximately 5,394,500 shares changed hands,They should count their fingers to make sure the wall street banking exec did not steal some of them.Sure it went up, just look at gas prices skyrocketing and Obama the rectum does nothing! I hope the #$%$ who voted for him go down with him in flames. Our country is over 18 trillion, that's 18 trillion in debt and he still doesn't care about the economy. The idiot still wants to give away our money, still want to let over 12 million illegal's become citizens so we can LEGALLY support them! and put them on our broke Social Security which they haven't even paid in for... we decaying from with in... thanks Democrats for your socialist view and votes...

Decliners lead advancers.

What their not telling you is that there's no retail investors anymore, it's all institutions buying and selling to each other. Take a look at who owns most of any companies shares. The stock market is a closed system now, not public

I guess this means there are more jobs; but it doesn't.I guess this means the economy is growing, but it isn't.I guess this means Wall Street is useless and it is.

Wall street loves cheap avalible labor, and we got that in spades, lots of folks willing to work for little or no money. As Albert Collins once said "The poor stay poor, and the rich stay rich, and I'm right here in the middle, aint that a #$%$ (Cash Talking ,the Working man Blues)

Interest rates suck, manipulated by the fed, imf and world bankers just to prop up their stock markets. Thus stealing billions of investors money they have in their savings accounts.

Thank you, President Obama/Vice President Biden keep up the good work.Keep our cost low, and defense in shape to be the strongest border control, and terriorist removal, whether in or out of country.Kill these thugs radical terriorist,no matter where or when, end this States creating, No Drone Zones.The price of freedom is higher, and to us the drones on terriorist in country, is a cost cutting measure, and void out their legal or illegal citizenship, when they choice to join this radical groups, and have their so called cells, in our nation this has to stop immediately.They can no longer hide and do their cowardly killing of Christians or Infedels to get their image of heaven, hiding behind the Quarn any longer.To bad that President Reagan didn't declare this star wars action in 1986 before it escaladed to the National Debt financial cliff crisis.With both of your help we are starting to turn around the worest depression since 1920, God Bless you both.

Faqe!!!! I'm a millionaire! thanks President Obama! Just filed my taxes and I'm wealthy. LOL

Ted, please get your head out of your crack. Willard the waterboarding guy,lost the election because we don't want tax cuts for the rich and loud mouth yahoos, corporate fat cats, and billionaires with funny hair running the government.

That 14,000 represents the money that the brokesters and banksters are using from your retirement accounts to pay off the billionaires and countries that are bailing out as April draws closer and we find out that we will either have to cut 100s of billions out of our budget or have a 2 Trillion dollar deficit next year instead of just a 1.5 Trillion dollar deficit to continue paying for waving our sac all over the world in everyone's face while Death Incorporated gets another couple hundred billion in no bid contracts.Dam time to economize! I had a great year considering capital gains! Love our President. I have more money now then I have ever had all due to the economic policies of the Obama administration. You losers who are poor . Its your own fault! Invest!

Global Clean Energy - GCEIturns trash into energy and recycles what is left

If you're invested in the stock market, it means you're doing well.  See, these corporations are making all sorts of money, sitting on piles of cash.  Why?  Because they refuse to hire anyone and expand.  Why?  Because the future is uncertain.  Why?  Because the GOP keeps mucking things up.

Corporations are making tons of money.  Most of them have cut back employment and fringes and went more hi tech.  They are setting  with a allot of money to invest ,but due to the uncertainey with OBAMA Administration they are going to tread water and unemployment will continue to be an issue.... Maybe Obama can convince them to hire his Gay brothers and sisters.

The fatting of the calves before the crash / slaughter...You can rest assured someone is getting rich, but it is NOT the average Joe.

At the start of the day the volume is always hi and... with so many lay-offs profits rise.

85 billion stimulus borrowed from china and given to wall st crooks every month  will do that!! hope and change reeeetardz!!!

Obama rocks! Thanks President Obama for making me a millionaire! These people who are poor are to stupid to invest prudently and most are Republicans.

HISTORY repeating -- just like b4 all wars --WAKE UP - we re getting fleeced b4 the hammer falls- gear up and get ready  and rerad about obummer getting scrutinized bysupreme court this month - why ius this not on mainstream media outlets -- pass link along  Speaking of immigration--- Barry soetoro, harrison bounel , barack hussein obama--- thelibertybeaconDOTcom/2013/01/30/supreme-court-to-review-case-on-obamas-forged-documents/

Obama sucksand yet my Roth IRA and other investment portfolio are still a quarter what they used to be..This is why I now mostly invest in land and rental properties paid for with cash.....

Jump in, fools!  Right before the crash!  Mwahahahaha!

It's a cold winter in the capitalist north so demand for fuel is enormous.

real unemployment is in 20% range if you do the REAL  math ,,,but the liberal sheeps muppets too lazy and think and believe all  the rampant bs statements  from the woebummer owned media clowns

Where are all the trolls that said a few years ago this president would destroy this country? Maybe they left......lol....The economy is on the rebound, unemployement is DOWN, our troops are steadily coming HOME, but somehow this president will destroy this country....ilmfao!

Obama must be the worst socialist ever. LMAO!!! Stupid Tea Baggers!!!

Trading like scared rats before the bottom falls out of the market....hope it crashes on their criminal heads.

Most all the stocks are over priced do to Back and forth trading by the Institutions, hedge funds and HF trading.The cash is not in the market that was there before 2008 and the trading  volume in dollars not trades is not there.The  shares are over priced and the market hit 14000 because of the fake money pumped in by the Fed.It wont last forever.Never have so many sheep been fooled and controled  by so few power brokers.Obama is the Howdy Duty Puppet on the strings and the losing Romney run went all as planned.

Watch out, the "Crash" is coming.

Holy (SH)(IT) Romeny will able to put another car elevator for his home . Good manthe (j)ews are onto something

I say FA-Q to wall street -- criminals all of them --- i worked in that industry long enuf to get a series 7 and 3 and i could not believe all the lies you are expected to tell people --- buy this product --- Why...?    cuz we need u to so we dont get screwed --- but u will --- --- friggin any1 in that business is below slime and #$%$ --- you are actually as distasteful and unappealing as lawyers and politicians and bankers and thats saying something - u #$%$ s

Most trades are made between funds or hedge groups therefore they are counter productive.

All lies -- to get the sheep to keep playing roullette with their $$ -- they will take it when they want -- it is a manipulated entity run by criminal bankers ---  The crash is indeed coming -- 1 to 2 years MAX- hopefully not sooner cuz my escape plan is not done yet-- lol-- i want out of this country -- asap

I keep hearing teabaggers say the economy is in the crappper. and we should tax these "job creators".If the top 1%ers are making piles of  money, where are the jobs? India? china?

There needs to be a fight over spending. Or does all the people how thinks there a money tree growning at the white house. Have one in their backyard also.To pay back the billions of dollars BORROW. FROM countrys like RED CHINA. Or maybe they do not get it. WE THE TAX PAYERS. PAY BACK THAT MONEY

Volume means nothing other than some quant computer decided to buy and sell a couple million shares today.

The stock market is run by computers not "traders" this means nothing. All these gains are gone tomorrow.

the fight over the debt ceiling is going to wipe out all of your earnings. Go GOP

i sure the people making money is not going to sit by and let the republicans non compromising stratetiges ruin their spoils. If this trend continues they will beg Obama to run four more years and the republicans to start going alongRT AMERICAMAX KEISER SHOW

Stock market is up over 6,000 points in the last 4 years!

Two weeks ago you right wing nuts were bailing out of the stock market.  Fed up with you hate filled, right wing terrorists.

#$%$ociated press must be confused.These two headlines are right after one another on the page that brought me here."NYSE sto#$%$s posting largest volume decreasesNYSE sto#$%$s posting largest volume increases"

Maybe no crash, but downturn, no apparent  reason for the upturn, similar to old housing boom, some people bought, knowing it was too high, but hoped to sell for profit before the cave-in,some did , some did not.

These market "largest volume increases" are a knee jerk reaction only to ot falling immediately off the cliff, ratehr than on sound fiscal policy.  This imperialist president and his cronies are trying to collapse our economy, because as history shows, only then can a society be reshaped, i.e., Nazi Germany.  Do not let this president get away with this.  Hold him and his cronies responsible and impeach this radical socialist.

Who is John Galt?

The numbers would be much easier to read and comprehend if in table or spreadsheet format

oh this flashy casino designed to steal and rape Americans of their hard earned and saved cash ..known as the stock market!

The Yahoo story yesterday was NYSE posting record decrease.......a house of cards.

Im 60 yrs old now...i have seen 4 generations get completely wiped out of their retirement funds, and their savings, without one ounce of retribution or justice.this monter money gobbling devils wheel just keeps on churning them out. The Stock Market!

U.S. banks are not allowed to "sell derivatives and other exodic financial goods" in Germany. Germany calls it stealing. May be thats why their economy is solid.

The following things happened when we had a republican president in the White House.Financial Disasters that George Bush’s economic team allowed or did nothing to prevent.W’s disasters1.	AIG bankruptcy – September 2008 - $1 trillion in losses2.	Lehman Brothers bankruptcy -  September 13, 2008 - $700 billion in debt3.	Bear Stearns collapse – March 2008 – $320 billion in debt - sold to J.P. Morgan for $2.00 per share.4.	Merrill Lynch collapse - $15 billion dollar loss in the 4th quarter of 20085.	5,980,000 jobs lost in 8 years under Bush6.	770,000 jobs lost in one month under Bush7.	2 unfunded wars one of which was illegal8.	, this time on behalf of employees working in its call centers.9.	55,000 manufacturing companies run out of business10.	The American automobile industry destroyed.11.	UBS's investment banking unit made disastrous forays into subprime lending. Last December, having already announced a third quarter loss of $13 billion dollars in the 3rd quarter of 2008.12.	UBS's investment banking unit made disastrous forays into subprime lending. Last December, having already announced a third quarter loss.  The credit losses—some $38 billion so far, according to UBS. – Texas Republican Phil Gramm is employed by UBS in their finance department13.	Citigroup bailout - $50 billion – 200814.	University of California awarded $2 billion for fraud by Citigroup as it related to Enron.15.	Collapse and bankruptcy of accounting firm Arthur Anderson16.	Peleton Partners - $1.8 billion hedge fund – collapsed and closed in February 200817.	Carlyle Hedge Fund – Carlyle Capital Corporation – a division of the Carlyle Group was forced to liquidate in 2008.18.	REFCO collapse - $5 billion dollar October 2005 – 200,000 customers affected.19.	$14 Trillion dollars of American’s net worth destroyed between 2007 and 2008.20.	Lehman Brothers bankruptcy -  September 13, 2008 - $700 billion in debt21.	Bear Stearns collapse – March 2008 – $320 billion in debt - sold to J.P. Morgan for $2.00 per share.22.	Merrill Lynch collapse - $15 billion dollar loss in the 4th quarter of 200823.	REPUBLICAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE?  NEVER AGAIN!!Jack Abramoff Indian lobbying scandal

The market is run by Republicans what dose anyone expect they will steal pinnies off a dead persons eyes.

right! sounds like somebody is full of cowpies.

Rich tea party terrorists dumping their stocks.  Pathetic loser.

I will assume the politicians leaked the news about the fiscal cliff deal to key investors.

Hmm seems that the financial community has dropped anchor in more investment waters to try to hedge the fiscal cliff,,wise move as now is the time for some really good deals and the coming years will push them to new heights .instead of selling out the wise move is to buy in and roll any profits into new purchases,Two things will happen ,the market will grow and delayed profit taking will reinforce growth.

With Retsin !Its beginning to look like christmas!

Bu bu bu bu but Obama is destroying the economy....

If the big guys and corporations were confident over the long term, they wouldn't be selling off stocks in such large volume, what's that tell you? It tells me a whole lot of sheep are going to be crying "the one percent stold my money!" when the market crashes.

shades of shadow trading (IMO).

two headlines say LARGEST volume and first line says 10 biggest volume GAINERS but 7 of the 10 listed companies FELL. How did yahoo and/or associated press not notice the obvious errors?

On December 31st 2008 the dow was 8776.39 today it is 13135 Obama rocks.

You should look into gold and related mining stocks such as Pershing Gold Corp. (PGLC). Reports on physical demand for jewelry, industrial, and other uses compiled by various sources also provide some perspective. However, none of these considerations, non monetary in nature, yield any insight as to the broad market trend.

Those zany Yahooligans! This chart is BLC, but the article is about AHC

Hey cars have power windows know..hummm.....

Is Creamer fooling around with Rite Aid again?The graph shows drastic change.

Buy HEK, it's the read deal!!!

It's important that a biotech company is being managed by knowledgeable, business-savvy entrepreneurs, but companies whose managers also have a scientific background or research experience (a PhD or MD) are also recommended by seasoned investors. Check out ChromaDex Corporation (CDXC.OB)