"...47 actress...." Tell me Yahoo, does anyone check out the I.Q. of the authors of your articles?

Have to feel sorry for those 47 actresses that building is sittinng on.

Here's a country, more right wing than the Republicans can ever dream of being and they're spending to improve their housing, cultural centers and infrastructure which will add $1.6 billion "PER YEAR" into the local economy. Why can't that be done here?

It is a good idea to separate military from heavy civilian populations.

The government controls or owns almost all the land and watches over all mortgages....  If the far right only knew,   then they wonder why they cant get Jewish voters.....   They have a great healthcare system over there also,  and this includes something no one talks about in the USA-----THE DENTISTS...   Israeli's laugh at the price of a root canal here,  over there 150 dollars and they call it a simple procedure..    The government watches over what they charge....INCREDIBLE.....   And no one complains

These stories on Yahoo are written by a program not a person.  Do you think a real person would let their name be put on this drivel.

Negative votes but no factual or reasoned rebuttal.  If all you have is hate, then you have nothing.

This will be a game-changer for Southern Israel.  One can expect that Beer-Sheva will become that much more built and developed, and will compete as a hi-tec area with Tel Aviv and other areas in Israel.  This will be a win-win for all in Israel.

the US should have a military base in Israel. No Muslims allowed. Their camels can come an go, just stay off the runways and golf course and don't drink out of the swimming pools.

Give them Florida !@ my buddy Anthony:  they dont hate Americans because of Jews... They hate Americans because you are christians... Just ask Christians in Syria, Lebanon or Iraq or Egypt

That's going to make a HUGE target..

Sigh, if only one of the 47 actresses was sitting on my face.

smart move.

Those 47 actresses that the military base sits on, must be under a lot of pressure, from being sat on by that military base.  Before they build another base, they should put Jane Fonda under that one.

"47 actress"!  Yahoo editors, you make my day!

@ Simon: I enjoyed reading your post.  It shows a clear lack of reading or understanding of history.  Given that Jewish immigration to the region was first in deserts and swamps, and the land was reclaimed, your post rings false and petty.  How about if the Palestinians accept the fact that Israel exists and will continue to exist?  How about the Palestinians sitting down and talking real peace without "Preconditions".  #$%$ are 'preconditions"?  You wouldn't buy a car with 'preconditions'...  Time for you all to get over the fact that the Star of David flies over united Jerusalem.  That's a fact and reality.

Mak, Mak, Mak,,,, your fantasies are showing.  How do you figure it will be US Tax money?  Did you even bother to read the article?  There are private firms offering financing on the project.  US Military aid to Israel by US law must be spent in the US on US goods and services.  Or is it that you don't allow facts to get in the way of your snarky posts and fantasies.

Build underground.  Makes sense in the desert, and it provides a bunker like facility against the rockets the terrorists will be sending over.

I would like to see the USA buy a few thousand acres in Israel and start moving all of our equipment in every war zone to it.  This base would have port, water transportation and air run ways with most of the base in bunkers because it would be a favorite lets lob a mortar that direction site.Strang you say.  Two reasons, if we demand to spend money in the near east lets try in some what friendly countries and I sure as hell am tired of leaving war equipment in Arab countries to be used against us in the future.So, #$%$ Cheney got another real estate deal for his old company?

Seems not smart. That localiizes and provides fewer targets for potential attackers.

Frank: read your snarky comment and frankly I don't know what facts and reality you base this upon.  American firms are offering financing for the project in the normal course of business.  There was nothing to indicate the US is paying for this nor would it be lawful under US law.  US military aid to Israel must be spent in the US and not in Israel.  Your post is full of fantasy and truly short of fact or reality.

Wonder how much of our American tax dollars will be sent over there to help pay for these new "Mega-Bases" gotta love that foriegn aid money give-away program !

Mega bases mean ease targets for Iranian nuclear weapons.    If this plan is factual, I would not be buying stock in the Irianian nuclear power companies.

I always get a good laugh when I post something factual and rather then a rebuttal, I get negative votes.  What part of President Obama is going to visit Jerusalem and there are flags decorating the city is so offensive?  And what part of 'there has never been an Arab nation known Palestine existing ever in history" is not factual.  Come on, give it a try, give this board a factual rebuttal and not something fantasy driven.

Anything to avoid letting the USA build that airstrip near Sinai in the badlands, which was paid for long ago(!), in a DEAL to replace the one in Turkey Kennedy gave up to settle the Cuban missile crisis.

Between Israel's growing de-salinization plant capacity for water, their huge number of patents in nearly every field and their new natural gas find in the Leviathan gas field, Israel is looking at steady economic growth, while everyone else in the area spirals down and down. Now why would Israel succeed and their neighbors fail in such a consistent fashion?I can't figure that out...  ;-)

The Israel Defence Forces headquarters, known as the Kirya, or campus in Hebrew, sits on 47 actress in central Tel Aviv.  47 actress?  wow, that must hurt!  Who proofreads this #$%$???

Relocating the headquarters out of civilian areas, in preparation for the Iranian missilesGovernments around the world are spying on their citizens using FinFisher.

Dawn here in the city of Jerusalem.  The Star of David flag is flying over the united city and capital of Israel.  I know that sucks for some of you and frankly I'm more then OK with that.

By 2018 Israel will have annexed Syria, and this would allow expansion considerably.

Too bad, Iran could have said it was only targeting israeli bases in Tel Aviv ...... just like the idf says it is targeting terrorists when they bomb an entire apartment building.

All with US Aid ! No More US Money !

LET ME GUESS, THE pals will now claim that land for their future state. do the pals build anything? is the land they have been in control off a paradise ? how is it that there are refugee camps in what the pals call the west bank? can you bea refugee in you own state?

Speaking of land grabs, any you goat lovers ever see a map of Texas? You know why Texas is so big?.... It's that big because we freakin' wanted it that way.

Yea man. A desert offers a big kill zone around the base. No place for a creepy weird-beard to hide with his "sniper rifle."

A project like this should have everyone's support.  It is good for a change to hear that Israel is looking within its own universally recognized borders to build new housing.  It is good that military facilities are removed from densely populated civilian areas.    Some commenters here don't seem to realize that Israel's GDP is about $250 billion, of which about 1% comes from foreign aid.  These projects will be paid for locally like 99% of everything there does.

Sounds like a responsable plangood but watch out for those dirty moooslems

dont tell our govt this they will give away the national park lands.

#$%$ it! We the American's can't afford this. We are spending money like there is no tomorrow!

That won't make Tel Aviv less of a target. But the Islamic idiots should remember that if anything happens to Tel Aviv, the IDF will insure that the same thing happens to Mecca, and maybe a wee bit more.

Smart move.

I think that this is an excellent strategic move that provides an oportunity to reduce the housing crunch in Tel Aviv and stimulate development in the Negev.

It's quite perplexing to think of American's who would not be supportive of Israel.  When one gets technical about the situation, it is quite obvious the majority of the ME hates our gutts.  With that being said, "religion" is not the only reason to support Israel.  She is our alley.  There are people that want us all dead.  We know this because they say it!  They teach it, they train to enforce it.  Their first target is Israel!Regardless if one has a religious stance, it is currently non-dismissive that there are MILLIONS of Islamist that truly believe in their idiology, and have no plans to change.  One without a faith must understand, they mean you as well.

Winston Churchill said, "We shall fight [the Germans] on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender."  A lot of stupid Americans during WWII added the following to what Churchill said, "We shall fight to the last drop of American blood."  Shame on them, and shame on those who make anti-Israel posts here.  If Israel falls, then all of Europe will fall next, then America.I know it is hard for the anti-Israel morons to understand, but who else but Israel are we going to depend on?  Turkey, Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Afghanistan, Syria, et al?  Pick your poison, morons...because if you don't support Israel now we will all be living under Sharia/Islamic law in the next 20-30 years!

Gee, wonder what North American nation will end up paying for all this new construction...

Yahoo at it again. You need to get some reporters that can speeeellllll !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Sure America can foot the bill then send your enemies some money to bomb you

Palestine has endured hundreds of years of occupiers . . . read Western history to get a glimpse of the repetition of history as israel makes the moves of fools.

How many Bedouin villages  in the desert are they destroying this time?

They make it sound as if it is wall to wall houses covering the entire state of israel. I am pretty sure I can find some space to build more housing if I went there

People, this is why YOU have high TAXES, for things like this!

AND, all of this will be done w/YOUR MONIES! Our Taxes!

Just wanted to say, its coming up on dawn here in Jerusalem.  I can look out my window and see all the flags they have put up, American and Israeli, to honor the President's visit.

"Trusting a foreign firm with the country's top military secrets is a challenge, but one Israel says it can overcome."Prior to WWII, Poland determined to update its armed forces from WWI technology. One of the then latest innovations was TRAINING FILMS. The Poles had no real film industry so they had to hire an outside firm. Amazingly, a German firm was the low bidder. This German firm traveled throughout the Polish military establishment filming TRAINING FILMS. As it turns out they were useful for the German Army too

Oh lookey, my fan club is here with the damn red thumbs.  Nimrods!

not a good idea to put a lot of military assets in one placeSounds to me like alot of this ambition will have to be put off until the Iran/nuke question is settled. It will be very costly in lives and money to prevent the Iranians from doing what we all know that they want to do.

Just bomb Iran and get it over with...

Dont worry the Congress here in US will pay for it,we may not have money for our own Civic Operations,like Librarys,Nursing homes,Basic transport,etc but Congress will find money for you guys,that is the best part of most of the Congress being Dual Citizen of Israel.they care more about their Homeland ISRAEL.

If we are going to spend our money over there at least spend it on a friend. Israel is a  place of growth anf undustry. The Palestinians only promote destruction and swiss bank accounts for its leaders.

A plan with lots of pro's and con's. Good idea to free land in heavily constructed, civilian areas, and to move potential military targets away from the civilian population ( a subtle form of " human shielding " ). As long as the military bases' new locations and the civilian purpose building is done inside Israel proper, and not on occupied Arab land, I salute the project. Building in the Negev desert is going to be very expensive, because of all the infrastructure and logistics needed. Huge miltary bases in the middle of nowhere are represent good targets, even if well defended.

It's a good idea because so much of the land around where Masada is and below is pretty desolate. For such a small country there is a lot of unused desert.

how much of that bill is the USA paying for, 75% or all of it?

this is why Obama is going there, is to free up the land for his M friends. I wouldn't be surprised if he isn't giving Israel part or all of the money they need to complete this move. Don't think that Obama is going there because he cares for Israel, because he doesn't. Israel had better wake up for Iran wipes them off the face of the earth.

i guess some part of the USA budget was not sequestored.

Their defense headquarters sits on 47 actress???  That will get them in the National Enquirer for sure.I wonder how much U.S. taxpayer money will go toward the $7 billion desert mega-bases?

Joell is an unhinged buffoon

Israel is an amazing country and Bibi is a good leader. I just heard today that he promised to try to reach an unprecedented peace treaty with the Palestinians, bringing an end to the conflict once and for all. If a leftist Israeli politician would have made that comment I would have rolled my eyes and turned off the radio but when the center-right makes such a bold statement, I take them seriously.Could be because Obama's coming to Israel, but again, Netanyahu isn't known for making statements like that. Hopefully, FOR ONCE, the Palestinians will actually honor a peace treaty and this will all be over.Unfortunately, there's still the issue of Iran and the Syrian terrorists on the border at the Golan heights. Islam and Arab nationalism, supported and encouraged by liberals in the west, is the only real obstacle for peace.

Ostentatiously to make room for development to ease the seious housing shortage for average Israelis - but you watch as big bucks high rises are built for the wealthy ad for rich Americans of dual citizenship who spend a few weeks out of the year in Israel.  It'll do very little to improve the lives of the average Israeli who can't find adequate affordable housing....After all...Israel needs THEM in its illegal settlements to fill the living units being built to accomodate "natural growth"!

How much you want to bet, those here biotching about "Their tax dollars going to Israel" are mohammadans in guise under Western names?  It is obvious, as they make no mention of the tax dollars we send to Muslim countries that actually hate us.

Israel: Just Build, Baby!

Every penny of this will be paid by the American taxPAYER.

If Israel made peace with its neighbors, then it would have to spend less on the military and be better able to take care of its people.

How much land are the Israelis freeing up for the Palestineans?

Funny how most GOOPers' don't remember that Israel is basically a socialist stateThe Israel Defence Forces headquarters, known as the Kirya, or campus in Hebrew, sits on 47 actress in central Tel AvivThat's 47 dead Palestinian actresses, killed by airstrikes and bulldozers......

Bought and paid for be US Taxpayers.

A government spending money to please real estate developers... that's new ;-)

Can we, the USofA, really afford to do this?

FEARLESS what is truly sad is that you are quoting the words of the Lord and spouting hate in the same comment.  I guess you never read Roman 11 where the we are not supposed to be arrogant toward the natural olive branches?

Makes sense,it,removes danger from Tel Aviv due to it,s value as a military target.I,d triple screen anyone working on the project for sure.Streamlining your military also reduces response time to an attack!! And the Israelis as we all know sit in a sea of enemies,half of which don,t know if they are comming or going!!!!

"The Bank of Israel, concerned by surging housing prices, has called on the government, which controls about 93 percent of land in Israel, to free up more of it to meet demand"United States is a Capitalist nation state similarly like Israel and those that oppose Capitalism are enemies of United States.

Just so we are all clear on this:And by the way, we gave more aid to Arab/Islamic countries than we gave to Israel.Top 10 Recipients of U.S. Foreign Aid in FY2012 and the FY2013 Request(in millions of current U.S. $)FY2012Israel $3,075Afghanistan $2,327Pakistan $2,102Iraq $1,683Egypt $1,557Jordan $676Kenya $652Nigeria $599Tanzania $571Ethiopia $580South Africa $489Source:Congressional Budget Justification Summary Tables, FY2013, Country/Account Summary (spigots)FY2012 estimates and FY2013 request tables

Israel to build desert mega-bases..Which means Chinese will build and the US will pay for it.

Why not just bulldoze a few 1000 year old Palestinian villages? That is usually what the Israelis do when they want to steal land!This is good, Because it's behind the Green line. No stolen land,Now if the American taxpayer has no money in this.

Oh well, so much for the 50 acres the US base occupies.

With America monies of course!

I wonder how much of the cost the U.S. will pick up.

Native, any reading of Western History will show there has never been a nation called Palestine.  Any unbiased history will show that your post is fantasy and not factually based. But enjoy your fantasies.  Oh and when the sun comes up, the nation of Israel will be here, existing as a Jewish nation.

we have too many dumb christians that believe unless we serve the jews they will burn in hell. i wonder how long it takes to burn in hell? once you have burned how can you continue burning? based on nazi studies it took 15 minutes to turn into ash.

"You're welcome" - US taxpayers

Not a problem...we pick up 100% of the bill.

NON-idiots know that all foreign aid COMBINED is less than one-half of one per cent of the US budgetThen, of course, there are those who claim that our taxes will go up as a result of this

Erick Cantor will have a bill to increase foreign aid to Israel within the week.I spotted that error, too! Whatever happen to spell check?

Translation: Israel to steal more Pali Land. Better position its forces to kill more Babies.

This is great news!  It never made any good sense to have a military base, let alone the IDF headquaters, in or around Tel Aviv.  Freeing up said land is a good logical move, allowing prime land to be developrd for much needed housing.

yeah lets give more money to Israel, We have no Jobs , no health care, homeless vets , disabled vets that need care , half of America lives in poverty and many do not eat a meal everyday.. yeah lets seen the jues more money, were broke but I am sure we can free up juniors college grant

whats in it for me??? the cost of the project is 7 billion dollars, thats 70 dollars from each tax payer in the US, since we will end up paying for it.

I wish the Js where like the chinese and leave everyone else alone, instead of trying to screw everyone

Is it an  an Oxymoron;  Welfare State / Warfare State ?

And guess who is paying for the move.....USA Tax Dollars!!!!!  Yes.  that is right.  YOU are footing the bill for Israel's military expansion!

Guess who has to pay for this? Lol, you and I. Afterall we exist to serve our hooknosed masters.

go Israel  always on the ball"We are aware of the security issues that arise in deals with foreign firms, but because we want real competition and expertise, we will create conditions that will allow and encourage their participation,"   Yeah, right.  How?  By reviving the old custom of killing the laborers and burying the bodies on site when the project is complete?

Moving to the desert? They are getting ready for Armageddon.

It is pleasing to see the paid Islamic shills fail.

Good for Israel, what a great idea.

I've got a solution!  Every time a rocket is fired into Israel, pinpoint the launch location and level a five-mile radius around the point of origin, secure the perimeter, and then build housing! Woo Hoo!! This will result in thousands more dead Piglamists and Israel won't have a housing shortgage anymore.  Problem solved.   Praise Allah!!!

American taxpayers, I feel another "loan" to Israel in the offing, another loan they never pay back, to support more militarism for Israel.

Isrel Builds. harmUS and fartUHH destroys.

OK, where is the real story?  How much money and other support is Israel going to ask the US for in order to achieve this military and infrastructure plan?  Just ask our Uncle Sugar Congress and they will provide priority money in a "Stick it to Americans Again Plan" for Israel's holy future.  "Actress" is probably correct, this is theater and Americans will have to pay for the show.

Israel will solve the Land problem when it expands from conquered territory.

There's always more land, right? From people without technology, tanks, planes, and US backing. And there are ever so many ways to take it. This shuffle is small potatos, part of the extermination of a demoralized ethnic group with few resources or real allies. The UN can't do anything about it, and no one can do anythng about their nukes. Since the Lavon Affair and the USS Liberty revealed just how soft we are, Israel has been the tail wagging the dog.One way or another, the U.S. taxpayer will end up paying for most of the $7 billion cost of this, thanks to our idiots in Washington.

CORRECTION: US Taxpayers to build desert mega-bases, freeing up land in Tel Aviv for investors

I hope that they are moving closer to Mecca, because rocket fuel is expensive and we supply it to them for free.

They havw plenty of money to do this. So why do we gives them money that we need??

Go, Israel!  The road is fraught with danger, the odds are against you, but if we all hold together, we will succeed.

I would love to give my money and life to a real friend called israel... not pakistan,egypt.. fake friends

'Green Zone' in the making.

At least they planned militant expansion is in the actual borders of Israel, not the occupied nation of Palestine for a change.

Congratulations US taxpayers (and China).

Zionist cancer, Anglo Americans created in the Middle East to keep their hold on that region’s resources, will soon be reason for their downfall.HOW MUCH DOES IT COST U.S.?

Well, now that Binyamin "I hate Arabs" Netanyahu has decided to have the IDF vacate land for building purposes, maybe he should pull all of those RACIST, uh, "Settlers", out of the West Bank and return the land to its rightful owners, the Arabs?

The sniveling, money grubbing, and war mongering from these people never ends.

I'm sure all of you know who will be footing the bill for  "Israel's biggest infrastructure project"

what you meant to say is ...... the USA is paying for Israeli bases on 47 acres

Israel must never trust or believe anything Obama says or does. Obama's trip to Israel is nothing more than a PR moment. He will use this trip to convince the world that he is once again the world's peace maker.

So its safe to assume that us Americans will foot the bill.

They are doing this to make room for the Palestinians

Good idea. Too bad Israel's hateful neighbors have such a disabling learning disability. They could learn much from Israel if they just removed the chains of hatred they've put upon themselves.

Exterminating the Bedouin people for a few sheckles more?Whatever will these East European Jews think of next.....I am glad I am not as perfect as all the critters or critiquers, or critcisimers, or criticisers on hear.

"Megabase" sounds like something that Cobra Commander builds that will transform into Voltron.Also who were the 47 "actresses" that the old base was built on?...

There is nothing like telling the enemy where your base will be. these medias talk too much.

satanyahu is such a dooosh-bag

Israel is the world's most expensive "Gated Community"; thanks to Islam.

Israel is building Iron Domes, Infrastructure, economy, and mega basesHamas uses its money to shoot rockets powered by animal dung to launch into IsraelGlad to be an Israeli Citizen

man,i can,t believe all the antisemetics that post on this page.you wonder how much the american people will have to pay,well i garentee it will be less than we have given egypt and these people don,t want us dead.SO GET OVER YOUR YOUR HATE FOR ISREAL AND GROW-UP.i am just saying.

Notice how they don't tell you exactly where other than "mostly in the south.". I suspect they are planning to put some within the Palestinian population of Palestine, including the west bank.  With future bases in Jordan, Syria, Iraq and Saudi Arabia.

Israel is the world's most expensive "Gated Community"; thanks to the American taxpayer.

The American taxpayer will continue to fund the invading forces and base construction of the military government of the racist, genocidal, theocracy currently invading Palestine.jews = land thievespeople are opening their eyes to the Jew lie...Hey Jew..Time is short.. better remember history Oven-Dweller..last time people got tired of your Jewish "wealth control" where you turn everyone into usury debt slaves or your open policies of progressive land theft and collective punishment to people fighting against the atrocities created by your jew greed... your relitives went up the stove pipe.. looks like your race wants to try two out of three?

Israel not only has housing problem, Israel has land, economic, political problem and as long as there is not an agreement with the Palestinians the problems are going to mountain. Israel a small country spending billion dollars to support an army that cannot sleep and worry when a rocket is going to fall on their heads.Israel protecting the so called settlers, supporting the ultra-Orthodox that work too litle or do not work at all having babies and not defending their country. My question is for how long a country can sustain such situation?I have the feeling that it will be better for Israel reach and accord with the Palestinians Authority and mend fences with its neighbors and Israel will be a nice place to live, there are more Jews over seas that in Israel and the reason is they do not agree with the occupation policy of Palestinians Land!Ideassoul

The Israelis are expanding .

Amazing how those Israeli's thrive on technological advances and infrastructure improvements and consistent progress and developments in engineering and infrastructure. Conversely, the self defeating Keystone cop Palianimals around them thrive on living in the stone ages and insuring that human suffering and daily misery is an acceptable way of life for generations to come.

Expansionism and colonization!

Zionists - modern, tolerant, western, 21st century, democraticAntizionists - backwards, intolerant, terroristic, 7th Century, antiwestern,

I love to see good news stories like this.It drives the Israel haters crazy!

Cha Ching!!!! Jews doing what Jews do

Paid for by you know whoYou....

Sounds like stealing more land and making more Palestinian families homeless... but of course that's not part of the article.Rand Paul wants to move all of Israel out into the Red Sea.

93% of land is controlled by the government, who owns it?  Someone will recieve a lot of money (banks over there?) and someone will spend a lot of money (the US taxlayer?) I hope this is not the situation.

Outlaw islam and exterminate all adherents !

I hope that the Israelis are planing to pay for this without Americas help but I have my doubts because getting a dollar from an Israeli is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster.

We need to do that with the "Pentagon" but, not move it or it's personnel just eliminate it. No one in the Military will even miss them and it would enhance National Security.

Guess who is going to pay for this?. Wake up Americans and demand a detailed accounting of foreign aid in all its forms, hidden categories and deceptive names.

Attention American Taxpayers:Looks like the "chosen" are about to pick your pocket again.... LOL!!!!!

Yes.  Even with sequestion kicked in that little basTa**state of Israel will still receive 93% of the money they get now in aid from America.  The J   e   w   s and Israeli-firsters in our(?) Congress have already made sure of that.

If they actually have nuclear weapons, they are going to put them on ballistic missiles in response to iran.  this is just a cover story.  They just need more room for the missile silos.

I bet Obama's trip was mostly to discuss funding this endeavor.They BETTER keep their guns loaded as Iran is a great threat,Personally I wish Israel would wipe Iran off the map now,

It's time once again for Jew-hating, anti-semites to make their posts about this or any other Yahoo article that deals with Israel or Jews.  It's very much like they are part of the Quran that they love so much...Hide behind a rock (or, in their case, under a rock) and every time a Jew (or a Catholic, Buddist...choose any kind of infidel) walks by kill him or her.Will these people ever be normal?  I doubt it.  It is part of their nature.

‘SohoBobo’: You got it right, it is the “tail wagging the DOG”. The mouse commanding the scared Elephant.They want to create "Greater Israel" from the Euphrates to the Nile, displacing more millions of people!...  The Zionists succeeded in recruiting the Evangilical Christians and making them more Zionist than the Zionist Jews, by making them believe that Jesus will not return until "Greater Israel" is established!.There is no need any longer to displace more people in the Middle East ... The U.S. has become "Greater Israel" in the truest since.America is guaranteeing the security of the Zionist terrorist entity no matter what it does, how many crimes it commits and how many enemies it creates for the U.S.. Americans are willing to die for Israel even though American leaders have no control over what Israel does..The Zionist Jews came from all over Europe and established themselves " their Settlements" in New York and the Eastern part of the U.S. where government and important financial institutions were concentrated, however, they did not kill any Indians. Early on they were discriminated against prompting them to change their names and adopt English sounding ones. Eventually, they attained control of America’s financial institutions and banks, the entertainment industry (Holywood, etc.), media outlets and distribution, news networks, Congress, the White House, etc.They have conquered America from within. The U.S. has been transformed into "Greater Israel" without displacing people, except from their homes to become homeless!. Jews became richer and powerful while the majority of Americans became poorer and helpless with no voice in their government. A government that has been hijacked by the Zionists forces and their rich cohorts.Americans still believe they have a “Democracy”, thinking that by casting a vote for a “Democrat” or a “Republican” they are making a choice…! They have not realized yet that “Democrats and Republicans” are ‘Two faces of the same coin”. They differ only in marginal and minor domestic issues.  Why else is there only two parties in the U.S.?. Why do they fight the emergence of a third (or even fourth) party?.

Best mid east military force US Taxpayers can pay for in during economic collapse.  Pitiful scam, sorry results.  Deception has an expiration date.

The price Israel has to pay,for living in a world,of hate filled muslims.Who want to see both Israel and the USA destroyed.

how much is this costing US taxpayers.

Israel is nothing more than an over-sized, military "gated community" that is the burden of the American goyim so that Jews can pretend to be living in the days of the mythical King Solomon and play "Jews vs. Arabs".

I wonder how much money the jewish lobby will get the American tax payer to pay for all of this.You can tell which 2 banks are ran by jews, Citigroup and Morgan Stanley, both of which received huge bailouts by the American tax payer.

somebody gotta stop them

Why is Kirya sitting on 47 actresses?I really thought they were moving them to Jordan ,, forcefully that is..........

That's 7 Billion congress won't complain about spending your money on.

and let me guess, they will have to occupy more Palestinian land for it...

American Tax payers tell Israel, get off Welfare.

Move it right out to the middle of the desert. Nothing a Tactical Nuke won't fix now. IDF deserve a painful send off.

47 actresses. thats what happens when you phone your story in from home. someone on the other end hits you with a typo.

Israel's military plans to vacate palestinian land worth $14 billion and move most of its headquarters from the heart of Tel Aviv in a $7 billion project intended to alleviate an acute national shortage of room for housing.

is actress hebrew for acres. this really doesn't tell us how big the building is. if the actress is honey boo boo or cathy bates then it's pretty big but if it is jennifer aniston then it is a 2 car garage.

This makes good sense, and will create lots of jobs for many, many years.  Obama, it is your turn now.

I have a great suggestion for nuti the killer and this is my suggestion: nuti there are million acres land in THE HELL and you can build your own housing complex with all those murderers in your cabinet we don't charge you and we let you take you300 war heads and all your bombs,tanks and jets with you so be quick to take the opportunity!!!!who is paying for Israel's militaristic expansion? the US taxpayer! time to stop paying for Israel's criminal pogroms against the Palestinian people!

And who will be paying for this ? Yeah, you guessed it - the American tax-payers ! Meanwhile, our infra-structure continues to rot for lack of funds !  It's called TREASON !

And there goes the rest of palestinian lands. You are an #$%$, obama.

better able to crush ahmed with u.s. dollars.  In 100 years we will apologize for supporting Israel more than we apologized for nukes on japan

Why don't they just steal more land??

I guess that's why they raised the taxes on us this year

A nice fat target for missle attacks

We all know that Isreal the plot of some big families on earth, so they keep on extendig their land from neighbors... one day we will just hear poor Jews are being sold.. world on fire

Good plan Israel.  Sure beats stealing land.

Funded by your tax dollars.Do I care?  Nah, I got my kickback.actress huh it only goes to show that Liberals are the authors of all yahoo articles.

Thanks to U.S taxpayers money.

If more people would read their Bible, and listen less to Washington, and the news media, these people are God's chosen, Israel will not fail in what they do.

I wonder how they'll pay for that....YOU'RE WELCOME!!

The Israeli government, which controls about 93 percent of land in Israel, does notown either. Because they do not have clear deeds, most of it owned by AbsenteePalestinian Owners, even The Knesset is built of leased Palestinian land. WhenIsrael suggested to the USA government to move the Embassy to Jerusalem, theyoffered land that the USA found is previously owned by Palestinians and there is noclear title to it . Hence, the USA now knows that most of land Israel has control of isnot theirs. And that Israel has been lying all along, but the State department andothers are afraid to say so because of AIPAC.

israel will have their gentile lap dog, the USA, build all their new bases

This guy looks hands down like Hitler , just wipe on the sht mustache , Fascist nazi Israel!

So Isreal has this much land yet, its stealing from the poor palestines , egyptians and the syrians !!!! Can't they see what dubai and the emirates have done with their deserts ?..

They should be giving 14 billion worth of land they stole back to the Palestinians

I wonder how long it would take Israel to become 70% socialist like us.Interesting story, too bad it needs to be translated out of gibberish.

Yep!!!!WITH OUR TAX MONEY!!!!!

How can there be a shortage of land when the govt controls 93% of land?

insert jew grinning face here

Why would they build on their own land when they can just steal more from the West Bank of the Palestenians? That's stupid. Just go steal more land. No one will stop them. They're the chosen people and get away with everything they do. Especially stealing land.

how many palestinians are they gonna kill? and how much US taxpayer money is this gonna cost?

This is an example of proper government spending. Modernized facilities, more room for housing of citizens, moves military to safer location for public(as a target), and the obvious economic boom from construction. The money will trickle down as it naturally does with this type of plan.Here in the US we add carpool lanes to freeways and make bicycle lanes; new bridges in New York and San Francisco, high speed trains that don't actually go faster than old rail(California, New Hampshire , and Maryland), and all of them built by the Chinese(how do you think we pay them back for the $$ we borrowed, open your eyes US citizens. US, Germany, Australia, France, Spain,etc.....all in the same situation). All short term fixes that benefit a narrow margin rather than the nation, such as Israel's choice which appears to have potential to benefit everyone(even its allies).Stop the selfishness, support your nation. Lib or Conservative (exist in both parties which I think people have forgotten!!!!).U.S.A

The Americans and the Germans will pay for the move.

Netanyahu is still the smartest man in the room. And Jesus Christ is still in control of absolutely everything.

All this articles are intentionally place here to secretly collect info about all those who are against there agenda, here in the USADefinitions: Israelis are Palestinian, and Arabs in Gaza and the West (and East) Bank are Palestinian.  They all live in Palestine.  The Israelis were given most of the land they hold by the U.N. in 1947, and the rest they conquered in wars, started by the Arabs who didn't want the Israelis to have a country at all.   If the Arabs would accept Israel, the wars would be over.  If they want to start another war and lose even more territory to Israel, that might be a solution too.  I'd say it's time for Gaza and the West Bank to be cleared out.  Let Israel expand their housing there.  Much cheaper.  Now, if only the Arabs would start another war...

How much is that going to cost to the US taxpayers???

Ha Zionazi's if your so great get your God aka Satan to foot the bill. Oh sorry The Federal Reserve will be sending you your welfare check.

Personally, I would not care if the USA paid for the whole project, just to see the Mohammaden mass murderers cringe.

This mega project has been down the pipeline for many years already. Time will tell when and who it materialize.

Why doesn't Israel just build their promised land in the desert too, and give back the Palestinians the land taken from them? That would be a great start to end the war on terrorism! Imagine how much money we'd all save!

and they need U.S. aid . . . why are we sending money to a country that can afford these luxuries?

american tax money?

hello to all chosen parasites

Heil Hitler!Sig Heil and Peace Love and Freedom! The 4th Reich will rise from the ashes of the third and Puke on Isral!!!!!!!!!!!!!O’ Children of Israel come to salvation. Acknowledge the prophet hood of Jesus and Muhammad. Stop and repent your past and present evil. Follow the teaching of Jesus and Muhammad if you wish security. No A-Bombs can provide you protection. Security and protection only comes by the will of the Lord of the Universe. Koran is full of advice to the children of Israel and shows them how to achieve asylum. It shades lights on their dark path and guides them to the safety and prosperity.What Moses had to say, “ThereforeI say unto you (Jews) the kingdomof God shall be takenaway from you (Jews), and shall be given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof?Matthew 21:43 Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord yourGod raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me him shall ye hear allthings what so ever he shall say unto you.” Acts 3:22The worst enemies of the Jews are the Jews.

zionist parasites

Make one big target for the Iranians.

Build undground.  Dig in like a tick.

Obama should request that no US money is to be used for this project. Although we love Israel, we need to feed America's homeless first.

Citigroup and Morgan Stanley have shown interest and trusting a foreign firm with the country's top military secrets is a challenge and my birdie is really big! My birdie is really big! My birdie is really big!

Peleg Ze'evi:  relation to Rehavam Ze'evi

Interesting…. Why move a juicy target like that 30 miles closer to Gaza?

Moving from one bit of stolen land to another. How about going back to the ghetto in Poland and Russia.

Listen to the Zionist boot licking 'Chris' talk as if he knows. Don't you know that the Zionist entity receives no less than $10 billion a year in direct and hidden indirect aid?.Great.More worthless noise about a third-world, warmongering welfare queen called Israel.

Israel's housing problem wouldn't exist if they didn't come to Palestine to begin with.They would have plenty of land in Europe and Russia where they belong.

The real problem is supremacism!

This welfare case of a country will be doing this with what?!  The taxpayers of the United States will pay for this, like we've paid for countless other boondoggles and supreme arrogance.  America, you reap what you sow.

47 acres is worth $14 billion?

israel's untiring donkey ,alias USA, will foot the bill as usual; and the parasite will be smiling!

They will be over here in the US to get the 3 Billion usually given them as forgien aid altered from US weapons to building material in a flash.

Oh great. Another 7 billion in US Tax dollars.

And guess who is going to pay!!!!

President Obama builds up U.S. military presence in 35 of the 57 African nationsDecember 26, 2012Africa, Government/Politics, InternationalCaption under photo: " Now I'll just write this little note saying I wasn't personally responsable for the b l o o d of little st. si mon of tr ent." " I hope they believe me."

This is a fabulous idea. Most of the available land in Israel is in the Negev desert, but nobody wants to live there because it`s out in the sticks. Everyone wants to live in Tel Aviv. But this new project will bring life to the Negev, where there is much more room to build housing.

I say they wait a few months and relocate to IRAN when they blow them away!! Then they'll be in the heart of the middle easy problem...

If they just bought 1000 square miles of the Algerian desert they could have moved 1ONE MILLION JEWS to new FREE housing which is what this is all about. They have no problem stealing Muslim land because they feel all non-Jews are "animals" or "goium". So let them start new Jewish colonies in land LEGALLY for once. I know it's a new concept but like before, everyone else in the world will pay for it. Everyone else in the world would give them physical protection for a new legal colony as well.

Just how much will this cost us ?

Bangsters with new plan to usurp Palestinians land with the help of Christian funding.

Would like to ask my republican representative one question. Whos semen is sweeter, a Saudi, an Israeli, or a china man? Cause you know, they blow all of em for a buck. Sad, funny and true.

Repent Israel, and AAcept Jesus as the Son of God!Acts 4:10-12"Let it be known to you all, and to all the people of ISRAEL,that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified, whom God raised from the dead, by Him this man stands here before you whole. This is the 'stone which was rejected by you builders, which has become the chief cornerstone.' Nor is there salvation in any other, for there is no other name under heaven given among men by which we must be saved."

Whose tax payers money to pay this????? Guess who?

David....there is not on Earth even one Christian who hates Israel.I can hear SUCKING AGAIN .

The filthy zionazi's can thank there welfare state to the USA and the mobsters in Federal Reserve.

Computer systems is the biggest industry in Israel I wonder why they're outsourcing and how much will be done locally.

THE JEWISH AMERICAN LOBBY IS THE PROBLEM .

To any and all antisemites: you will be paid in your own coin of hatred!

It is funny that the clone thinks that he is achieving anything except proving that Islam is evil, which is what I am saying, too.

The Israeli's won't get funding from Obama on this. The Muslim in the White House and "Swift Boat" will side with the Palestinian Terrorists, like they are doing with the Terrorists in Syria.

I bet the U.S. is going to pay for that.

Shut thows parasites off now !

Judaism rejects Jesus and you can see the results in IsraelTimothy 6:3-6If anyone teaches a different doctrine and does not agree with the sound 2 words of our Lord Jesus Christ and the teaching that accords with godliness, 4 he is puffed up with conceit and understands nothing. He has an unhealthy craving for controversy and for quarrels about words, which produce envy, dissension, slander, evil suspicions, 5 and constant friction among people who are depraved in mind and deprived of the truth, imagining that godliness is a means of gain. 6 But godliness with contentment is great gain,the government owns stolen land?

Titus 1:14They must stop listening to Jewish myths and the commands of people who have turned away from the truth.

It better not be with my money (USA). Why do they not move the settlers out of the occupiers out into that area. and give the land BACK to the State of Palestine.

Yes, the burden placed on America to carry Israel is heavy indeed. Do the math. It comes to 3 cents per day per American.

For all you Christian Israel haters,here is something to think about with Easter coming up.The church of the nativity,is now in arab controlled Bethlehem.Which you all forced Israel to give up.  The muslims are now in charge of the birthplace of jesus. HA!

This new construction compliments of the American taxpayer!!

10 Billion American Tax dollars for israel ? and 46 million American children going to sleep hungry wake up america

well there's the problem right there...when corporations determine national policy (Mussolini's definition of fascism) we've seen what happens.

Reuters news service seems to regularly crank-out 2 - 3 pro-Jewish articles a day. Sad that Yahoo! seems to take some pleasure in reposting this tripe day after day...

or they could #$%$ some land from the palestinians -- for free:)Let's see, Bibi will send an invoice to Obama for around $50 billion next year.

sound to me more American tax pair aid for Irehell.

The Eternal Jew.

yes yes.. all in the name of freedome... but under the table it's all in the name of the ANTICHRIST...

They will just steal more land from Palistine and  beg more  billions  from Obama, its the Jewish  way and has been since 1948.

Thessalonians 2:15Those Jewish persecutors killed both the Lord Jesus and the Prophets, and drove us out of their midst. They are displeasing to God, and are the enemies of all mankind;

Thus lands belong to palestinians the Canaaniets jews have never had any rights in palestine , Ibraha was an immigrant to palestinians lands this one pointIsrael is a racist aparthied state continuing to be built by Americans tax dollars mostly the fundementalists terrorists christiaon zionists world wide who always play the sympathy card for israel and who continue killing palestinians , US tax dollars supportting terrorisim .

the goverment owns 95% of the land, of course it the land they stole from Plaestinian

wow

All paid for with American money.and after that, who's land or country will they and the yanks try to steal next????.

Great something more we get to pay for.

Israel!!  Keep up the good work!!!

I think they make their own money over there now.

I hope those arabs wipe out those sub human khazar jew animals off the map and get back their land!

Either Netanyahu is trying to be a "Neville Chamberlain," or he is just diverting his real agenda so that he looks like Israel is going away from the Iranian situation. Either way, it is not working. If Israel does not take advantage of the last "window of opportunity" to attack Iran in June or summer 2013, they deserve to get nuked. I hope for the people of Israel, he is not that stupid to believe in Obama.

non story  yahoo should hire writers that have something real to write about

Pretty soon they will be annexing all of Jerusalem for their capital as Romney so fantastically affirmed it.

It sounds like theyll need to take more money out of thier american cash cow for this project. Get ready US taxpayers for even higher budget shortfalls since the almighty israelis always get what they want from THIER US congressmen in washington...

Fight terrorism. Stop all US aid to Israel.Well it's a good thing taxes are going up in the U.S. since we will be paying for all of this!

The RepulsiveThey say that God forgives the sinsOf all and is their SaviorThey say that all are chosenAnd that all men are God’s childrenThey say that Christ is gentleAnd has sympathy for allBut I would like to knowFrom where they got all this confusionThey say that God forgives their sinsWho still have not repentedAnd that He saves everyoneThough from sin they have not relentedThey say that all are chosenThough Christ rejects those whoDon’t do God’s will but Satan’sWith whom he wants nothing to doThey say that Christ is gentleThat he gave his life for themBut do they know what Revelation saysChrist will do when he comes againAnd that he will have no sympathyFor those for whom he diedIf they never followed him at allWho stole and killed and liedAfter knowing that God’s will is thatThey cease to commit evilOnce they come to know the truthAnd that they cease to serve the devil?They say these things that don’t agreeWith what is in God’s wordBut don’t even realize that what they sayIs entirely absurd

(F)uck Israel.

@profile they chant "death to america" because of you (j(ews. i hate the fact that someone on the other side of the world that doesnt even know me wants to hurt me and my family just because you (j(ews tainted the perception of what america stands for.  stop depreciating our country

Oh well, another project paid in full by the AMERICAN TAX PAYERS!!! I have a solution: Move your bases to New York. I am sure Bloomberg would be happy to accomodate just as he did with the occupation of Williamsburg by displacing the Latinos with your little scam of 'Comdemning' buildings as part of your 500 hundred thousand housing project for the 'affordable income' with the assistance of HPD under Sullivan who later bacame head of HUD.  Think we weren't noticing ah Mr Mayor?Am sure that our Presindent is going to bring the blue prints so Congress can approve the project. Let me see, what American programs are the Republgats going to cut in order to finance this luxury deal.

rommel was the desert fox, and netenyahu is the desert rat!. stinky, gross, shifty eyed, hook nose jew.

oh Israel is having a housing problem? no problem just take other peoples homes, that's how you got by so far.

Another project in Jewistan funded by your local American tax payer.

I wonder what this will cost the US tax payers

Jesus was much more specific and vehement in His accusations against the Pharisees than I have ever dared to be. He said of them in John 8:44 - "Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. Re was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him..." Then to put a finishing touch on His condemnation, He said as recorded in John 10:26 - "But ye (Jews) believe not, BECAUSE YE ARE NOT OF MY SHEEP . . ." (Emphasis mine.) How much more specific can anyone be? I realize that theologians will try and explain away this denunciation, yet there it stands for any intelligent person to read.Today we see good Christians, as they deny the truth spoken by the Apostle Paul in Ephesians 5:11, when he said: ". . . have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them (expose)."1 John 2:23, 23 tells Christians who the anti-Christ is. It is anyone who denies Jesus Christ. This person cannot have the Father. Then in 2 John 10, 11, John specifically warns Christians to have nothing whatsoever to do with these anti-Christs, for if they do they become "par-takers in their evil deeds." This argument from the Scriptures should pretty well cover the attitude of any honest Christian who believes the Bible, yet who wants to fellowship with Jews.Chronicles 19:2, which is never quoted by our ministers. It says: "Shouldest thou help the un-Godly? and love them that hate the Lord; therefore is wrath upon thee from before the Lord."? Galatians 3:28 ?In Him the distinctions between Jew and Gentile, slave and free man, male and female, disappear; you are all one in Christ JesusJews constantly false preach and corrupt Christianity telling people they will burn in hell if they do not support a Jewish supremacist Israel............ That discriminates and persecutes Christians.Israel is all who believe in Jesus according to Jesus himself.

This article is made for Israelis in the Hasbara Project.  Those people roam the internet to post propaganda for Israel in their comments.  They pretend to be Americans or Canadians, with Americanized names, but they're just Jews from Russia, in Tel Aviv.

why is this story on the front page of YAHOO, like it is an American national security story??? I guess zioinst have took over yahoo, as they do every other media outlet in the US. No one cares about aprthied zioinst nazi israel....poor palestians, got thier land stolen from them, and are portrayed as the aggresers by the media....

stupid ZION

They just forget to mention that it will be paid by the US taxpayers...LOL

Sear ch onl ine. Todays Catholic World, then se a rch st. si mon of trent.

America should be charging for the protection they provide. There is no shortage of money in Israel.

Don't criticize Israel or the Mossad will give you another 9/11 to shake things up.

more evidence that its military is two thirds of its land and they need to relocate.

The real reason is to make bomb proof bunkers for its nukes to be safe from an iranian/hezbullah attack!NOTHING ENDEARING ABOUT ZIONAZIS

widen your IQ, i know they meant acres......tsk tsk tsk typical typo, and typical comment from a typical smart#$%$ and pretender, pretending to know everything.......... tsk tsk tsk

Sounds like this is going to be a boon for the real estate interests. The interesting thing about this is that it is not driven by military necessity, but rather by housing construction needs. For 7 billion to be spent, which undoubtedly will escalate in cost, to free up land to build apartments or residential homes seems silly. Why not build these apartments in the Beersheba area instead and contribute to the economy that way? Seems like the only downside to that is there won"t be any seaside views. A stupid project. Follow the money. Some folks will be making out and it's not military/security driven!

Israel is the ONLY voice of reason in that area of the world--and their citizens KEEP being murdered day in and day out by nutcases that THINK they are doing the work of GOD!!!!!!!!There is a constant supply of mis-information regarding Israel and Jewish concerns from all sorts of media--I've seen that myself and I'm a NOBODY!The FACT is that Israel is not telling the US that we cannot annex uh...The Louisiana Purchase or Seward's Folly or Texas!  We fought and won or bought those territories and NO other country has ANY right to tell us what WE can do with them.  We can claim them and build what we want on them can't we?  The spoils of war and all that!  Do we REALLY think that just because is it "today" that human fighting and wars are supposed to end when we say?--and we designate their winnings???So how does the US (or any other country) come off telling Israel what they can do with territory that they fought over and won?In my humble opinion, the Israelies have been MORE than patient with our nose being stuck in their business--and they've been MORE than patient with the countries in their area of the world that do not even recognize their right to even EXIST as a country!!!!!  THAT is why the COUNTRY of Israel has nukes and the other countries of that region cannot be trusted to have them!  The other countries are NUTS! and Israel has demonstrated constant ongoing patience and willingness to meet at a table of REAL negotiation with those NUTS!THOSE are the FACTS--and if you don't see that YOU are BLIND!Israel TRULY does not need our "donations" to them.They have the premier air force and military in that region--and deary--they MOST DEFINITELY CAN! defeat Iran!!!!They just have enough sense to know that the costs would be HIGH and they want to avoid it if possible-cuz they are sensible!!!!!!--unlike the Iranians whom are nutcases!-and all true Americans KNOW that!(Don't you remember the "hostages"???)In response to your anti-zionist, anti-Jewish, anti-Israel blurb--see my comment--there is NOTHING that you said that begins to address or alter in ANY way my previous comment.Only this time, when you read it open your heart to hear the ongoing screams and cries resulting of the daily murders carried out by nutcase creeps! whom are CLEARLY NOT doing ANYTHING LIKE God's work--OR ALLAH'S!The Palestinians are a CONQUERED people and to the victor goes the spoils!--period!  Such is the argument against the American Native Indians and which is used to justify the theft of their lands--and it IS a valid argument--IF applied across the board!And once it is applied to ONE nation--it MUST be applied to ALL!!!!--PERIOD!--and it CANNOT be retracted to suit one's whim or new circumstances arising from selfish interests.

Israel spends $$ like no other...wonder where they get it from...im sure 35% of my income paid for some (small) part of this

All funded by US rednecks for the "greater israel" project (of terror)

Funny that Matthew and his little friends forget that the United States is now run by a socialist president and that more than 50 democrat congressmen belong to the Democratic Socialists of America, the largest American affiliate of Socialist International.

Those projets will be paid by the American tax payers

Curious?  The U.S. taxpayers pay Israel 8 milliion dollars every day for their military.  Why are we not claiming this military base as U.S.?  It can be part of the 900 military bases in the 140 countries we already own!

The Jewish can't even "settle" when the superpowers give them their own country.To any and all antisemites, of any persuasion--does this artical not get to you--I mean, does it not inspire your not so undiluted hatred toward the Jewish state, and the Jews world wide? I have one question of you all: Which one of your relatives were rejoycing at the plumes of smoke comming off of the ovens of Birkenau?--it should have been yours and not mine.

Go git 'em tiger.

If the Jews had any Jewishness whatsoever they'd have kept all the lands liberated after '67, thrown out their entire Muhammadan 5th column, sold to the morons as a "Palestinian People", and turned the entirety of Gaza into a military base surrounded by nice beach side resort towns, farms and something indicative of human progress.

THERE'S the payday for this coalition! all that land! mmm-mmm. flipped once to the private sector, flipped again to a share based reit structure, flipped again once the condos are built and the people pay the reit for the privilege of a few scant metres of space in the sky.such is the modern market. the illusion of property which is actually just space in the sky.

How much will all of this cost the American taxpayers?

Looks like the zioNAZIS are following in the footsteps of their patriarch, Hitler.

In nuke war or wmd war , a situation is building up when Israel alone will go for an all out killig of Muslims and  Muslims will go for an all out killing of Jews in Israel.

In short, there are 10 million Palestinian and about 10 million world wide jews going for an all out eventual war .If Israel expands into new land or if UN backout .If USA UKCanada EU car plane users take cntrol of  57 muslim oic opec resources mines with Islam wrapped up [which do not seem possible].if OPEC Venezuela Russia do not surrender if west do not vacate Afghanistan OIC  future war is sure seem on the horizon.Muslims or world countries unlikely will give room to Israel to operate as they please.

Originally, jews were supposed to have homeland for 5000 which later became 50/50 land sharing with Palestinian via UN resolution. In the middle of 2 Billion Muslims ,With still 5 million or more Palestinian in west banks gaza and refugee camps in and around Israeli portion with Israeli living by force with own Rhetoric.Where will it end up in the middle of no where? now or later? some day it will eplode into war as land is short and land is sinking by erosion and weight.

They forgot to mention the part about how it will be built on more stolen land...Benny needs to die....like a lot