LOL...this is great!...I’ve never heard of any of these songs much less the singers…how cool is that!

Takes money to make money..

this is fuh King awesome

I think the Associated press is lazy, I see people commented from 2 months ago and this article was just released 19 minutes ago. wow.

well even though the "bands" arent great ...at least there are ORGANIC HUMAN bands on the lists...just think - it was waaaaay worse a couple years a go...when there was NO bands...it was all rap and dance club BS

Getting grumpy about what "those kids" are listening to is a sacred ritual that passes from generation to generation.What's unique about the tripe of our day is how neatly its abymal qualities are matched by those of iTunes as a delivery system. Originally an attempt to staunch piracy, it has come to resemble the enemy. Many of its album repackages are pirates themselves.Not to mention the utter dysfunction of the iTunes storefront, a cross between a corrupt parking meter and a rusted-out candy vending machine.

#11. "The Muffin Man.".........Frank Zappa.

this stuff is #$%$ the music indistry is more dead then the u.s. video game indistry. i walked away from s&amp;l when these guys played . also on an s&amp;l side note please get rid of your music bits i watch to laugh not listen to fail music.

I gonna pop some tags, and I only got 20 dollas in mah pocket

Got my Kiss records out today.  sweet.Try Chickenfoot III in the album category.

It's obvious from all the comments here that music is generational. For you baby boomers, what were your parents and their friends saying about your music in the 60s, 70s, and 80s? Probably that it was #$%$ right? "Say, Bob, what happened to the good music like big band, swing, and of course good ol' Frankie Blue Eyes, sheeeee?" What's the point of bashing music that other people like? Because it's fun and an easy thing to do. Everyone has an opinion about music that they're brain believes to be a fact.

Too bad that a lot of people don't know what indie rock is. Which is "Imagine Dragons, Mumford and Sons, Of Monsters and Men, Awolnation (listen to People and Wake up), and Foster the People". These groups are just a handful of awesome groups that don't get props for the music they put out. Now, you may see them on the grammys, because they actually recognize talent that is really there and you will also hear them in TV ads, but I'll be damned if you hear them mainstream like these hack job pop songs (i.e. beyonce, rhianna, kanye, etc.

Check out newcomer sensation 'Franz Jaeger' out now on iTunes

Stupid crapppppy songs. See what Ritalin does to kids. Not only does Ritalin make kids zombie like they also download #$%$ music.

never heard of any of them

Just finished browsing some of these groups,only thing that appealed to me was Of Monsters and Men.

Nothing on that list that appeals to me.Just a bunch of noise!

"I Will Wait," Mumford &amp; SonsStill love it!  :)

Apparently iTunes users have poor taste in musicTalented people still exist today, but unfortunately they don't get recognized for it. :( The wrong people become famous.

Rolling Stone sold out Rock &amp; Roll.  Now it resembles Jet Magazine with some White Communist Jewish writers to keep the whole rebellion feel legit.

Wow.. this' the top 10?? that is pathetic. Music will never get back to what it used to be. I miss the days of Nirvana, Blink-182 and Lit.

Hillsong United with the #1, I love it!

I love Bruno Mars.

I do hope that real music makes it's way back again someday.  I haven't heard any new bands (band being a group of individuals that can actually play instruments, collaborate song writing skills and sing) that have gotten me excited in years.

The people that buy this #$%$ are the same people that keep places like Pizza Hut and Subway alive. Pathetic.

Talented musicians in this day and age will rarely be heard.

#11. "Broken hearts are for azzoles.".......Frank Zappa.

BARF!#11.  "The Illinois Enema Bandit.".........Frank Zappa.

it reads like a roster of riders on the little bus of today's music!

Where is the new Clutch?

Where's the new Voivod at?That's better then all these lp's combined.

Romeo Void -Never say Never , Magazine 60- Don Quichotte, Blondie -Lp Autoamerican, Jellybean Benitez- Sidewalk talk, 2 Unlimited- Get ready for this,with vocals Mind your own Biz  ,The Police- Spirits in the material world, Linda Jo Rizzo- Passion, T.S.O. P.- The Sound of Philadelphia, Chic-  Le Freak , Pink Floyd - The Wall,Charlie Steinman -It is such a good night, Philippe Nicaud-C'ex .

The top 10 is utter #$%$ as usual - the tasteless masses did like their rubbish.

This article was in the Finance section. Appropriate. Not a single artist on the list.

Check out Chickenfoot III.

#$%$ has happened to music?

I don't recognize a single song or album on that list.  I do recognize most of the "artists" but they have a long way to go before they can reach the level of the bands I enjoyed during my formative years.Never heard any of that.

and all 10 have extensive use of auto tune because there are no singers any more.

I downloaded some Led Zeppelin last week.

Wow.  How did we not finish 1st in world math rankings?

Boy am I glad that  'I am older'

I am pleased to say that I have never heard any of this music, and have never heard of most of these "artists".

Selena Gomez Love you like a love song is better than anything Britney Spears hasrecorded

The list of what NOT to listen to. Such garbage.No wonder the recording industry is in the toilet.

Kidz Bop.....so bad.

I actually heard about a minute of this "thrift shop" song on the radio before i came to my senses and changed the station. It was stupid and thats putting it nicely, which i guess is why it sells, we sell stupidity, specially in America, cant get enough of it here.These top 10 lists on Itunes just show that people like #$%$ music.Yes is #$%$ music even if you like it, which is fine you are free to like what you please, doesnt mean its good.Pink Floyds "Darkside of the Moon" album spent nearly 15 years at the top of the charts, you know why? Because its actually good music.Music nowadays is all about what #$%$ beat the can make fastest on the computer and mass sell to the brain deads who dont even know what good music is.

#11 "Cute Face, Big Big Butt",  Nicki Minaj

*SIGH*  Back to my Zeppelin albums again.....

After thousands of hours spent listening to my favorite artists, I really don't want to spoil the enjoyment that I get as compare to 90% of today's non-music. I still enjoy Crosby, Stills and Nash, Fleetwood Mac, The Stones, the Beetles and the Animals's 60 music. JJ Cale is my favorite all time. Dire Straits, America, Los Lobos and Paul Simon. Leonard Cohen, Gordon Lightfoot and Dylan still live musically. Deep Purple, Pink Floyd, David Bowie and ELP. Earl Scruggs, Johnny Cash, Bill Monroe, Les Paul. Patsy Cline, Hank William. Just naming my favorite artist give me immense pleasure. I could go on but you get my drifts....

FREEBIRD!!!!!!  and where is  "Stairway to Heaven"?

That ain't music!

"The muffin man.".......by Frank Zappa.

more #$%$

How come all these songs "feat." somebody else?

Call me old fashioned...I love me some good mindless pop, but I've never heard a single one of these. Every time I look at who's famous, I recognize fewer names.What happened to "I Like Big Butts" by Sir Mix-A-Lot?  I don't see it on the list.

Locked out of heaven is such a vocal ripoff of Gotye doing Somebody that I used to know.

"Locked Out of Heaven," Bruno Mars  it's good

Why go to iTunes when one can get all the songs that ever existed for free. The music industry is dying and can't blame the consumers for selling sh**** products and low quality media.

"I promise not to come in your mouth.".........Frank Zappa.

Never heard of any of these! Not a God damned one!

Gojira -TOOL -Mastodon -Puscifer -Alice in Chains -Disturbed -Meshuggah ???

pink floyd forever...............................

Glad to see more people are enjoying The Lumineers.. they are a good band,,,

Can't say much about that....good grief. Set the wayback machine to 1974 please.

Too much Bieber.

What no Zeppelin or Sabbath? What the pfhuck?

I am proud to say I have no idea what any of these songs sound like.UP THE IRONS!

Ok, commenters, old music was not necessarily better than today's music. There was plenty of crud put out in the old days, just as there is now. It's just that the good stuff from the old times is remembered now.Also, if you do some researching, you can find good quality bands, rappers, and singers in the underground scene.  You can't make a judgment on all modern music just based on the Top 40, since the Top 40 is only the top layer to an enormous multitude of music out there.

Gangnam Style dropped to #7? I guess people's thighs were hurting too much to continue doing the Gangnam Style. It must have been fun for Psy while it lasted!!

Never heard any of them.

A lot of variety with the top albums, but not so much with the individual songs.

I'm proud to say that I have not downloaded any of that #$%$.

all #$%$Steel Panther RULES!!!!

sad, sad, sad

What happened to the good music......60's 70's and some 8o's?

So where is the music on this list?

Overnite sensation - FZ

I've been collecting records since the late 1960s and I've never seen such miserable #$%$ in all my life.  This stuff isn't even worth downloading for free - maybe that's one way to stop file sharing, it's not  worth the drive space.  People actually used to say the 70s were bad, but this stuff makes Lady Bump sound like classical music

There's a name for this kind of music.  It's called #$%$."

I'm gonna pop some tags only got $20 in my pocket!

The new David Bowie song went to number one on iTunes I think.

Where's Stone Sour, RU486??  So kickass!!"SUCK IT GANGREEN STYLE."

"breaking news"the commander of naval special warfare command, adm. Joseph d kernan, has declared talks with china's party leader hu jintao, have broken down in regards to american debt payments. Hu jintao was quoted as saying:" ifthe united states re-elects barack obama as president, we will declare war immediately. Sources close to the pentagon have confirmed that china wants paid $16.5 trillion by the end of the year. Hu jintao was quoted saying:" if obama wins, we will never see your money! We will attack the usa."the secretary of defense and congress have voted to extend the draft and authorized president obama to call up reservists.  the usa will immediately draft 25 - 35 million men and women between the ages of 18 - 32 starting thursday. Adm. Kernan is still trying to negotiate a settlement.   associated press

Gangnam Style #1!

If you want something really solid to groove to, and to turn your friends on to, check out the first album by a new band now touring Europe- Nations Afire.  Their new album "The Ghosts We Will Become" rocks my socks off.  This just became available on iTunes this week, I think, and I bet you will be loving' it.  Turn it up!

Justin Bieber #1 ....LOL....LOL....oh one more LOL

They need to title this, Top 10 Pieces Of Sh|t that are selling on Itunes.

Yeah, this list pretty well sums up how bad music is today

Yikes! I have over a Terabyte of music - truly thousands &amp; thousands of songs copied to my hard drive from my 600+ CDs and other sources. The most I can say is I have heard of SOME of the "artists" but not one song!Berber is a carpet not a singer!

all #$%$

Just proves that there are fools born every minute!!!!!  Not one of them is good music and have no talent like the bands of the 60s and 70s had!!!!!