Of course! The reason is simple.  Socialism seems like a good idea, until it is put into practice. Europeans just cant seem to learn that very simple lesson.  Americans, cant seem to learn that either. Which is why the worst president in living memory was re-elected.

Socialism look good only on paper.

Dear Leader Obama will be right behind him.

when will people learn there is no such thing as a free lunch

Anyone with an IQ over 60 should have seen this coming during the French elections last May.  But, then again we are talking about the French.

Soon Obama will be there too.

Let's take a look at his policies, tax the rich and blame others for everything going wrong....geez that's what Obama does and look at his results!

France is going nowhere just like most western countries. The entitlement society (spending other people money) will bankrupt them all.

Is Obama not returning his phone calls as well?

Given a little time, I think that the socialist conglomerate, European Unon, will fall on its face. unfortunately for the late great United States, by the time this happens, our Government will have us so intwined in international affairs, we will fall with them.Liking the liberal socialist much????.......You get what you vote for...........

Good. France needs a far-right leader to clean up its mess. So do we here in America.

He's an Frickin Dimwit Jackarse  just like Barry O'Dumbo... wake up people - these socialist losers are the biggest turds on the planet ( time to Flush )

Wow.  Can't spend OPM fast enough?  Sacre Bleu!  Well, it can't happen here.  Oh, wait.  It IS happening here.  The cornucopia/dictatorship sometimes runs into an occasional "bump in the road"  when the "sacred, anointed by social justice" takers bleed "greedy" producers dry.  Oh, well.  Maybe Darwin was right after all.

The French people elected this Communist and can't figure out why their economy continues to slide.  Hmmm, sounds like America.  Socialism will destroy EVERYTHING!  Get used to it you Liberal #$%$!

At least the French voters appear to realize that they made a mistake, unlike the Obama voters.

Funny how all the E U countries want the bail out money, and at the same time won't implement the austerity measures, instead choosing to interminably wrangle over the details in their governmental chambers. If I were in control of the purse strings, the first condition to receiving any funds would be all measures would be in place before one dime was placed in an account. Many of these countries are receiving multiple infusions of cash, why are there still any details being debated?

I can't figure out why Barry is a Socialist Marxist ????  Doesn't he know better ??? What scares me is we have useful idiots that put him back in power !!

France will follow Greece , Spain and Cyprus !!!

"Free" is an illusion.They say they voted against Sarko, but look at who they elected???!!!  And they are in for 4 and a half more years. Sounds like it, here too..

When idiots work hard, everybody suffers.

Damn you mean liberalism doesn't work?

MERDE.....!!!

Seems like socialist leaders all over the planet get poor approval ratings...yet...they keep winning elections...makes ya wonder how that is...could it be voter fraud???

It is a no-win situation for him. Eventually you run out of other people's money. Raise taxes on the rich -- they leave. How can you get any money from someone that no longer lives there. Are you paying attention, Barack Obama? The Makers eventually leave. Who is John Galt??? MORON!!!

The french fools voted for this communist POS.........just like the low information (idiot) voters did in America last November..........now we all have to deal with the consequences!!!

he encourages laziness, perfect for this country of lazy #$%$.making sure the last few millionaire get the hell out of the country was also brilliant.the french got what they want and deserve...

At least the French seem intelligent enough to know when they picked a loser. We still got plenty of mental midgets here in America that are still under the impression obama is doing a good job.

Frankly there isn't much difference. The capitalisst rob the poor to give to the rich, and the socialists rob the rich to give to the poor .Faced with that kind of choice, I think the latter have better morals. Nowhere ni Europe will you hear talk of the disparity in wages between top management and the workers  In the US, CEOs get on average 700 times what the factory floor workers get. In Europe, no Golden parachutes, no use of the Corporate jet even when they no longer work for the company, and CEOs remuneration is limited unless the shareholders vote an increase. No talk of the 2% and the 98%.Leaders like Marine Le Pen may be a sign white people are awakening to what is happening to their countries and culture and the effect it will have on their future.Their only needs to be one country that puts an end to the multi-cultural madness and the others will follow.God bless the brave Marine Le Pen.

Europe was well on its way to Communism, before the Fascists took over. Then again after WWII, when the USA bribed them with the Marshall Plan not to go Communist

France is what you get when you combine stupidity with laziness.  They selected this fool, now let them live with him.

The Immigration InvasionBy Arthur KempThe Immigration Invasion details how all First World nations are set to be swamped by waves of Third Worlders before the end of the 21st Century. Using the very latest available official data and government projections, this book shows how, unless legal and illegal immigration is halted and reversed, European First World nations across all of Europe from Spain to Russia, North America, Australia and New Zealand -- will be destroyed and have their very culture and civilization changed to that of the Third World. Immigration is now the single most important issue facing all First World nations, and will determine whether Western Civilization continues to exist or not. Finally, this book goes on to provide the only solution to the impending crisis: decisive, reasonable, considered direct political action. It is a political call to arms to save the West.

The fools wanted the handouts but the Socialism does not work and he will not deliver to the fools what he promised. The Socialism will make evryone to be equally poor in the end except for the super wealthy people because they moved out of the France and they did not want to pay for the 70% of their income taxes to their government!  ---Wake up liberal fools worldwide, you can trust your own abilities and make your own life better and do not vote for the liberals or socialists for your own good!

You know what they say about socialists?? Sooner or later they run out of others peoples money!!

What is the definition of insanity? Oh yeah, trying the same thing over again (socialism), and expecting a different result.

Don't they have the same idiots running the country as those who voted for Obozzo here? Maybe, just maybe they'll wake up over there and realise that socialism is just a Marxist dream that Obozzo also loves to indoctrinate on the ignorant masses! Must be all those illegal immigrants over there, unlike those over here who can vote!

Francois Hollande should be governor of California, or NY, or is it NJ maybe.Morons wake up, you may have the socialist intentions, this based on how you voted the last two presiential election cycles; but you lack the culture, or arrogance, to pull off true stupidity. No matter what... French wine will always be better than anything from California, and anything from the US will always be better than anything from California, NY, or NJ....

Give the guy a break.  It's been 6 months for crying out loud.  I live in France.  Socialism is great as long as the system isn't abused." as the Socialist president battles unemployment at a 13-year high and a stagnant economy" I thought this was an article on Obama when I first started reading it.

Everyone on the right screams about the failures of socialism ...they have a real short memory of the failures of Capitalism as we slowly claw our way out of the pit the Tax cuts for the rich AND massive deficits as a result plus the lies of the Iraq war (2Trillion and counting)dumped us all in. Both forms of economics have their warts but compared to living in a Theocracy (Iran) or Cult Dictatorship (North Korea and Syria) we are all looking pretty good.

Viva la socialism....viva la diversity

The only war France ever won was its civil war.  We see the same level of idiocy among its populace to elect a socialist.

It is funny how Americans are so confused. Obama is not a socialist. For the French, Obama belongs to the moderate-right wing. Hollande is a socialist, at the left wing.Americans, you did not experience Socialism and you will probably never will. In USA, you have a choice to elect a president from the moderate right wing up to the extreme-right wing.You do not have anything that could be compared to a left wing, which is good and you should be proud of it.

The country of France continues its centuries-long plunge into ineptness.

Big Government.  Universal Health Care.  Stupid women voting for liberals.  Stupid college kids voting for liberals.  Big Federal Unions.   And......it all eventually collapses under its own lunacy.

When a stupid population (France) elects a blatant socialist, who in the hell would feel sympathy for them?  France is doused in lunacy.

Which goes to show how scre)wed up French politics has become and how everything coming from that country is a bad joke: now the Socialists are to the right of the extreme right.

Why is that stories like this always seem to bring out the racist Obama haters in droves. Sorry jerks...he has wiped the floor with your GOP friends TWICE now...got it idiiots? YOU LOST!!!