I remember we couldnt wait to help egypt and libyan rebels but not syrian?

Watch that red line keep moving!

Bet the rockets have Iraqi markings on them....................

Yeah, and a video sparked Benghazi......................

In other news more #$%$ to follow from the white house.

In the REAL News:Hillary Clinton had her E-mail hacked and several e-mails concerning the Benghazi Murders were sent to numerous News agency's and Congressional aides..One being Carl Rove...Bye Hillary!

The White House didn't wast any time denying chem weapons were used.....Because they crossed Obamas line and he'll have to do something or he'll look like hes just full of hot air....again.

Why has yahoo or anyone else but FOX say anything about the hacked emails over Bengazi? As a matter of facts the 33 survivors we just learn about months after the election. The bad part is people are stupid enough to believe the lies from Obama when they see he is lying.

the blackhouse wouldn't know anything ....look at Benghazi....!!!

Look at the cia they may have done it i would not put it pass obamaI sense another Benghazi by the White house.

So, there are weapons of mass destruction. They couldn't have come from Iraq.Just do it the old fashion way, ammonia and bleach.

What a lie, is the white house on the ground in Syria all of a sudden! The Carney is good at making up the facts too!

Why would this be a serious concern for the U.S. as the Whitehouse says?  The Obama administration seems to be trying very hard to come up with a reason to get involvd in Syria's civil warthat the public will support.

And why do you think that is "White House" that there is no evidence that a CIVILIAN MILITIA wouldn't have access or any link to chemical weapons. I wonder why you haven't found anything yet White House

Isn't this the same administration that informed the American public that the attack on out consulate in Benghazi Libya was not terrorism but an uncoordinated attack led by angry muslims over an internet movie excerpt?  How could we be sure this is not an opening salvo of an exapnding civil war in a region known for irrational behavior?

Is Cheney working for the Assad regime?  We should check, I bet he's behind this.