Amish mob vs Indian mob....I'm in the twighlight zone.

Second story today with a verdict that yahoo failed to tell you what it is.

omg listen to this idiot

This sounds more our our LOCAL COUNTY POLITICIANS where I live than the mid west.. Only our politicians they keep gettin probation...

Wow. 200 whole members. They're really running amok.

The American mafia started with four thugs.

When are the feds gonna take on the real gangs, especially in big cities? The answer is: they fraid to cause they liable to get hurt.

where is the hate crime here

Enough with this garbage of indians having their own native governments.  Merge them in, make them follow all the same laws as the rest of us.

The should hired a community organizer and became a non-profit and received federal bucks. Then the could have taken the Ag Dept to court over some bogus injustice and received a 4 billion dollar settlement. Oh wait. Thats already been done. Pigford vs Glickman.The native MAFIA, oh my goodness.  We should get this outy there.

A drop in the bucket: the FBI counts 20-30 gangs in the US with over 30,000 members.  None of them Native American...

Gangsters are gangsters no matter what race they are. White, black, asian, indian or latin.

American Indians convicted at trial. 30 million ILLEGALS, (and growing), by the thousands, each day, allowed to stay in the U.S.A., by obama. They take  American citizens jobs, homes, health care, schools, the entire communities. Something's not right here.

Geronimo lives on!!!!

Custer blew it.

They should have used "I was born a poor black child defense", never mind, wrong color.

200 members half in prison and some in name only is'nt much of a threat.

we already have the blks, latinos, arabs, asians against us, dont bother the indians they have bows and arrows dude!!

Buy cigarettes and play in casinos.........or else.25 charged, three didn't take the nplea and the defense things it wasn't organized.

Psssh. After what our ancestors did to the native Americans, be happy this is one of the very FEW times you ever hear of Indian violence against others.

Gang members? What do you call our government?

Entire force of Federal goverment comes dowm on Indians who wouldn't be crooks if we hadn't stold everytning they had, but can't be bothered with a rape, torture and FEDERAL kidnapping crime against true terroists in Stubenville, Ohio.

This explains things a lot more! We hope she gets a fair shake! Could see why she was so scared!

Wow..I didn't know there was a turf war at the casinos in Milacs or at Treasure Island!

uh ho,.. here come the indians!!

scalp them

Indian Gangs??????????? LMFAO Are they the "Red Feathers and Blue Feathers"? Do they claim territory? "O.k, you Rainfeather storm clouds get the dirt lot east of the Running Bear Casino and us Snake eye summer dew drops claim west of the Casino" LMFAO,,,Indian gangs. "In other news there was 1 killed and 3 wounded in an apparent drive by scalping"

#$%$ knobs hate themSo called 'Native Americans' are among some of the most prejudiced beings on earth.  The worst ones are those mixed with Mexican blood.  These people hate anyone who is not in their tribe.  And hate is hate, no matter where it comes from.  The original Americans were slaughtered by what we now call American Indians when the present-day Indians came over to the Americas on the ice between what is now Russia and Alaska.  It is a proven fact that today's American Indian is really Alaskan-Russian migrants mixed with Mexican blood.  Most of the Indians in America are soft-spoken, gentle, kind and Christian.  But as with any other race, they have a 10-25% element that still want to scalp everyone that's not in the tribe.

200 members? Seriously? Try the IBH on for size lol!

When I fart on my hand, it gets warm.

Buncha dumb gang bangers!

Kill all 200 of them....case closed