The only way to achieve peace and stop all these ongoing skirmishes is to fight the war to completion with a clear victor imposing its will to the loser with an unconditional surrender.

Oh, Yeah.  They call that a holocaust.

It's not the size of Israel that infuriates the muslims, It's the existence of Israel.  There is no room for compromise with Islam no matter how much you pretend.

Finally, someone telling it like it is!

No truer words were ever spoken. As anyone who has followed this on going conflict between Israel and the so called palestinians knows. The palestinians do not want peace nor a two state solution. The fact of the matter is, they wish to see the the total destruction of the Jewish nation of Israel. Not one thing has changed in their attitude since t948.

The american taxpayers aren't delusional. Enough already. No more aid. We can't afford any more elective wars.

He's absolutely correct in his assessment of the writing on the wall. The only way to change that verdict is to get the authors of that writing, the Palestinians, to realize that their protaganizers, the Arabs and Iranians are only using them as pawns to accomplish their own goals. Then said pawns can whitewash the wall and start over.

Who would negotiate with any people who want your total destruction? To ask them to do so is insane

Unfortunately, this guy is correct.  Peace is just not in the mix for the Palestinians and the Israelis.  They both claim Jerasulem and the Israelis are not going to give up the land they took in the 1967 war.  Just the way it is.  My opinion is that we cut off all foreign aid to both parties and let them solve their own problems.

Hamas Charter"The charter states that "our struggle against the Jews is very great and very serious" and calls for the eventual creation of an Islamic state in Palestine, IN PLACE OF ISRAEL and the Palestinian Territories.Can you blame this man for saying peace is dilusional. He is just being honest."

Mr. Lieberman is correct, there are too many Arab Factions/Governments that do not want peace to occur, they just want Palestine back, and the complete destruction of Israel.  How do you negotiate with a party/government that says that Israel does not have the right to exist?I give Lieberman a lot of credit for saying what the naive, politically correct world is afraid to say. Islam around the world must be managed and controlled, because peace is not possible with them.

Of course ,Lieberman is right!!

Notice a trend, Ziostooges? Israel must go away.

Palistinians will only be satisfied (and only for a brief moment) when all the Jews in the Middle East are dead and they rush in to claim all the land and property.  Then the Palestinian in-fighting and killing over this land begins...

jeezus light those things and let's get it over with......

There will and should be some state for the Arabs.But no 1967 borders. That train left the station long long time ago.The earliest borders will be the 2013 borders.FACT

Palestininas are typical muslims that want to take over as much land as possible, impose sharia, then fight amongs themselves.

This man may well be the only sane man in the middle east.

Israel has managed this conflict for decades.Mohammedans are creating misery.Israel prospers. FACT

That is all posturing, and each side it doing it, Pook. Time to get past the posturing and chest puffing and down to business. This conflict needs, and the people of each country deserve, a durable and lasting resolution to the conflict. Enough!Peace will never be reached in Israel...not with the Palestinians. Jewish people will continue to come to Israel. It's called the in-gathering of the tribes. It is all Biblical and will eventually usher in the end times. It's coming, folks...maybe not in our lifetime, but soon.

Does any of you kids remember the first attack one the twin towers.....i'm telling ya they are gone do the white house... this time around...and funny how some of the Funding for our "Homeland Security" has been taken away...Hmmm

if the arab world would stop instigating there could be peace,

"Chapaszodek  •  6 mins -- As long as israel espouses a government based on religion and race, no, there will be no peace because fascism doesn't live very well with their neighbors."----------- You must be talking about the many "Islamic Republics" in the region.

Peace is achievable when the Palestinians realize they are a conquered people.  Until then more conflict...  Think of the American Indian...

No peace, no aid.

I completely agree!

The Israeli's know that the Palestinians will never be peaceful until they murder and rape every non muslim, including little boys.. You can't deal with uneducated animals.

Anyone who thinks peace can be acheived is a fool, the very beleif is absurd the Moslem word is jihad this is a war that will not end until the entire west is taken over. Look at Europe today it another 50 years it will be Moslem at the rate its going today. Make no mistake this is a planed war by immigration to win what could not be one by war.

Anyone who thinks Israel and settlers want peace with Palestinians is "delusional."Jawad, the Arabs ' land is in Arabia.Go home !

No peace, no aid, for any of them. Period.

Because of America's backing the tail wags the dog.

And Barack brings nothing to the plate!!!

Right.  It is true.  No peace.  Never.Israel means to steal all the land it wants.Then Israel will create an apartheid state, setting Jewish Israelis above Palestinians.This will require constant violence and terror to maintain, and Americans will pay for it, and end up fighting and dying to sustain this evil

I agree

Lieberman should be behind bars instead of spewing hate speech.  He is disgusting rat!

Runn AIPAC out of washington.

Especially with Barack Hussein Obama in the Whitehouse.

Well, at some point this whole area will explode again. I don't see much of a chance for any real "peace" either, but the Israelis had better be on guard for sure.Lieberman is 100% correct.None of the factions want peace with Israel, just a complete annihilation of the state and genociding all of the Jews!

Israeli leader says peace hopes 'delusional'.....boy they got that right......right on Israel!

HAMAS is proof that the pales don't want peace.

the Arabs still don't officially recognize Israel as a state so how can you have peace with them???stop being hypocritical, the man say what we all know: they want to destroy israel no matter what and the only way to stop them is by being strong and vigilant.when they evolve enough as people and society then there could be peace

The only thing delusional, is the idiot who spoke.  He's fooling himself if he seriously believes any of that drivel he is spitting out.  The Arab's living within Israel are outbreeding the Jews.  He's going to end up with an Aparthied state in less than 50 years.  Its almost a new version of Prima Nocte, except without the rape.  The Jews will simply be outbred and made a minority over the course of the 21st Century... THEN where will they be?

Avigdor Lieberman is a Jewish nationalist and hero and he is 100% correct in his views that peace with the Arabs who call themselves "Palestinians" is wishful thinking - not reality.The Jews in Israel would love to have peace with the Arabs living in the midst and around them in every direction.  Since 1948 the Arabs only showed desire to murder Jews and eliminate the state of Israel . Facts are that the Arabs have set up the two largest terror organizations Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza armed with 100,000 + missiles and rockets of various ranges to kill Jews everywhere in Israel as demonstrated by them firing thousands of rockets into Israel. Iran is the main supporter and arms supplier to these terror groups and they are its proxies.  The so called "moderate palestinians" headed by Abbas are even worse than the terrorists and are wolves dressed in sheep's clothing. Peace is impossible with these Arabs because they do not want peace with Israel and it is a fact.

487.Land ........ Air .............. Submarines..........all pointed at mohammedan noggins.Maybe.........;-)

Liberman is right. Just ask Egyptian president, Morsi, who had recently pumped sewage water into Gaza's tunnels.

It's True...because the Surrounding Arab and Islamic governments and Clerics do not Want It. As Long s this True it does not matter what Israel does or Concedes. It's Time that the World Admits That!!

Lieberman is not even part of the  cabinet.He can say whatever he wants, he is not going to affect anything.Relax !they don't want peace. what part of that statement does our government not understand?

After reading these posts I just wonder how long the arab muslim lie will be allowed to continue. The historical fact is, the arab muslims invaded and occupied Egypt, Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, and what we call Palestine. There first act as a so-called religion was to attack the Christians in all those lands and OCCUPY the land. They believe whatever they steal in their gods name belongs to them, but they have no historical claim to those lands.

Since both sides claim God's  will, a secular solition is impossible. A war is unavoidable.

Bobbala''s comment is spot on : Look, you do not have to be a Lieberman fan to recognize this blatant obviosity : You just need to have a tiny bit of intelligence and intellectual honesty. The fact is that all 3 Palestinian factions share the same goal : Israel's liquidation. They could not be any clearer - either in word or deed. Tod Zuckerman.

If arabs wanted peace rather than israels destruction there would be peace. The only way peace comes to israel is if the sandscum destroy israel. Israel can want peace but u ntil the arabs either quit or all are slaughtered there will never be peace. Arabs ar the reason the conflict is continuing. Look at syria with 70000 arabs murdered? Where i the outcry inthe arab street. Arabs won't do squat to stop the war but let israel kill terrorists trying to murder jews, one would think the world was ready to end. Talk about a double stndard?

Alabama...the answer to the question of how many middle easterners are in the US...is TOO MANY !!  Send them all back to gaza.

The British/UN founding of the nation of Israel in 1948 was one of the biggest mistakes of post WWII. It's been non-stop conflict ever since. I don't care whose side you are on. That is pretty much undenieble.

the palainimals were invented to make sure there is never going to be peace!!with that saidIsrael must remove this obstacle!drive the fakstinians into the seatake no prisoners,deport them to iran,let the islaminals take care of themif they try to return ,,kill them

Truth hurts doesn't it.  Too bad the Palestinian's definition of peace and that of the world differs.  Since the world doesn't care for peace that cost one side it's existence.  On the other hand, the world doesn't care if terrorists die.

If Israel really wanted peace why do they always do drive by bombings on all their neighbors? If any other nation did this it would be called an act of war. Take away their FREE state of the art US weapons and they would talk to their neighbors instead of sneak attacks every time they get paranoid.The solutions have been there all along, the only real obstacle is overcome ego, pride, and prejudices.  The most realistic scenario would be for Israel to withdraw from 90-95% of the West Bank, retaining the largest and most densely populated of its settlements and compensating the Palestinians with slices of its own territory, possibly in the Negev Desert or in the form of a land corridor to link them with Gaza.  On the right of return, Israel would be able to permit those few survivors of the first exodus to return former homes within Israel itself while offering the descendants of those refugee's who have since passed monetary compensation for lost property.  Jerusalem would have to be partitioned with the Palestinians taking the easternmost portion of the city for their own capital, and with those locations within the city that are so sacred for so many different faiths to be declared international zones and to be policed and administered by officials from outside the region.  In return for these concessions the Palestinians would have to officially recognize Israel as a sovereign state. sign a peace accord, and retain only a defensive military and police force.  But for all this to happen the Palestinians need an organized and strong leadership free of corruption, and Israel needs to overcome its own religious idealism and paranoia and be willing to accept certain realities.

The feral mohammedan is cloning Ishy.The shamelessness of the mohammedan has no bounds.They LIE.

Israel doesn't want peace unless it is on it's terms. No compromise, no rationality equals no peace in the Middle East.

Just over this comment section is the headlines "Israel wants piece" and "Israel says no peace possible".  Come on, wake up, Israel does not want peace, Israel wants ww3 while the USA is still foolishly allied with her.

@Mike .. 2012 figures .. $72 billion in foreign aid, most went to Arab/Muslim nations, and $14 billion for troop training and counter-terrorism. Israel rcvd $3.1, they pay us back and they're our ally. Let's cut off aid to our enemies!

I guess what he's really saying is that the jews will continue to steal land, so hoping for peace IS delusional.

As far as any side live in complete delusion of believing that is superior race they will NEVER have peace ANYWHERE !!!

There you have it. Israel wants no peace. What Israel wants is total annihilation of the Palestinians. They want to keep squeezing the Palestinians from their land slowly but surely while trying to get the United States to fight its wars for it on other fronts so it wouldn' have to expend its small budget on these wars. It also wants to be able to maintain its firm superpower status in the area with its undeclared nuclear weapons. What Israel forgets is that military power has its own limitations. Just ask the Bush administration.

Israel has received OVER 105 billion in aid from America, Israel is the ONLY developed country to get aid.Why does Israel STILL get this aid?

What is a fake khazar jew?  He is as much a jew as you are an arab.As long as islam is allowed to continue existing there will be no peace on earth

It is laughable the people on this forum who don't live in the ME and think they know what they are talking about.  The only people that can make peace are the Israelis and Palis, when they are ready it will happen.

He's right.  The idea of Peace with these Arabs IS delusional.  that is why they will eventually be pushed out and destroyed.  1/5th of the population of the WB is already Jewish.

"A senior member of Israel's new government says anyone who thinks peace can be reached with the Palestinians is "delusional.""  Pretty much sums it up.  He's a genius.

"Almostnuts  •  3 mins 53 secs ago Report AbuseOh yeah, destroy olive trees, poison water wells, shoot kids. "You are not "almostnuts" ......... you are certifiably insane, you lying piece of shait.

They missed the White house the first time, they're not gona miss the second time...keep a close eye on DC them terrorists want it bad....ever really take a good look at how many Mideasterns are in our country now today..???? take a good long look.....

Every body worries about the Mexicans.....better start looking the other way....

Wake up America another 911 is coming at our White house I'm telling ya the idiots are coming back....we're taken the hits for israel.....Wake up....

Looks like pal, the cloning arab, is up early today.

The Palestinians keep trying to claim territory they lost in a half dozen wars with Israel and many suicide bombings in Israel.  Each of these is a Palestinian gamble that they will win.  When one gambles and loses, the losses are gone!!  Not recoverable!!The current Israeli gov does not want to SOLVE the conflict. They want to dictate terms. As long as the status quo stays the same they are in control. Any semblance of peace threatens the status quo.

Ya know, al the 400 million would have to do is give each of them moozies a stick, and they should be able to beat the 6 million.  You have to be really incompetent, really stupid to lose with those kind of odds.  How embarrassing?  And Alabama, you rely on this strain of numnuts to save your life?  You are dumber than they are.

Zi / on-ists don't want peace. 'Managing the conflict' is just a cop out because they need an excuse to continue building illegal settlements. This Avigdor Lieberman is a joke. He's up on fraud &amp; corruption charges....so he'll probably be in the pen before he can open his big mouth again

Avigdor is right. The koran says muslims have emnity with the Jews forever.

This guy creates a self-fulfilling prophecy, and reveals the true character of Zionism.  Ethnic cleansing is and always has been the Zionist plan for peace in Eretz Israel.

Iran's building of nuclear weapons cannot be solved, either. It can just be managed!

These people talk out of both sides of their mouths.. On the one side they say they want peace, on the other they say peace is delusional. Truth is peace is pretty damn hard when your side doesn't want it.

--Sweet Home Alabama---  •  13 mins ago"Your gona be surrounded israel...."As if this wasn't the plan from the beginning Bama ! Who really believes the so-called Palestinians ever wanted peace ?

Just wait till the America Military is in Place in Africa...

How is it even possible that 6 million people can defeat 400 million people, time after time after time?  How stupid can the 400 million people be?Doesn't matter no gog is coming no Rapture #$%$ is coming and the stories we taught our American Children are for naught and just ghost stories ....... wake up Rose buds...

Consider the source .. comming from  breach of trust and fraud charges

If they are a "Godly" people watts the hold up on the nuke count Huh Huh Huh......

An cough up the Nuke Count you jews hold from the world...hut....

There you have it.  So, why are we propping up this aggressor with our tax dollars?

I wonder if they would say that if we stopped voting in their favor with every single UN resolution no matter if it is right or wrong and we stopped sending economic and military aid?  Maybe then they would stop the settlements and a two state solution could be achieved?

I happen to agree ...

Sadly, he is correct.  The palis only want to destroy Israel.  They don't want to live in a modern country....they only like. The economic sheetholes that they currently live in.  If they ever took over Israel, the arabs would have the entire country looking like Egypt or gaza in a few years.

The words coming from a clone...what a joke.  Remember...5 wars..5 losses for the 400 million.  They have no juice.  The arabs couldn't fight their way out of a paper bag.

Nope iran can't nuke their neighbors the contamination will cover them two...no what will happen is an all out attack on the white house and then watch Americans wake up againand russia will take care of the idiots who call themselves The Chosen...Haaaa and chinawill be the new leader in Asia....just watch....and no holy ghost is coming to save anybodies assp...Lieberman said that?  I thought he was busy ripping off little old babushkas with the Russian mob.  What an incredible dumbazz.

And now knives are gona be legal on Airplanes again.....imagine that....

What then? Never-ending iron-fist? Snowballing cycle of violence &amp; death until it devours everyone?

We can only manage the slow ethnic cleansing of Palestinians - Lieberman

Philistine, kiss my tuchas.

So-called Palestine will only be of short value to Syria, Jordan, Egypt &amp; the like. Once they decide to attack Israel again .. they will all be one.

The Israeli hard core right wingers are making all these statements and actions just beforeObama comes. Why?  Several reasons.  Primary reason is thatthey know  everyone else will think that Obama's trip, occurring right afterthese actions/statements will appear to be an endorsement.  Doing and sayingthings that have been contrary to  official  US policy for decades will show the worldthat Israel can do anything it wants and US president  will *still* come and pay homage.I am embarrassed to see any US president, even a get-along-to-play-along type like Obama,kiss butt of any little PIA country.

Just watch the news jews........

These BAS**RDS keep speaking from Both sides of their mouth.

In other words, he offers perpetual occupation as the answer to Oslo and Camp David. Then goes on to say peace with the Palestinians is impossible? Impossible because of their refusal to accept eternal occupation as the solution, or impossible because of his offer for eternal occupation?This Jewish Man Says It All,  "Miko Peled, Seattle 10/1/12", (1:08:30).

mondoweiss dot net

“Qur’an… an accursed book… So long as there is this book there will be no peace in the world.” Will Gladstone - Prime Minister of Great Britian

really? i though your government wanted peace? which is it?

A YAHOO USER  •  52 mins ago"They already sneak attacked in 1967 and stole the land..."That is pure propaganda !!The Six Day War of 67', Ararfat &amp; terrorist group PLO, along with six Muslim nations, "once again" tried to annihilate Israel. Didn't work, get over it loser !

And the Move will happen just like the Early days of Vietnam...send in the Advisers first...

Your gona be surrounded israel....Yea Baby...

Netanyahu knows how to run a camp.

This Russian criminal needs to be found guilty and forgotten about. Anyone who finds peace "delusional" doesn't really want peace.

Apartheid Welfare states has spoken.Wars happen when leaders or diplomats run out of ideas. If Benny is out of ideas, he should resign.

Go America,.. who has been feeding and laundering the jewish state for years....

Ever Since we built the first oil rig in the middleast it waz coming and the more money the worst it got and now it is out of hand we needed the oil we half to keep the peace...

Avigdor Liberman does not represent the 21st century logical Jews. Peace is essential for the survival of Israel in the long run. Everyone knows that; denying it is for the fools.

Delusional are fools zealots and war profiteers who provoke a never ending conflict with the 1.2 billion Muslims in the world !!

And give our tax money back jews in israel....

Stopping settlements would be a necessary step to solve the problem and so it is the Israelis who are creating the delusional situation.

The US should stop funding the conflict, then perhaps the participants may find it in their interest to peacefully coexist.

Bouncer! when you take the hope and aspirations of a people from them ,the word NATIONALISM becomes more than just a word,just ask the 58000+ dead U.S soldiers in the jungles of Vietnam.Nationalism for with it comes the ultimate sacrifice and life becomes meaningless.LIEBERSCHLITZ go ahead and see how you MAN/AGE the state of Israel.

Mr. Lieberman is one thousand percent right.  I've been echoing this sentiment for years.  At best the  conflict is only manageable-it is presently unsolvable and will continue that way for a very long time, perhaps always.  When one side says let us sit down without preconditions and negotiate everything so we can live together as Arab and Jewish states - and the other says we will negotiate nothing until you agree with our demands in advance and afterward we will never in a thousand years agree that one of the two countries will be a Jewish state and we will never in a thousand years yield that that other state must accept 2 million Arab descendants of refugees who themselves left voluntarily 65 years ago so that that state will also become an Arab Moslem state - HOW DO YOU EVER EXPECT ANY PEACE SETTLEMENT TO COME ABOUT?  Lieberman is telling the complete truth.  You can't compromise when one side are savage, barbaric, primitive, hateful, fanatical and terroristic even amongst themselves.There hasn't been peace in that part of the world for over 2,000 years, what makes anyone think that things are going to change now?

Every significant conflict in the World today with the one exception of North Korea is related to  Islam/Muslim backed terrorists expanding territory.  Sad as it is, Israel is probably right in saying a peaceful solution is impractible.  Unfortunately, it is probably true world wide as the Muslim aggressors continue to attempt to violently subjugate the world.

If I were a moozie, which I thank God I am not, I would be very embarrassed at the fact that 400 million moozies have lost every war they have fought to 6 million jews.  Hell, my  5 year old could figure out how to win a war with those kind of odds, but not the moozie.

Get serious...the pales only want the destruction of Israel.  Need proof...dial HAMAS to see how they have acted since they gained power in Gaza.

Israel wants all Palestinians dead, and will NEVER have peace

He's right; there will be no peace for Israel, no matter how hard they try.

When Russia Steps on israel life will be better...and look out for Egypt they might beat Russia to the punch....

It is against anybody’s conscience and law (except Zionism) to remove a person from their home, torture them, and chase them from their land without due process of law.

As long as israel espouses a government based on religion and race, no, there will be no peace because fascism doesn't live very well with their neighbors.

What is this Year 2013,,,We've saved the jews from hitler give'em land feed them give them money Daily Daily....and they want more,  well your day is coming again jews and you ain't gona like that either...too bad......You are so right, with the present leadership....it is dilusional.

How many nukes do you jews have.....???????????

Israel has always wanted peace .. Islam has always wanted Israelthere's no contradiction with peace being delusional with Pali's :-(

Israel leader are not willingly to work out the peace with Palestinians, finally you spokenthe truth. What's the reason for Obama come to Israel?? just show the world nor doinga show ?? For more than 60 years, US had aid  Israel and its never end the conflict withthe Palestinians. So All the taxpayers $$$ were gone to the drainage for this 60 years.Are US still pouring taxpayers  $$$$ without end ??

Israel will be crushed like a bug.......Yessum....

Haaa the jewish religion is Delusional ......

They already sneak attacked in 1967 and stole the land they must return never again a mideast pearl harbor

LOLOLOL90%nice try but as we all Know John Rebel sides for America First Last and always and israel can hold my coffee pot and serve coffee........

And the moozie women...uglier than anything I have ever seen.  No wonder the men make the women wear the head to toe burqa...otherwise, the moozie women would scare small children and animals.

Khazar Judaists will never be free people because their murder, torture, and land theft will follow them wherever they go.  They are victims of their own crimes locked into a forever jail of their own making.  No wonder they always say they are victims and we are "anti-Judaist"; the fact is they created themselves as victims  and we hate them because they are murderers and thieves.Oh yeah, destroy olive trees, poison water wells, shoot kids.  They have no reason to talk peace to anyone.  Thats the situation Israel finds itself today.  Spreading peace throughout the region.  How about a DNA test to see if these are really Jews spreading all this goodwill.

Mobama shud be thrown out..Period....he is doing nuthin for Americans....Slob....

God delivered Jerusalem to the people of David.  And it will remain that way.  I guarantee it.

Well, whenone sits and ponders over 65 years of non-stop expansionistic zionist policy, hardliner lip service, and arrogance in the zionists defying all UN Resolutions aimed at PROPERLY placing the pre-67 borbers as "the" trie legal border (as defined under International Law), it is easy to image the Palestinians viewing anything coming from a zionist POS like natanyahu as merely more manipulation, lip service, and continued expansionistic policies.  It is Israel that is not a legitimate state -- and virtually everybody knows that!!

Who cares what some chump change israeli leader say he don't run the world and he sure as hell don't run me and mine you jewish people in israel need to get up from your cushy livesand join the rest of the world on our terms...and shut your mouths and pay attention....

GO TO HELL.

Israel must be accountable for assassinating of Iranian scientists.

See my point is the whole time America has Taken the Sschitt for israel well I'm Tired of itand Tired of them...wake up Darn it ..let isreal take their own medicine for a change...

Well israel is gona be destroyed by the Hun From the north from what you religion books state..

Yea they claim being Chosen and all they worry about is other peoples business...in regards to ´terorist´and jihad causes-no govt is asking the most pertinent question of all-why are you attacking us?  even bin laden addressed this question in numerous videos.  IMO-its because US as a whole believes we are the ones carrying the light and torch of the world spreading our influence when in turn those who don´t agree with our cultures and want to practice there own way of life as its been for thousands of years.  not everyone wants capitalism as the forefron of there lives-shoot, even many americans mad at the 1% are sick of the capitalistic ways-why impose on other people/strong arming them?  I would rebel too!and please, dont tell me about the whole islam religion of peace debacle how their koran tells them to kill those non believers-it is written in every religious book out there as well-torah and bible included-its a protection from those trying to strong arm you and your familys from conversion.  think about why protestants came to US in the first place to escape the same religious persecution-at least they has a place to run.  now ´terrorists´are forced to fight back for what they believe-wouldn´t you?reference for starters:  biblical intolerance via google-it will quote specifically the same jihad like statements in your bibles and suchthis comment doesnt mean i condone and support suicide bombers, killing people men women or children either-its principle is that people no longer are asking questions and compromising towards peace.  the response now is-love thy neighbor, unless they dont believe what you want them to - then we bomb the #$%$ outta them!  think about it

"Israel's Netanyahu says new government wants peace.""Israeli leader says peace hopes 'delusional'"Which one is it - oh wait, we all  know the answer!

Radical wack jobs like Lieberman and Hamas leaders ARE THE PROBLEM !!!Time for the ADULTS TO GET 2 STATE SOLUTION DONE !!

The JEW is the REAL TERRORIST! The JEW is a LIAR SCHEMER SCAMMER. The JEW does not want peace. The JEW wants American children to DIE for the JEW in the MIDDLE-EAST. The JEW IS SC*M!

For the sake of argument lets say the little fat Russian Avigdor is correct. So if this will be a never ending battle between Israel and the rest of the region, lets cut lour losses and stop sending them billions in American tax dollars each year. It's a bad investment for America.

Sweet Home Jihadi is so cute. It keeps talking about "nukes" without admitting one thing: Only two nations in the Middle East have used WMDs, and neither one's Israel. Egypt used WMDs in Yemen and Iraq used them in Iran and on its own Kurds. Yup, Muslims slaughtered Muslims with WMDs while Israel had only used WMDs to prevent Muslim nations from using them on it.Sad jihadi, it must avoid reality, otherwise it might have to admit that it's hate is based on ignorance.

...as delusional as the, "leadership", in isreal.

O’ Childern of Israel come to salvation. Acknowledge the prophet hood of Jesus and Muhammad. Stop and repent your past and present evil. Follow the teaching of Jesus and Muhammad if you wish security. No Bombs can provide you protection. Security and protection only comes by the will of the Lord of of the Universe. Koran is full of advice to the children of Israel and shows them how to achieve asylum. It shades lights on their dark pass and guides them to the safety and prosperity.What Moses had to say, “ThereforeI say unto you (Jews) the kingdomof God shall be takenaway from you (Jews), and shall be given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof?Matthew 21:43 Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord yourGod raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me him shall ye hear allthings what so ever he shall say unto you.” Acts 3:22The worst enemies of the Jews are the Jews.

Zionist Terrorists NEVER Wanted Peace.  They WANTED The Land...ALL OF IT!

O’ Childern of Israel come to salvation. Acknowledge the prophet hood of Jesus and Muhammad. Stop and repent your past and present evil. Follow the teaching of Jesus and Muhammad if you wish security. No Bombs can provide you protection. Security and protection only comes by the will of the Lord of of the Universe. Koran is full of advice to the children of Israel and shows them how to achieve asylum. It shades lights on their dark pass and guides them to the safety and prosperity.What Moses had to say, “ThereforeI say unto you (Jews) the kingdomof God shall be takenaway from you (Jews), and shall be given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof?Matthew 21:43 Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord yourGod raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me him shall ye hear allthings what so ever he shall say unto you.” Acts 3:22The worst enemies of the Jews are the Jews.See there is Fraud even in the jew government how about that.......

He happens to be right. The arabs don't want peace. They see the peace process as a war strategy.

Why bother to care if they admit they are intractable in their positions?  They are the very definition of "unreasonable"--so anyone else would be crazy to waste time on interventions and diplomacy.

When the UN decided to ELIMINATE an entire Country to create another Country, they initiated this entire conflict.  Not that there was peace in the Middle East before...Arab nation fought Arab nation and Persian nation...that's been going on forever.  But this Arab vs Jew conflict was created by the UN.  Too bad the UN doesn't step up and try to fix this.That said, the real question is this.  If the Arab forces (all...including the extremists) put down their arms and worked for a political solution, what would happen?  Would the Israel Army attack? Most likely not.  On the other hand, if Israel put down their arms and worked for a political solution, what would happen?  They would most likely be attacked and destroyed.  Think about it.With that in mind, what if the UN decided to draw a "new" line in the desert and said this side is Palestine and this side is Israel?  That would be a start.  As for Jerusalem, make it an International City, not owned or governed by any Country.  Similar to the Vatican, protected by Swiss (neutral) Guards, run by a coalition government that answers to the UN or some other independent governing body.As for the land Israel captured during several wars...that they didn't start.  Too bad so sad...spoils of war...that all becomes part of the total land division between Israel and the new Palestine.  Seriously...if you start a fight and lose your ball...you can't say.."Oh, my bad.  Can I have my ball back so I can go home?"  I mean really...One more thing.  North and South Korea have been "at peace" for a long time now, despite the Wacko North.  If they can keep from fighting, Middle East peace is possible.  The North Korean Regime makes the radical Arabs look SANE!

You Can Not Negotiate with a Fractured Religion....israel your up....LOLOLOLOL...

Everything I have said here was in the news I made none of this up ....

The Zionist paid keyboard typists are out in force the last couple of days spreading lies and misinformation as usual.

These hardline Zionists are worst enemies of Jewish nation.

The Arab rulers are still waiting for Israel to free the Palestinians.  Israel will not have peace in Middle East because peace to the Zionists translates to land retraction, contrary to the quark of the Zionists goal in Palestine. Israel was built on the principle of land theft. If you carefully study the Zionists history from the Muslim point of view, they have never adhered to contracts. Oslo agreement was abandoned by Sharon who is now a body without life similar to the Pharos of Egypt who followed Moses and drowned in the Red Sea. According to the Koran, Pharos body was salvaged from the sea and preserved to be the living example of satanic ruler. Peace to the Zionists is lose of land.  Similar to Jesus whom the Zionists delivered to the Roman because he tried to deter them away from materialism, Isaac Rabin tried to have peace with the Palestinians and ended up drowned in the sea of Zionism. There have been many years since Oslo agreement and there will be many more years to come and yet the Zionists will still falsely crying security pretext to deceive the world. Israel will not consume the Palestinians into her society as citizens or give them the 1967 border for a state. That who believe one day the Zionist will have peace in Middle East is an illusionist. Moreover, the Arab rulers have embarked on the road map, the fantasy of land for peace ignoring the Zionists history to predict future peaceful breakthrough. They have created a fantasy of one thousand and one nights. The possibility of conditioning Israel next generation toward peace is a laughable goal. These rulers have forgotten that the Zionists are not searching for security. The Zionists are after land, real state. The Arab rulers offer land for peace does not benefit Israel.  Israel does not need more peace while Jordan and Egypt protect her borders. She will never consider peace until she lives the sate that demands peace.

BEST IDEA OF THE DAY,,,hey israel drive them filthy PALIS away,,,,FOREVERMinority Jewish rule in the territory has never been nor ever will be sustainable !!  Demographics will never be to their advantage !!

anyone realize the settlements being built by Israel is on land they stole from palestinians homeowners??  yes-they march them pretty much at gunpoint out of there homes then demo´d them and rebuilt upon the area.  imagine how #$%$ you would be if our govt did the same to you.what was agreed upon in treaty after treaty through international law specified israels rights and entitlements in terms of land.  palestinians were granted no rights and whenever israel run out of land to build more settlements on, they instigate rocket launches on its own territory via palestinian youth rallies which are created when israel unlawfully evicts these peoples families and burn there crops.  it is used as a propaganda tactic to sympathize with israel when in truth-all of us are being led by the true agreessor-believe it-take the time to research it.  its there-

In reality, the establishment of the state of Israel is delusional and based upon the foundation of Judeo-Christian Military industrial COMPLEX and all the strange complexes that established the Human Rights violating action of UN Resolution 181 Segregation Pact, which is a terrible crime against Humanity, because it has drove 65 years of Askenazi occupation and settlements in the Land of Palestine and with assistance from Western hegemony nations, became a heavily armed Judeo-Christian regime that actively engages in ethnically-cleansing the Askenazi-occupied territories of its native Palestinian constituents so that the "democratic vote" is askewed towards Askenazi favoritism. Ugly UGLY racist-geopolitics, and amazingly it's "free thinking" Westerners and Judeo-Christians most brainwashed on this subject.

Lieberman is all about the politics of refusal and hate. Not only does this old fool need to go, he needs a shrink too. Crazy old NAZI.

"Leader", damn Moldovian land squatter needs to be back home, Palestine is for the natives.

I agree with Lieberman, though we may see it a bit differently, but The Anti-Christ, Satan, and his followers will never truly seek Peace with The Jewish People. Satan does not know how to love The Family that JESUS CHRIST came out of or anyone else for that matter, but he hates GOD, HIS SON JESUS And Followers of CHRIST. This hatred and jealousy of THE CREATOR and HIS Creation will always be. That is until THE LORD JESUS THE SAVIOR Comes and settles things : )That is your land Israel, so build on and THE LIVING GOD OF THE BIBLE be with you.

It's good to see reality finally being is accepted by some Israelis. Israel says the Palestinians refuse to accept Israel's right to exist. Yet Israel refuses the Palestinian's right to exist by taking their land from them and continuously building settlements on land that was set aside for the Palestinian state by the 1947 UN charter that created Israel! Israel should enjoy what little piece they know now. Piece is not on their agenda. Israel will once again be destroyed sooner or later because of their own arrogance and stupidity and greed.

Hey Yo Today is 2013 AD..Not BC.....Getting along with others is a Good move Killing Rock Throwers is a Bad Move ...can ya Dig it..????

Palistinians will only be satisfied (and only for a brief moment) when all the Jews in the Middle East are dead and they rush in to claim all the land and property. Then the Palestinian in-fighting and killing over this land begins...

The Jewish zealots expansionist and provocateurs are delusional to think their lecherous treachery will ever bring them peace !!It's a shame the kenyen is to a scared to flip israel off.....

The only j-e-w- that speaks honestly !!!SAD, but TRUE.ABBAS , Hamas is right !Your " negotiating" policies have failed !!!

The Israeli's wont want peace until there is a real battle fiels stalmate. Its just the way war is. Why sue for peace when you are strong and can take whatever you want?

LET THEM DEAL WITH EACHOTHER!

(F)(u)(c)(k) isreal.

Children of Israel are prohibited to have a state of their own. The origin of this prohibition goes back to the time of Moses and was imposed by the lord of Moses. The children of Israel of that era caused countless disobedient and disbelieves and brought upon themselves this wrath. This is exactly what the Jewish Rabbis say. Their history is full of shameful events. The Holocaust is not a myth. It is reality that the Jews brought upon themselves. Much worst is ahead of them if they do not stop their disbelieves and continue their arrogant behavior as before.The only solution to peace on Earth is for Israel to go back to the border before 1948. This responsibility is now on America to enforce. America will be rewarded by the Lord of Moses for making this appropriate border adjustment. America can also be punished severely by the same power if they keep supporting this cruel and oppressing nation.The matter of fact is that the Jews can live in 100% security, happiness and prosperity in this world under the Islamic flag. If they also wish to have prosperity in the hereafter, then they must beg for forgiveness of Allah for the heinous crime that their ancestors committed by crucifying Jesus; they must acknowledge the prophet hood of Jesus and Muhammad and follow the message that was revealed to them. They will find Allah, the Lord of Moses, Jesus and Muhammad, the most Merciful, the most Forgiving and the most Compassionate. By Allah, this is the best advice for the Jews and for America.The worst enemies of the Jews are the Jews

Breach of Trust and Fraud Charges Jews go figure....

But it will be nice to watch israel Sweat for once....Haaaaaaa

God say be nice to your neighbours specially when you steal from them

The conflict must be "Managed" the Jewish zealot Lieberman say !!  Yeah right !!  70 years of never ending conflict with no end in sight....  That's some management  !!Left hand right hand tactics,,

Bi Bi is Delusional by the very statements in this and other stories like it..Bi Bi just said he Wants Peace and will give it to Palestine for a Billion Dollars.

Go America...without israel we'd be in better digs today.......

ישראל בקרוב תושמד.

Let's hope they vaporize all the islamists! (Except the gay ones! They're kinda yummy!)

They are delusional because this guy will fight against them as much as he can and will try his hardest to make sure they will never get a chance.

Good, Izrahell can now attack Iran.  Russia will then drop the "Father of all Bombs" on Tel Aviv.  That bomb does not need to hit anything other than their Iron Dome to destroy most of Tel Aviv in one shot.  Good luck, Anti-Christ Izrahell.

Move to Mars and there will be peace.

The present Israeli Govt is just doing their usual ONE &amp; TWO STEP about their PEACE PROCESS.The Canaanites went thru the same horrors thousands of years ago.  Same situation with the JUEWS...

Thank goodness there is not any extreme Jewish terrorist who would not want peace....ooh wait a second.Kach and Kahane Chai, you know the fanatic Jewish Terrorist group that committed the Cave of the Patriarchs massacre in 1994. GOOGLE ITNow take a wild guess who has been linked to that group as a member......Drum Roll......Avigdor FREAKING Lieberman!!!Nice try there you fanatical Zionist beatch, nice to see a member of a (US recognized) terrorist group is still part of the Israel Govt. (go figure Jewish Terrorist Fanatics in the Israel Govt.) stating there will never be peace!!!GOOGLE Kach and Kahane ChaiGOOGLE Cave of the Patriarchs massacreDoes that sound like people who want peace as well???/He's absolutely correct. Proof is everywhere you look. Jews living in Palestinian territory is unacceptable to the PA, known as the "settlement issue". Isn't this Apartheid???? If the jews kicked out the Palestinians from Israeli territory, isn't that what the world would be screaming? What's also obvious is that the Palestinians have every intention one day of kicking all of the Jews out of Israel. They teach to their kids daily (see the PMW website for evidence of this. They monitor what the PA shows their kids on PA television). That's why they'll never acknowledge that Israel is a Jewish State. So are building apartments really the issue? It's a big NO!

These people have nothing more to do then fight over the past 2,000 years or so. All about religion???? No, its what they do.

Time to do the right as we did before in WW2 and work for justice. We helped Israel when it was weak and its time we do the same with the pales.

Lieberman is correct.. Muslims cant achieve peace with in their own faith... how can they achieve peace any where else... and the concept of jihad is to war against the sinful nature in ones self... Muslims have tossed this concept of civil religion right out the window with the baby and the bath water... no there will never be peace with a Muslim.... they are demonic

There are none who desire peace more than the Israelis.Israel has made sacrifices in the past, giving up land that rightfully belongs to them, and still there has been no peace. They have made agreements with the PLO who has not kept one single stipulation while demanding that Israel fulfill all their stipulations. The fact  is that the Palestinians do not want peace; they want the Jewish people to be destroyed. Israel has no partner in wanting peace. The Palestinians have more money per capita than the Arabs of any Arab nation, but the money goes to the top and to weapons and the people are kept in poverty, by their own Palestinian Authority in order to continue to generate sympathy from the nations. You can only have peace with someone who also wants peace. Lieberman has had the courage to speak the truth. With no partner for peace, this conflict can only be managed.

we are at peace ...

Hey take the diamonds away what'ya got another poor nation of people...Haaaaaaaa

Netanyahu and Israel is just a guilty and any Islamic Terrorist the are both the same

"... breach of trust and fraud charges."Such a nice resume, from which to be an "influentual leader"

Of course because Israel is master-race and can only achieve peace by killing all Palestinians...The '67 borders are not fantasy, they are a dream gone bye bye.If they wanted those borders they should have asked for them in May '67.The earliest borders will be the 2013 borders or later.FACT

Of course it's 'delusional' Israel has stated already they want ALL the land.

Look at what Jews have given the intelectual world and what the muslim arab has given.... and yes I need spell check

Organized-racist Jewry (AIPAC-ADL) Commies out here in full display with their repulsive racist comments 24/7. A well funded group of criminals no doubt.

Muslims like Obama want to control the world...It is all based on submitting to their rule over the individual and the freedom that person has..Look at the awful Sheria law...That is made to make women second class citizens..Its really no different of how Obama feels about the GOP and republican party..The opposition gets in the way of his rule which is all Obama and Muslim men care about...Power and control over the individual.

Lets see, Jew doc or muslim doc??? tough choice on that one

IF the Pals Hamas led government didn't have such a deep rooted hatred for Jews/Israeli's/Christians/and so forth and could control thier people who they have living in squalor there might be something to talk about. But as it stands I agree peace IS a delusional thought.

TMD Please help your friend and give a him a good  MD licking. The Palestinians will not be driven out again from their land you need to recognize that peace is in the best interest of Israel when it is on pales terms

Wishful dreams. Not happening. Too many decent people are around to allow such large scale atrocities. It sounds like we few Hitleriats posting today

Some say 67 boarders is a fantasy. I say only facts in life are death and taxes. The rest is pure speculation.You know this land belongs to the pales. Of course no thief will willing return stolen properties

Go Read the story

i left the last comment board a moment ago,,and it was saying Israel wants peace..Now thisIs Media trying to confuse everybody now with two versions of every story that are both lies.What is their Motive Now,,they have some agenda they are not telling us.

great movie on the subject "5 broken cameras".  anyone who is confused as to what Israel is doing to the Palestinians should watch this movie.  It is a great tool in order for you determine that Isreal is doing whatever they can to ensure that there will be no peace.  Great movie...was up for best documentary at the Oscars.  Give it a view and enlighten yourselves.

Just because 90% of Americans side with Israel doesn't make them right !! It's more of the same hawkish mentality that makes gun control so tough to legislate &amp; enforce !!! The horror of war continues !!! Melt the guns !!!

The Israel / Palestine question could be resolved in 1 day, without politicians, without moreUS taxpayer dollars, without more money being given to the banksters and weapons manufacturers, without more blood being shed.The Palestinians and Israelis will each select a team for a Maori Haka competition to be held in an area between the Western Wall and the Dome of the Rock.Judges for the competition will be composed of an Independent  International group ofChildren, under the age of 9.The winner of the competition takes all disputed land. Decision of the Judges is final.If you think this solution sounds "delusional", consider the delusions of the past 64+ years continuing.Discuss. . . .

The same goes for  the Torah

Typical israeli jew... "we can't reach peace because we are jews and we need and want everything..... FOR FREE..

They deserve the 67 boarders

Jesus said to the jews:John 8:44 New International Version (NIV)44 "You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies."Yes, I know that chapter well. Jesus is speaking to the Pharisees, not all jews. Just the evil leaders &amp; rulers that were perverting God's laws.Palestinians want peace?  Even after every person is eliminated from the world but one Palestinian, that one will argue with himself until his last breath is taken.

The israeli governement is stupider than the us's. if you try to take over people's houses, they don't like you. it's common sense

Many can argue the Jews were invented too

you maggots will never live in peace, all your kind does is Beg,Steal,and Murder....All you so called chosen rats will burn in hell with your Father, Hitler/Satan!!!

I wish Palestinians peace and I hope that Israel learns that the trauma they underwent in the Holocaust should never be repeated, even if the group is Hamas.  Violating Human rights is the same whether side A or Side B.

The Ju guy is a man of peace for sure. All of them in Israel are like him and they accuse the Arab of being against peace. When Israel stop killing and stealing land and ethnic cleansing people form thier land then peace is possible through negotiation. But that's not going to happen without forceful international response to hate emanating from Israel.

Isn't this monument to hatred and racism under arrest for theft or embezzelement or some other crime???

The Torah commands people to rape

Peace is going to happen on pales terms if israel wants to survive past 2048

If peace is  'delusional' , that is left only war. Israel will never give back land it stole without war. Palestina get ready for war.We need more like this Ju moron so the world can understand the hate being pushed by the Zionists

GO JEWS&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  #1 &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;

Yes this Zionist country does not have any rights on West Bank. I agree-----Israel has no legal right to the West Bank. Already, Palestine is recognized as a legit state outside of Israel. Israel is in violation of International laws that Israel agreed to when they willingly joined the UN. Jews are THE most hypocritical types on the planet. The Jewish double standard thrives only thru bribery and extortion. Crimes they will pay for very soon.

The theiving ZioNazi Commies are the ones that hinder, obstruct peace.

israel must give back the stolen land and release all prisoners of war

No Jewish/Israel = No land grabber bloodsucking Zionist regime= No Occupier=No secret killer=No Palestinians blood=No poison supplier=No illegal request=No unfair support=No nuclear weapon=No united nation regulation breaker=No aid our tax paid money=No Zionist regime=Peace on earth

State of Israel as known as Zionist occupier--------this bloodsucking Zionist regime killing thousands of innocent people and occupies Palestinian’s land. World just need another Hitler.

The GREEDY Jew, they will suck every oz of blood out the Palestinians.

How dare him a fake kazzar Jew continue stealing pales land. It is time to get this mule and shut him up or send him to prison for good