HTMN- Can you name one company/industry that is in business not to make a profit?Of course, not counting  one in never never land or any other make believe world.

LET  US  TAKE  A  MOMENT  to  mourn  the passing of  the LOCAL  PHARMACY as  a part of our  cultural, social, and economic landscape.

I will be watching RAD

Yes, CVS fell, but was up 0.08 in after hour trading. Tuesday you may see a rise before CVS on Wednesday at 0830 hrs reports their earnings that will be higher from top to bottom. Pay attention, you heard it from me.

The most hard core drug addicts need medication to simply stay alive.

Proof that no, these companies are NOT truly into their business for the welfare of those who shop their at all...they are using all for a revenue base and NOTHING MORE...no matter how they pathetically attempt to spin their tale.

Notice how they leave big pharma alone? or is it just me?

We need to put camming medication in the water, pll need to calm down, focus on the  positives, relax it should be it the law

lot of people get their drugs on a street corner

Rite Aid is the pony to ride right now, but you need to go in at $1.30 and then drop out by $1.60 (if it hits that).  Kmart did the same thing in the 90s and lots of money can be made on this loser--but you have to day trade it to squeeze the dollars out.Who  will sell first, Wasson...Soros,  or you "muppets"...lemmings?

This stock is a POS (not to be confused with point of sale)...any word yet how WAG is trending under last years comps for december?

If the recent gains by Wag are based on them turning around their miserable comps. you are going to be sorely disappointed by nov. sales figures.

With respect to chain pharmacies and "supprise internal audits" of narcotics and finances.....if the staff knows in advance that there might be an audit...it is no supprise.  Wonder what would happen if audits and reviews were by external sources covering more than just a few months...?

Rite Aid probably needs new management. They have over one thousand stores and every year they lose money. Never has there been a retail pharmacy chain in the history of U.S.that has lost money like this company. It must be mismanagement or some other odd circumstance.

cvs appears to have much better management than walgreen's. Walgreen's seems to be tieddown by a business model which is a carryover from the original Walgreen family.

Rite Aid is so pinched from an expense perspective that they can't even keep their shelves stocked, presumably because of payroll. I have shopped at a couple nearby stores. The people who they chose to represent their company's image are covered with tattoos, facial (not ear) piercings and can be seen walking around and talking to each other with no sense of urgency to get products filled on the shelf. I walked into one just yesterday and most of their cooler with milk and soft drinks was 3/4 empty and a shift supervisor was sitting on a box talking about non-work-related stuff in the middle of the sales floor with some random person. How can you improve sales if you don't have product on the shelf to sell the customers? Why are your shelves empty, perhaps you have something people like to buy, why not break a sweat and get it out? As a retail manager, I can't see why someone would want to shop there, work there and in turn invest in their company.

Walgreens CEO Greg Wasson who's pay has doubled from $6 million to $12 million in just 3 years, is shoving all low level managers out the door. Then throw in the fact the stock has tumbled under his watch. Who believes in this guy.

Rite  Aid = BK

CVS &amp; Rite Aid up from acquiring business lost by Walgreens.   Walgreens up from cutting staff due to business lost to CVS &amp; Rite Aid.Feeling RAD may soon pop big time due to turn-around or bought-out!  $3+ for  turn-around or $5+ for bought-out.

Rite Aid by year end $2.50