She's gotta be outa her mind.

And he's been winning again lately. Hmmmmm.

Someone take the trash out, something stinks....

Bet her daddy feels REAL good about this,,

OH good grief. How stupid can a woman be

Why did she choose a well-documented philanderer??  Another good girl takes a nose-dive into the mud.. such a waste!!  So disappointed in her!!

But she looks so clean cut and wholesome.  I wonder........

Lindsey could have done so much better than this. What's she want, to be another one of many women who have been cheated on by Tiger?

Just A Clone Of His X Wife !

It's her problem now...........when he runs around and beats the #$%$ out of her...........don't worry they will be on the news soon.He won't date black women because they won't put up with his wondering eye.

and she's ended her marriage??? why???...wants to play also, she found the right one in Tiger, they deserve each other

How low can she go?

Will she straighten out his putter

If that's the case....then this little girl reminds of every "Dumb-Blonde" joke I've ever heard !

Hopefully Tiger will keep his golf clubs under lock and key.

Money motivates.......

What's up with this guy and common looking blondes?

eww, he seems like he might be full of all kinds of communicable diseases

Someone should tell Tiger a ski-pole can do a lot of damage.She is a downhill skier.

In the picture, she's holding a big phallic symbol with the word "head" on it. LOL!

Thank Goodness for the Info. The WORLD is a much better place now.

I quit putting women on a pedestal many years ago .

She definitely going "downhill".......

Lindsey be sure both of  you  take the hiv test remember one partner equals  thousands of sex partners with would be at least a million for for tiger GRRRRR.

A good skiier with her taste in her butt.

Hey, if I had his money I'd avoid those angry black women too...

I thought she had more class than this.

Gee, I wonder if any porn stars will show up in the press that they broke up with Tiger after reading this?Another gold-digging bottle blonde who's playing him for the fool he is.

She is the only one for him. He'll never look at another woman. He has put his past behind him. Blah - blah - blah.......

Doesn't it make you gag?

He doesn't like black women.

WHY????

Fore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If he didn't have money she wouldn't be with him.She will get screwed around on just like the last one

Good for them!  May they find happiness together.

OMG, can one imagine what her parents are now going through?  Whew!

Are Lohan and Vonn related???Meet the new friends of the Obamas'.

Lindsey Vonn needs her butt kicked right up between her teeth. and Tiger Woods needs his THING cut off!

OMG, can you just picture them naked together?  Think I'm going to vomit.....

Whoa, so many young dudes available and she picks TW?  Interesting...

A Tiger never changes it stripes. Never!

And this is earth-shattering news because???????  There are a ton more important issues out there that REALLY matter!

Maybe her real last name is Kardasian

Tiger is giving it to her good. He got his stroke back.

Well....Some ones coming to dinner.......

Tiger has that stupid smile that says "that's right I'm tagging Lindsey and have conquered her moguls." Tiger you lucky dog you.She just ruined her name and career and added herself to a long list of tigers high paid call girls.Disgusting,she must not be able to ski anymore so she'll put her legs up for tiger instead! Better get a STD blood test asap! LOL

Vonn knows exactly what she is getting in TW. So this one is on her.  I won't feel sorry for her should we find out Tiger is fooling around.

Better keep an eye on him Lindsey. He's probably bangin' 7 other white women too!

instead of the gold...vonn now goes down on the bl a  ck...

Hope she's had all her shots....

Tiger was hit by by 9 iron.  Is a ski next?

Like Father like Son.

She must be desperate.

Tiger does not date, he F's them!

Who gives a flying %&amp;#&amp;......got himself another white girl, no wonder his golf game has improved.

I never liked Vonn much before, so this just cements my first impressions.

Shouldn't it be "Lindsey is dating and Tiger is cheating."?

DOODY BIRDS!

I wonder how it feels to be hit on the head with a ski pole.

From the pan and into the fire, Lindsy's going to eat you alive... you are not very good at this are you Tiger?

not interested in the love life of a moody golfer.

Be careful of STDs Lindsey!

No ebony lovin' for that jigger.

A #$%$/Shine with all that Cash = White Women !Can a Denny's Slam be far behind...

I have nothing nice to say so I will not say anything .

Another worthless piece of white trash!  Didn't realize it before.

Where all da white women at!

Another one bite's the dust and I thought she was a smart girl, too.

I thought Lindsey had some self respect:I was wrong!

More useless information that AP is trying to disguise as news.

With his history it has to be for the money

Lindsey Vonn - dumb blonde, or gold digger? You be the judge.

Because he can.Lindsey Vonn, YOU ARE A DISGUSTING PIG.

Another dumb blond...number 16 and counting

Is she out of her mind?

Marry him and then dump him a get a large cash settlement from him like Elin did. Set for life! If ya have a kid from him then that's extra cash! Love got nothing to do with it.

I once was a HUGE Vonn fan, but not anymore!

A jig &amp; a pig.

Elin was a lot hotter, but perhaps Lindsey is kinkier.

I'm sure Vonn's parents are just thrilled . /s

Blondes have been trouble in the past for O.J. and Tiger. He needs to change his luck and go for a redhead or brunette. I do wishing him well on his come back in golfing.

He may be a cheating TOOL - but at least he has good taste....Oh, thank God! I'll be able to sleep tonight.

Yes please keep everything else private Lindsey and we'll see how that works out for you.

Wow now he can get his windows broken wit ski poles, Lindsey get ready

Dear Ms. Vonn.Read me now and believe me later, when he gets over your blond hair and fair skinYou will be treated like Mrs. Woods the First.He fell for the package, not the contents.And, Ms. Vonn you bought it just like Mrs. O.J. did.Have you seen a picture of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas' wife.  Check it out.Never a redhead.  Always a blond.  How un P.C. to point it out but, the phenomena is REAL.

His Wife was WAYYY HOTTER I think

I know what he sees in her but all she sees is green.

She had better keep a lock on his man parts or she will be sharing them with another 13 ladies of the night.

Black men sure do like blonde white women.

Well, he certainly seems to have a "type."  Seriously this is good news but ti does not answer the questions as to who, not whom in the singular, he is actually sleeping with?

And I thought she was smart!Have you noticed in the media the many pairs of black men and blond white women? Ever wonder why? We don't see black women and blond white guys.

Well, guess this just proves that it doesn't take much in the way of brains to be a champion downhill skier.

She must be one those women who believe in trying to convert a cheating man into a faithful man, trying to teach him about real love, companionship, loyalty; him being rich and famous helps. There are a lot of women like her…

How much damage can a Ski do on an Escalade?

Well, black women are "safe" around Tiger...

While I had been a fan of Vonn, I now see this photo up there and can't seem to get out of my mind that she looks a bit like Elin if Elin had been to the all-you-can-eat buffet about 50 times. This just goes to show you that Tiger truly is channeling Bill Clinton...until the next cocktail/diner waitress comes along...

Once a cheater, always a cheater.  Don't cry, Lindsey, when Tiger is caught with another VIP #$%$"tail hostess...

Another Lindsey..........well, that explins some of it!

Da bro loves his blonds!

obama is jealousIsn't it amazing how the majority of famous black guys DON'T go for black women?  Why?

cant wait for vonn to bust a ski over woods head.

I needed a good laugh today!

OMG! Something about "Tiger" and those Blondes, huh?  Cant you give a " Soul Sister "  a chance?  Think his "playa" days are over? LMAO

A(s)shole #$%$

"Go in the hole!"

Does she have to fly coach when she goes to see him?

New member of The 19th hole club.

If the lying cheater has money than philandering is okay?

Did she work at Perkins Resaurant?I wonder how well this'll resonate with the black girls?

Typical successful black man, sellout for a white woman.

I have to agree with all of the below. LMAO

I guess she took one too many falls while skiing.

Hey Vonnsie, anything for money????????????????????? The guy is a degenerate.......

Lindsey really? The guy is a pig. Doesn't say much for your judgement.

Well, you know his past...I guess you will get what you get, Lindsay

What a fool.....

Marriage is built on TRUST.  With that and what she knows about Tiger, she must not be playing with a full deck!

He seems to definately have a major thing for white women.....I think if I were her, before I got involved he would be having some major blood work done...I wouldn't touch him with a ten foot pole until I knew he wasn't going to give me something I couldn't wash off....Does that mean they are having internal sex???  Maybe that means they are dating as brother and sister, oh wait, that can't be.

I wonder if she dresses as a cheap #$%$ when they are alone.

This will not end well.

You know that Black fairy tale that all black men claim there putter is the biggest. She will find out and may be disappointed. He may have the seafood deluxe

What nationality is she?  The article doesn't mention that.  Austrian?

and in the pre nups it says 'you thought a golf club was bad?  try a ski'.................

Guess Tiger thinks that black chicks are just too mean and ugly to date.

I guess if you're that rich... you can buy any white girl you want....

Blonde...Go figure....Oh it's my chance ...nobody's looking....What do a blonde &amp; a cow pie have in common ?The older they are , the easier they are to pick up.OK...You've heard it.

Wait, did I miss something? When did Vonn become a #$%$??This story came as a huge shock to the other 25 women Tiger is "dating.exclusively."

Tiger hates black women.

All brought on by you stupid golfers that support this scab, morons

Well, if it is true he does seem to like beautiful, blonde women.

African women need to take a real close look in a mirror and axe themselves why rich African men choose White women.

Tell this guy he's not white and you'll be in for a fight.

Eww.

But will she be able to compete with his porn stars ?

like i always say stick with your own kind ( SPORTS ) it will work out just fine . A banker and INSURANCE people that works - retail and grocery store people that works ( do not date wall mart people they are trash or ghetto ) lawers and doctors yes ( logic in their thinking here ) POST OFFICE PEOPLE ( nutty group of people date only each other ok ) COPS and GOVTMENT FOLKS H YES AT ALL TIMES .AS a retired govt person .I LOVE POLICE WOMEN OF ALL RACES ( lived with a middle east woman for 10 years ) and loved it but her job kept my nerves on edge 24?7 so i left her for peace of mind .

$$$$$$Not the best photo of Lindsey, but she always looks cuter on video. I'd think she would be a good match for Tiger in that she's a very successful pro athlete, she has a rep as an extremely intense competitor [like him]. His ex-wife had done a smattering of modeling, but really never had a career, she was in effect just a kid.

Vonn must be a "dirty" little girl behind the scenes......

She's the champ of going DOWNhill in more than one sport now.

she always wanted to be a single parent

So, Lindsey likes it kinky!  We know Tiger does.

Why is it that men remarried a clone of their first wife?

Get 'im vetted, honey . . .

she must like that black snake, poor girl, I think less of her now

So what was all the publicity about he and his wife getting together this past month. Ms. Vonn is going to find out in short order there's no future in screwing blacks.

ONLY ONE WORD 2 SAY YUK!!!!!!!!!!!!YUK is right

look at her article pic...her talent is written on the ski....

A lot of white women go with black men, this has been going on for some time now. If the sex is that good what do you do after sex? Fight.........I'm not going to date a black woman to try and equal things out, just not my style.

Why??? You ask???Look at the picture. What does it say on her skis???Any more questions??

Funny to see the word "head" next to her in a picture under a headline about who she's giving it to.

I see zebra babies!

..."Both said they wanted to keep everything else private."  Just wanting that opened up a whole new can of paparazzi stalkers!  Shoulda kept your mouths shut!

She's obviously a trophy.  I wonder if he even knows any black women.  There are some pretty gorgeous ones out there -- who probably have enough sense not to get mixed up with this guy.

Two very talented, yet two very dumb people. Perfect for each other.

Its got be money and ignorance they have in common.Wow, Tiger can sure "drive" his "putter" far!  Isn't Tiger half Asian?   Well, he has brought alot of action to the golf course; off too!

This story only reinforces the dumb blond stereotype.   Obviously she never read the headlines about Wife #1 and the multitude of girlfriends, mistresses, sex toys and more that he had over the years.   Love is not only blind but really stupid here.   And then women wonder why they're not taken seriously when it comes to relationships from the 8th level of hell .....................

what moron would want to date a dumb black that cheated on his wife?

I think I'm going to vomit....this is pretty sickening.

He's a sick rich boy.  And I mean mentally sick.

Another future millionaire ex-wife..........

Madison Ave has really done black woman a great injustice! THEY ARE ALSO NICE TO BE AROUND!  Also they are every bit as smart!  The game is rigged- who is in at least half the mag's in front of the check out at the stores?! And who is the biggest claim/ ship jumpers? I'M JUST GLAD NO RICH GREEN(ONE EYED) SPACE MEN HAVE EVER COME TO EARTH!  Has any one noticed as the boat is starting to tip... whats going on? CAN'T BLAME HER EITHER! THE GUY'S WHO ONCE PUT A MAN ON THE MOON ARE NOW *TV FOOLS! IT'S NOT JUST ALWAYS WHO MADE THE MONEY... BUT WHO KEPT IT!*Did anyone ever really think we would wind up with all things equal? DA!

He'll be banging a trailer trash porn star by midnight, good luck. Maybe get him to knock you up and get a payday!!

Why is this NEWS ?

My cheating heart-the song made for this romance. Tiger is still balling all he can and it isn't golf holes.She will eat him alive

She is use to going downhill anyway... This situation should make her reach the bottom even faster. "LOOK-OUT BELOW!!!!!!"

She's "Tainted" now.  .  .

She shouldn't brag about it ! Unless she wants a man that won't respect her.

$$$$$Cha Ching$$$$$...she be hoping for a nice settlement in a couple of years...no doubt.

Slow news day...

I thought Lindsey Vonn had better taste and sense.

I bet she thinks "He'll never cheat on me. I'm special." SURPRISE!

That ain’t no Tiger, he’s a Lion Cheetah

What a dumb blonde.  Two losers.Obviously she has no self-respect!

One over-sexed maniac monster that should have his weenie cut off and one more stupid white #$%$ blonde that out to whave her butt kicked right up between her teeth. Just another throw-a-way for Tiger Woods!

What's she doin' with that Bum?

WHO CARES!

SO WHAT!!!

Looks like Tiger has made a good trade.

I just lost all respect for Vonn.

News flash Vonn is Tiger Woods new high priced Ho.......

Unlike that 7 iron that Elin got ya with, that ski pole has a point on it Tiger, and she goes downhill fast...

doe's she put her dog on a leash when she walks him.?Will they wait to have sex before they are married?

Another unfortunate example of how the good guys lose in our society...

Think she has taken to many falls. Why get mixed up in his drama. Won't last.

An aging balding black man, divorced due to sleeping with porn stars, pole dancers and Dennys waitresses.  What's in it for a blonde?

It seems that the majority of posters are clueless. He is primarily Asian.

white trim...the forbidden fruit

Trophy Girlfriend

WHO CARES !!

Once it ends - he will be peeping in her window like OJ

heh heh....Lindsy must be a little bit more "open minded" than tiger's previous woman....if ya get what I mean.women today want the village bicycle.

When blacks get a taste of vanilla, they don't like chocolate anymore. Too bad this girl doesn't have good taste in men. What a looser!

And I used to respect the young lady.

Vonn, whose maiden name is Kildow, decided to keep Vonn as her last name after the divorce...as her goal is to make money and f  u  c  k  everyone over that is in her way ...

No one ever said she was smart.

C'mon, Lindsey!  For Christ's sake!  You don't need this... pos!

How come Tiger Woods has never been seen with a black woman or any other race except white, blonde, blue-eyed women? Is Tiger Woods a self-hating black man? I hate to see when a lot of black guys get success, they seem to stay away from black women and only want white women. I guess they feel that's the image of perfection that the fashion magazines sell. A real pity.

I don't think most white girls are aware that most black guys are just using them as brood sows to try to eliminate the white race. I have heard this come from black males. One way to tell, and it's almost always, the dad won't stick around, and help raise the child. Let welfare pay for it.

He cheated on his wife and the mother of his two children with a Denny's waitress and two dozen other women, but he won't cheat on me ???

Lindsey apprears so clean cut.  This may end based on Tiger's trashy backgound!I thought Vonn was married........... guess I was mistaken, looking forward to seeing Tiger on the ski slopes, all the best to both

Doesn't he date anyone besides blondes?

I always liked Lindsey Von until about 5 minutes ago. Another stupid American female.

The "TOP" dumb blond!

Interracial dating is not good!

I hope she likes his putter.

OK woods keep it in your pants this time. Lindsey is a great lady and athlete. Treat this one with respect.

Tiger probably told her that he did a confession and asked for forgiveness. He is born again now and all his sins are gone.

To each ....their own!

WHAT A STUPID B$#%&amp;H.PS: the song .... Money money money,,,, money!!

She just found out his black part is the right part.

Reminds me of King Kong, disgusting.

Tiger you just don't get it do you.

dam good taste in women dude .

gross

TIGER U ARE AT IT AGAIN MY SON MY SON GOOD GOOD for the two of you kid .

Black boy needing his white bed pardner.  White girl eyeing the MONEY.

Money is the key factor in this relationship .A dog that eats eggs will never stop eating eggs even if his tongue is burned .

One more white chick fning a ni*****r.If she is the influence that raised his game from the toilet, God bless her.

Does he spring for taco's at the drive thru at the Bell?

When his career slumps, all that happens is he loses a few balls.....now hers means a broken neck or back...or death.  Best of luck girlie.

Wonder how long it will be before he cheats on her?

He likes that yellow hair-doesn't he? More rich little mixed children in his future.

ANOTHER  " WHITE TROPHY". CONGRA!!!!!!!!!!!!!.

Tiger found the one woman who is actually whiter than his first wife and I thought that was impossible.

black women should be outraged,tiger said black women dont have what it takes!!!!

Yo go Tiger! This is your business and your business only.  Everybody else, eat your heart out!

What the heck is she thinking??now, clue me in all of you multiculturalists out there.  is she dating the black tiger, the asian tiger or the bit of white tiger. now, he, by his own admittance is a bit of all of them.  so, i know some of the black folk are mad he isn't with a woman of afro descent,.....................but, who knows when that might come about.

Its ok Lindsay, once this fails - you can always pose nude in Penthouse for money

Once a cheater.....always a cheater.

Are all you proud blacks happy to see another "brother" turn his back on his race to go with a white girl?  What's the matter aren't you black ladies good enough?  Guess not!

sure looks a lot like his ex.

Why dont anyone date or marry black women?  And if they impregnate them, why dont they provide for them?  What is wrong with them?

lindsey's parents are so proud..."she always grabbed the drumstick at the holiday table, she says she likes the dark meat, " her mother was quoted as saying...

Disgusting

why do women always go for the nice guys?  ha ha.

Just the thing to get his game back on track.Low self esteem or  she yearns for public attention......

.......at least she's not a Kartrashian!

Dont care.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

His past history has  not taught Lindseyt Vonn anything. Don't start crying when you get bit!

Resembles his ex, Elin.....

Why Lindsey why?

She is going downhill faster than she skies. White women just love abuse.

I ain't saying she's a gold digger!

Any woman that could date a guy with his kind of history has issues. There are so many other fish in the sea!!! What is so special about him??

I wonder how long this will last before she beats Tiger's #$%$ with a ski pole?it may be allright now but what happens when he is on one side of the country and she is off sking somewhere where there is no golf. I no he just didn't quit just having one

He seams to like the white girls. A black lady would not put up with his #$%$.  Remember there lady. Ones you go black. You will never go back.  That's because you will never be welcomed back.

I wish them all the best!

I just don't get it why does he only date white woman is he prejudice against Black woman he is a PIG

out of 97 people i love what he doing with women and i taught my grown sons and nepherws to use a tennis racket to get over with NON AMERICAN WOMEN and it works 4 them .

The EU is going to raid peoples bank accounts to pay for their socialist programs &amp; this kind of #$%$ is important? GOD help us!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Hope she likes being cheated on. Schedule weekly std checks.

No more majors now the end is near

Lot of people would do anything for more money

Another money grubbing woman, imagine that, oldest profession in the world !yeah, this will end well.

Now don't go sticking your stick in different holes aging  .

I am no longer a fan of Lindsey Vonn.

STOOPID!!!!!

Dumb Blond Jokes anyone?

in other news, coke tastes a lot like pepsi...

who cares....this is about as interesting as whoever the Kardashians are currently slutting around with...

I thought she and Tebow were an item?  I guess not.  Perhaps we'll be hearing soon of Tebow hooking up with Serena Williams.

I hope they have a great time together.  Look at the learning and precision golf takes--and the fall from grace...I'm pretty sure Tiger learned his lesson to stick to one...gal pal.He's a lucky man--Lindsey doesn't seem like a judgemental person who needs a single penny from him nor expects his past to be as white as the driven snow.

Tiger is just as human, and flawed, as any one else. He deserves a chance to be forgiven, and a chance to pursue a happy life. Maybe he has gotten his act together. Maybe the pain of divorce, and the public humiliation of his past behavior, has helped him to become a better man.Time will tell, so let's not pass judgement on the man just yet.Best wishes to the couple.

They deserve each other.

better make it with him because there won't be a lot of white guys coming around her now!!! What a loser #$%$.

Every white woman in America is taught from kindergarten up to worship nigqer males and to fk them whenever possible.    That's now the new American credo.

This epitomizes America's new ideal.   ROFL!!    You AXED FO' IT.    Liberals, you taught her well.    She's the luckiest white woman in America because no one can accuse her of being "racist".   LOL!!   Let's hope 'da nigqah, fo' her sake, hung like a ski.

Me...A dumb blonde.

Me...A dumb blonde.

Why? Flesh, glamor and money. Next question...

She should give him a six month grace period before she starts checking his texts.

Really, who gives a rats #$%$!!!!!!!Tiger likes those pretty blonds and who can blame him.  He is a reformed man.

She just loves his short game!

which one will hurt more? A nine iron or a ski?

Does Lindsey know this guys a cheetah??(lost his tiger ranking on errors in judgment with Elin).   Lookin forward to all in the chuckles in future COMMENTS on yahooooooooo. lol

Hey , lighten up folks . Tigers been looking for a nice girl that can make pickled herring

Chalk up another blonde to da brothers!

She has probably slept with stud ski racers all over the world.  Why Eldrick?  It's obvious -- the media and publicity for a waning career.  The Kardashian complex.

So sweet!! Dumb chick and horse tooth jacks$$!!

Good for them!  It is no one else's business.  So stick it you nay sayers.

Easy Target eh Lindsay,She is used to going downhill.

She saw his driver

I guess she doesn't know the whole story !

I wish happiness for them.  Everyone deserves that, including the people who are so unhappy that they wish something else.

Why don't he date another #$%$? Do they stink that bad???????

They are not dating, they are fornicating.   Does she need the money?  What else would she see in that creep?

Why doesnt he date a woman of "traditional African" beauty? With nappy hair, thick lips, 2" diameter nostrils, cesspool breath, bubbies sagging down to the knees----HAHAHAHAH AFRICAN "BEAUTY"---just another hood rat on the make for da why-wimmenz

Disgusting.............................................

another WHITE CHICK going after a BROTHER with MONEY!  What a waste.

Another highly successful woman goes out of her way to enter into a self destructive endeavor. There has to be some kind of void in their emotional maturity that leads them down this road.Perfect. Shes a pig and hes a Pig Farmer. Lookin good Lindsey. Do you you really want to added to the list of Slobs hes been with? Load up on the Valtrex honey. Yuuuk Toooey!

Woods does know that there are other women besides white blonds out there right ? Another golddigger

Despite foibles in his personal life before, I love to watch Tiger golf and am very happy for him that he's finally getting himself together on and off the course.

Tiger has the ultimate number 2 eating grin on his face.  Vonn must be giving him some dynamite beejays.

run Linsey run!  I don't think very much of her anymore!

I think she's been skiing without a helmet.

Guess the shaft of his putter must have gotten her excited.

Better get some STD TESTING  performed. Just changed my mind about her.

The good thing about our constitutional system is we will forgive other Americans for any transgressions so they may try to be great Americans once again. I hope Woods wins Bay Hill but if he doesn't it is good to see him back and doing well.

Nice monkey Lindsey!Does she GLUP!

Now I can sleep

Here's what Lindsey needs to get used to hearing: "Sand wedge? No, I said sandwich! Now get in the kitchen and fetch me one, woman!"

Who gives a #$%$

Disappointing! Times must be tough for Lindsey. Thought she had more class but guess not.

White women are easy, especially if the man has lots of money, and has a reputation as a Mimbo.

I guess she likes to go downhill fast.

Me...A dumb blonde.

Me...A dumb blonde.

I did not know skiers were so DUMB !yuckkkkk

Tiger is so the man but don't settle for one!

With Regard to Lindsey Vonn; They Never Learn.

I hope tiger is knocking the bottom out of IT.

Did he ever mention that he was hornier that a #$%$ toad?  Hope things work out.

Well Eldrick, at least this year at Augusta you will have one friend in crowd.

Must be for the money.

Half of a half is still a ton of money.  She's no fool.  It's love $$$.

Publicity stunt for two wacko's on the downsize.  Eldrick back on roids for last hurrah. Timing suspicious with Masters and US Open looming.  Frauds

An I thought she had some class.I hope Tiger's not spending ALL his time doing sexual gymnastics with Vonn and is able to spend at least a couple hours a day at the range.

Oh Boy lets all say were dating! Tiger has more to gain than she ever will. He is trying totell the world he is a nice guy again...datable... Phooey ! don't believe a word of it

so much racisim, love is love!

Don't imply you know either of them. Just let it be and let them seek their own normalcy. Go pile on Kim Kardashian and another "Joe" she has exchanged bodily fluids with, that got her prego to a gangster.

Trash draws trash!!!!!!They deserve each other

she likes his wood.

when a parent has children time, it should be children time. Only a crippled #$%$ would wait in car

oh, yea, daddy is happy. Her career on slops almost over, he's looking forward to the kind of loot Elin received. But Tiger is going to have to win a few more titles before they get there.

He will be nailing the local Perkos waitress in a month

I say good deal for both of them people can change they are both adults give them some time without interferance and see where it goesI get an uneasy feeling when I see the picture of Tiger &amp; Lindsey together....it really feels un-natural............no hate in my heart......just saying

BFD

She's no Billionaire that's for sure!

She's probably the only one big enough to handle his rumored 10" Johnson.

Once you go White..., you'll never go Black!!!

she better learn how to swing a club!!!!!

Me...A dumb blonde.

Looks like she's on a down hill run.Butch

He certainly has a "type" doesn't he?  And he, is her emotional "type" as her ex was rumored to have a quick temper.

You go Tiger!Everyone get off of Eldrick's case.  The simple fact is black women are not desired.

This Linsey Vonn must be totally out of her mind. What a dumb asse!!

great, ESPN will never shut up about this

With all the negative comments about this guy, it makes me wonder whoall those people are that cheer Woods so loudly every time he approachesthe clubhouse!

Black racist #$%$ sho' duz lub 'dem blonde white womenz.   Now, tell me 'dey don't and 'dat jus' a stereotype.An' 'dem blonde white womenz fk anythang 'dat smell like money.

She likes the black #$%$!

Once a cheater, always a cheater...she is not very bright or likes the $$$$ signs!

Who cares. Vonn is a idiot. It has to be about $$. Unless she likes cheaters because he will do it to her also.

Can't find a Black one.Only white trash.your right,next obama freinds.he wishes his wife was white F them all.melting pot country is begining to stink.to much #$%$ in the pot.

She's Not what we thought she was .Are they the last ones in the world to know this or something??  And I agree - who cares?!!!!

I wonder if she likes his putts?

Not a Linsey fan any more.  How can she date a man who has no respect for women....

What is it about young white women and black men, don't they realize they loose in every way.

being in a interracial relationship for the past 2 years myself (my gf is Irish) I see nothing wrong here. But looks like the racists came out the woodwork on this story. If you have a problem with this story then your just mad because that's not you dating Miss Vonn.now watch all the thumbs down i get

Linds - take him for the rest of the money!!

Gold-diggers are apparently very apathetic about fidelity in their relationships.

She'll learn....just give it time

IS THIS LADY DUMB OR JUST STUPID ???????

At least Tiger has a pretty devil.  Most black men who choose devils, pick ugly fat ones.  Could it just be the money?Amazing who Lindsay resembles isn't it??

slow news day?

An appropriate choice for Tiger, who has been on a steady downhill slide for the last several years, athtletically and personally. Makes you wonder if Vonn has had one too many head knocks in her falls.

She is special for being a mud duck?

Most of the comments seem pretty much on target. But guys, don't forget - Girls prefer the bad boy.

To pale

To pale

Smut

House n*gga!

House n*gga!House n*gga!

Just lost all respect for you

Tiger Blonde

Good for them. Tiger and anyone else has the right to date whomever they want. Plus, Vonn is not exactly a virgin.

golf is a racist game.

oh man, is he nuts.  he could have done so much better with a younger never married girl but noooo... he picks her... wow, tiger... you are nuts

No white man will ever want Lindsey now -- damaged goods.

Only a matter off time before Lindsey gains a lot of weight and her rearend gets huge with stretchmarks.

Lindsey is a charcoal- burner and Tiger is afraid of black women.

Real reason Tiger doesn't date black women is they're too strong for him.  Tiger is the biggest Oreo.it looks like the homie tigr got himself another thang. I gues that if you got money then you can buy anything, I mean anyone. It's all about money isn't it? The loser cheater player boy tigr, is at it again. I wonder how long it's going to take to Lindsey to wisen up, and then crack the tigr with a snow ski to the face... And, how much did tigr have to do with Lindsey's divorce? Lindsey, their a lot of better people (men) out their than tigr...

But can she swing a Gold Club?

She is white trash.    simple as that.  Any white woman who gets involved with a black is white trash.    He'll sire another mixed-up race kid or 2, then move on to the next piece of white trash.    He wants to be white - he ain't - he has to live in his own m..u...l...a..tt..o skin, and he don't like it.

Come on y'all admit it, they look happy.

I bet most people feel the same about your relationships too.

Hey, what girl doesn't like diamonds!

She doesn't want him....why spend her money, when she can spend his.

Soon the media will show us their private romantic vacation hideaway - that the whole world knows about.

she looks like his ex

Ok , so BIG F----- DEAL!!!As Gomer Pyle would say, " Surprise, Surprise, Surprise!"

I'm a tiger, when I want love, and I'm a snake, when we dis agreeeeee... j. Tull

Huh?  What happened to the recently reported "trial remarriage" with Elin and reports of the megamillions he offered her to marry him again?!  Ah, the media - ain't it wonderful?!

at least he didn't kill anybody like Ray Lewis . even Bill Clinton cheated  who cares

Just another white ditzy blonde being trendy and going after black c--k.  That's all.   If I were her daddy I would disown her two secs flat, but I'm not so let her real naive father handle it.

He sure do like dem ole blondes....maybe she take him for all he's worth like his previous.....then hit him with a golf club!  Eeeeek!  Could happen!

Promiscuity isn't dating.

The first time was a learning experience… should it happen again (you would be a dumb #$%$)...

the world has gone mad

I wish them happiness!  They're a beautiful, highly visible, well-liked, filthy rich couple!  It is my sincerest hope that they savagely and deliciously enjoy each other!  Now pass the syrup...Well, obviously this woman is accustomed to "going down hill"!

Another n...er lover.nuff said.

Here we go again.  Anyone remember O J ???Ya thought the last one screwed up his mind, ya ain't seen nothin" yet.

@J...She's outta her mind to the tune on a net worth of 600$ million right now.

Seal didnt even want a black women - hahahaha

Po black women - ahhhh   so sorry - you lost another one

History repeats itself.

Hey Lindsay, whats your timing on getting knocked up to lock in?

So what, people do need someone in their life. That why he's winning. Before you know it he could bring home a new Green Jacket.

Question is -- How will Eldrick react when she gets the money then dumps him for an Austrian Ski RacerWow plenty of racists here....Who should give a #$%$ what they do...

She must have been in a cave the last few years.  Tigers do not change their stripes.  Be careful Lindsey.  And get him tested.

It's their business. I wish them both well.

I smell a sequel!

Other than his racist friend Charles Barkley, Eldrick lives in a white mans world. He is just trying to keep up with them

Looking for a white ho with big boobs and a large   a   z     z........must be into anal sex...............

I believe that everybody deserves somebody to love….I hope that Lindsey Vonn and Tiger Woods will be happy together, and I hope that Tiger will not disrespect Lindsey the way he did his ex-wife, Elin….Hopefully, he has gotten the help that he needed and will not repeat the same mistakes he has done in the past……God Bless!!

OJ Simpson and Nichol Simpson..Part 2....

Good job Eldrick.  Now there will be more angry black women

More white women for tiger, and a new Ferarri for vonn...He obviously is enjoying her slopes, then it goes downhill quickly from there :p

Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I have but ONE thing to say: BURRRRRP!!!!

Hey Lindsay, if you really need publicity.  Have Eldrick peep in your window while your cheating on him with a white man.  Watch him go ballistic and assault with attempt to kill and have it all over the media.

Tiger loves dim white girls!!!!!!!

Lindsey has got to be a FIRECRACKER IN BED!, As kinky as Tiger likes them. YOU GO TIGER! F#*&amp;$K what everybody thinks!

Lindsey and how many others are dating Tiger (Hint Par is four)

Totally UNBELIEVABLE! Just the thought makes me sick to my stomach. What a waste of a perfectly good white woman.

I guess than a ski pole to the head is better than a 9 iron!!

My friend, Tiger, told me that she can handle his immense sexual appetite....

Awwww they have matching injuries.....must be fate.....how f'in cute!   At least she knows where to kick him if he starts cheat'in again!   Anyway, "Shades of O.J"......no pun intended!she's an idiot, and there goes his comeback.

As a phenotypical "black" man in this theatrical society, fkuc this censorship blulstih for blood miney from the dregs...

I am happy for both of you.

Two psycho's trying to deal in a white mans world

Another mud shark. Lost to decent men forever now.

you go tiger

lot of haters  commenting on this story, BothGo over 21, Who cares what they do? Go tiger, Get all you can while you can, I ain't mad at you!

He'll never learn.

Hey, having the fever works for him.

Lindsay tells Eldrick - "get in the gym",  "get out to the practice green"Ho in one but which one

Lindsay telling Eldrick, play in as many tournaments as possible

who gives a rat's #$%$!

Maybe Lindsay wants to get close to Elin??

He likes 'em blond.  She must be nuts.  Glutton for punishment. What would she want w/him except his money?

aaaaa

Note to AP: Go and cover something important and leave this stuff to TMC.

Another white women down the drain, white women stick yo your own kind!!!! Lol

Obviously Tiger Woods and Lindsey Vonn, saw something in each other being the girl next door don't make you a prize catch there usually the worst this hypocrisy that select few white America cares about doesn't exist in 2013 so for the select few of degenerates commenting save your spew no one cares about what you're spewing out there together and that's what's reality, move on......... Also tiger Woods isn't the first nor the last to cheat it's the make up of human nature since the beginning of time so stop acting like he did something so god forsaken awful, If you wanna speak on something speak about the many white men raping African women through out slavery impregnated by white men without choice that were the girls next door stereotypes are the defining destruction of our society as if you feel your superior than the next just so white, you gotta be right. Not in this life

Eldrick is aging and bald, with a horrific reputation, but he still is better looking than Seal-hahahahahaHow discusting!!! and to think she appeared a nice likeable person.

Yeah, but a ski pole could do a lot more damage than a 3 iron.

They do love the STUPID ONES don't they!!!

Has there been a rise in number of black lesbians.  You black women better stick together

How could any woman trust Tiger Woods after everything was revealed about him.  He is the Wilt Chamberlin of golf.

and we care about this why !!???

I guess Tiger really does love playing in the snow!

TIGER hook me up with her FRIENDS LOL forget what these people talking about on here lol

This will be fun to watch!

The hell with the both of them.We need more jobs and a better life for our communities and common people. We are the heroes of every day life not Tiger Woods, and Lindsey VonnThey make a nice couple, both driven athletes perhaps, Tiger Woods made a mistake a lot of people in his position make and lost himself, he has a right to re-invent himself and rise above his divorce, there are people who do much worse!

they're cute together.

The man has good taste.

I'm so glad that Tiger's back on track. He's with a beautiful woman and his golf game is back. Good for you Tiger...Now lets win somw majors.All you people with all the hate, Tiger can care less about you idiots. Jealousy gets you no where...grow up!!!

Now now people.... why you all busting chops?!?!?... she's a fake blonde, and he's a fake black!!! They are friggen perfect!!! BAHAHAHA!!! :-)

My god.  Who cares. How desparate must Vonn be to be seen with that #$%$. Can that chick even read? Dayum. What, all the white guys were gone?

Lindsey is obviously now insane. Poor girl.

I hope she has an "accurate" golf swing!

can woods not find a good looking black lady or are they to smart to fall for his line of bull.

I wonder if he has put his driver between her moguls?Dear Tiger,You have amazing talent and it is fun to watch you play golf......when your game is on and your are not cussing out the course.With regard to your personal life, which you have screwed up royally, NOBODY GIVES A RAT'S BUTT!Please keep your sordid "business" to yourself and understand the only thing the public cares about you "holing" is that little round ball.Best,Former Fans Who are Trying to Tolerate You Again

All I see is a bunch of hating men whinning, cause Tiger has game and they don't. You all need to get a life..

Quit hating tiger,just be happy for both of them. Everyone makes mistakes.

Can a tiger change his stripes??

Maybe the stories about black guys are real  The women really go for Tiger.  She should know better.

Pimping ain't easy........Huh Tiger?????

Eldrick will play better now.  The timing is perfect Florida swing, Arnold Palmer then Masters.The narcissist thrives on attention.  Good or Bad.  But his days are numbered and soon he will spiral down in the sewer where he belongs

Danger! Will Robinson! Danger!

Perfect.

Eldrick, only the 95%ers who voted for Obama like you.  Guess what 50 million think your a POSLyndsey Vonn Ho?

I knew there was a reason why he was wining again, just could not put my finger on which blonde. Now we know. Happy relationship to you both!

This is perfect for Tiger. She will be living in Europe a big part of the time so he can fool around all he wants to.

BOY !!! SHE MUST REALLY BE HURTING !!!!

I just wounder did he pull out his putter, and make a hoe in one

She'll be getting "PAID" soon!!! It's all about the money.

soooo he have not learned his lesson on dealing with white women. OOPS I'M NOT BLACK!!!!!!

Hate to say it but sometimes women are soooooo stupid.

Lindsay in line for new reality show.  Clubbing with Eldrick.

Can Heidi Klume get a date?Lindsey will definitely change him........ only taste will tell.

Hooray for tiger! None of our business but good for you!

just a common nasty mudshark, tainted meat,tainted for life. another future single mom..we all know what she's had in her mouth.

Headline should read "Eldrick paying for Lindsay"

Elin, said "once you had black you never go back"  hahahahaha

wow take care of that so called brother, white girls sure love Chocolate even if it has been dropped on the .............     hahahahahahahahahah

It must have been tough for Eldrick in the clubhouse seeing all those successful white men with their beautiful wives and then looking in the mirror

Even Kim Kartrashian didnt want Eldrick

Elin is so much prettier than her....but I guess she satisfies him in the sack.

Good luck girl! hahaYawn...Can't pretend to know either one.I've seen Tigger in person, in action (read: tantrum) and all over the media. I've never been a fan. Hard for me to admire an arrogant prick even though he can display great skill, at times.Never seen Ms. Vonn ski except on the tube. Wow! I'd probably enjoy a day on the slopes with her. No doubt she could ski circles around me.You want to wish her well, especially with full recovery from her accident.Tigger? Well, my best advice for him is to behave as Lindsey won't need a 9-iron. I'd make that bet...Hell, perhaps she'll make a kinder &amp; gentler (maybe even nicer?) person of him.Don't screw it up Tigger!

He likes that white sweet meat. She will be treated like dirt. Keep those legs closed until I get home honey.

Kiss your endorsements and reputation bye bye Lindsey.  You just screwed the pooch BIG TIME!!!!!  What's wrong with you?

Leave Tiger be.......you guys are just wishing she was dating you!

wish them good health and happiness

Good for them both and I think they make a very nice good looking couple...Just cuz the first marriage (for both of them no matter how their marriage fell apart) didn't work it doesn't mean they don't deserve another chance of happiness...I really hope and pray that it works for them both...Good Luck and God Bless them both...

tigger still playing in the snow. he is a mentally twisted failure.

That was his past get over it people! She know about it and she made her choice... I'm guessing everyone who is making a negative comment is perfect and never done anything wrong... I bet 99% of you who is saying something cheated on someone you loved... Also if that is the case you should new er be in another relationship because you cheated, I'm just saying...

i would say run lindsey run but if she is that stupid i say run tiger run

I think it might be all " downhill " for Lindsey now.You can see it in her eyes.   Cha Ching Cha Ching -  Eldrick - their are at least 50 better women attached to the other golfers on tour

Awwww they have matching injuries.....must be fate.....how cute!   At least she knows where to kick him if he starts cheat'in again! Anyway, "Shades of O.J"......no pun intended!

Hope you crash into a tree at full speed you #$%$

Now the racists will come out of their holes.

I hear Tiger is gifted in more ways than one.  Let him alone all you wannabees

I hope Tiger gives her the ol' Nicole Brown Simpson treatment...LOL....trollop...Looking forward to seeing pictures of her with two black eyes all swelled up and closed while she is lying on a stainless steel bench....

What's the matter with you Black men and you Half &amp; Half men? Surely one of your own (Black or Asian) will likely have you. And what's the matter with you Blonde White women and your white men? Don't they please you?

Tiger likes those dumb blondes. ...

Why does he always want to date white women? Are black women not good enough for you Tigs? And why does she want this black man? Creepy how these blondes want black men.

Did she ski into a tree. Why is eveyone marrying out of race. Or is a freaking lesbos or #$%$. This country morals is going down the toilet.Stop muthafuckin hatin #$%$

Right place, right time, no witness most men cheat the ones good at it just don't get caught so live Tiger alone he deserves to be happy too.

Your prejudice is showing people

Your prejudice is showing people

Disgusting. He deserves a woman like Jodi Arias.

Tiger likes those dumb blondes. ...

White Women seems to definately have a major thing for Black Guys who swing clubs.

All my respect for you Vonn is now gone! Good luck with your piece of poo.

When Heidi Klume couldnt get a runway - she married Seal - hahahahahaha

Happy for you guys......forget these haters Tiger!!!