Most of the things that caused the last crash are still broken.The only thing up is the market.Why would anyone think things are all better?A recovered stock market does not mean the economy recovered.

Social Security and federally funded welfare should have been abolished after WWII. People should not be forced to pay into a system that the government is allowed to dip into like their own personal piggy bank, nor should free money be given out to able bodied citizens for doing nothing. If there were truly no jobs, there would be a lot less illegal immigrants. There is simply no jobs that you are willing to do. This cancer that the great father of American socialism, FDR, poisoned our country with has all but killed this country. And no, he didn't save the country then either, WWII did. Read a book, learn something.

Only rich Americans can afford to play around on the stock market.  The rich get richer and the poor get poorer.

The stock market is mainly for the rich and has little bearing on 90% of working, middle class people. The game is rigged in favor of the insiders and it seems that the rich will always be rich and the rest of us will be doomed to work until we die.

I'm just going to change my name to Martinez and I'll have plenty of cash......lol Si Si Si Senior

Stock Markets up, but people have no confidence? Gee maybe they have finally come to realize that it goes down too.  We tend to forget that when we have had 20 years of upside only.  Good thing our last recession was only five years ago.

Profits = Productivity (sales) - Wages.Over the last 30-35 years Productivity and therefore Profits kept going up while Wages stayed flat. Increase Wages relative to Productivity and everything else will come into a state of balance. This is also the right thing to do for 2 reasons:1. Without Wages (workers) you cannot create the P's. Which is another way of saying that wealth comes from the people and must return to the people.2. Increasing Wages will produce more consumers with greater purchasing power which is what is needed for the Productivity (products) to be sold and converted to Profits.Did I miss anything?