Government employees that do not pay their taxes should be fired!

I just love the way the press address budgets that don't increase every year as slashing.

How about closing all loopholes for banks and big business.

Politicians...workGovernment...common senseTwo of the most famous oxymorons.

Nice comments, but like chaff in the wind.  Do you think Congress is reading these?  Send your messages to the Elected Ones.

Congress hasn't done any work in 4 years..... not productive work anyway.Unemployment still too high, price of gasoline way to high, debt out of control and they take another 2% out of my paycheck and vote themselves a raise.  They don't understand the word work.

...this folks, is reality TV at it's best...

get some cardinals they work faster.

15 paragraphs of jibberish......The new non-existent Budget just grew to $4 Trillion or whatever congress decides to spend without having to APPROVED A BUDGET !....ARE YOU PAYING ATTENTION?

Congress live with a budget? Jokes on us taxpayers, AGAIN!For every $ the dems agree to cut, they lose a vote. Do you really expect them to cut anything? Election wins mean more that life itself. "Good of the nation" is a concept that has long since been replaced by unending greed by all politicians !

Have the dems do a budget for the last 4 years first

Wow, this article is a liberal lapdog media piece with all the trimmings.  The writer doesn't find 1.85 trillion in deficit cuts over ten years alarming when our current deficit is 16 trillion????  That is scary, especially when the dem budget calls for a trillion in tax increases over that period.

I can shorten that article by a mile. "Democrats: Tax increases, no spending cuts. GOP: spending cuts, no tax increases."

The Senate and O'bama haven't come up with a Budget in Four YEARS so I guess they had to!

Balanced Budget Commandment!!!! Thou shalt not spend more than one collects in revenue the year prior

House comes up with logical answers and the Senate and Obama come up with illogical vetos.

Liberals must have eaten their Wheaties this morning.

More photo opts for nothing accomplished, nothing done, nothing solved...

The President , the congress and any other politician in DC do not want a budget , that's just hype to make you think they are doing their job.They will still be discussing budget this time next year...With the alarming rate people are dipping into their 401K's to survive, they can raise the retirement age for social security to 90.."..At this point..What differents does it make.?..

How to balance the budget.  1. Start with NO foreign aid!!!!  2. Give ILLEGALS nothing, except a ride back to wherever they came from!!!! 3. Cut all congress pay by 2/3.

I've emailed my Senators and House Reps and expressed my concern of the failures going on in Congress and the various attacks on Constitution, etc. I've only heard back from a few and the responses I got were basically that they were going to do whatever they wanted and that my opinion was meaningless. Not surprisingly, these responses came from the democrat Senators from my state.Although it may seem like a waste of time, you should all express your concern too because sitting around complaining and not making your voice heard, is simply doing nothing and makes you no better than these politicos. At least I know exactly who to vote AGAINST in the next election.

Our federal government must reign in spending or this country will collapse.  One problem most people just won't admit is that our federal government has made it better for someone to simply get on welfare, medicade,  food stamps, HUD housing, energy assistance, Obamaphone, extended unemployment, free day care services, secure a government grant, etc. etc. etc. than to get a job and work for a living.  In fact, you would have a lower standard of living if you worked at a lower paying job than receive government assistance. Everyone wants to help the poor and the truly needy-but at what a price?  What dignity do these people have that simply live on the backs of others?  What kind of society are we creating by doing this?  Why not have these people do some type of public service work in order to receive any of these benefits?

Harry Reid will not let any budget bill reach the Senate floor. He has killed every budget sent tfrom the House without any discussion. HE should be impeached. NO more "temperary spending bills". Either pass a budget as required by law, or close the government down. Congress should not be paid until they enact a legal budget.

Congress works on budget for who , them or us?

NO more spending more than the gov takes in.  Eliminate all waste, duplication,foregin aid, Dept of Ed, HUD, Freddie and Fannie, EPA,  and end all conventions that these agencies attend that cost taxpayers millions.

we should accept nothing less than a balanced budget for our govt. operations and we should get rid of all of the fools that have let this get sooo out of hand.

Definition of 50/50 government:  Time lost on useless exercises - spending as much time on a 1 year budget approval as on a long term budget that is "mostly symbolic" and are "party-defining documents with zero chance of making their way into law..."

Why doesn't the author address "PRESIDENT DOES NOT SUBMIT BUDGET AS LAW REQUIRES....breaks law, call the senate today for impeachment"Government employees should not have pensions taxpayers have to pay for. They should get SS like everyone else!

WOW! SLOW DOWN BOYS!!

Obama knows everybody needs money or we are going to have a recession.  That's why he's floating 1 Trillion per year on the street.  Otherwise society would break down, and he's have to start handing out some of the 21 million hollow point bullets he just purchased.  Obama and the Fed are stealing from our future to pay for our needs today.

When Wal-Mart starts resembling something else besides the Chicago Stockyards.I'll start worring about kids being hungry...

OK: Cut all government salaries &amp; pensions 10%;sell or lease all vacant govt buildings; 2 term limits for all elected officials; no foreign aid for countries with a military; No benefits for illegal’s; 15% flat tax; reduce IRS; 2% wealth tax for net worth’s over $20MM. Cut all corporate loopholes, they must pay tax. Reduce TSA;EPA;DEPT of Education; states do it better. Eliminate Fraud in all programs. No more Government pensions; Social security like everyone else! None of this is on the table; quit friggin the taxpayers!!!!

THERE THE LAME-STREAM GOES AGAIN always trying to paint the Demos, the party of "no" (no discipline, no budget and no fiscal restraint) controlled Senate and Obama as responsible, no logical person believes that they have any intention of passing a budget.

So $600 billion reduction over 10 years on a $16 trillion deficit.  Hmm...(grabbing calculator) that means if we do not incur $1 more in overall debt, reduce the deficit by $600 billion every 10 years, we'll be out of debt in...267 years! ($16000 bil/$600 bil = 26.67 X 10 years each).

Considering Obama has not had a SINGLE budget passed during his entire administration, this is somewhat of a good move by Congress.

The GOP should be ready to shut down the Federal Government in order to force Emperor Obama and Harry Reid into a Balance Budget.

"Unfortunately", this Country, will "never" be what it once was!! The only thing, that is "transparant" in Government today, is "idiotic stupidity": !!It is scary when the leaders of this country state that we have no immediate debt problem. I wonder what they are smoking.

Any group that cuts benefits for the elderly and our soldiers while sending billions over seas is going to lose the next election.

Just give the Republicans a little more time, the trickle down theory is just starting to work.The American elite are now the richest society in world history. Never before has so much been accrued by so few.Currently, the top 400 wage earners in America make more than the bottom 150,000,000 Americans.Taking children out of the equation, those 400 people make more than over 50% of the wage earning public combined.It's been over 30 years, but pretty soon those 400 people will have enough, so that it will finally start to trickle down to the next 400 people.And just think, the Democrats said trickle down economics wouldn't work !!!

How does a citizen get a bill introduced to congress? I think they should supply us with KY every time they are in session.

Balance the budget, get a hold of our deficit and do your JOBS!

Too bad the obstructionist Reid and his useless Senate will not work to pass a budget.

The REAL test will be when the two versions each reach the other chamber. Will there be WORK toward comprimise or just more political gamesmanship?

4 years late

The republicans will never balance the budget.  The democrats will make sure of it.  The president said himself that it is not a priority to him.  It's not important.  How can people think he's actually doing a good job with an attitude like that?  If it were your own household and you didn't care about your budget, where would you be?

Average household income down 8% since Obama took office. We've learned to live without, so should our gov't!When you have a President that thinks we don't have a spending problem then WE have a problem.

Who are they? Some 20 species of animals throughout the world are now raised and managed in America for hunting. They were saved from extinction in their native lands and now there are those who want to ban their hunting even though the populations can be used to restock their original home lands but can not be sustained here without the revenues from sportsmen. Who are these people who want this ban? Liberals and Democrats who supported the killing of 1,500,000 fetuses last year in America.Who are they? There is a constant assault on the 2nd amendment of the US Constitution regarding the ownership of fire arms all because of some 4,500 deaths related to gun incidences of all types each year in America. The people who constantly pursue this assault ignore the 36,000 deaths each year as the result of alcohol related car crashes and supported the killing of 1,500,000 fetuses last year. Who are they? Liberals and Democrats.Who are they that constantly spew rhetoric regarding the taxing of the rich in America in order to provide revenues for supposedly bringing down the American debt yet know full well that doing so to the extent of taking ALL the supposed rich have would not make a dent in our deficit yet these same people want to ignore the very two large issues that are killing us in terms of spending, Medicare and Social Security? Who are they? Liberals and democrats.Who are they that are pandering to destructive and injurious to business unions, spewing rhetoric regarding “redistribution of your wealth“, giving favors to supporters with stimulus money, regulating businesses to the degree that they fear growth, giving stimulus money to foreign companies, lying about opposition legislation that is in the Senate but held up by Harry Reid, ignoring the huge spending of our taxes on boondogles by the president such as the $9,000,000,000 trip to India that included the use of near 1000 hotel rooms and all the while bull #$%$ the public about jobs and the economy? Liberals and Democrats.Who are they that want your votes and solicit them with acid rhetoric, exaggeration of their accomplishments, and lies about their opposition yet will not tell you their governance failure over time is right in your face and public record?* The ten poorest cities and percentage of population below the poverty level:1. Detroit , MI 32.5%2. Buffalo , NY 29.9%3. Cincinnati , OH 27.8%4. Cleveland , OH 27.0%5. Miami , FL 26.9%6. St. Louis , MO 26.8%7. Chicago, Ill. 26.4%8. Milwaukee , WI 26.2%9. Philadelphia , PA 25.1%10. Newark , NJ 24.2%U.S. Census Bureau, 2010What are the common threads? Democrats and unionsDetroit, MI (1st on the poverty rate list) hasn't elected a Republican mayor since 1961.Buffalo, NY (2nd) hasn't elected a Republican mayor since 1954.Cincinnati , OH (3rd) hasn't elected a Republican mayor since 1984.Cleveland , OH (4th) hasn't elected a Republican mayor since 1989.Miami, FL (5th) has never had a Republican mayor until now and he was recalledSt. Louis , MO (6th) hasn't elected a Republican mayor since 1949.Chicago, Ill (7th) has never had a Republican mayor.Milwaukee , WI (8th) hasn't elected a Republican mayor since 1908.Philadelphia , PA (9th) hasn't elected a Republican mayor since 1952.Newark , NJ (10th) hasn't elected a Republican mayor since 1907.* In the history of our federal government:5 Representatives have been expelled. All 5 were Democrats.14 Senators have been expelled. All 14 were Democrats.21 Representatives censured. 16 Democrats, 5 Republicans.7 Senators have been censured. 4 were Democrats, 3 were Republican.2 Presidents have been impeached. Both were Democrats.The troubling facts: 80% Democrat offenders, 20% RepublicanA ten year old child can look at the facts above and see the common threads. Democrat governance is a losing, tax laden and socialistic proposition.

Our poor in America live better than the middle class does in England and Europe...

Obama the Taxer still won't give up that tax increase. He is greedy for revenue to fund massive programs. But the tax increases will kill jobs.

After all the money, effort, time spent on this their best results will remain low on the "that sucks" scale.

That's a false headline.  Congress doesn't work!

OK, We'll see. They are supposed to be reducing spending, reducing the debt. We'll see if they even come close to this.

House Republicans say President Barack Obama is not showing leadership on the budget. House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan says that members of his part have shown what they believe 'a responsible path' to a balanced budget looks like. - Ryan he left you there to do his work so he can take the found money and go to war with Syria

When people drive new cars to the grocery to use their EBT cards, their not poor, their freeloaders.

Notice how Yahoo totally leaves Obama out of this article. He's supposed to submit a budget every February, and it hasn't happend in 5 years.Sort of funny, if you read the tax plan in the Ryan Budget. Everybody that makes under $200,000.00 will get a tax increase as he takes the progressive aspects out of the tax code.So we can balance the budget, if we dismantle social programs, dismantle research programs, dismantle veterans benefits, dismantle education programs, and dismantle social security and medicare. It assumes the repeal of Obamacare, but not the taxes included in Obamacare and cuts defense spending.Seems like everybody has to give up something, except those that make over $200,000.00.

62 percent of all the deficit reduction that we have agreed to is spending cuts. The Republicans have their spending cuts. It's time for them to compromise.

This article is much ado about nothing.  The net of it is that they continue to avoid the issue and really  make significant cuts in spending.

The elected political ‘leaders’ have an unappeasable desire for our money. The aim is not to improve our living conditions but their own &amp; every fracking country that gets money from us. Keep in mind the President household budget is $658,664,000.00+

The left always plays Shake the Baby at us to keep the freeloader money flowing..From the looks of the growing obecity rates, I can't find any hungrey kids. But then again when you look at the mom's that shop at Wal-Mart, maybe the kids have to fight Mom for the food at home.

I don't suppose they could agree first on how much they have available to spend, and then debate on what to spend it on? ... No. Of course not. What was I thinking?

Some things congress should do:1; Slashing health care for the poor, No...keep helping the poor, Yes...no free or reduced cost care for any illegal people, also cut tuition assistance for them as well. The government had no problem cutting Tuition Assistance for the military.2; Modernizing the nation's nuclear arsenal...Why spend money where it's not needed. The nuclear weapons we have now seem to work just fine.3; Homeland Security is out of control with their spending, cut their funding and see how much we save, Homeland Security would be best preformed by our own (already paid) military, who, with the funding cuts need to get their training somehow.The only reason congress is doing anything now is that it's going to start hitting them in their pockets, just not as hard as it is affecting the rest of us because they are not affected by the paycuts. I could go on for a lot more just like everyone else but unlike congress I have to actually go to work for my pay.

The above photo op says it all. The Democrat sitting at Paul Ryan's right does not like big fast cuts in deficits. If it were up to him there may not be much of any cuts at all. What he does like is continued spending and that cannot be tolerated. Just look at his facial expressions.

Congress WORKS? Thank you for this mornings first joke of the day.

And the idiotic socialist demon-cRATs continue on their relentless path to steal more of our dollars by taking away our measly tax deductions &amp; raising taxes.. What is it that they don't get about putting people, our economy back to a path of prosperity? Putting people back to work will give them billions and billions of dollars WITHOUT  raising taxes... freaking morons, the whole lot of them!!its amazing these guys created all that is wrong with this system, but yet they won't fix the poo that has shown itself redunantly; the waste in spendingthey know what is the right thing to do; they are just too scared of the results

Government Officials and Politiciians are completely WORTHLESS. All they DO is talk, talk, talk, figet around with numbers but the RESULTS are always the SAME....DEEPER in DEBT, Higher TAXES, Less Services, WORSE Schools, Less Opportunities while the Politicians and Government Officials get RICHER at the People's EXPENSE! Politicians and Government Officials should all be FIRED! America is coming to a sad end.

Note the bottom line here is the democratic budget does not balance the budget, ever! Republican budget will eliminate deficit in 10 years. The wording of this article is very deceiving. Demos proposed a balanced approach of more taxes and more spending. Repubs propose a balanced budget, period.

How  pathetic  are  these  politicos   5  years  and  that  sad  senate  run  by  mr  harry  no  nothing  reid  still  do  not  have  a  budget  why  is  that   every  money  making  american  company  has  a  budjet   oh  thats  right  the  govt  just  knows  how  to  spend  my  tax  dollars  and  lose  money  what  was  i  thinking............

They want show something before they leave for 2 weeks. SPRING BREAK!!!

Sort of funny, if you read the tax plan in the Ryan Budget. Everybody that makes under $200,000.00 will get a tax increase as he takes the progressive aspects out of the tax code.So we can balance the budget, if we dismantle social programs, dismantle research programs, dismantle veterans benefits, dismantle education programs, and dismantle social security and medicare. It assumes the repeal of Obamacare, but not the taxes included in Obamacare and cuts defense spending.Seems like everybody has to give up something, except those that make over $200,000.00.

I have an Idea. Start following Regular Order and start following the law: 31 USC Subtitle II - THE BUDGET PROCESS : 31 USC § 1103 - Budget ceiling: Congress reaffirms its commitment that budget outlays of the United States Government for a fiscal year may be not more than the receipts of the Government for that year.

Stick it to the middle class again,the needy,republicans and democrats alike are hypocrites,theycare nothing for the average man only for the rich.

when ahyone "deficit spends" and refuses to even cut the "rate of growth of the deficits" (even after a 100% increase per year over 4 years.... )  any sane society would remove their credit card and destroy it, ..and to 'protect the assets of Stakeholders (taxPAYERS) from corruption and criminal mis-management would put the budget in the hands of a recievership and stop or adjust all payrolls while directing a balanced budget OR Liquidation of various assets and liabilities... but our government just keeps writing huge deficit rubber checks (on our grandkids future as well as taxPayers ) and the foxes remain in total control and power of  the fleecing of AmeriKa...  only one way this insanity can end... and i hope it's sooner rather than later.

Control spending before seeking new revenue.If a bi-partisan bill goes to obama to be signed, it does not matter what is in it - obama will sign is.  He does not want it to look like he is the hold-up in anything.  If you could defund obamaCare as part of a bi-partisan bill, he would still sign it.  You have a President who thinks "present" is satisfactory 80% of the time.

American politics prove what helpless sheep we are. Almost 90% of US citizens disapprove of how Congress is governing this country, yet 97% of incumbents get re-elected, including the President and the people actually expect a positive outcome. This type of continuing behavior by Americans insults insanity.  Only in America.

Keepimg meat inspector's on the job.preventing furlough's at rural airport's and trying to ease layoff's at army depot's.Wow' either people employed at these places are making billion's of dollar's per year,or there are a lot of other government agencie's that could use some trimming.Another perfect example of the great's in Washington not  leveling with us.

Reinstate the last two cuts to capital gains taxes. Income is income , tax everyones income!

Laws don't mean chit anymore, seems like everyone'sinto cheating nowdays.

Congress and working are two words that do not go together.

this should not be news ..afterall it is in their job description

I think that lady is dead - she's freakin blue!

"Congress" is working on a budget? How can that be? "Congress" consists of both Upper and Lower Chambers, i.e., Senate and House of Representatives. Are you really attempting to sell the bulls~it that the Democrat lead Senate is going to engage after 1500+ days of nothing? Good luck with that one All Propaganda journ-o-listers.

Spend only what you take in taxes, and add 3% improvement factor, is this tooooo hard tooo understand !!!!!!!!!Five people are ship wrecked on an island of plentiful resources. One is a builder/maintainer of habitats, one grows food, one is a talker and has big ideas, one is a nothing parasite that causes trouble and wants to be given to, one is ignorant and very susceptible to being influenced. In time it becomes clear the builder and farmer are doing all of the work and supporting everyone else with diminishing results. The talker criticizes them and wants more so he promises the nothing and the ignoramus more if they will agree to side with him. The builder and farmer easily and justifiably conclude the scenario will eventually cause the demise of everyone as they can see the situation as a simple math equation of social order. 2 - 3 = -1, a negative number and it is a positive number that is required to prosper. So, they realize they must take action and the talker and the parasite are the clear stumbling blocks. One day the sun rises and three are working, the ignorant one had learned to contribute and now helps with survival efforts and the three prospered with the destructive effects of the talker and the willful parasite eliminated, it was a simple matter of freedom and survival. Now there is mutual benefit, order made possible by three who live by it and live in relative peace. 2 + 1 = 3, amazing, huh? Someone needs explain negative numbers to liberals please.

What a joke. Everyone knows if obama signs a budget he can not spend.

5 Hostees plants to re-open, that how you create jobs Barry...Not government jobs that are proven to be disfunctional..Real Jobs at Real Company's, like the ones that built this country to begin with. You didn't build that..

Uh, by law the president is supposed to submit a budget. Where is it?

We the people have had enough of gov’t wasting our money? It's time you stop wasteful spending, and no, that doesn't mean SS and medicare. The place to start is to stop giving money away to non-citizens, i.e., no more giveaways to foreign countries (Syria, Afghanistan, Egypt, etc.) and no more gov't assistance to illegals. Stopping those few things would be a serious step towards deficit reduction.

Democrat success is a direct result of the government schools dumbing down the public. They only need to get the 52% to vote for their own pocketbook by way of a government check. This pathetic bunch doesn't even know what the American dream is.

The House passes a budget, the Senate passes a budget, who ever the President is, proposes a wish list. Then the House and Senate budgets go to converance and they hammer out the disagreements. Reid hasn't put a budget on the floor for four years.Why ? Without a budget the power goes to the President to decide what gets Spent our Cut, in every damn dept. of the government..Questions ?

I do not care what they do as long as they cut spending drastically and do not raise taxes or additional revenues on the 50% who pay any taxes at all in America.

April Fools is coming up.

Obama had to leave US; Pope is getting more TV time!Republican class warfare on the middle class, poor, students and seniorsREPUBLICAN VOODOO/ TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS says that the very wealthy should keep all the tax loopholes they have, get additional Trillions new tax breaks, increase pentagon military budget while eliminating or cutting everything that helps the middle class, poors, students and seniors through austerity, Sequestration, Debt Ceiling crisis, Fiscal cliff and Debt Limit threat

So how much Fatty Billion Dollar Un-Related Pork in the new bill...Guess we will just have to pass it to find out Guys!!!

The "budget" should not need to increase.  After all, there is very little inflation-or so they say.

Bummer is the DEVIL

Do any of you think, that giving the government more of our money will benefit you more, than you being able to spend it yourself

What is the Constitutional purpose of the Federal Government and how much of the Federal Taxes collected go to these functions versus all the unconstitutional spending?  If you cut the Federal government by about 80% and cut the Federal Income Taxes accordingly, couldn't that money be used by private citizens, or even State governments, to bolster the economy, lower costs and raise the living standards of everyone?

Rand Paul/Marco Rubio for prez and vp in 2016.

I think the Democrats have lost their minds......and don't know where to find them.

Unless the Senate Democrats will agree that we have a spending and deficit problem nothing will get done for FY 2014.  The Dems got the majority of the revenue increases they wanted in December, now it is time for them to cut SPENDING.Maybe the first Social Security policy change should be to increase the number of quarters required to collect SS from 40 to 80 and increase to 120 over the next 10 years.  Why should someone who worked part-time minimum wage jobs for 10 years get the minimum SS benefit of $800.00?

If a social conservative asks hit and run parents not to make babies they can't afford, they are called intolerant, despite the fact that out of wedlock births are a near guarantee of poverty and gang membership for the children. If an economic conservative asks why productive people who make good choices are required to subsidize those who make bad choices, they are vilified for blaming the victims or hating the poor, even while they ignore the relationship between choices and outcomes.  And the safety net that conservatives and liberal alike SAY they want, the real victims are being crowded out by all these folks with self-inflicted poverty.  Where is all this tolerance of opposing views the left keeps claiming?  Everyone over 10 knows where babies come from, how birth control works, and where to get cheap abortions. The anti-abortion conservatives cry about abortion, but are powerless to stop anyone over 18 from getting one. A few states require parental notification, but not the ones with 50-70% out of wedlock birth rates in their cities. People are CHOOSING to have kids they can't afford, a near guarantee of poverty. Someone from the left, please suggest a workable solution that doesn't involve endless amounts of other people's moneyMr. Ryan, for several years now you have been using the terms, at the fiscal cliff, we have a debt crisis. Social Security, Medicare and Medicade had to be fix right now. Now the budget if not addressed, "would evolve into a debt crisis".  What is going on Mr Ryan?  You owe the country, your country and my country a real and full explanation!!!!

they should be ashamed of themselves , but their not . neocons attacking the weak but rewarding the rich , where were some of these clowns for the eight years of trillions spent all unfunded then tax cuts to pay off the gop bills of shame , but its easier to attack and divert the real attention as they always do ,,, just watch here no one will take responsibly for the gop train wreak , my point yes the bills gotta be paid and a budget , but to escape blame when their the ones who made the mess is really un-American !

Republicans are going to lose again if they keep insisting on privatizing SS and turning Medicare into a voucher program.  We don't need to punish the average citizen just so Paul Ryan can give even bigger tax cuts to the rich.  This is a LOSING ideology.

Our budget for the next several years - MORE MONEY, MORE TAXES, MORE MONEY, MORE TAXES, MORE MONEY, MORE TAXES, tax break for the rich!  Bad news, our politicians could not come up with a balanced budget. They'll try again in 2017 or 2018!

"slashing"?  I'm sure if it had been the Democrats wanting these cuts, a different word would have been used.

blah,blah,blah.....as usual the gop remains stuck on stupid....

They could cut 20% if they were serious. Waste,duplicate programs, free cell phones and aid to the countries that hate us. They could also cut chewbacca's staff down t 1 person

these people don't care.  like an alcoholic who owns a bar.

We use to get feed in schools by retired mothers, they didn't mind having a 3 to 4 hr. a day job and liked the extra money. And if you were poor and did'nt have money, they still feed you..And when she could, my mother would wait on the poor kids to get out, to sneak food out for them to take home. But under Carter's they started selling the caffeterias to catering &amp; soda vendors, to bring in more funds for the Unions..

There just seems to be no middle ground anywhere in Congress, whether it's the Senate or the House.  It doesn't matter what part of the political spectrum you fall under, since no one likes political posturing.  These fools can't get anything done and we keep paying them.  The only way they will get the message is if we vote every single one of them out no matter what party they represent.  This game has gone on way too long.California passed a five year retroactive tax on business ! Communism/Socialism never works, never has, because you always run out of other peoples money..

NO SH-T.........NOTHING ACCOMPLISHED EITHER..........ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ

Look at Van Hollows Face..Now does that look like a man thats willing to negotiate ?He looks like his p--sed off over the golf game he's missing out on..

So basically lawmakers in the nations capital have again decided to punt! We are kcking the can for another year. We have stalled long enough to tell the American public it is imperative that we pass something to keep the government running. No debt reduction, more lip service, and a punt. Unbelievable!

obama really needs to coherently explain to me how the annual deficit and the total debt under bush were unpatriotic but the much much higher that his budgets are driving us to are a valid solution

"I'm sorry, our elected officials can't come out to play right now. Thay have work (sic) to do"

The only good politician is a dead politician.

Our congress and senate animals need to  learn how to control their wasteful spending.

Would that be the budgets for 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013? Are these budgets going to die on Dingy Harry's desk like all the budgets submitted by the Pubs? Just askin.............

New Democrat 1040EZ Form.How much did you make?Send it to us.unless we go back to the pioneer days where one could be self sufficient and grow and hunt their own food and cut wood to heat their house and trade a chicken for a doctor visit everyone is at the mercy of someone to provide a job that meets their needs or turn to the government. when we create conditions that we lose jobs where do people turn. If Republicans want to take the stance of cutting safety nets then I suggest they work on the job problem first. there is a difference between someone wanting a job and cannot find one than someone wanting something for nothing.

28% of current workers say they cant afford to retire, guess the high gas and food prices took care of that Social Security shortage..Obama didn't just push grandma off the cliff, he's after your older Aunts and Uncles....

Funny the Democrats had no budget in four years now they are in a hurry to beat the Republicans.  Its clear America would have gotten more done had we of elected Republicans to the White House

Ryan  is toxic, spreading voodoo math in the republican .WHEN WILL THEY WAKE UP AND RID THEMSELVES OF THAT SNAKE. Another reason Romney lost.

Why bother?  Nothing will get passed or signed by this administration unless we take some more!!

Virtually no coverage of the Democrat budget proposal after a barrage of articles trying to negatively spin the Republican budget.  Even in this Liberal/Democrat puff piece you need to read real closely to catch the sentence where the Dem's budget does nothing to reduce the deficit, does nothing to curtail entitlement spending which will bankrupt the country.

We have the most obese kids in the whole world !Who in the he!! they trying to chit..Spent an hour at Wal-Mart Yahoo...God that name fits them soooo well.

When did Eddie Munster become a chairman?

Why do republicans waste time on ACA whenit is history. Just for one time let the President go forward with his agenda if it fails then u get a chance to ein the white house unless u are afraid he might be successful

Get it done or You're FIRED!!!!!!!!!!!!Congress Works on Budget What a joke read onTHE ONLY THING WRONG WITH THE GOVERNMENT'S CALCULATION OF AVAILABLE SOCIAL SECURITY IS THEY FORGOT TO FIGURE IN THE PEOPLE WHO DIED BEFORE THEY EVER COLLECTED A SOCIAL SECURITY CHECK!!!WHERE DID THAT MONEY GO?Remember, not only did you and I contribute to Social Security but your employer did, too.It totaled 15% of your income before taxes.If you averaged only $30K over your working life, that's close to $220,500.Read that again.Did you see where the Government paid in one single penny?We are talking about the money you and your employer put in a Government bank to insure you and I that we would have a retirement check from the money we put in, not the Government.Now they are calling the money we put in an entitlement when we reach the age to take it back.If you calculate the future invested value of $4,500 per year (yours &amp; your employer's contribution) at a simple 5% interest (less than what the Government pays on the money that it borrows), after 49 years of working you'd have $892,919.98.If you took out only 3% per year, you'd receive $26,787.60 per year and it would last better than 30 years (until you're 95 if you retire at age 65) and that's with no interest paid on that final amount on deposit! If you bought an annuity and it paid 4% per year, you'd have a lifetime income of $2,976.40 per month.What happens to the money of those who die before they get to collect, is that free money for the government or wasn't that supposed to go toward increasing our trust fund's anuity?THE FOLKS IN WASHINGTON HAVE PULLED OFF A BIGGER PONZI SCHEME THAN BERNIE MADOFF EVER DID.Entitlement my foot, I paid cash for my social security insurance!Just because they borrowed the money for other government spending, doesn't make my benefits some kind of charity or handout!!Remember Congressional benefits? --- free healthcare, outrageous retirement packages, 67 paid holidays, three weeks paid vacation, unlimited paid sick days. Now that's welfare, and they have the nerve to call my social security retirement payments entitlements?We're "broke" and we can't help our own Seniors, Veterans, Orphans, or Homeless. Yet in the last few months we have provided aid to Haiti, Chile and Turkey. And now Pakistan......home of bin Laden. Literally, BILLIONS of DOLLARS!!!  And they can't help our own citizens in New York and New Jersey!  They sure rushed to help Katrina victims in 10 days!!!!!I guess minorities have more clout!Our retired seniors living on a 'fixed S.S. Income receive no additional federal aid nor do they get any financial breaks, while our government and religious organizations pour hundreds of billions of $$$ and tons of food to foreign countries!They call Social Security and Medicare an entitlement even though most of us have been paying for it all our working lives, and now, when it's time for us to collect, the government is running out of money.Why did the government borrow from it in the first place?It was supposed to be in a locked box, not part of the general fund.They stole from Us, Sad isn't it.

love that picture! wheres my drink bartender?

This groups should get paid in six month! lol!

Wait!  The article says the catch-all bill (the one in the senate) is likely to pass the house and go to the president for his signature?  Really?  With a trillion dollars in higher taxes?  The Speaker of the House has already said there will be no talk of higher revenues.  At least parts of this article are full of #$%$.  Thanks Yahoo!

Why did Boehner on an interview say that the spending and debt aren't really that bad? Is he trying to help Obama spend more? If this spending doesn't stop what happened in Cypress could easily happen here and your children and grandchildren will never get out of debt from China.

We need the FairTax right now.

Republican congress are Suicide Bombers on American EconomyRepublican congress want to use Sequestration, Debt Ceiling crisis, Fiscal cliff and Debt Limit threat to Blow up American Economy and force us back into Recession unless we eliminate everythings that help the middle class, poors, seniors, students for Tax breaks and Tax loopholes for the wealthy

Republican congress will kill Jobs and Growth in the name of Deficit ReductionRepublican wants to take Americans through the desert of austerity, Sequestration, Debt Ceiling crisis, Fiscal cliff and Debt Limit threat by eliminating everything that helps the middle class, poors, students and seniors for Tax Loopholes for the wealthy. History suggests that a tenuous recovery is no time to practice austerity. Republicans congress turn away from promoting growth and jobs to premature focus on only deficit reduction, could slow growth and increase unemployment – and could push us back into recession.

Get ready for a "wealth tax".  Every year the government will tax a percentage of "what you are worth".  Advocate for smaller government.

Who's side are you on.  The Republicons want to balance the budget by keeping all the tax breaks for Corporations and the wealthy.  While getting new revenue by killing all the Social safety nets and programs, The Big Three included.  The Democrats want to generate revenue by taking away Corporate tax loopholes and subsidies.  Get laws passed that do not allow the wealthy to hide their money overseas.Paul Ryan is one of the biggest problems in Washington as is John Boehner.  Want a budget that works?  Cut Congressional pay and their healthcare for life at taxpayer expense.  And cut unnecessary government agencies, like all of them.

We have the most obest poor Mothers in the world, that feed their kids the same way..I'm begining to re-think that Roswell Alien thingy..You think the Alien's plan might be to slowly fatten up the herd ?

Re-peal obamacare,and the economy will start BOOMING ?

".....ready for obamas signature"?  What a joke....he doesn't care what it says....he will do as he wants.....PERIOD!

Just think about it: the last time the Senate passed a budget, the iPad didn't even exist. Millions have been sold while the dems/Obama spent and added 7.7 trillion.CNN: Obama's own words on u tube video. "Bush was irresponsible/unpatriotic/incompetent for raising Nat Debt from 5 to 9 trillion and spending 4 trillion in just 8 shorts yrs all by his lonesome, putting 30k on every man, women &amp; child's credit card to the bank of China." Its now over 52k per person, almost double. Obama has gone from 9 trillion to 16.7 trillion in 4 yrs. spending 7.7 trillion. Who is incompetent Obama???Obama can be on time with his March Madness bracket picks, but not a budget. All of Obama's budgets have been late. The last one by law was due Feb 8th. Now it will be April 8th, 1st time in 92 yrs the POTUS budget has not come 1st as per US law. Dems have had a blank check for the last 4 yrs.Even if Obama does do a budget, Not 1 dem has voted for Barack Hussein Obama’s budgets. NOT ONE. That is a documented fact of history. Voted down 414-0 and 97-0 in 2011 &amp; 2012.How 'bout the Dem Senate do away with the Senate Barbershop costing taxpayers over $350,000 a yr for free haircuts and shoeshines?Reps in Senate got shot down to get rid of it cause dems say people would loose their jobs. Heck let the Senators pay for their own haircuts and shoeshines.Reps in the US house did away with their free haircuts in 1995 saving 1.2 million per yr when Republicans gained control of the house for the first time since the 1950s in Clinton's 3rd and 4th yrs.New poll: Is The Sequester Affecting You?No 100%Yes 0%Nope, just closing WH tours for kids.Dems from LBJ (who started it all, passing a law to rob SS Trust Fund, bad loans Fannie/Freddie, Medicaid, allowing unions in gov't (even FDR warned against it) &amp; starting the welfare socialist spread the wealth road to the US becoming Greece, to Clinton, put the building blocks of this depression in place. 77% of the time, Dems have controlled the purse strings and Congress, 46 of the last 60 yrs since 1950, &amp; in the Senate by dems over 84% of the time (over 50 of the last 60 yrs. The Dem. party has had the majority in both houses over 81% of the time.Senate has not passed a budget in 4 yrs and now their budget resolution "would raise taxes on Americans by $1.5 trillion to pay for increased spending and increase spending 62% … on top of the $1.7 trillion in tax increases already signed into law during the Obama admin to pay for Obamacare and the 620 billion Obama got this yr.The Senate Democrat plan offers $7.3 trillion in new debt with interest payments climbing to $791 billion in the tenth year and total debt rising to $24.4 trillion vs the House Republican plan, in contrast balances the budget and produces a surplus in the tenth year.Reality Check! Obama Supporters Angry at New Tax Increases on 77% of all workers making under 250k to help pay billions to support Obamas lavish lifestyle. In in the Hawaiian newspapers: Obama Lifestyle Criticized as ‘Royal’: Author Documents, $1.4 Billion Annually for Obama &amp; his family vs. only $58 Million for the royal family a yr by Brits.

haven't had one in 6 years now, so where is the news media coverage of toilet paper on buts

Congress spent 66 days trying to decide if they should get back to work. Both sides deliberated

Ya and I own a pig that does geometry for a hobby!

Sickening, Obama has been in control for over four years and still no budget.

The picture says it all: guy on the left dont look to be buying it, lady on the end looks damn near dead , and  yet  the man in the middle goes on about something that will never happen! Keep up the hard work!by budget you mean congress is working on when they will give their selves that next pay raise and how much for not doing their job that the american people hired them for !

Paul Ryan pledges to go after the working poor and middle class.

Sure....and I've been "working on" painting my deck for 5 years. Just ask my wife!

It's pork barrel spending when it's in someone else's district or state. If a rep gets local funding he's a great rep. It's always been this way, and I don't see it changing. Truth is we have always been in debt and probably will continue to be so.

Public Union Employees = Welfare Recipients

No More Blank Checks for Obama !....

all about a bunch of children sqabiling at the sand box.

Giving generous tax breaks to the rich.....while slashing social welfare programs/food-stamps to the poor.....is a TAX ON THE POOR.

Is Paul Rayn going to cut his entitlement how about Bill Clinton gets $84,000 a month entitlement that is not his retirement is he going to cut Bill's entitement NO then keep your hands off the working people, we paid into SS how much do you pay Rayn.Taxpayers have to  pay for you bumb.

If obama refuses to cut spending then shut the damn government downthey have done  nothing in 4 years ,and will do nothing now

I have got to know , where were these guys (some not elected yet) in the year 2000 ? that is when the true down to earth budget hawks should have been climbing out their holes and demanding savings accounts and cuts for all branches of government ! but as we know that was not to be the case at all , first the spending orgy along with the trillions in tax giveaways that began the spiral downward debt gotten us into ,, its not to late of course to fix the problems but lets be clear on where these cuts are taking place ,, on the backs of middle America or on the shoulders of the corporatist greed wall street !

Who are you people fooling? Obama could care less about a budget or this Country! Under him and his administration we are doomed for failure!

Ryan and his fat cat donors vs. mom and pop feeding their children and grandma. A budget battle for the ages!

More of the same old s--- from the pres. and senate. A balanced approach, TAX/SPEND. The only balance they know. The Repub. budget doesn't even cut spending it just slows it to about 3.5% a year.

Imagine the amount of earmarks it would take for bipartisanship to succeed in this Congress.

so the reps balance the budget, cut spending and don't raise any more taxes.  the democrats raise taxes, stop the sequester and reduce the amount of cuts...but call it the 'balanced approach'.  You just know some flunky in their ranks said 'listen, if we call it 'balanced' it'll make it sound okay.

Democrats think it's OK to live off a credit card.That's one reason there are no jobs!

Governments worldwide lose more than $3.1 trillion in annual revenue because of tax evasion, according to a report published Friday. The equivalent of more than 5.1 percent of global gross domestic product never reaches the coffers of 145 national governments in the form of taxes, according to the report by The Tax Justice Network, an independent group that promotes financial transparency. The report is based on figures from the World Bank. The lost taxes are mainly from the shadow economy, or cash transactions that were hidden deliberately from the tax authorities. “If more had been done to tackle the rampant tax evasion, Europe would not be facing a crisis today,” Richard Murphy, the author of the report, said in a statement. Italy loses €183 billion, or $242 billion, to tax evasion a year, and its debt of €1.9 trillion represents just over 10 years of tax evasion, he said countries like Italy and Greece have vowed to crack down on tax evasion and cash transactions for goods and services that fall below the authorities’ radar. Germany and Britain signed an agreement with Switzerland about recovering some tax revenue from accounts held by their citizens in Swiss banks. South America has the world’s largest shadow economy compared with its G.D.P., followed by Africa and Europe, where income hidden from the tax authorities amounts to about 20.5 percent of G.D.P. That compares with 10.8 percent in North America, according to the report. The figures do not include income from criminal behavior like smuggling or the illegal drug trade. The United States lost the most tax revenue in absolute terms — $337 billion — followed by Brazil and Italy. But at 8.6 percent, the U.S. shadow economy is also the smallest as a percentage of G.D.P. That compares with 15 percent of G.D.P. in France, 16 percent in Germany and 27.5 percent in Greece. (from New York Times Global Business News/November 2011).

Dear God!!! it's taken them so long to get a budget passed that the poor woman at the right of the table has died!Work??????????????? Are you ure bummer and his minions know what that is?  Can't Tiger get time off to paly golf?

budget? is that what they call tax breaks for the rich?

Senates plan raises taxes and increases government spending. Is this what we want.

Many are deluded into believing that if we just continue to kiss the backsides of the rich...that we too will someday be rich and/or famous.....so we keeping kicking the poor who are farther down on the ladder....as we reach upwards to hold hands with the rich...who many of us now worship as Gods. It's OK to be rich....it's NOT OK to be greedy.

Has any government official replaced the money borrowed from the people's social security account?

Budget, the USA hasn't needed a budget since Obama became president why worry about one now, we are doing OK.

Obama, you're a smart guy.  You went to Harvard, taught at Chicago.  Let's end this deficit problem once and for all.  On April 16th, the day after al of our taxes have been collected, you, Michelle, Joe, and your Democratic friends from CA and IL go out and buy lotto tickets with all the collected tax money.  It's a can't loose.Even the schools that the lotterys (allegedly) support will have surpluses!Problem solved.Finally.Thank you.A Democratic solution to a Democratic problem!

I thought we didn't have a debt problem?

I've been GOP since IKE(1952)- and think I understand USA Politics by now BUT how can present GOP Leaders NOT UNDERSTAND why the MAJORITY of USA Citizens DO NOT FAVOR PRESENT  GOP POLICIES- (1)-US has 20 to 30 MILLION Poorer Residents mostly of Voting age,  with NO HEALTH INSURANCE -OBAMACARE WILL COVER MOST OF THEM -GOP Leaders say-REPEAL: OBAMACARE -this threatens these 20 to 30 million potential Voters and millions of other Voters affected or sympathetic e.g.--Family ,charitable groups  churches etc-,. many who  would normally not even consider Voting-helps Dems "Get Out The Vote " (2)-Military-take it from this Old Soldier, vast majority of USA sick of global policing  type invasions of places no one here cares about-and the enormous loss of our Bravest and bankrupting USA-Lots more but present GOP Leaders want "boots on the ground" to woo Latinos and other Minorities-WHAT -is this some sort of Hangover sequel ?

Doesn't matter what these guys do. Obama will circumvent and keep spending us all into poverty.alright congress you havent passed a budget in 5 years, lets take it one step at a time and concentrate on this years budget (overdue) because I wouldnt want you all to take on too much work because if you did, you might actually be worth what we pay you...

That piece of #$%$ they call a president will never balance a damn thing until we put him out of office or hang the turd.

They're telling the American people they are working on a budget. How long have they been saying this? It's like the boy crying wolf. I'll believe they have a budget when they actually have one, not working on it.

big whoop

When the rich threaten to move their businesses and bank accounts OFFSHORE....or move to the Authoritarian Communist nation of China...... to avoid paying taxes to the democracies of Europe and America...this is defined as EXTORTION.

The GOP is about to implode.

If multinational corporations/the rich continue to stash their money in Swiss/Cayman Island bank accounts etc. to avoid taxes.....Switzerland and the Cayman Islands may be the only countries left on earth with enough tax base to support civil/democratic governments.

Come on Mr. Taylor, put the truth out there instead of the democratic spin!  The Democrats' Budget never balances and pays off the debt and does not stabilize it!  Why do you just repeat the Democratic talking points about the Republican plan instead of explaining the Republican plan in detail.  I thought Obamacare was suppose to take care of healthcare for the poor but  “We know it’s going to be messy,” said Jeffrey Crowley, a former top Obama aide that helped shape Obamacare. “There are going to be things that come up that are unanticipated.”  Even this morning the President and CEO of Aetna Insurance said"Prepare for Obamacare Premium "Rate Shock" With 100 Percent Increases Possible Next Year."  And you Mr. Taylor demonize the Republicans for slashing healtcare to the poor?  Please!!!!

Uh-OH, Obama!!!!! Sounds like MORE 'sequester' type stuff!! Better get your new limits, committed to memory. NO. If you pull another 'sequester' tantrum again, it will NOT 'be blameable upon Congress'....................

To cut the deficit, get rid of the DemoRATS.  They only want to tax and spend more.  Part of the deficit cuts should be all politicians' salarieds benefits, perks and graft.  Reduce all government departments by 5 percent.  Any department that can't handle that shouldn't be in business.  Stop giving our money to foreign countries.  This also cuts down on globe trotting trips by idiotic diplomats who don't know what they arfe doing."Balanced budget."  Ryan's current mantra.  No expense unless accounted for by an equal amount of income.  How nice and simple.  How many of you have a mortgage?  A car loan.?  A home equity loan?  A college loan?  If you have any of those debts, you are not maintaining a "balanced budget".

No, Congress works on their reelection next year, anything for the people is rescinded.

The Democrat budget has 1.3 trillion dollars in new taxes. HE will, HE will, TAX you!

Amazing what gets accomplished with both Obama and Biden out of the country.

they will not get anything done. watch and see how they screw that up.

When the rich threaten to move their bank accounts offshore to avoid paying taxes to the democracies of Europe and America....this is defined as EXTORTION. When the rich threaten to move their corporations/factories/businesses to Authoritarian Communist China and other dictatorial nations......to avoid U.S./European labor/wage laws....to avoid U.S./European pollution laws....and to avoid paying U.S./European taxes.....this is defined as EXTORTION. Many of these wealthy love vacationing and living part-time in the democracies of the West....they just don't want to PAY TAXES to support these western democracies.....and now we are seeing the ensuing dismantling of these western democracies through lack of tax revenue/tax funding. People never realize what they have lost until it's gone. Corporatism is just communism come full circle. Communist China is the world's largest corporation....with the communist party as corporate board of directors.Communist China is now also one of the most polluted nations on earth with 68% of it's ground and river water SEVERELY polluted.

And obama and his senete has done what again . Im glad somebody is trying .its a start

What a joke this is.

The problem with a flat tax is that the guy that makes $15,000 pays $1,500 in taxes and has enough left over to rent a room in a crack house......while the guy who makes $100 million pays $10 million.....and has $90 million left over to buy 15 mansions.....a fleet of luxury cars...a cabin cruiser...and eat caviar, steak and drink expensive wine for the next 500 years....while stashing much of the money in foreign bank accounts to avoid paying AMERICAN taxes on it.

In order to enslave the poor, you first have to demonize and dehumanize them by calling them lazy, drug addicts and criminals who don't have any money because they are evil. After you have convinced the general public of this evil stereo-type you are free to cut-off their social welfare benefits, employ them as your personal wage slaves without healthcare or a livable wage...and even move your business to a communist country like China, where, citizens cannot vote...or protest their working conditions/pollution without grave threat to their freedom. Demonize/enslave, demonize/enslave, demonize/enslave, demonize/enslave.....straight out of the right-wing Republican playbook. Are there any African Americans out there......does this sound familiar?The best budget congress could write would be to DELETe congressional pay from this or any future budgets.  If they love the country so much they should be willing to do it for the "love of country"

Every elected offical is ignoring the fact that welfare is the problem and govt. waiste as well. And they want to take it out on Seniors. I read where they said only 1/3rd of medicaed is being paid they are ignoring the fact that for 45 years seniors pre paid for medicare and now pay like $129 a month for it on top of the 3% of their lifetime wages they already paid and could not use it. What happend to the 500 billion in fraud Obama was going to get back and you just stold another 750 billion out of it to pay for those who do not have insurance. You want to restructure how you figure increases by lower food cost. Believe me after last 3 years they can not find any cheaper food 2 years no raise and only 1.7% this year. Does anyone think their cost of living only went up 1.7% over past 3 years? A clerk for govt makes over $52K a year same job in real world only pays $32K. Not to mention lower retirement age more benifits and vacation time the govt. gets. Start by bringing them down to the real world we have to live under. We are in a mess and mostly because of waiste, over paid govt people, welfare and illegals drawing on our money. I read out of the 11 million they want to make citizens over 10 million would qualify for aid "so where is that money comming from" you built a society that depends and think that they should receive welfare it is time to stop that. You talk about Rosevelt well he gave them jobs to earn the money not just hand outs to set and shut up and vote democrat. Kinda like the CC camps.

One things for sure, rewarding 12 million illegal criminals with amnesty isn’t going to solve any immigration problem, and it certainly isn’t going to help the economy, jobs, or our debt issues. So can we throw that horrible idea out now?

transparent  =parent of undicieded   gay or lesbian teen

They close the white house tours down but if they collected the over due taxes from Government employees that would cover keeping the white house open.That and the Obama quit giving parties like the St Patrick day party what a waste of our money .But no white house tours .

We dont have a debt problem as of now idiots,  the other day on the news on cnn boehner confirmed it out of his own mouth  for all of us to hear, he agrees with obama and said at this moment we have no dept crieses are you all deaf who keep on sayingh that untrue  talking point, no debt crises at this moment get it in to your heads folks  its the conservatives who cant  stop telling those lies the tea party  becouse  of theire dislike of obama so they have to say no to it even they know better and dummies out there  who are tone deaf keep on believing it

27000 page Tax-code   only Benefit the Corporations.Congress needs to revise "ALL OF IT! Ryan s Budget is heavily flawed . Seniors Medicare is slashed by 756 billion dollars , while the Top Earners receive a 25 % Tax-cut. Who is Ryan working for....  well its not the hard working Middle -class....!

obama cancels the wh Easter egg hunt,... but,.....he also sends FDA agents go INTO MEXICO ,..... and gives out foodstamps to 1.4 MILLION MEXICAN nationals

They're all working on a plan to bankrupt this country in the next 5 years.

Well the democrats want to cut a whole 600 billion from the deficit in 10 years  .I don't think that would cut the interest we have on our debt let alone do anything to stop it from growing.Especially when they spend a trillion dollars a more every year.So where is the beef .There sure nothing in the democrats budget .No one will ever take the republican party seriously. Anytime a group of people are disrespectful they will always be considered trash. There ARE no ideas for progress. And Hannity is a clown

Did Boehner, have a sobriety test? If he passed it , there is a chance

REPUBLICANS WANT TO MAKE COLLEGE UNAFFORDABLE

The far-right loves the bible passage: "if you don't work you don't eat". The bible says "if you don't work you don't eat"...but we can assume that this meant working at a job with fair/just wages...and safe working conditions. The bible does not say: "if you don't become a wage-slave working for sub-human wages you don't eat".

I know that if I just suck up to the rich enough...while bashing the poor as lazy resource parasites.....my Lord and savior will reward me with billions in cash and stock options...and noontime lunches with my hero...Donald Trump.

How about cutting all unessary travel and parties at the white house and request GAO a report of the travel and vacation expenses Tourist in Chief and family has spent and publish it.....

Cutting food stamps and programs for the poor sounds great to working Americans, but it will put a huge burden on them.  A far better approach would be to make a concerted effort to stop abuses in these programs and severly punish the abusers.  Also, establishing a work program for those able to work would help them to gain back their self esteem and give back to our Country so that we get something in return for helping the poor. Why is it the people least able to afford it have to pay dearly for our Nations financial problems.

Who died before they could draw their Social Security?KEEP PASSING THIS AROUND UNTIL EVERY ONE HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO READ IT... THIS IS SURE SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT!!!! THE ONLY THING WRONG WITH THE GOVERNMENT'S CALCULATION OF AVAILABLE SOCIAL SECURITY IS THEY FORGOT TO FIGURE IN THE PEOPLE WHO DIED BEFORE THEY EVER COLLECTED A SOCIAL SECURITY CHECK!!! WHERE DID THATMONEY GO?Remember, not only did you and I contribute to Social Security, but your employer did, too. It totals 15% of your income before taxes. If you averaged only $30K over your working life, that's close to $220,500. Read that again!Did you see where the Government paid in one single penny?We are talking about the money you and your employer put in a Government bank to insure you and I that we would have a retirement check from the money we put in, not the Government. Now they are calling the money we put in an ENTITLEMENT when we reach the age to take it back.If you calculate the future invested value of $4,500 per year (yours &amp; your employer's contribution) at a simple 5% interest (less than what the Government pays on the money that it borrows), after 49 years of working you'd have $892,919.98. If you took out only 3% per year, you'd receive $26,787.60 per year and it would last better than 30 years (until you're 95 if you retire at age 65) and that's with no interest paid on that final amount on deposit! If you bought an annuity and it paid 4% per year, you'd have a lifetime income of $2,976.40 per month. If you have a deceased spouses who died in their 50's -- their S.S. money will never have one cent drawn from what they paid into S.S. all their lives over the past 30 years!THE FOLKS IN WASHINGTON HAVE PULLED OFF A BIGGER PONZI SCHEME THAN BERNIE MADOFF EVER DID.Entitlement my foot, I paid cash for my social security insurance! Just because they borrowed the money for other government spending, doesn't make my benefits some kind of charity or handout!!Remember Congressional benefits? --- free healthcare, outrageous retirement packages, 67 paid holidays, three weeks paid vacation, unlimited paid sick days.Now that's welfare!!! And they have the nerve to call my social security retirement payments entitlements?!?We're "broke" and we can't help our own Seniors, Veterans, Orphans, or Homeless.Yet in the last few months we have provided aid to Haiti, Chile and Turkey. And now Pakistan......home of bin Laden. Literally, BILLIONS... if not TRILLIONS of DOLLARS are unaccounted for!!!They call Social Security and Medicare an entitlement even though most of us have been paying for it all our working lives, and now, when it's time for us to collect, the government is running out of money. Why did the government borrow from it in the first place? It was supposed to be in a locked box, not part of the general fund.

Amazing! They're working on balancing a budget. Something americans do everyday.

Here's an idea to increase revenue stream for Dems and have balanced budgets and surplus for REPS. The number of sex scandals from Kennedy, Bubba Clinton, Menendez, etc, why not tax sex? Be in the black in no time.REPUBLICANS ARE USING THE SENIORS DISABLED &amp; COLLEGE STUDENTSas their shield in their war ON THE PEOPLE OF THE NATION TO GIVE THEIR KIDS.............................................the upper hand in the future

there is no blueprint - its not going to happen (bypartisianship anyway).These guys are so far apart it will never happen

what a waste of time.. voting on plans that none will pass, what are they paid for? I feel betrayed and used by our government, will they ever over look their own views and those of the top 1% and consider  the other 99% of us? All of washington has become a bunch of whining self serving little rich boys that would get their tails handed to them and they would never make it if they were out in the real world with the rest of us having to deal with real problems , instead they have their fingers up their azzzzzzes in washington. fire the whole lot of them, we need a fresh start with those who really represent  America  !!!

atleast we have ryan trying.... the liberals are tearing our once mighty country into bits

The Trick Is To Get Rid Of Every Republican Obstructionist Sellout To The 1%! . . . I Can't Even BEGIN To Imagine How Much Money The Kochs And The DuPonts And The Coors, Etc. Have Stuffed Into Each Of Their Greedy Little House And Senate Pocket To Advance They're 15 Takeover Of The United States! . . . What's WORSE!----I Was ONCE A REPUBLICAN!

cONGRESS wORKING,......DOESN'T COMPUTE,....TELL ME ANOTHER FAIRY TALE!

I just heard Obama in his own words say, I dont want to balance the budget just for the sake of balancing the budget...whaaaa #$%$ this man has some brass balls.

House Budget ... generally resembles prior ones, relying on higher tax revenues enacted in January.  So, once again the Republicans gave in and raised taxes just like Obama asked.  He said they would cut, still waiting Democrats.  Anybody else not holding their breath either?

Already to late for 2013 budget, one quarter of the year is already gone.  What's the hurry now, haven't had one in 4 years, now that there is no money, they want a budget???  Get the boy out of the Whties House and back into the Chicago welfare system and things will be better.

We elect Congressional representatives to produce revenue and appropriations legislation.  An omnibus spending bill is weak tea.  What we need is the leaders of the Senate and House to bring bills to vote as they are produced from committee.  We also need the minority in the Senate to stop abusing holds and filibuster and the House leader to forgo the Hastert rule.  Stand up and vote for your constituents or your conscience, it makes no difference how, as long as you stand up and vote.  Stop posturing and start working.we wont work with anybody not a republican

Bottom line- Republicans want to lower tax rates, downsize government, get rid of Obama care taxes, big obama care taxes, and cut the rate of budget increases each department gets every year.Bottom line- Democrats want to raise taxes / revenue, expand government, keep obama care taxes, big taxes, increase the budgets and  budget increases for each department.Wow, and we are broke and heading for Europe's problems and Greece's problems.Why would anyone want our country to go deeper in debt,and then take more money from it's citizens to pay for foreign country's aid, when we cannot even feed ourselves. Why would anyone hurt our military family's that struggle already, by taking away there pay, when they make nothing as it is. Why would anyone want to give huge debt's to there children and grand children.I know, the democrats and there liberal agenda for there so called war against social justice. They are telling people the biggest lie's and are taking away our freedoms.We should be taking care of our economy so people can work, and not taking so much from those that do. We should be getting rid of all our debt to foreign country's and China. Have energy independent's gas, oil, coal, natural gas, green energy, anything and everything.

BUSH JUNIOR TOLD THE REPUBLICAN PARTY YOU CANNOT BALANCE THE BUDGET off the backs of the poorSO HE TOLD THE REPUBLICANS TO GO TO HELL........bush junior is a GOOD MAN

I READ RYANS PLAN &amp; who says republicans do not do drugs??......THEY BLAME DEMOCRATS FOR WASHINGTONS SPENDING PROBLEM OF THE LAST 12 YEARS WITH THE 3,200 CHANGES MADE TO THE TAX CODE SINCE BUSH TOOK OFFICE 2001It is clear to see that the republicans ARE JUST ACTINGLIKE THEY WON THE ELECTION &amp; THEY WILL CONTINUE TO CRIPPLE ANYTHING OBAMA WANTS TO DO TO SAVE THE NATION..........REAGANOMICS DID THIS AND IN 12 YEARS THE DEFICIT WENT UP 12 TRILLION DOLLARS george bus junior went back to reaganomics

Why cant the senate just take a spoonful of Nancy Pelosi and just pass it to see whats in it????

The only reason they are working on a budget in the first place is because if they don't their pay will go into an escrow account until 2014, which means they will not get paid. Or hasn't anyone been paying attention. These people don't care if we have a budget or not, This is about their pay being with-held and the president's legacy, He said he doesn't want to leave office without a budget being passed; but if you look they haven't even attempted to pass any type of budget and have blocked any attempt at a budget since he has been in Office.You can't prove this isn't about their pay being with-held or how the president looks in the polls or his legacy

A monkey can solve a problem by throwing money at it, however it takes a real leader to do it the right way and the way I see it we have a Congress full of primates and nobody to lead. 51% of the voters screwed the 48% that contribute such a pathetic country we live in!

If republicans would target spending cuts on those who abuse and are frauds and leave those of us alone who only want the programs we've paid for, we would not have the opposition we see to cuts. It's as if the GOP wants to take the easy way out and take from the ones easiest to take from.

Democrats &amp; their Idiot Libfa6base Know that if Any budget passes the democrat party is through &amp; can no longer buy anybodys Vote..The GOP Permanant Congressional Congress is less than 500 days away in 2014

I Hate To Break This You, But---'There Is No Republican Budget For 2013! . . . The Only Plan They Have Is To Hand Every Last Penny Over To The 1%,---Minus They're Cut, OF COURSE! . . . .CONGRESS WORKS ON A BUDGET JUST LIKE GENERAL WILLIAM TECUMSEH SHERMAN!!! Who destroyed the South for 150/yrs and the republicans are still punishingthose Red States because Sherman was a Republican and doesn't want to see thesouth rise again!

The last time the budget was balanced was 1957! So what's the friggin problem? We have had several surpluses and they disappeared during Repukelickers presidential terms as I remember it. Good God! The GOP is as pure as the driven slush on all of this balance the budget concern. JOBS&lt; JOBS&lt; JOBS! It is the only way to balance the budget.

Ryan is like Boehner and McConnell, he will cave, he is not a true conservative.  He feeds us a little red meat and then backs away from his words.  Rubio is not a true conservative, he says what he thinks he wants us to know.  Dr. Ben hasn't ever changed his stance, Rand Paul, Allen West  doesn't change his stance and Cruz is at least is brave enough to fight.  Come on America, we have got to stop the establishment GOP they have joined forces with the democrats.Boehner was a disgrace to our party on the Sunday shows.  He trust Obama, if he does, that proves we shouldn't trust him.  He is inept.

With P. Ryan there you can be sure nothing will be accomplished!

All of a suddon we have Ryan the runner is the news twice this week and I can't remember ever seeing him in the news for anything before he so galluantly lost the presidential race with hid buddy Rummnie. I am curious as to how and why we see him now ? Could it be a favor $$$$ to somone.

Remember when Bush said that surpluses are for spending in spite of the large national debt at that time and his VP Cheney uttered that deficit spending is good.Lets just  Have the temporarily created tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 revoked.Temporay means for a short time.Since it was a grave mistake to go to war and reduce taxes someone has to pay the piper now.  I remember  when income taxes were over 50%.Let patriotism ring.

Two hounds growling over the bone while the FED in another article continues to pump money out of thin air.

Paul Ryan &amp; the rest of the Republicans don't give a damn about the middle class or working poor.... They just want to make sure that the rich get all of the tax loop holes that they need....Voted Republican all of my voting years, sad to say it looks like it's time for a change.....

Cats out of the bag, Obama pointed out that this whole budget thing has been blown out of preportion and when put on the spot Paul Ryan admitted as much. Our infrastructure is falling apart around us, schools are closing, we are the only 1st world nation without a highspeed rail system or universal health care. Stop listening to these Ayn Rand quoting billionaire lackys. These people want to take our country back to the way thing were in 1902. Put down the Glen Beck book and go get U S history college text book. Might be surprised what you learn.

Revolution I say! New World order is out new America is what we need. It would wipe out a deficit and really stop government spending!bush PROMISED A BUNCH OF THINGS MAINLY HE WAS BETTER THAN CLINTON &amp; democrats were too slow he ............................CAN RUN UP DEBT FASTER THAN ANY PRESIDENT SINCE HOOVER.................OBAMA JUST INHERITED ALL THE REPUBLICAN CRIMES AGAINST THE NATION.......just what their plan is they promise to screw the people

It is cute how they pretend that there won't be a currency crisis due to defaulting, and the eventual worldwide rejection of the dollar.  The American dream is only as good as our belief that paper IOU's have intrinsic value.

Republicans plan on cutting tax revenue to make the nation grow and protect their childrensan bernadino is a poor southern california red county..They are filing for bankruptcy while in the process of filing for bankruptcythey approved pay raises for cops &amp; firefighters to be paid the same as any 6 other richer california cities....to remain competitivethose wacky southern california republicans have been kicked out of sacramento so now they are attacking the tax payers of all california

mean  hatefull  people

well obamas budget czar didnt do to well the last 4 yrs, someone better come up with something

Congress isn't competent enough to pass wind, let alone pass a budget.

hahahaha budget!! hahahaha future!!

You apathetic fools who think all of the woes of this Country are caused by the dems are the real problem. You sat back enjoying the next sporting event or the latest nightime soap opera while both parties were selling any law or trade deal they could to the highest bidders, then as our tax paying jobs disappeared and were replaced by part time wallyworld jobs and the subsequent loss in tax revenue that followed you found it easier to blame the un or underemployed for being lazy. Meanwhile the richest of our nation find new ways to reduce their taxes or move their ill gotten gains offshore to skirt our laws completely and import cheap product from whatever communist ( the bad guys remember?) country would let them use their peasants for slave labor.You, not the opposite party you get your five minute news clips from are the problem, and your lack of knowledge about where our once vibrant middle class and the fair trade and tax laws that once protected us all instead of just the very wealthiest should shame you all!

Congress and Works should never be used in the same sentence.

In the 2012 elections, voters did indeed reject the policies of right-wing Republicans by giving Democratic House candidates over a million more votes. However, Republican gerrymandering after the 2010 census prevented those votes from counting toward democratic control of Congress.Today, the only thing preventing the United States from becoming the poverty-ridden, low education, no health care, totalitarian-style government that has taken over red states is the Democratic majority in the Senate and in the White House.Will voters in 2014 make the connection between their own economic interests and adversarial conservative policies and reject GOP monopoly rule? Or will they continue to vote for candidates who have demonstrated that their best abilities lie only in creating less opportunity, and more hardship and poverty than their blue state counterparts?If you like to write about US politics, enter Allvoices’ "The American Pundit" political writing contest. Allvoices is awarding four $250 prizes each month between now and Nov. 30. These monthly winners earn eligibility for the $5,000 grand prize, to be awarded in December. If you do not already have a free account, sign up here.The American Pundit on Twitter:There is no accountability in this issue, another poster mentioned that a high percentage of Americans are dissatisfied with the job politicians are doing, and yet, incumbents are re-elected. The fallacy of doing the same thing repetitively and hoping for a different outcome is boggling.The idea of a sequester did motivate them to produce... Something. Sadly, as was also pointed out, the burden of the solution falls primarily to those whose income falls below $200,000. This is significant as it poses moral and ethical issues that will likely not only never be addressed, they do not appear to be considered by those we collectively empower to represent us as our voice as regions and states.I give myself as an example; I am a home owner, I am a retired Navy Chief with over 21 years of service. Earlier this year I was laid off from my position as an instructor at a local vocational college due to low student enrollment, a by product of the economy. Unemployment where I live has been consistently 11.8% or greater. In 2011, my combined income, from wages, unemployment and pension was in the neighborhood of $42k. I will be receiving roughly $800 in tax returns.Based on existing laws, Facebook earned $212 Billion, their tax obligation was $0, in fact they will receive $427 million in returns. Legal yes, moral and ethical?, you can discuss that, I have my own thoughts.We discuss the idea of no budget in 5 years, perhaps sequester is frustrating enough to move them to put a band aid on the budget and pacify people enough to avoid a sequester, but I submit, if they are denied compensation, issued vouchers instead of true paychecks as state workers were just a couple years ago to the point that banks would not accept them, would it work to initiate cooperation between the parties and truly represent the people rather than this nonsense of one side offers a long term that does nothing and the other side preaching a balanced budget in 10 years by following the path of least resistance i.e. the burden of balance is funded by the poor who have no lobby to fight against them as they pour this nonsense out and posture that their idea is better than the next and that other people should show such leadership.Cutting health care for the poor, education (which would help us be better equipped to work and compete globally), military (already downsizing while facing increased global commitment with fewer people, less equipment, and diminished funding) and cutting Veteran benefits who have already spent a life in service to the country facing life or death and extended separation from family of 6 months or greater is just bad faith and a sad representation of the value placed on the people who grant the power to make the rules in the first place!

Yesterday; "The GOP is resolved to do more to get the minority vote". Today;"We must cut billions from Medicaid and school lunch programs:........Yup......love the "new" GOP.....

How much of the 9 billion missing made it into KBR, Halliburton and #$%$ Cheney pockets

Only Ron Paul has a workable plan , ready to go. Paul/Paul 2016, if we make it that long

#$%$ Cheney “You know, Paul, Reagan proved that deficits don't matter. We won the mid-term elections, this is our due.” to Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill.

The "super wealthy are running this country _ Congress (especially the Republicans) will only do want they are told and if the banks, Wallstreet, and the rich are doing Ok (which they are) the rest of us are pretty much on our own _ They will do nothing for us (for jobs creation -etc) except for cutting programs, like destroying the school system and the post office _ Anyway think about this: The U.S. Tax Code is 72,000 pages long! _ You and I use about 127 total _ A lot of people are paying a lot less taxes than the average person _ Somewhere hidden is the truth: But by some accounts it looks as though there are two tax systems and that one of them favors the wealthy. In 2012 Frobes claimed that the top 1% pays 10% of the taxes and that the top 10% pays 70% of the taxes. This kind of agreed with figures from the CBO. If even close: It means that the rest of us pay 30% of the taxes with 1% of the wealth and that means, that only 3% of the wealth is needed to pay all of the taxes, which by default that means that the rich are shielding 97% of all wealth from taxes..... They seem to push the agenda that "big government and over-spending" are the culprits vs. revenue, but likely revenue is really the top issue.....

"Congress works on budget for both 2013 and future "Question is : Did they ever stick to the budget they signed ?  How many times did we raise the debt ceiling ?  Oh btw, does debt ceiling actually exist at all ?

I predict future happiness for Americans if they can prevent the government from wasting the labors of the people under the pretense of taking care of them.Thomas Jefferson

My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government.Thomas Jefferson

Okay, we'll play along.  A budget for 2013 and beyond?  Silly me, I should have realized Mr. Potato Head would have this all figured out in year 5 right?  Especially when his last budget got voted down 492-0...yes, democrats as well people!Ours is the greatest country in the world and having a two-party system means that the pendulum will not shift too far in any direction which is the way it should be. Compromises must and will happen.What will end up happening is that tax loopholes will be closed which should result in revenue increases without actual tax rate hikes and on the flip side there will be cuts to Medicare/Medicaid, a slower increase in social security increases by tweaking the CPI calculation, and probably some cuts to defense.By the way, politicians are a reflection of society. They will change colors like chameleons in order to retain power and will always do what their base asks them to do.

pretty sure they have to pass a budget each year, by law.  they are what 3, 4 years into that egregious violation of law?  how do we hold these irresponsible morons and sell-outs accountable?  clearly the one-family appointed SCOTUS isn't doing their job......  and the dictator in chief loves it.........

IT IS ABOUT TIME THIS PRESIDENT GOT TO BUILDING A BUDGET!!1st since 2008... Then we can get to the measure of spending against a meaningful target!!NOW we can see the administrative performance!!

There's a BlueBonnet painting at the capitol?

No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms.Thomas Jefferson

Thomas Jefferson.”Everything predicted by the enemies of banks, in the beginning, is now coming to pass.  We are to be ruined now by the deluge of bank paper.  It is cruel that such revolutions in private fortunes should be at the mercy of avaricious adventurers, who, instead of employing their capital, if they have any, in manufacturing, commerce, and other useful pursuits, make it an instrument to burden all the interchanges of property with their swindling profits.  Profits which are the price of no useful industry of theirs.”Thomas Jefferson.  (1813)

“The Central Bank is an institution of the most deadly hostility existing against the Principles and form of our Constitution.  I am an enemy to all banks discounting bills or notes for anything but coin.  If the American people allow private banks to control the issuance of their currency, first by inflation, then by deflation the banks and corporations that grow up around them will deprive the people of all their property, until their children will wake up homeless on the continent their Fathers conquered.”

We are about to be Highjacked again!

Seven days left and were is berry O?FUBHO

Fred, u r a man after my own heart.  Why is the goverment so deaf to such common sense suggestions?about now can you tell paul(paulie)ryan IS CLUELESS GZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ this guy BFI(GARBAGE)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

They will vote on next year's budget that is non-binding and is symbolic.  Why waste our time and theirs and more money to convene these kind of votes.  Silly and unproductive!

Another episode in the ongoing soap opera saga " as the stomach turns"...

We need to get something done see when Congress don't pay our bills on time the debt draws interest so we would have to pay back 10 Trillion with interest that's why the debt went in up in four years we are paying back interest from Congress not paying our bills on time.

A private citizen can right a bill just look up a bill on the congressional website and follow that format then deliver it to your senator or representative.

Budget?Yeah they will,anything that benefits them!!!

How can Congress do a job with tourist from Kenya making it impossible to get anything done.

We are paying for a war that was started by a Repukican!

look at these players the 2 headed 1 party

The Republicans did not want Americans to know that they put the fox in the hen cage, meaning they let the corrupt Iraq leaders handle American tax payers money and they lost track of it.........Audit: U.S. lost track of $9 billion in Iraq fundsPentagon, Bremer dispute inspector general's reportMonday, January 31, 2005 Posted: 0412 GMT (1212 HKT)WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Nearly $9 billion of money spent on Iraqi reconstruction is unaccounted for because of inefficiencies and bad management, according to a watchdog report published Sunday.The $8.8 billion was reported to have been spent on salaries, operating and capital expenditures, and reconstruction projects between October 2003 and June 2004, Bowen's report concluded.The money came from revenues from the United Nations' former oil-for-food program, oil sales and seized assets -- all Iraqi money. The audit did not examine the use of U.S. funds appropriated for reconstruction. (Full story)Auditors were unable to verify that the Iraqi money was spent for its intended purpose. In one case, they raised the possibility that thousands of "ghost employees" were on an unnamed ministry's payroll."CPA staff identified at one ministry that although 8,206 guards were on the payroll, only 602 guards could be validated," the audit report states. "Consequently, there was no assurance funds were not provided for ghost employees."The Defense Department, which was in charge of the reconstruction effort, and former Iraq civil administrator Paul Bremer have disputed the findings.Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman told CNN that the provisional authority was operating under "extraordinary conditions" and relied on Iraqi ministries to manage development money that was transferred to them.Leave us our Guns and Shut the Government Down, every man and women for themself.

That is why they push Gun Control.  They are planning some real bad stuff for you.

The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.Thomas Jefferson

The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government.Thomas Jefferson

If the republican leadership would stop their WAR mongering, we wouldn't have this budget problem. Those idiots could not run a one car caravan - they just don't get it.  You build a political party on what the people of this nation want and need - not what you want to push down their gullets. oh well, I may as well go talk to a brick wall. (signed a one time republican)

the gop isn't serious about cutting the deceit, until it gets rid of all the billons of dollars in give aways in the tax code, and they wonder why people don't vote for them in presidential elections. they would put grandma on the side walk before they would make a rich person do without there yacht.

Bush Allowed 9/11 attacks on U.S. soil needing a reason to go to war with Iraq he gotcaught with his paints down by the magnitude off the 911 attack and then taking thelongest drunken vacation of any U.S. president in history, he even choked on a pretzelwhile he was drunk his economic policy's like trickle down doubled the wealth of billionaires at the cost of the middle-class and we are still feeling the trickle down effect today

You Cannot Break A Party Of The Greed That Has Overtaken It, And The GOP Has Loyal Only To The Infusion Of 'Muscle Cash' From The 1% Who They Work For, Not The Voters Who Sent Them To Washington, And It's Time It STOPS! . . . The American People Have To Enact Legislation Which Will Bring The GOP Sellouts To Justice NOW. . .  As They Should The Banksters And The Big Pharma Monopolists And Corporate Quislings Who Would Rather Send Their Wealth To Foreign Countries Than Support The Very Land That Nurtured They're Many Successes! . . . For God's Sake, People, Are None Of You Seeing What Is Happening?!

Take your money out of the banks, obama's masters and the federal reserve are making a move

the gop are a bunch of #$%$ looking out for there buddies in washingtonWhy don't we reverse all the spending increases that took place over the past 4 years? That may balance the budget!

If the Republicans had an origional thought, I might be interested in what they are proposing.  Instead, they take their marching orders from the American Legislative Exchange Council.  A group dedicated to plundering the middle class.  A group whose guiding principle is: "the good of the few outweigh the good of the many."

if they are gonna fix the budget; better get somebody other than ryan, they couldnt run a campaign, they were too concerned with that ''47 percent'' that they think are ''entitled''............................one word for ryan.....LOSER

Why are the republicans after social security? Increase the age, or decrease the paymeants. This started on Faux news not long after it hit the other right wing so called news media. Its the echo affect. Keep repeating it until people start buying the lies.

At least congress is working. A refreshing change from the GOP from blocking Obama's and the dem's every move towards a soution.I'm glad the repubs caved on this one, even if it was so they could claim the political high ground.

This congress shows just how inconsiderate and selfish the younger generation(baby boomers) have become.It seems to be all about me,me ME!!!We are all part of the whole;we need to take care of each other.Shame on you Republicans and Tea Partiers.But there will be justice when they meet their maker!

Lets see them work on raising Taxes on the 1% that will help lower the deficit withouthurting poor Grandma...

Congress isn't working on a budget the GOP are working on a budget to cut and gutthe poor and Middle-class and Reward the top 1%...They will never learn Support theGOP... they can turn the stock market around from 14.000 back to 6.000 they havedone it before! then they can Blame the Black man for killing Osama bin Laden!

THE DIRTY LITTLE SECRET REPUBLICAN'S DON'T WANT AMERICAN'S TO KNOW!!!. They are strategically trying to lower wages in the United States to make companies more competitive against China. They are manufacturing a jobs problem to lower wages, people will take whatever they can get. They put business and 40 billionaires ahead of the people, and everyone needs to know just what is going on. They don't care about their own voters, tea parties, only their own corporate pals.... they have a massive media organization to create wedge issues and divide the american people in pursuit of a competitive edge, with Americans being a slave labor class. Wake up Americans....40 billionaires have gained a combined $188.2 billion since the beginning of the year.the top 400 Richest Americans who have the same wealth as the 150 million Americans.and the 400 are on Republican Corporate Welfare and don't Pay Taxes they have money invested Worldwide it pays to Buy&amp;Bribe the Republican Party...Rupert Murdoch of Fox News received $ 9.6 billion in Republican corporate welfare without paying a dime in Taxes for the last 10/yrs.??? is that Fair&amp;Balanced Fox News,they are quiet about that aren't they, That's a lot more thanGE Received.

More ornimental paper weights for Harry Reid's desk???We have a president that knows we have a spending problem;however, he also knows that the middle class can't foot the bill while the rich pay nothing!