Promote tax cuts for the upper income groups and have it paid for with cuts to Welfare.  Where have I heard this before?

Oh so now hope is the plan huh??

Praying for growth??? That's almost like doing something.

Yeah, just keep punishing people for being successful and see how many successful people you still have.

Oh yeah, Osborne still got almost two years more to destroy GB's economy and low- and middle class. Good ridance richman's boy....

Pray for growth? I pray for more money in my bank..but it ain`t happening!!!

I pray that one day the MP,s and their families will suffer the poverty despair and misery they are inflicting on millions in the UK just to satisfy their own selfish greed.

People have been on their knees praying for the last 2/3 years Osborne.  And you're still here!  Only an idiot would continue on the same path when all around is failing.  Hopefully, Osborne will be well cared for when he is institutionalised after his mental breakdown. Ordinary people on the other hand will have to recover alone!

Wait until tomorrow and the budget. Then see the rattle of a stupid man.

Economic science now embraces the spiritual? Well done Os, we knew you would turn to higher powers eventually. Oh, you have? Of course, the Bilderbergs. How silly of me.What planet does this man live on?

Praying for growth???????????????????? Ever heard of taking action boys?????????????????

The headline says it all !!. If he crosses his chest before delivering the budget speech, then its obvious we are all fecked!!!!!.

George Osbourne has no under carriage, he is a total coward and more seedy than any one knows. He is a l@*y boy!

Give up working and start praying.

No Jobs = No Tax.   What part of this, don't you understand . Four Budgets in two &amp; half years and you wonder why the books don't balance, no matter how hard Pickles tries to fiddle the figures. Who you going blame this time are will you wait till the EU take our money , and blame them..Opps sorry you cant blame your Masters can you, that would never do.???

Look real close...... No closer still........ Did you see it........ Yes it's the wire on the end of his arm.... Please puppet master put it around his NECK next time.

I wonder how many cigarettes he'll smoke before he presents his budget?

"The Chancellor is set to stick to his guns..." - can't he do the decent thing and suck on the barrel of a gun?

Austerity is a reverse Robin Hood effect where the most vulnerable in society are being robbed to enrich the top 1%.  Each year £44.8 billion of our taxes are being paid out to the banksters in "interest" payments.  Our so called democratic governments are complicit with this financial scam where a handful of wealthy banking families will use the fractional reserve process to loan money they do not possess and charge astronomical amounts of interest.This situation will never change as long as we have millionaire cabinet ministers who will place more emphasis on protecting their own wealth than that of the masses.Praying for growth? You'll need more than a prayer, Mr. Osborne, you'll need a miracle.

Is there no one out there that would put a bullet between his eyes and shoot this turd down before he totally destroys this country cause he has no fecking idea as to how to run the economy funding, just how thick can someone in government be.

The waste of space 'Gideon' aka professional lavatory towel folder sticks to his ineffectual guns.   Swallow your pride Osbourne...go on...tell us you've failed the Country who's paying your wages to ruin us!!!  Waste of oxygen.

He wants to pray for an early death and spare the rest of us the suffering!.

in the last 50 years no more than 55% of the electorate voted. This is what you voted for and what the other half of us have to suffer.

When We see him wearing clothes he's bought from Oxfam instead of from a tailor, losing weight because he can't afford to dine out, driving a 1.2 Ltr car coz he can't afford the petrol for a big one and looking worried cos it's his own bills that can't be paid instead of somebody elses.Then We'll all know that HE and not just us is being stuck with Austerity"

"  and it also emerged that he had claimed £47 for two copies of a DVD of his own speech on value for taxpayers' money"George Osborne earns £134,565 as Chancellor - just over £15,000 short of 50p tax thresholdCoincidence ?

Gideon is completely bonkers, but then so is that idiot Ed Balls. We have the worst politicians in the world, run a budget ? They couldnt run a chip shop.

e-petitionStop mass immigration from Bulgarian and Romanians in 2014, when EU restrictions on immigration are relaxed.Responsible department: Home OfficeIn 2014 EU restrictions are set be removed, allowing nationals of Bulgaria and Romania ‘free movement’ to the UK. The move is similar to the one that granted access to around 600,000 Polish immigrants to enter Britain over recent years.Despite Bulgaria and Romania joining the EU in 2005, restrictions were put on the number who could move to Britain. However, those restrictions will be abolished in 2014.Once the restrictions are lifted all new comers will entitled to claim benefits, housing, child, job seekers etc. There is currently an estimated 1.5 million people seeking work within the two countriesThe impact will also put pressure on housing, infrastructure, schools, and heath care. All at a time the government are cutting pensions, jobs, public services and the armed forces.I request the government suspends the easing on these restrictions for another 5 years.The government requests to renegotiate the immigration laws within the EU.