On February 4th, 2013, Vladimir Putin, the Russian president, addressed the Duma (Russian Parliament), and gave a speech about the tensions with minorities in Russia: "In Russia live Russians.  Any minority, from anywhere, if it wants to live in Russia, to work and eat in Russia, should speak Russian, and should respect the Russian laws.  If they prefer Shari‘a Law, then we advise them to go to those places where that's the state law.    Russia does not need minorities.  Minorities need Russia, and we will not grant them special privileges, or try to change our laws to fit their desires, no matter how loud they yell 'discrimination'. We better learn from the suicides of America, England, Holland and France, if we are to survive as a nation.  The Russian customs and traditions are not compatible with the lack of culture or the primitive ways of most minorities.  When this honorable legislative body thinks of creating new laws, it should have in mind the national interest first, observing that the minorities are not Russians."  The politicians in the Duma gave Putin a standing ovation for 5+ minutes!

Jim, don't forget what America is all about.

If Europe wants a missile defense let THEM pay for it.

"Tell Vladimir that after my election, I'll have more flexibility."

US drops Europe missile defense plan – but Moscow is unimpressed,,, well we,re not really impressed with what obamas doing either,

Is there nothing we the Americans will not back down from. He told them he would do it in his second term. WE are doomed not to day but soon.

As this article points out, putting missiles in Alaska, which we are doing, is the same as having them in Russia's backyard. Sarah Palin was discredited by liberals for making this completly true and valid assessment. Will the same liberals discredit the Russians for making the same point, of course not, because they are hypocrits of the highest order.

The people thumbing down my withdraw the armies of the US from foreign places, must like paying for foreign policing and must think WWIII provoking is good! This get er on and go get em' mentality that the media meatballs feed is stupid and will destroy the US.

So insread of installing them 100 miles from the Russian border in Poland,we'll install them 100 miles from the Russian border in Alaska. And their goal is to protect Europe against missiles from Iran. Makes sense to me.

Obama's unilateral disarmament continues. He gives without getting anything in return. Missile shields, nukes, and cuts to the defense budgets all weaken us.Appeasement is his preferred approach to foreign policy.

Good, now maybe we can stop with the lies about how Iran is a threat to us.  The only reason we were claiming that Iran was trying to get nukes is that we were using that as the excuse for putting anti-missile missiles in Eastern Europe.  We tried to sell the Russians on the idea that they were to protect Europe against Iran, but they weren't buying.It's not even sporting to #$%$ slap omama, it's so easy.  The Russkies even did it twice in two days.  It'll be a generation before the effects of that pansy wear off.

I guess this is the "have more flexibilty after the election" Obama whispered about to the Russians.Wonder who else got a wink and a nod....

Meanwhile in the Pacific, Nuclear Armed Russian jets circle over Guam.

We still have missles? Thought those were sold to the Muslim Brotherhood.

He is doing exactly what he told Medvedev he would do. Remember the comment caught on tape? "This is my last election tell Putin I will be much more flexible afterwards"

I just don't understand that the world hates USA for so many reason and yet USA is giving them so much!  They expect USA to give them money, weapons, food but never appreciate it, why?

He told them wait until after Election etc!!!!

Obama is doing to America what the Weirmar Republic did to Germany.Who will be our Hitler?Although Hitler was very evil, he did save Germany from complete destruction from within, from the international bankers and from France.  Unfortunately the person to save America will likely also need to be a hypernationalist thug to get the job done, because we are too far gone for a mild adjustment.

Who the flip cares what Russia thinks?

Put troops where they are needed, the Southern United States border NOT all over the world! The US is sick of fighting foreigners battles for them!Geez - can hardly wait till we can get a president that puts our people and safety before kissing butt ! Also one that makes us a better country not a divided one that is falling apart. Of course that takes a president that puts others above himself not everyone beneath him !

This is why Europe is a full of a bunch of Welfare states. The US covers their defense.

Russia is well aware that China is calling all the shots for the United States.

Oh do you all think Barry and Hagle, thought to tell the Poles and the Romanians before they told everyone else that we are not going ahead with the deployment of the inteceptor missiles in their countries----  Sounds like Jimmy Carter's America all over again......

@"Desertstorm": You are being "funny", right? OUR economy IS collapsing. How in the heck are we in ANY position to influence ANYONE else's economy? Our "ECONOMY" is at the MERCY of OTHER NATIONS and OIL. Russia has OIL, theirs and Iran's- THEY CAN DRILL wherever they find it- no bogus "environmentalists" putting them at the mercy of the Middle East..We rely on other nations for ALL THE RAW MATERIALS that support our "economy". We ARE NOT a manufacturing economy any longer. WE ARE a "service economy". That means we, basically, are a "paper-shuffling" and "landscaping" economy.Let's have some serious comments.

Good old lying Obama; he told the Russians (when he thought he was speaking off the record) that when the election was over he would take care of those nasty anti-missle systems that worried the Russians.  Well now he has fulfilled that post-election promise.  Do you think he will keep his promise to not let Iran develop a nuclear weapon or keep North Korea from being a nuclear threat to the U.S.?

Keep your friends close but keep your enemies closer. The Cold War is real.. We all know why? It's only a matter of time the U.S./NATO P-off Russia and China or both..

So now we know what the 'flexibility'  Obama referred to before the election is.  We've yet again caved in to a belligerent and anti-American Putin.  We never, ever seem to learn anything from history. Dictators don't interpret these kinds of acts in any other way but weakness.  Just wait. You'll see.

Read "Blacklisted by History" and learn the truth about Senator Joe McCarthy and the real Communist threat and damage.Afterward, nothing any politician does will shock you.

Now we know who calls the shots.Thanks O'bummer.No lessons taken from the Cold War when peace came only through US strength. The end won't be the same this time

Who are these absolutely militarily-challenged individuals here? Some of the most outrageous buffoonery I have ever witnessed on this forum: "russia ...defenseless against US"; "We can kick their butts to hell anyway". Another reason War video games should come with the disclaimer: "Playing this game does not qualify the player to comment on real-world militaries."Puny Iraq- 10yrs and countingPuny Afghanistan guerillas- 12yrs and countingEnd of story.

We have a president who is perceived by the world as weak and indecisive. Russia and China understand this and are taking advantage of it. Russia is acting as Russia has always acted.

a new monicker...Obama the appeaser.....

it's just goes to show U- There is no pleasing of the Ruskees, and 1st impression lasts

Now we know what obama meant when he said during the open mic fiasco -" President Obama: “On all these issues, but particularly missile defense, this, this can be solved but it’s important for him to give me space.”President Medvedev: “Yeah, I understand. I understand your message about space. Space for you…”President Obama: “This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility.”President Medvedev: “I understand. I will transmit this information to Vladimir.”

1) Obama Lowers the US Missel defense to make a communist Country happy ( Russia )(2) Obama tries to take guns away from American Citizens(3) Obama Arms Mexican Drug Lords ( fast &amp; Furious ) then orders documents hidden from Federal investigation(4) Obama fails to secure the Southern Border to make sure illegal immigrants ( and drugs ) still can gain entry into the USA . To make Mexico Happy

The USA is bankrupt.

"Yes we will, no we won't" Russia would be a fool to trust the US back and forth regarding upgrades that take years to establish. Our missile defense systems are already built and can be set in place in a matter of weeks. Russia has a good point, they have no current enemies and are less engaged military around the globe, but Washington arrogance wants to keep poking them. There comes a point when you have to firmly tell a child, "Its time to knock it off!"

This is how  O bama is rolling over for Putin. he stopped something the central european nations have wanted and need, freedom from the USSR cAN'T WE JUST IMPEACH THIS SORRY pos AND BE DONE WITH IT BEFORE HE TOTALLY RUINS OUR  NATION?NOW we know what Obama meant when he told Putin he would have more flexability after he was re-elected!! That flexability? To make the USA more vulnerable to attack from Russia! At the SAME time Puti has ordered a DRASTIC upgrade in Russian military, Obama has scrapped the European missle defense program!! Now there's a LEADER for ya!! Are you idiot libs happy now?

I dont see why the us should have any in that part of the world ussr, china and england are all have close to what we do so i would say let them take care of thair own are as long as the ussr and china dont disrupt england all three has more to worry about right now as far as iran and nk goes

US drops Europe missile defense plan – but Moscow is unimpressed,,, well we,re not really impressed with what obamas either. Obama loser wont even secure our own Southern border because he doesnt want to upset Mexicans

Well, it looks like BO is standing by his words to the Russians he is willing and will do everything to dismantle the USA!!!

Lets see. Obama promises to Russia to lower our protection. Obama tries to take guns away from honest Americans, Obama has failed to secure the Southern Border so that Millions of Mexicans can abuse Americans.... So, what else is new ?

Pleasing Russia should be at the bottom of our priority list

This is that flexibility at work.Bail on long term european allys in favor of Russia interests.

this will be rated as one of obama's dumbest things he has ever done.  he will be leaving us and our allies defenseless to certain attacks and obama could care less

Cold War II

Russia's issues with missile defense are unfounded.  If it came to a US vs. Russia nuclear war then both sides would be able to wipe eachother out several times over.  The US missile defense systems are designed for a VERY limited attack by a rogue nation.  They would be completely overwhelmed against a Russian attack.  Mutually Assured Destruction is still the name of the US and Russian nuclear game.Obama's is getting his way to make U.S. a third world power country both militarily and economically. He compromised our security to Russia. Next China will be on the rise with North Korea and Iran.

Install it again. Putin needed it in order to scare russian people.

Thanks, again, Obama. The plan was to defend the US against missiles launched from the Middle East (as in "Iran"). But, Obama, in his typical appeasement mode, has cancelled. Just as he and other Dem-Lib's vilified and cancelled Bush's missile defense plan against N. Korea. Oops! Bad mistake. Now, we are scurrying about trying to make up for lost time on that one. BO will not accept Iran's capabilities and intentions to destroy the West, along with Israel.

Why are we paying to defend Europe?  So they can enjoy their five week vacations?

Bush and his fear mongering went a long way under his administration not to mention the skyrocketing debt he first created.  People cry and whine about Obama spending money a nuclear defense shield against russia?  Do you really think russia will launch a nuke when we have enough to kill the world 100 times over?  Do you really think a nuclear defense system will stop all of russia's like over 1000 nukes?  Good luck with that.....

Remember the remark from Obama  when he didn't think anyone had a mic on!!  He promising Putin that after he is reelected he would cancel the missiles. Pay off time!!!!! Wonder what that cost us??

you can never trust obama to do anything right. Europe beware. Can the KGB please take Obama!

Do we all remember Fast and Furious when Obama gave thousands of Military Assault weapons to mexican Drug gangs along the US Border... They used them to kill one Border patrol already and hundreds of Mexicans dead. Oh, then Obama ORDERED ALL RECORDS HIDDEN from Federal Investagators because Obama had been fully behind this ! And your surprised Obama would lower the US Missel protection ?

Yeah, they still beleive that was a comet...hah!

Another Obama deal,what did we get out of it from Russia? As usual nothing.There Obuthead goes again, taking down our defenses so we can be attacked or invaded..what a loser...

This must be that flexibility Obama promised Medvedev he would have after his re-election.

Thats ok we are not impressed with Moscow either!!

Thanks for nothing Marxist Obama!

Lots of paranoid posters today.

People around the world need to be reminded of World Wars. A majority of the arogant and ignorant are usually wiped out in these wars, since they make up most our military personel.

Does anybody in washington  see the problem  with  mexico repopulating   the united states with millions of  their needy dependent illiterate class of poor residents who don't use  birth control ........ trying to make a buck tax free here  with no insurance : car or  health ?

Pull all U.S. military personnel and close all U.S. bases in Europe and watch Germany's economy sink into the toilet. Let others pay for their own defense.

Who would have thought that Obama was committed to weakening the US militarily. I certainly did and he has been making his intentions very clear that he will without Congressional approval.

Of course Putin is #$%$ off about it, it was his main reason to reinstate Cold War rules and relive the old days.Good, make a concession to reduce nukes in the world.  I'm all for it.

Bow now brown cow

People are never satisfied! First Obama is lair for failing to get troops totally out of Afghanistan and bad for droning people, now I hear he is weak and disarming America. Politicians can't trusted but neither can people!

The feckless and cowardly Obammy can't get any respect for whimpering and showing weakness?  Shocker.

War for foreigners dumb! Criminal gangs spilling their pathetic turf war across the Southern US borders! If US soldiers are going fight someone or something, it should be them!

Nonetheless, it is better then more biggo war planning! The world will be in ashes if there is another World War! Let Eastern Europe protect itself!

I bet Obama would not demand Kenya ( his Homeland ) to lower their defence shield against their enemy

@MiddleroadRep"= RINOYeah, we do have to #$%$ in our pants" when confronted by the likes of China and Russia. America and it's voters have chose the "Welfare State" over National Defense. The Leftist media has had the public "lapping" up the mythical notion that America has some sort of overwhelming military "technological advantage" over all the world; for the sole purpose of keeping the citizenry from realizing the increasing danger of shrinking the US military, while China and Russia continue to maintain and increase theirs. There is a total disconnect between what you are being told and what you see with your own eyes.Iraq-2003: A "nothing-burger" military; with no  Special Forces, Air Force, or Navy, to challenge our Aircraft, Cruise Missile frigates, "command-and-control", in-country supply lines, rear echelons, or air and sea lanes.Afghanistan: Rag-tag "guerillas" against America's "technological advantage"= 12yrs of bodybags.Oh, that's right, I forgot the great military victories in Grenada, Panama, SOMALIA, Bosnia.This NOT a "cut" on the US military. It is just the REALITY of the situation. Without the use of "Theater Nuclear Weapons" we would be unable to stop a Russian political/military move into Eastern Europe to re-establish a new "Russian-Alliance" [old "Soviet Union" without the communism]. Perhaps, in "response to the Muslim threat to Russian security" coming from Eastern European nations with Muslim populations.Ditto, China coming to the "aid" of North Korea in a conflict with the US and it's ally South Korea. We DON'T have the forces to be in conflicts in Europe and the Middle East at the same time! The NATO forces are third-world militaries, and their governments are cowardly appeasers that would cede Eastern Europe to Russia in the face of an advancing Russian military."...Russia's military-industrial complex...prime beneficiary of a HUGE NEW REARMAMENT program...a new generation of ballistic missiles...to overcome US missile defenses." Sergei Karaganov, Counsel on  Foreign and Defense Policies for Russian security think tank.Might it just be that the Pentagon generals, advising the civilian "President", know more thanthe "tough talkers" here. Is that why Bush junior backed down from a confrontation with the Chinese over the captured US Air Force aircraft in the first months of his presidency? Is that why O refuses to do anything about Iran and it's nuclear program, while the Russians are providing them military aid, getting Iranian oil, and warning O "hands off"?

the US is seeking to attain global military supremacy and that the shifting of a few missiles here or there will not change that picture.We act like the world has no idea what the criminals who have taken over our country are up to. Clearly, they know.

I don't think this country is interested in Russia as we once were.  They seemed to show a little bit of sense in not having a nukelar war in which no one wins. Now the idiots in North Korea are not to be trusted at all.  China would be good to slow this crazy country down as they are on the China border and we all know that there is friendly fire casualities all the time.Great reporting.  Within this article, it refers to the missile system as a NATO project, a US project, and a US-NATO project.  If anything other than a US project, one would think that the US couldn't on its own just cancel it, which appears to have happened.  Despite the rather nasty comments of one previous commenter, there isn't a clear statement of who controls and pays for this system easily available.  (How long should one have to research a news article to determine if it is worth considering?  In a well written article, I would expect little to none).

How much did we spend on this plan before we cancelled it?

Obama wants to disarm and weaken our borders and defenses from the Missel shield to our Southern border to our legally owned guns..... Obama is simply an Anti-American Socialist loser that WANTS OUR COUNTRY to be as weak as possible.

NATO never posed a threat to Russia, it was a strictly defensive organization. Now it is even less of a threat than a sad joke. The real danger for them is China, China can easily field a 20 million man army, invade and occupy the country in a matter of months. Europe is the best customer they have, why invade when they are financing your government?

Bush promised a whole lot of things and didn't come through with most of them, this being yet another item he bite off a hell of a lot more than he could chew.  They didn't even know if the defense system would even work correctly......

I guarantee you that we have a different and better plan now.

Its ironic that Obamaturd has ordered the blacks and poor Americans ( Demoturd base ) not to complain about Obamaturds Amnesty for 12-20 MILLION Mexican criminal illegal immigrants who with Amnesty can bring in 30-45 Million of their PARASITE family members who will CRUSH the African American workers, The neighborhoods of the American poor and African Americans. Steal MILLIONS of minority programs and quotas away from African Americans and honest hispanic legal immigrants across the USA....

As an American I want my government to develop and deploy effective defenses against all nukes that could kill my family and destroy my country, regardless of how it antagonizes Russia or any other enemy.  Russia is not the ally of the US, because they will not allow themselves to be.  They recently invaded an ally of the US (Georgia) and created a puppet government; exactly the behavior they insincerely accuse the US of.

Well, Obama doesnt want the Southern Border to be secure either. He wants TENS of MILLIONS of Mexicans to infect the United States and cause endless problems in OUR Country

So instead of Poland we drop em in Alaska hey it kinda feels like the USA is trying to protect the USA now.Russia is officially unimpressed because they had already decided to go ahead with sticking it up America's butt. They see it as a sign of weakness.

Stupid. They will never be happy. Putin will keep pushing for more concesions and "reforms" until they have a huge advantage. You negotiate with Russians from a position of strenght. Reagan taught us that.

Just give them a case of vodka

At looks like we are wetting our Pants again when Moscow threatening with WWIII!

To hell with Rishia!.We need to put up as many interceptors as we can!.

NOW we know what Obama meant when he told Putin he would have more flexability after he was re-elected!! That flexability??? To disarm the United States like Obamaturd wants to disarm American citizens.... Ive never seen a more obvious un-patriotic president in American HISTORY !

Based on all the recent wars and invasions the Russian's and other countries would be wise to heavily arm themselves and that's what they are doing.  Congrats to Bush and Obama for restarting the Cold War

Putin is no fool...He knows that the Marxist EU and the Obamunist USA are plotting against free and Christian Russia 24/7....cut/paste/google this term: "Macho Putin vs Obama"....you will die laughing!

WHITE HOUSE TRAITORBuried in the news last Friday was the announcement by Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel that the Obama administration was going to stop long-held plans to fully deploy a missile shield in Eastern Europe which has long been seen as a sign of NATO's commitment to protect Europe and former Soviet satellite states against a potentially belligerent Russia and also places interceptors close to the treaty NATO's exposed southern flank, able to deflect Iran's growing missile capabilities.Hagel also said the U.S. commitment to missile defense there “remains ironclad” and that there were technical difficulties with the system that was set to be deployed in Poland and Romania by early next decade and cited the $1 billion cost of the new North Korea defense system as playing a key role in his decision … but of course this cost could be easily offset by stopping $6.3 billion in military aid to a belligerent Egypt controlled by the Islamic extremist group, the Muslim Brotherhood.As you may recall, at a meeting last March in South Korea, Obama told then-Russia President Dmitri Medvedev in remarks picked up by a live microphone that he would have “more flexibility” on the missile shield issue following an election victory ... flexibility to disarm our country! It’s called “Nuclear Zero,” and Obama fully intends to dismantle our nuclear deterrent … bombers, submarines, and land-based ICBMs … leaving us defenseless against our enemies. Obama believes, as written in his Columbia University thesis, that the USA no longer needs a nuclear deterrent in this peaceful world of ours and that enemies like Russia, China, Iran and North Korea will follow our lead and disarm themselves if we level the playing field. This is national suicide! And if the Democrats gain control of Congress in 2014 and Obama uses that power to disarm our country, cities and towns across America will be reduced to radioactive rubble by 2016.This is no joke! Last month the Obama Administration announced plans to de-activate one-third of the U.S. nuclear arsenal unilaterally and without Congressional approval … this despite the fact that Russia maintains the world's largest nuclear arsenal and continues to modernize and upgrade its missile capabilities.These are not the actions of a patriotic American president … they’re the actions of a traitor! He bombed Libya without Congressional authority; he assisted in the overthrow of a friendly Egyptian government and replaced it with a terrorist organization known as the Muslim Brotherhood; he invoked executive privilege to protect himself and Eric Holder from prosecution for running guns to Mexican drug cartels; he illegally shipped assault weapons, stinger missiles and ammunition to so-called Libyan freedom fighters with known links to al-Qaeda; he has given billions of dollars in military hardware including F-16 and F-15 jet fighters and Abrams M1A1 Main Battle Tanks to an anti-American Egyptian Islamic regime; he assisted Islamic extremists in the overthrow of the governments of Tunisia, Libya and Yemen; he is attempting to disarm American citizens by intentionally violating our 2nd Amendment rights; he has demanded that American military officers sign a pledge of allegiance that if ordered to do so, they would fire upon American citizens; he has intentionally crippled our defense capabilities, sabotaged our economy, bankrupted our government, racially and politically divided our country, and has sought to undermine traditional American family values and religious beliefs. This man is a traitor guilty of treason against the people and government of the United States of America and Congress must be urged to begin impeachment proceedings immediately.

Screw our allies--Obama's agenda all along. Capitulation brings war.Does the cuban missle crisis ring a bell to anyone?

And if you were to ask me, somebody needs to have his #$%$ kicked over his ears, for allowing two 50 year old Russian bombers, armed with nuclar weapons to fly to Guam our main Air Force base in the western Pacific, before they were detected and intercepted---- Can everybody say "Pearl Harbor"?   I would tell that psychotic #$%$ Putin, that the next time he does something like that, his 50 year old turbo-prop "Bear" bombers won't be coming home..... But that's just me...

The whole Bush idea to place the missile defenses on the Russian border were counter-productive to our interests.  Now it sounds like the Russian defense industry needs that bogeyman to sell new ICBMs designed to overcome those defenses.  In the long run it doesn't add to the security of the United States or Russia for that matter.  If we use nuclear arms against each other we will be the poorest nations in the world.

Undoubtedly, Putin who is partner with the Iranian regime nukes and their North Korean Ballistic and nuke program is not impressed with the coward act of the new pacifist Defense Minister Chuck Hagel who failed time in again in his weakness and fear to protect the American people from rogue regimes. The unprecedented decision to surrender to the Russian demand to remove the American anti-ballistic missile system from Poland and Romania by Obama proves that Obama is ready to be flexible with the Russian-Iranian-North Korean axis while sacrificing the security of each and every American. It is time for the Maverick John McCain and Lindsey Graham to stand up for the security of the American people as US missile defense system is still lacking the performance that it requires and since development of new 14 interceptors will last four more years with very limited budget by Obama and Chuck Hagel who proved recklessness when it is about security of the American people.

Another Obummer failed policy to endanger America to the COMMIES!

REAL AMERICANS  critics of the Obama administration do smell a rat !

In the US, conservative critics of the Obama administration may smell a rat, and see this move as a fulfillment of Mr. Obama's promise to then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, overheard by an open mic at a Seoul security conference a year ago, that he would be able to show the Russians "more flexibility" on missile defense after he was reelected in November.Yup, we ALL heard Obamaturd whispering to their Russian leader ( see it for yourself on youtube ) that he, Obama , would lower the shield for Russia to endanger the United States. Caught on LIVE on an open mic left by a reporter, PROVES Obama doesnt care about the United States !

In 50 years I have learned one thing for darn sur'..........NEVER, ever-ever.....NEVER trust a Russian.

Wouldn't want to upset the Russians now would we? After all, they control the worlds supply of vodka and caviar and heroin addicts.

Russia won't be happy till will are no more!!Memo to Czar Putin:  Go screw yourself.  It just miffs you that we're this good and you're that bad.

Russia wants the US disarmed so their attack will be easier and more complete. The African Queen agrees!

When was the last time Russia was happy with anything we have done? It's like a country ruled by grumpy old men.

We have a President who is afraid of Putin now we have a Secretary of Defense who is afraid of Putin. And the restart by Clinton accomplished what in our favor? Oh yes NOTHING

Now we can afford the reinstate the White House Tours....

FIRST!

Russia should realize that it's not the only threat to the US in town anymore.  We (hopefully) won't sacrifice protection from our latest new credible threats just to please the Russians.  Apparently Russia still wants to maintain the capability to launch an unobstructed ballistic missile attack against the US and believes that a few token US missile interceptors would thwart that.  Must be tough to live with such paranoia.

Gutless Obalony does it again, raising the white flag for the red banner of his political convictions. At least Putin has b@lls and has no problem using them to the benefit of his country where obozo and his crowd are only interested in screwing US.

So many posters are complaining about Obama neglecting their security. The system is supposed to protect EUROPE from IRAN. Unless somebody has been lying here all the time and we were pretending to believe it.

Good decision.We need to stop being a military society and start promotine PEACE and productive work.Well I am afraid that by electing a community organizer to the position of commander-in-chief, we have no one to blame but ourselves-- he wants to negotiate away our nuclear strength-- when the Russians and Chinese are buiding up their nuclear arsenals-- and the knit-witts in NORTH korea have said they are going to nuke us---- and lets don't even think about the idiotic Iranians.  So we have Obama, (think, Neville Chamberlain), as President, we have Kerry (think, too self absorbed to be bothered) as Sec. State and Hagel (think, in over his head) as Sec. Def--- Wow, what an exciting future....

Has it ever occured to you, fellow posters, that it wasn't Russia's but the EU's objections that made  the US abandon its original plan. We, in Poland, love it, except for the prostitutes living next to the planned sites.

Wait, so Russia is mad because they don't want the US to have any protection against the missiles they might send its way?? WTH kind of sense does that make?"Dang you America, now we cannot attack with our current arsenal. We have to buy new missiles now."          :(    &lt;---- pouty face.

Just like Carter, Obama makes concessions for nothing in return. Then we can watch for his ignorant surprise when he gets to negotiation table and they want more. What a moron!

Exactly what Obama promised Pootin.  Something smells.

Whenever you voluntarily give anything to your opponent, they are unimpressed, and they automatically want more.

Obama must scrape all US bases abroad.

GUESS OBAMA KISSED PUTINS BEHIND , HEY PUTIN &lt; next time YOU RUN YOUR MOUTH OFF against the west .. they should put the missles there TIMES 10 ..just cuz U act like an #$%$

Obama as usual is showing his colors. Yellow!!!!!!

Not to worry obama can give more away...we can make the rooskies like us, we just gotta give em moreMore importanly, we arent impressed with your Vodka... Ciroc is better

Huh? So Russia wants the US not to build any kind of defense so they can remain vulnerable to Russia's strategic nuclear missiles... i don't get it? How can a defensive interceptor be a threat to their security?

Typical Russian response. Give 'em $5 and they #$%$ because you didn't give them $10.

Unimpressed?Says who a GOP (NEOCON) hack?

I got a brilliant idea. How about we take some of that money that we we're going to spend on this grandiose missle shield and provide hot breakfast and lunch at all our K-12 schools? Sound like a good way to spend some of our budget? Oh wait, lets not let common sense ever have anything to do with how we spend some of our gargantuan budget. What a buch of loser politicians.

We have to do what the Kremlin wants. According to George Will the russian economy is about the size of the Los Angeles economy.

"US is seeking to attain global military supremacy" Sure bra's we could of done it after WW2, we did have the nukes... So say that again... Yeah full of #$%$. thanks.

DA! Too little too late the Yankee's are realizing that The CCCP is to return &amp; the Bear this time is more Fierce than the last.

Thank you President Obama for once again putting the safety of America and our allies first.I mean last.

I wonder what would happen if ALL nations worked on repairing problems in their own country and not threaten others with doom.Why worry about it, Obama told them as much before the elections.  The way Europe is going even Russia doesn't want them.  It would be like the U.S. taking Mexico.  I forgot, we already have half the population here.

It's just a first strike weapon system on their border.  What a bunch of babies.

and it shall come2pass

can you say chicken

We can kick their butts to  hell anyway-so who cares what they think.They are backwards on Cuba, North Korean, Syria and Iran to name a few..The Ruskies are dictators and tyrants. 2nd world country at best..

obama is a blessing for putin.  even though he leads the strongest country in the world, obama gets man handled by the dictator of one of the most corrupt.obama tries to secretly betray the american people and even that yeilds no dividend.  (recall his emabarassing open mic. moment with putin stooge medvedev "tell vlad to wait until after my election. i will have more flexibility"--on  other words i will sell out my own people after they are stupid enough to reelect me.)obama yearns for the soviet union.  as a student he loved them and blamed cold war on the usa.his mom met his dad in russian class. and you know why they were not studying russian to work for the cia.  it was because they loved all things communist.their boy is carrying on for them.

Peace will only come when our potential enemies quiver in fear that we might find out their private thoughts and eliminate the threat.Obama seems to think that if we become too weak to fight back that the bullies will be too ashamed to attack.  They will love us for our weakness.  Is he lying or is he stupid?

Screw Russia....they have been whining and crying over this missile shield for YEARS! Non stop talkin trash and threats over this....now that Obama is canceling this...they act as if they dont care?  F Russia and Putin!

ol bamie tucked his #$%$ tail and ran---what a joke for america

God,  I never thought I would say somethin like this, but the Peesident of the US is an absolute #$%$--- isn't that reasuring?Has ever one W European politician spoken in favor of this insane project, expressed a wish to have those interceptors installed or voiced apprehension regarding Iran's intentions versus Europe? The EU won't allow it and if Poland or Romania (more precisely, their governments, our  lackeys) really want it they have to resign their EU membership. Judging by the posts, though, it's all Obama's and evil Russia's fault.

F Russia!!!!!!

The Russians realize that they can spend themselves into oblivion like the USSR did in an arms race.  They like the status quo as long as "both pieces of pie are the same size, except theirs just a little bigger".  Alaska is where those interceptors belong anyway.  That's where the biggest threat to the US is, and I'm not talking DPRK.  The Russians are still Enemy #1.

Both countries have a military industrial complex, for which the best survival mechanism is an immediate external threat, Putin seems to be more supportive of his militray industrial complex than Obama. But therein lies the neo-Fascit Putin. Ultra-Militrasim and Ultra-Ntionalism, are two of the halllmarks of a Fascist regime.Warmer relations with the US are a threat to Putin's nationalistc appeal and his political power, a threat to his emerging "Personality Cult".

Moscow is unimpressed?  Maybe we should give them 400 billion or so.  That's how we seem to impress everyone else these days.

i wonder how many U.S. Congressmen and their cronies will make lots of money from this European missile defense shield?

The system installed in four stages. the final stage essentially being to #$%$ &amp; aim' the devices. No wonder Russians are unimpressed by US agreeing not to install the final stage.Just like the US Jupiter missile system installed in muslim Turkey, which started the Cuban missile crisis, the Polish AMD system will have to be dismantled.

this story is a crock of #$%$. russia is just crying because they are defenseless against the US, but yet they (russia) are giving syria weapons to kill their own people. hmmm....

The last time Obama scrapped a missile defense plan, he had to do an abrupt about-face and reimplement it due to nuclear threats from Iran and N Korea.  Now both countries will possess launch capability before we have defense capability.Besides, why would a country resent a missile DEFENSE plan?!

Putin is a troll.why would we do that Obama is a coward

The US is the one wanting it's missile defense system in Eastern Europe, not them, in order to place it's missiles close to Russia, under the "guise of ", hey Europe, we're just helping you. Yeah, right! The US helps no one but itself and if it does, that help ALWAYS comes at a price. If the US is beefing up missile defenses in Alaska, then Russia sould do the same in places like Uelen and Provideniya in the Bering Strait to counteract that threat, because a threat is exactly what it is and how it would be interpreted by the US had Russia done so.

the united states can damage damaged countries like afganistan and iraq. russia is too big as a millitary playground

I think now that cold war era has been over and there has been no provocation from any side, we should all relax a little and give other much much more imp matters like poverty, jobs and  economic stability our fair share of efforts. Peace.

The only thing impressive about Moscow are the sIuts they send over to the US.

is this obama being more flexible,as he said a few months ago with a open mike,to the russians

American should DESTROY Russia economically. THINK of the smoking hot girls there. We need more of them, and if America can ruin their economy, it would be GREATER than any missile shield. A poor/destablized Russia or Eastern Europe is a GOOD thing.

So there you have it.  Russian leaders are dismissive of a major concession from US.  According to Kremlin this was a huge threat to Russia.  To all normal people a dozen interceptors posing a threat to thousands of Russian rockets seemed absurd, but Russia insisted it was a threat.  Well, now we know that even they believed it was nothing.  All of their protestations were nothing more then demagoguery designed for domestic consumption. They need to shift focus away from the corruption at the highest levels and what better way to do so then uniting the public against the American boogey-man.  Unfortunately our president doesn't realize these basic truisms about despotic regimes such as the one in Moscow now. If they say America done something wrong, he believes it must be true.  Even if it seems absurd.

moscow will always be unimpressed, always!

amazin they just sent 2 nuclear bombers toward guam and we intercepted themi say put a anti missle across the pacific and the entire east coast