Buy LOW and keep buying....Obamanomics by 2016...over $20 Trillion in DEBT! Unless an Asteroid hits Washingto DC !

silver is starting to look like the stock market up, down, up, down

You will use the dollar for toilet paper in a few years. Buy all the silver that you can!

My guns went up in value 300% and My ammo went up 400% thanks to Obama's administration.

I am sick of seeing silver take the plung, there is a shortage for christ sake, our government is proping up all these silver losses

The Paper Silver ETF is managed by two Too Large to Fail banks. Knowing exactly when and how much it will rise/fall is very profitable if the CFTC won't enforce any laws.Meanwhile, the silver mine management sit idle, not getting a fair market value.They need to form the equal of OPEC for silver.In the meantime, I invested another $2,000 on the predictable take down.In the '70;s, silver mines went up between 22 times and 47 times as everyone thought it was dead.

The US Government's idiotic plan of simulating the economy by creating artificial inflation through the devaluation of the US dollar is the reason why you need to buy gold and silver to hedge against it.

please mr obama start the goverment surplus of silver like we do gold.why do yo think the chinese are getting there hands on all they can forelectronics and medical needs......what happens when above groundsilver is gone...the u.s. mint ran out of silver and postponed 2013 eaglebullion sales,the prices were raised. why are we not ahead of the game???

There is no u.s. Goverment surplus of silver.The chinese cant buy enough,the reason it is down is becauseof the chinese lunar new year etf trading....The u.s. Goverment should have a surplus for our own industrial use it seems

As long as the silver-to-gold ratio remains as large as currently, silver remains a good long term buy;That ratio will eventually have to narrow, as silver is always in commercial and industrial demand, and supplies are often short.SILVER!

I wonder how much the writer got to write this story.

silver is for anti government losers

I read on the internet that the time to buy silver is when the geniuses who post on Yahoo articles say they are buying. It is common knowledge that they are astute investors.

I plan to buy 4,000 ounces of physical silver this month.   Mainly in 100oz bars.  There is little doubt that silver will MORE than double this year.

I was always told when investing in anything, if the majority of people are running to buy it, that's when you should sell it.

Obviously one silver company is doing something right.

silver demand for industrial use is like 80% and growing and silver for investment is like 10% so the price will reflect the industrial demand more then people buying and holding silber bars. I will say also that silver minng companies are losing money from mining cost vs the current price for silver so they might cut production if the price does not go up to 40+ soon

silver is the obvious choice at the moment, it is popular and that ain't always good..i doubt 60 an oz, maybe 40

Damm, wish he had died.2011; Silver mine production 761 million ounces, World consumption 1.04 billion ounces. How many other commodities demand were met by 25% recycled material ? 486 million ounces were used for industrial applications that mostly use non recoverable quantities of metal. Tell me again about all the extra Silver . The USGS stated that at the current rate of consumption ,Silver will be the first metal resource on Earth to be depleted. Silver Maple leaf production1999-2000 dual date 300,0002000 403,6522001 398,5632002 576,1962003 684,7502004 680,9252005 955,6942006 2,464,722007 3,526,0522008 7,909,1612009 9,727,5922010 17,799,9922011 23,129,966Tell me again about the falling demand ;)2011 Silver Eagles 39,000,000 ounces

As per usual, fully informative article. As I have made my living full time the last four too five years in the Precious Metals market. Went from homelessness to living in a small mansion, hillbilly mansion, none the less. All due to my minor dabbling in Precious Metals prior... Bought a $125 gold ring for .25 cents at a nearby local flea market, my last quarter. The rest is history... Silver has the best return, also can be used for monetary supplement when the economy possibly tanks big time in the coming months or years. Until it is banned by proclamation or coming 100% cashless society. There will still be a Black Market. I can guarantee nothing, but this may be the best bet currently. Though the markets are less glorious at the moment. Things change in the blink of an eye without warning or so much as a reach around. Best of luck.

not bad...

It's not that gold's in a bubble it's that the currencies are in a bear market...

when will J.P.MORGAN be held accountable for their price manipulation of silver, considering they control approx 25 % of the outstanding short position ,scandalous behavior, &amp; when will the court proceedings, commenced in 2008, be resolved, &amp; when will short covering destroy them, or will they continue to manipulate silver prices preventing the market place from dermining the 'real' price of silver, held back from the days of the Hunt brothers in the 1970's... silver should be trading at $250/oz, a) relative to gold price increases over the last 30 years and b) adjusted for inflation during the same period...when will the 'people' wake up and realize that the price of silver today is a joke, manipulated by central banks, governments and the J.P. MORGANS of the world today

3 words:  Silver Bear Resources.

any one know when the pathint agreement between apple and idcc ends in 2013 or 2014?

I got ears, ya know. I hear things.

Actually , gold is used industrially/scientiffically as well and is still used in pc's btw too, it;s just not as widely used as silver in the same capacity, that';s all. But to say that gold would "never be missed"  ok, I'll give you an example why you are wrong, the next time you need a crown or a cap in your mouth to replace a tooth , tell the doctor you want " non precious" crown. You will save money but in about 2 years you will have problems guaranteed. Then you will spend the cash to get a GOLD crown and there you will see the difference and would "miss: it especially when it concerns health. There are alot more applications and uses where gold is used too.

two words.. gold bubblenuff said.Silver is an industrial metal as well holds cosmetic and innate value.  All the gold could disappear from the face of the earth and no one would be effected.  Silver is in everything from your cars catalytic converter to an ipod.  It's a must have metal to our way of life.  Gold has vale because we (governments/history) says it does!  Play silver, the demand increases with technology.  Think China, India, Asia..the demand can only go higher.  That's the truth!

I would like to buy some share's in silver &amp; gold but can't get any straight info can't anyone just give good old fashioned straight truth, I mean honestly !!!!!!

Hey guys! You got to like on the website oil trading academy.. I can’t believe I earned this big for a beginner like me.. You too can do the same… Check their website and see what they have for you..

Thanks for the tip AP! Who got paid how much to write this information anyone with a keyboar can see?

who ever thinks that gold is on its way back up.Needs to look at the International banking sysytem,first.Yes,gold is a hedge from inflation.But if four countries fail;these being Italy,Greece,Spain and Germany.We wil;l go into a Global Depression.All three depend on the  Euro,all are sustained by weak U.S. dollar and futures markets on precious metals.They went up,very fast.They can also do a quiok reversaal.Gold at this rate you will be able to buy for $500.00 ounce,same goes with silver,at a momentous amount of$8.00 per troy ounce

when can we start to see silver make big gains, instead of the flucuation that is happening right now?

I have an Ipad that I use to do my trades so this is my complaint why can't I buy some of this stock.  I have twenty some thousand moving on the market plus my rollover why can't I trade in apple why am I being kept to sixty some shares thanks google thanks apple for your thoughfull ness I'm you customer and user why are you not keeping the stock affordable to me