Most retailers put profit over people. The employees work hard for less. Instead of fatten the pockets of the execs, pay the employees more so they can provide for their families.

Doug I am an employer with Costco and I can tell u the reason why u might not see your favs in Costco anymore. It's because if that particular brand charges us to much for there product we will not buy it. We will buy what sells and also what we can sell to the member for the lowest price. Costcos growth profit margin is about 2% u look at other stores and u will c there's at 10 to 12%

Mad dog how do mom and pops stores create jobs? I have been working for Costco and make $22.50 an hour and have excellent health and dental ins. No mom and pops store could afford to pay that let alone give good health ins especially now with Obama care

No nothing your right Costco is a great stock but u did not buy Costco stock 15 months for $33.50 I have been buying Costco stock for 7 years now and it was never that low

I shop COSTCO but am getting really frustrated that they are discontinuing many of the products I buy. They substitute Kirkland private label and offer only that product. I want the top brands that I buy to come back. Why they discontinued Hunt's Tomatoes, Reddi Wip, Jif and other #1 brands thinking I would switch, clearly they haven't tasted what they are hoping I'll settle for buying. I'm now going to TARGET to buy many things I used to get at COSTCO.  Based on COSTCO's push to not stock the best named brands (Club Aldi?), when my membership is up, I won't be renewing - paying $100 to only get 3 items and gas isn't worth it.Frustrated High Value Shopper - Target will get my business!

I have been a Costco member for years and have been going there just for the bulk items in the pastl. However lately they have been optimizing their inventory like they are on a mission. I generally buy Organic / Higher quality groceries and they have gotten many items that I used to buy elsewhere into the store within the last year/year-and-a-half or so. I am VERY impressed with the huge improvement. That alone differentiates them from any other Big Box store. Wallmart (and their BJs can not compare in quality) but they are really going after a different audience and that's what the real difference is. I think COSTCO is going to give the big grocery retailers like Trader Joe's and Whole foods a run for their money. Organic produce is not priced over 2x from the suppliers, why does Whole foods sell it at such huge markup?

Blue grass help your self Wal Mart is not a good stock and they treat their employees like rats. Purchased Costco Stock some 15 months ago at $ 33.50 and today it is $102 so figures it out for your self. There is one good large box company and it is Costco. Period

Don't lump all Big Box stores in the same comment. Costco goes out of its way to sell locally made items and runs farms here in the USA, and it pays and treats its workers better than most companies in the US.

If these big retail companies keep selling Made in China consumer goods that means they are not in the customer creating process. They have to start asking their vendors/suppliers to provide them with products made by American workers so that the multiplier effect of manufacturing jobs will help grow the economy by creating employment via the supply chain. Of course some of you will say that inflation will rear its ugly head but what we pay for cheap Chinese made goods is not the actual cost to the U.S. economy. We have to factor in the huge trade deficit and budget deficit at the Federal, State and local levels due to the drastic decrease in business and individual tax base and unemployment benefits, and the underfunding of Social Security and Medicare to name a few.

Want to create jobs in the US. Ban Big Box stores. Bring back Mom and Pops. Don't shop Big Box.TMI   !!!!!!!!!!

keep buying wal mart. Good report coming in May.January 22 i paid $58,d60 for 200 shares and today it:s $62.45 Not bad for a poor boy like me.