Have we finally learned the painful lesson of intervening in civil wars? Especially those in the Middle East, but generally speaking, it is never a win for us. Let's keep our money and our troops out of this one shall we?

Obama didn't just intervene in the civil war,  He helped create and fund it..Same in Libya, Egypt,  Syria,  Mali, Next id Lebanon, the Saudi, then Kuwait..Watch..   If it turns out i'm right and the Arab Spring offensive maintains it's momentum after Syria,  we are in deep #$%$..

This is a Civil War. They can take care of it themselves. No need for the USA to borrow from China to give the OTHER islamists the weapons to kill our enemies, that will eventually be turned on us. The skimmers in DC and the contractors get theirs, while the tax payers get duped, then blamed when things go wrong. We never learn, we are Rome.

How in the Hell did planet Earth get in such a mess?  Oh yeah, humans.

GOOD FOR THEM.  It has nothing to do with the Taxpayers of the USA.  Mr Kerry and Mr Obama, keep you nose out of their business.  Let's concentrate on getting rid of the $16 Trillion in debt we owe the world, before you two start promising money to the countries that we don't owe a dime to.

the ME always shoots itself in its foot............witness what they did to a beautiful city of Beirut...........a hole now compared to what it was like years ago, known as 'the pearl of the Mediterranean'

Stop killing!

I thought America helped this civil war by offering air support and logistic support. Why are we even wasting our time with these countries, let them sort out their problems themselves.

The biggest concern among the US and other NATO members is that the Syrian rebels are comprised largely of ultra-conservative Muslims and al-Qaeda affiliated militant groups such as Al-Nusrah.  We've learned (the very hard way) from Egypt and Libya that toppling one autocratic regime does not, by a long shot, necessarily lead to a government that is less dangerous to the security of the US and its European allies.

Cry me a river. Let's talk about a Civil war started in 1861...how many dead and maimed?

"From teenage grafiti to a country in ruins" --- at first I thought I was reading a story about the United States -----At least their enemy is not silent like ours! The Fed led by Bernanke and the big banks own America! This is why interest on payments are 100 times the principle! It is no different than back when Tennessee Ernie Ford sang " I owe my soul to the company store"! Back in the 50's my Father worked mining and you rented from the mine, you got food coupons to use at the company store, and were lucky to have any pay check left. It is no different now just banks and government are stealing our hard earned money other ways!

Its still safer than Detroit,Camden ,New Orleans ,Philadelphia,Atlanta,Chicago

they started this proclaimed rebellion, sometimes you do get what you want, you wanted war, its exactly what you got, now live in the bigger mess you've made for yourself

Well if the U.S. has contributed one firecracker to the mix we'll be stuck rebuilding the Out House.

"Syrian war"= "Syrian problem" = "not my problem"

After Assad is deposed, then what?

Terrorists doing their best  work going from country to country , spreading their word of love. Who will be next and who's side will the US be on this time....

What is really behind the strife in Syria and all over the Middle East?  We in the West view “leaders” like Assad as quintessentially evil. And yet, surely there is something deeper at play here than simple malevolence. A merely evil person would simply take his fortune and run to a luxurious “exile” when the political tides turn against him. Why do so many of these despots cling to power so tenaciously, even at the risk of losing everything – including their lives, seemingly believing that they are “right” to do so?At least part of the answer to this question lies in the dominant political and cultural force in much of the Middle East and in Africa. It is a force that is largely unappreciated by Americans in particular, for it plays much less role here. That force is TRIBALISM – the loyalty felt and owed to members of one’s own tribe, over the myriad other tribes with which it competes for power and resources. It is a much stronger force than patriotism because it is rooted in blood and the kinship of extended families. What we westerners view as “corruption” – graft, nepotism and illegal patronage is considered not just the norm, but a duty in these countries. Other tribes may resent the leader in power for patronizing his own, but given the opportunity, they would do the same. The tribe comes first.The importance of tribalism to the psyche of these “leaders,” can hardly be overstated. Tribalism was at the root of the genocidal carnage in Rwanda between the Hutus and Tutsis. It is why the Baathists in Iraq, whose senior members were part of Saddam Hussein’s Albu Nasir tribe, fought fiercely to protect his regime – and their privileged position in it. It is why Gaddafi’s tribe, the Qadhafa, held out in Sirte, and why Syrian President Assad’s tribe, the Alawites, are now fighting just as fiercely to support him. It is why Gbagbo in the Ivory Coast clung to power until he was forcibly ousted, and why Mugabe hangs on still in Zimbabwe: It is their DUTY to their tribe on which they have bestowed decades of largesse and have received their loyalty and support in return. Abdicating power also means ceding the authority and privileges of the entire tribe. This cultural imperative is all the stronger in leaders of military background, for whom the soldier’s concepts of duty and honor are bound together with tribal allegiance.This is also why colonialism has been so destructive in these regions. Mixing these tribes together in some artificial geopolitical entity that we call a “country,” and expecting them to “share” its resources “democratically” is a purely Western concept. It is a recipe for continuous strife until one tribe garners sufficient power to install a “strongman” in the leadership role and forcibly suppresses other tribes in this ersatz “country,” plundering its resources for himself and his tribe. It is a winner-take-all system, and always has been. “Peace” lasts only until another tribe, or temporary alliance of several tribes, obtains sufficient power to overthrow the existing order in favor of their own. I hope I’m wrong, but it remains to be seen if western style “democracy” can be implemented in these regions where tribal tensions have held sway for centuries.  I fear that what we are really seeing in the “Arab Spring” are just tribal civil wars that will continue to rage long after the “bogeymen” are deposed.  These are not our fights, and we need to maintain strict neutrality.

looks like Assad made his choice to die in Syria

It's not two years of rebellion, it's two years of foreign invasion by the Saudi Arabian Foreign Legion. An Al-Qaida and Bosnian Muslim Mercenary force has invaded Syria 2 years ago through Turkey, Iraq and Jordan, they are paid, equipped and supplied with Wahhabi Saudi Oil money.  The Saudi's are using there Mongol stooges in Turkey and have totally bought off Western Europe and Obama, they even have the US and EU air forces running logistics.  Wake up America !"We never told our parents because we knew it would get them into trouble," said the teenager, who fled to neighboring Jordan last month. So on the night of February 22, 2011, one student scribbled on the school wall: "No teaching, No School, Till the end of Bashar's Rule." Another simply wrote: "Leave, Bashar". A good example of why children should listen to their parents !!!

Today's media would have a spastic frenzy if - Sherman's March - happened now.O would drone USCs in response to a civil uprising = to Syria's,Syria is having a civil war. (unfortunately) Bad things happens during war.Only the dead are free.

More garbage propaganda "news" from Reuter's honest mohamedon Taqquiya "reporters"

We have tons of graffiti in the US. Does it follow that we will have a rebellion soon?

And this affects me how? Let them kill each other.

"From teenage graffiti to a country in ruins" Would it be wrong the suggest aaht this is a straight line relationshio, with only the speed of the porcess being different from country to country?

Given the propensity of the Islamics to murder each other for a wide variety of reasons, it truly seems the natural state for the middle east is to be in a state of perpetual conflict; peace is an aberration for the region.

Who F ing cares what the throat cutters do to each other? I don't that the blacks in Chicago are killing each other either.

Syria is in ruins alright. And if we are dumb enough to get involved in that mess then they will expect us to pay to rebuild when the fighting is over. We need to stand clear of Syria.

If Obama is throwing support to the rebels in Syria, the U.S. will one day regret it when the radical anti-American Islamists take over the country.  Our support for the misnamed "Arab Spring" has NOT turned out well in Egypt, Tunisia, and Libya.  Our foreign policy in the Middle East is being run by a pack of dumbheads, going all the way back to Bush and his advisors and continuing today with Obama and HIS advisors.  Same old, same old...  Are we EVER going to wise up?They have been doing a great job killing radical muslims that would be focused on the USA.Keep up the good work.

Wars should be measured in terms of tonnage of ordinance used by country of origin

there will be no peace in this world until the Second Coming.

As with all the ME BS in which the US has been even remotely involved - the "cures" cheered on blog posts before they occur will prove worst than the afflictions, as unintended consequences occur! And then another round of blame fixing posting will kick in usually in the form of: If X had only done Y back in...! Know nothings romantically picking a side to cheer for, until it turns out badly, then complaining!

Syria needs to fly a few jets down to the souce of all Islamic Jihadism - Saudi Arabia.  Around the world people are killed by Islamic commandos organized, financed, and armed by Saudi Arabia.  The bizarre pointless daily attacks in Iraq would cease if Saudi Arabia had to pay a price for the misery they bring to the world.  Whan Saudi Arabians attacked the US on 9/11 the US government turned the other cheek and blamed anyone but Saudi Arabia.  Why?  Cut off the snakes head.

Syria can thank obama for starting this "arab spring".  The rebels are al qaeda and Syria was set up.  Dictators being replaced with Muslim Brotherhood makes no sense.  The people will be worse off if they lose their dictator in this case.  Look what happened to Egypt.

I'd like to get a weapons export license so I can sell guns to people who want to kill themselves. At least I'll be helping the American economy.

this is why phillip gross should serve his entire sentence in cuba.

This is not a rebellion.  This is the long planned invasion and de-stabilization planned by America/Israel for years, following up on their destruction of Libya and leading up to the inevitable long planned war with Iran to leave Israel in control of the Middle East.  Do not be brainwashed by western media but check out alternative news sites on the internet to see what the truth is about what is happening in Syria.  Central bankers are desperate to control the world economy and bring about global dictatorship.  Only the internet is keeping them from achieving their nefarious goal.

"A senior Syrian rebel commander said U.S. officers have almost completed training a first contingent of Syrian rebels in Jordan to use anti-tank and anti-aircraft weaponry."So here it is, finally in print. Shades of Vietnam, and Afghanistan---we are involved, and not just in giving simple aid [food, and medicine], but tactical advice. We couldn't leave well enough alone, but had to interfere in Syria's sectarian civil war.The worst part of this story is the part that they aren't telling us. Our Government is going to take out massive loansfor tens of trillions of dollars after the muslims are done destroying their own country and rebuild the entire country. Then they are going to tell themselves what a great job they did ans WE are going to be stuck paying off the loans that we didn't want to rebuild a country we didn't destroy. Meanwhile our congress is going to be talking massive budget cuts starting with the poor and never touching themselves or the rich.

see what the "right" man in office can DO for a country! priceless!

Dusty says the ME always shoots itself in the foot. Like all you other Humans don't???!!! Germany, Russia,London, Japan, etc., etc., didn't look so hot after WW1 OR 2, Eh?! And..... most of those people were claiming to be Good Christ-ians. Whereas, most of the ME looked relatively OK. NOT taking the ME's "side", but lots of you Humans have short memories or some thing!!!

The Syrian government's bombing campaigns against the Free Syria Army has to be some of the most indiscriminate/inaccurate bombing campaigns in the recent history of warfare. Kill two Free Syria Army soldiers....and 40-100 men, women and children civilians...while you level 500 year old Syrian neighborhoods and various infrastructure. This alone shows Assad's lack of qualification to be the head of the Syrian state...severe lack of compassion/ethics in warfare. We/the U.S.....may be guilty of this to a degree with our drone strike campaigns in Pakistan etc...but there is a serious effort/serious intelligence to avoid civilian deaths by the U.S. military.

It’s Bush’s fault.

This is not a rebellion. it's a foreign insurgery by terrroists funded by the West...and most Americans know it.   The Sunday news talk shows stated there are anti aircraft guns in Turkey for the "rebels".they have been there for a while, transfered from libya and coordinated though the Benghazi CIA Special Missions Compound there before being attacked.  The luxury home with a swimming pool, surrounded by tree groves in the rich suburbs of Benghazi was never a US Consulate.  That's why the details are "classified" here in the US, but the truth is all over the rest of the world's press.  Ambassador Stevens coordinated the transfer of thousands of tons of weapons left over from the Libyan coup overthrow of Gahdafi to Turkey and Jordan...... including anti-aircraft weaponry, chemical weapons and rocket launchers (like the ones used to murder 80 Syrian children in cold blood on exam day at a university). As a father, a vet an and a third generation American...I found this US terrorism below dispicable, not to mention our government has been hiring, funding and arming terrorists for over two years and lyi9ng to we in the US public."....... and calls for the West to give more help to the Syrian rebels are rising."  Calls by who? The trolls in our media, our terrorist polticians taking bibes and the corporate trolls looking to exploit Syria for profit and paying thse bribes?  Add more heavy weaponry for peace?  Only a troll or a moron would propose such a solution.  It's obvious that most on this message board (which is even extremely conservative) want the US to have nothing to do with this, and to quit supporting terrorism and and Al-Queda terrorists murdering and displacing the Syrian citizens.

Question is...will it ever any better than it was to start with?

men, at the moment, are war-like creatures. maybe (maybe not) in the distant future, they will wise up and be more mature.

Come on Assad finish the job and get rid of the filth already please .!!!!!!!!!!!!

Don't you think Obama would do the same as Assad if we Americans decided to overthrow him? Or would Obama just quit and leave the way he wants Assad to do?   ''No teaching, no school, till the end of Obama's rule''!Secular dictators are being replaced by Muslim Theocracy (ex. Egypt, Libya and now Syria).  One must question the motivations if those in Washington who are encouraging, supporting and now supplying arms to assist in these regieme changes.

Who cares? These stone-age barbarians have never been allies of America, and they NEVER WILL BE, even if the rebels win. Wake up, you delusional fools. The "Arab Spring" only gave rise to Muslim radicals who hate us more than the dictators before them.

Syriasly??

I saw the picture i thought it was Detroit.

We need to help the rebels because they are the lesser of two evils.Plus you cant lump the rebels into one group.Yes there are rebels that are our enemys,but many are not and now is the time to influnce them so they will know freedom and democracy and when Assad is gone they wont let the radicals take over.Egypt is a good example.The most radical took over but they have their hands full trying to stop freedom and are getting less popular as people learn what their plan is.

Of ALL Muslim Shari'a states, after Leb &amp; Jor, it's Syr that I'd prefer to live in, without a DOUBT!No, Stupid, EVERYONE in Pak has Hep A, B or C!

Coming to America.. Obama 2016 and beyond !! Allah Akbar.

Let them fight their own Civil War, best we stay out except humanitarian assistance. No other country helped us end our Civil War. Some things need to be sorted out internally.

A little LSD in the water would solve this whole problem.

Deraa, 2012 and 2013. Vicksburg, 1863. Fredericksburg, 1862.Better wake up America this is what happens when the rich and powerful have all the wealth and comfort.

Yay Arab Spring ! !

Why do Americans enjoy helping people that will turn against us as soon as they take control of a country.Why do we spend so much money on these people?Why do so many Americans want to take gun away from honest Americans so that criminals will have all the guns?20 children killed out of 13000 people killed with all types of guns --Obama is able to send the country into a hate gun frenzee blaming so called Assault Weapons--what a country of sheep--being let around by their god--what will he attack next?

Didn't the Bible say that Damascus would be in ruins?

No exporting of Assad, he was made in Syria will live in Syria and soon die in Syria.

Americas CIA did not plan this part of their 'Arab Spring' very well, did they?

2 years of rebellion?! More like 2 years of a western iniated and supported insurgency.i see where Libya has already adopted a central bank under internationalist banker control. Monetary control is what this is all about.

These people want Assad removed, but are unwilling to actually do anything about it. They want (demand) someone else to put their life on the line to give them their "freedom".

Another country that is desperate to revolt and become a hardline islamic theocracy. Yaaawn.

I would love to see Assad get dragged out of a sewer like Gaddafi.Am I the only one who knows how to spell and say "Holy War" Syria is the after effect and fallout that started over a decade ago. Any tyrannical leader in this region will be targeted. The people have finally seen their chance to free themselves from the chains of these leaders. Some of them behind the ruse of religious intents..

It is not money who changes people, it is power.

We've ruined another sovereign nation and the list goes on. I'm sure all of the countries ruined are really grateful that there relatives were murdered too!

Another religious war and another country destroyed.......That makes Afghanistan,,,Iraq,,,Libya....Egypt,,,the occupied Palestinian territories and Syria all destroyed with plenty of help from the outside world.....

All this started because Assad cut the welfare payments?

"They chose to vent their anger at the pervasive fear and repression in the country at their school in the Hay al-Arbeen district."HOW IS THAT WORKING OUT FOR YOU???? Fear and repression from Jihadists may be far more fun@!

Total estimated loss for Syria $4.37.

Time is almost up!! anyone else read the Bible???

If i had not read it myself i would not have known this is biblical!!

Ask me if I give a hoot about a single person in Syria...  Go on ask me !!!What the Saudis and NATO have brought to Syria.

Now that the country is in ruins, nobody will care as much about the vandalism in the form of graffiti.

All this started by a few punk kids "tagging" the walls of their school.  The security forces should have brought the kids home and told their parents and slapped them with a fine.  Instead they detained the kids and tortured them...leading to the Civil War.

Syria is one eff'd up country!

Supporting the Al Qaeda and radical Sunni Islamist "rebels" is a prescription for more endless violence, whether they "win" or simply continue the rebellion. We should not be supporting ANY side in this morass in which the devil we don't know (the radical Sunni theocracy which will certainly follow - as it is in Egypt) is worst than the devil we do know and who has at least existed in a state of quasi-stability in the region (stability by Middle Eastern standards anyway).

Looks OK to me.  Palestinians would call it home.

Every single one of the 70,000 Syrian dead, and the millions of families displaced from their homes and suffering horribly, is the responsibility of the continual stream, for the last two years, of money, foreign fighters, arms, (including rockets and sophisticated weapons, car bombs, IDES), training, logistics. satellite tracking and communications that have been pouring into Syria for the past 24 months, through Turkey and Lebanon, from the rapacious NATOGCC club (the US-led North Atlantic Treaty Organization and its Arab puppets of the Gulf Cooperation Council).  These disgusting hypocrites have a geo-strategic objective, totally divorced for what any human being living in Syria may want or hope for, and they don't give a damn how many Syrians have to die for them to achieve it.

The REAL REASON for all this is that Western Big Oil and their Sunni Oil State buddies in the Persian Gulf want a Trans-Arabia natural gas pipeline across Syria to the Mediterranean to European energy markets, rather than taking the long way around by sea.  Hence all the covert and not so covert aid to these Sunni rebels from European &amp; US governments, their militaries, and their counterparts of our CIA.

It will become the new home base for militant groups. But god will save us all right? Maybe god is just a tad busy with other things at the moment. Or maybe ...just maybe....religion has been the biggest excuse of people though time to kill each other.

The left is going to drain even more energy from the USA by being the Aggressive hawksWhile supporting the Islamist ( Muslim Brotherhood ) and Shariah Law !!!!Muslims being muslims.. the more they kill each other, the less we have to kill later.

Obama's future for America.

nothing from nothing now they don't have homes or food or jobs and they seem to be waiting waiting for the magic wand to show them the way

I hope this Syria conflict never ends and they keep killing one another and Assad wins.

Yep, It was Painting and peaceful stone-throwing like the Palestians do. Maybe it was all started over a youtube video? The Media is on the wrong side here again just like they where when President Clinton supported the Drug running KLA muslems during the Sebia/Kosovo land-grab.

The destabilization and regime change project that is included in the Project for the New American Century, has killed over a million people and ruined the lives of millions more. The people who are destabilizing Syria are the same thugs who were used by the NATO oil plunderers to bring down Gaddafi. As they did in Iraq, they plunged Libya into chaos, destroyed infrastructure and caused a breakdown of society. In Syria, the NATO-backed thugs are torturing and beheading people on a daily basis. This whole criminal enterprise was set into motion ten years ago by the murder of 3,000 people in NY by traitors. Obama is a puppet of the same gang of criminals that controlled his predecessor George, the Imbecile. His warmongering speaks for itself. If you want to stop the endless wars, and to return to rule of law and real democracy, demand a real criminal investigation of 9/11.

Are we sure this isn't an article about Detroit?  Right here in America?

This war would of ended in a week if Bozo obama would of kept the support out of it.

Long live President Assad &amp; his Family as american Christian  I strongly against other country s of helping overthrow the Assad Family its not our Business &amp; it will come back to Haunt the American people  President Obama you was elected by us to set our Country on the right road Please stay out of Syria  Look at Europe it was NOT Assad Family that caused there failure It was GREED by the Government elected by the people to rule them  World war (#) will come soon if  people don't mind there own dame Business We the Free elect Presidents to put the best &amp; brightest people in position to make our lives better But its all GREED  when the get taste of POWER  So I ask all our elected  Leaders to stay out of SYRIA  let the people of that country sort out there own conflict    After all the ARAB Spring did not bare much fruit  Thanks to England France Italy &amp; America &amp; Germany  Lets clean up our own back yard  or move over &amp; lets get a President that can  turn these dame world around   Long Live President Assad He not responsible for the 70 thousand   dead a 15 year old &amp; his friends are  Syria was a Beautiful country now look what  Greed  by a few has done  Let the people of SYRIA ask President ASSAD to Rule as His Family has done for 40 years  &amp;  set there country on the road of peace that that country had until other country s  tried to destroy  it &amp; maybe the people get lucky &amp;  be able to rebuild that Beautiful country  We have a school shooting in America &amp; the President wants a Gun ban to be put into effect  yet He's  urging others to over throw  President Assad  Mr.President Obama  I ask you to remain on course get us Americans back to work  We don't want our young men &amp; woman  dying in other conflicts  Please

CIA at it again. Title, "Teenage Graffiti to Revolution, Two Year Later Country in Ruins" OMFG. Can we believe the propagandistic missdirection meme equation that if people are dissatisfied with, in this case, U.S. installed monarchy (despite claiming that Assad is tied to Russia in other articles, echos of Cold War missdirection) to ruination. The exact opposite is the reality. Fighting illegitimate power is the ONLY way to improve things for regular people, including in the U.S. Those causing the suffering are not the Syrian teenagers or those others working to overthrow fascism or any other tyranny. Billionaires are the central cause of all suffering and ecosystem failures and are the entrenched in power in Syria, in Israel, in Europe and in the U.S. The U.S. is at it again, causing suffering through repression and stamping out any small flicker of revolutionary impulse, as usual.Assad should learn from his own failure. His country is a shambles and he survives only upon the aid of the Russians, Chinese and Iran, the new " Axis of Evil"

Sounds like a few US cities.  Graffiti, neighborhoods in ruins, Gang terrorism. Only difference is US cities don't get millions given to them like Syria, Iraq, Egypt, etc.

It will be extremely difficult to find any tears dripping down American's faces over Syria's plight. They have their very own little civil war going and we must NOT have anything to do with it. No need for the USA to get worked up over the people and the country of Syria. Eventually that mess will sort itself out, leaving behind a new need for revenge killings for centuries to come. It's just the way they are!

We are supporting the wrong side and we will regret it. Long live ASSAD

2013 prediction: Assad will die in Syria. Like a dog.

I don't think a war is going on in Michigan, but this pic looks like downtown De-toilet.

And I was always told Islam is a peaceful religion.  Wake up America!  This is what they want to do to the rest of the world.

Destruction of entire country as the price for political ambitions of fewBut those few do not care.

Guess What?? Writing offensive graffiti on walls that don't belong to you will get you in trouble even in the good ole USA. And I'm also pretty sure that if protester here started throwing rocks and fire bombs at our police they just might fire back at them!! Maybe. So far our protesters have had better since to press their luck that far. Only a few macings and a few beatings have occurred to unruly protestors in America for the most part!!

It appears that the Al-Qaeda terrorist Muslim rebels &amp; the Muslim Brotherhood's Arab spring, summer &amp; winter, still with the firm support of the Syrian people, Assad didn't fall...world leading jewish media is reporting 24/7 for al Qaeda---after finishing Syria they will move on Iran,Russia and China---to install the mf NWO

I'm not too opposed to us selling weapons to the rebels. Evens the odds some. More bloodshed and a profit $$$

The people who danced in the streets during 9/11 want our help!!! But then again al qada wanted our help when russia invaded afghanistan!!!!!

70,000 Dead Human Beings and the American Drone King is worried about GUN CONTROL in the Blue State Urban Cesspools?

"I am Syrian; I was made in Syria. I have to live in Syria and die in Syria." If my memory serves me right, Kaddafhy and Hussein said more or less the same thing!

If teenagers scrawl "Death to Obama" on a wall in the US what will happen?If Assad is forced out, we will get a new Assad whose behavior won't be any different.

What blatant left wing PROPAGANDA !!!!!!If it wasn’t for the CIA string things up and promoting the mercenaries activityThis war would have never started and for sure would not have gone on this long.Hundreds of tons of munitions have been smuggled into Syria from the US in thisCOVER ACTION !!!!!!!!!!!

Bring your Islam #$%$ to America and we will come there to destroy your country. Foreign wars are good training exercises.

2 years my #$%$ you guys been killin your selves for 100 years.

Same thing is coming soon to America, except the death toll will be in the many millions.  Disarmed by Obama/Biden/Feinstein (the biggest terrorists of all), helpless against the so-called UN peacekeepers, how will we be able to fight back against the Turks/Pakis/Afghanis and all the Muslims wearing blue helmets, carrying full-auto machine guns, and riding around in armored vehicles?  The worst part is that there isn't be any other country left to give us weapons to fight with.  Please stop voting for liberal idiots who are hell-bent on destroying America.This has been a very good conflict! They are lilling each other in great numbers in the name of Allah. We should send both sides weapons.

ASSAD is a world wide hero--after Asad will follow Iran,Russia and China----and SATANyahoo will be install the NWO --leader

Assard was right about one thing...he will die in Syria.........

There will similar article written about an American city in the near future.

divide and conquer,western ploy at its best!!

Who cares about this when Miley Cyrus just got a new tattoo?

I did not see Reuters/AP Fox News gloryfying these Al Qaida Terrorists when they were killing our Soliders in Iraq and Afganistan. These are the same Media oulets who lied about the WMD'S presence in Iraq. Now beacuse of their blind hate to Assad and their love of the money that they recive from the Salfi/Wahabi dictatorships in Qatar and Saudi Arabia. ARAB SPRING MY #$%$. IT IS AN ARAB TERRORIST NIGHTMARE.

Islam deserves itself.  Leave them alone, keep them at bay and move on.

The Syrian government would rather see their country in ruins than accented with lively street art. Sounds like a country I know....

Assad's iron fist will crush everybody.country in ruins? team america and obama to the recue. no worries we will give you 100s of billions while our own country deteriorates into oblivion

Hopefully Syria, White Iran, and Hezbollah militia can exterminate  every Sunni Al-CIAda terrorist who our government &amp; media said did 9/11

muslims killing muslims, don't see anything wrong with that.

I kinda like how that mooslim country look now, kinda wish it would spread to iran and Palestine

The news media started this war............

the Gewish banksters will use the mf vile rats al CIAda till they destroy Iran--

for SATANyahoo to move on Iran,has to take out Syria----simple!

was a very good gewish set-up,the destruction of Syria---so they can move to destroy Iran,Russia and China

What the article fails to mention is that the other graffiti that was written was "death to america"

such ashame. I have been there before this all happened and the country was BEAUTIFULI hope Assad dies soon.

As per usual, yahoo commentators seem among the least informed anywhere, either that, or they are the moral compasses of psychopaths. Cheering on Assad as he shoots at people lining up for bread and shells them indiscriminately. Well, I have news for you: your boy will lose. Live with it.

I think they meant what is left of Detroit.

Not to worry, The United States will pick up the bill for rebuilding your country. Glad to do it.

Better title:  "Look what a Tyrant has done to his people and nation".   Same as what Obama is doing to America.  Impeach Obama NOW!

Why doesn't Yahoo or other mainstream media report on the mass rallies in support for President Assad in LA and other Western cities?

This war was planned, played and orchestrated by the same bunch of thugs that destroyed Iraq and Libya.

If I start drawing anti Obama slogans on walls 2 years later he'll be gone?

It took children to make people to get up and fight the Assads who have been tyrants for 40 years ? Poor brave kids, hope they are all still alive today.

they probably stole the cans from thier neighborhood Allahmart and thats not nice, they will probably have thier left handcut off and will forever have to wipe &amp; shake with the right hand!! probably wont have too many friends will to pull the pin on a grenade!!Country in ruins? Halliburton to the rescue

did you really believe that? it is clear the evil Qatari  planned everything. they are investing in GB and France now to get their support of arming the salafies and Muslim radicals to fight Assad. dirty game...

All thanks to whites

And tell what do 4 16 year old boys know.....who we 14 at the begining of this....nothing.....nothing at all.....

Part of the article you'll read in a few years: "After years of brutal civil-war, the militant rebels were finally victorious. Assad and all of his top advisers were executed, and the international community was optimistic that a new era of peace and prosperity had finally dawned on the Syrian people. But it was not to be. The process of high hopes fading to chaos was very similar to what occurred in regional neighbor Egypt just a few years before nearly the same thing also took place in Syria..."

4 tips from TRAINING MANUAL OF ONLINE SYRIAN PROPAGANDISTS: 1. Portray the rebels as "terrorists &amp; Al Queda even if most are not; 2. Pretend to be American and ask questions like "Why are 'we' helping them? 3. Never mention Assad's role in the death of 200 marines in Lebanon or how he aided Al Queda in killing US soldiers in Iraq; 4. Never remind readers of about how Assad originally slaughtered and tortured peaceful demonstrators demanding serious reforms, democracy and human rights, making fine use of snipers.

A monument portraying Assad's father was torched, and the chants of "God, Syria and Freedom" spread to the urban sprawl east of Damascus and other cities across Syria. As more demonstrations were crushed, protesters took up arms. People are tired of this criminal mafia regime

I have been following this IMPOSED WAR upon Syria since the start of this on the net.  the truth is that this war has been imposed by USA &amp; Israel with the help of Turkey, Qatar, Saudi Arabia. (traitors to their own people).  Its all about trying to weaken Iran to protect Syria.  Since Iran helps the Palestinians with canned foods, charity and rockets and the route is through its ally Syria. the Israelis with the help of U.S. asked Saudi Kingdom to help their Sunni sold out scholars (wahabis) to give religious verdicts for jihad against Shia Muslims in Syria.  Since Sunnis and Shias have always been united in Syria against Israel and have supported Bashar al Asad's rule..  the Saudis had to export (sunni extremist militants) Al Qaeda (brainwashed inhuman zombies from Afghanistan, Chesnia, Libya,) into Syria and make it appear like its a civil war.  which is false because there is no civil war, its a trying to COUP DE DAT a rule which has been supported by majority of his people.  the U.S. has destroyed millions of innocent Syrian people's lives in Syria all for the interest of Israel. (the truth is bitter)  and billions of U.S. tax dollars are being pumped into this senseless war against Bashar al Asad.U.S. must realize that Iran is GOOOOOOOOD country.  Israel is BAAAAAAD country.  Palestinians are the victims of Israeli GREEEEED for land usurpation!!!  U.S. must simply stop wasting innocent American people's money,  and stop trying to take over the middle east.  U.S. is only doing this for OIL, and to protect Israel by weakening the Muslims (making Shias and Sunnis destroy each other) only helps Israel.

Except for the Iranian-backed Hezbollah terrorists, you can bet that all others in Lebanon are hoping for an end to the Assad dynasty. The Assads have been terrorizing their Lebanese neighbors for many years.P.S. - A shout out to Troy Aikman LOL

Although I hate to pick sides in a muslim on muslim conflict - It seems to me the Shi'ites are the more moderate of the two. The Sunnis are the indiscriminate killers of innocents including women and children. - This entire story is biased and basically just more propaganda endorsed wholeheartedly by the Obama administration to gain sympathy and misinform American citizens so his failed past and future foreign policy initiatives will go unanswered. Obama is a war criminal and should be impeached and executed for treason.Syria in ruins because the blood thirstry persian-safawi and russian pagan christian ideology at work.

Syria was never in ruins? Could've fooled me!

Disagree . The writers are wrong in what they stated :" From teenage graffiti to a country in ruins".Any one with common sense will conclude that this was planned and paid for with Black gold ( Qatar and Saudi) . Aljazeera mentioned that the fighters went into Syria from 143 different countries to perform Islamic Jihad .I believe that their GPS is screwed up . They should have started with the Gulf States and continued to clean up all non elected governments in the region .We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.

We can't force any nation to become what we want it to become. We're guessing whatever government replaces Assad will be an improvement.  There's no guarantees.

Syria is turning into one big graveyard.  At this rate, in a few years, there will be no one left to bury the dead.   The Islamics can't blame the Jewish people, or Israel, or America, or the Vatican, or the Europeans for any of it, as it's 100% their creation.

removed saddam ,,,, muslims killed Iraqi Christians and burn their churches...removed Mubarak in Egypt ,,,, muslims bringing sharia law and forcing Christians to be under sharia law and killing them ...removed Alqadhafy in Libya ,,,, muslims didn't find any Christians in Libya so they destroyed the old Christians and Jews graves and killed USA ambassador...Still wants to remove Alasad from Syria?

Try to watch the HBO documentary on Syria in the "Witness" series.  It's the best one in the series and shows this civil war in a way you won't see anywhere else, ever.

"We were free until we stopped fighting, now no one has freedom." -Chief Tawonka

That is why you don't arm civilians to fight govt .it don't bring anything good in the long run .revolution happens when times comes naturally forcing something premature will just destroy any hope of good future .Any opposition who don't support govt should fight with the politics ..when opposition try to bring guns &amp; fight against army ,govt they should be treated as any terrorists just like the one who are operating on mali

How can it be a civil war when these so called "activists" are not even from Syria but are foreign extremists just like the ones our troops are fighting in Afghanistan..It's not a Civil War.It's a Proxy War happening in Syria.btw Assad is the good guy in this battle between good &amp; evil.comming to a theatre near you.

Social media starts a lot of trouble it can;t stop...........posted by  person who think they know big picture views......

Leave my people go

who suffers the moste from war? the kids!, look, if the pen is mightier then the sword, then love! is more powerful then any weapon!!!    project2025 listen to the children!!! gosophi!!!!

more propaghanda for the zionist backed rebels.  zionists want radical alqueda to win the war and topple the secular bathhist government because 'islamist' government better complement the racist zionist regime.

These people couldve cared less Al Assad was Alawi or not this was a dictatorship just like his father these people were repressed. These are HUMAN BEINGS human beings do not like to be repressed and given few rights. At least they fight their Government when it turns on them speak out and Try to TAKE their country back WERE the real cowards letting this Government lie to us to steal our rights more and more each day since that catastrophe they orchastrated on 9/11.

What a romantic artice about Al Qaida. Way to go.

Keep fighting each other. There are countries waiting to take what is left.

Never under any circumstances note that Assad's Baathist Party was formed in the 1940s as a direct copy of Hitler's discredited National Socialist or Nazi Party. The goal is to confuse readers into believing that the only choice Syrians have is between secular fascism and clerical fascism. Never suggest a third option: democracy, freedom and human rights as something Syrias might desire.

Better Headline: Two years of unsuccessful attempt by the western imperialist to bring down a legitimate regime backfiresThats the good news for Assad..the rats will gradually be flushed out...Thanks to BRICS(Brazil,Russia,India,China and South Africa) alliance.The evil plot hatched by the west has finally backfired..America in great debt,Europe in turmoil..And did i hear that France wants to recolonize Mali..never ever will history repeatNevertheless, the president, clearly freed from any lingering qualms over the use of force - he has compared the blood on his hands to that of a surgeon operating to "save his patient" -  What an idiot criminal president

"I remember hundreds of thousands of peaceful people that were demanding, above all, less corruption, more freedom," said Eric Chevallier, the French ambassador to Syria who visited Hama at that time. people want freedom, murderer assad wants blood

"A documentary about the human cost of the Syrian conflict and the scale of the devastation. No politics -- only people telling their story.Caution: previously unseen facts of brutality (16+)."ww‌w.youtube.co‌m/watch?v=JWUjgSmrN7Y

hey assad, is your nickname really " doctor " , doctor of what? DOCTOR EVIL ? DOCTOR DEATH?your wish to die in syria is getting closer, have you thought what will happen to your wife and chidlren when you are in the coffin? what you have done to the people of syria will be stuck forever on your children, stop talking thru the end of your intestine and use your head to stop the killing of the defenseless.......pls....plz...pls...plz..zzzzzzzzha ha ha ho ho ho he he he

The regime could only be certain of the loyalty of the mainly Alawite special forces, Republican Guard and elite 3rd and 4th Divisions - perhaps 50,000 troops in total," it said. assad is protected by his clans and criminals

Everything can change in the blink of an eye. No one there was born by choose. It's just by chance. No one stays there by chance, it's by fighting. This makes you wonder why this has been going on since the beginning of time.

muslims

Hopefully our troops are prepared to move quickly to invade Syria, when Israel gives us the order for deployment.  God bless!

Hopefully the izzies and Baathists will slaughter each other and leave nothing but rubble.Feel sorry for the children who are indoctrinated into either the fascists or the death cult.

Assad blew it two years ago and would have been far better off today--like all Syrians--if he had given in to demands for democracy, freedom and human rights instead.   Now he'd take that offer instantly but it's way to late after committing too many crimes (retaliatory bombings, targeting breadlines, mass execution, extreme torture, removal of eyes and genitalia, etc. No one will ever deal with him or tolerate a deal that leaves him free now.If Alawites want peace they must oust him and his thugs and arrest them to regain credit.   Assad's crime against Alawites include deliberately promoting sectarianism as in spread the idea--promoted here by his followers--that all the rebels are Al Queda, including tens of thousands of defectors from his own army and top officers.  How improbable?   The NY Times has a great piece today by Robert Mackey reminding both sides of how it started and what could have been if not for Assad's choice of repression and Chechnya strategy.My thanks to the brave writers of this chronological story/map of the TRUTH. I constantly get attacked by Assad's propaganda machine that keeps telling the world blatant lies as to this conflict. I hope The Free Syrian Army tears him a new one, and soon. The world will truly be a better place without Assad and his family.

So, the Police were sitting watching the protest. Then 120 were killed, and all of sudden a "Free syrian Army" was formed, thousands of fighters crossed from Turkey &amp; Lebanon armed by Saudi Arabia and Qatar. And this is still considered a people's revolution ?

How did this alawits terrorists Assad become a president ??  Just asking !! And how did his dead terrorist father also become a president of Syria ? Maybe I get good answer

Bashar, don't fret.  We have the same demons and demonoidsruining every other of our Nations, too.   Just keep fighting theseinvading broodsters, and don't stop, just as every other decentperson will never stop, till we have punished all of the "rebels"aka demons, Amen!!!

The rebles will ineek Assad and his wife #$%$ style very soon !! Lol  maybe Assad pork chops supporters will get their share also !! They will

clic on my name for se cret of j ews read and sc roll.

To those of you supporting the alawits hizbollah Iranians khomini terrorists , your are going to end just like your terrorists alawit master, d e ad !!

My prayers to the civilian women and children of these evil, hostile, greed affected environments abound in the Middle East.

Notice how fast and easy those that knows not the love of God are set off

Assad should've stayed the eye doctor.Terrorists doing their best work going from country to country , spreading their word of love. Who will be next and who's side will the US be on this time....Orland, 5 hrs agoIs this a life support mask you got on ?? Are you posing your comment from one of Syria hospital icu ??  Don't have heart  attack on us old man !!

U.S + U.K + Qatar + Turkey + Saudi Arabia are destroying the middle east.Why they hideously are helping the #$%$ rebels?

I feel real happy today, people are now aware of and do not believe the propaganda war that is waging against Asad!Most syrians love Asad,yes there was protests against him but there were  mercenaries within peaceful  protestors whom started shooting at government forces naturally government forces have to respond then it all started! Im also happy that GSP  and Johny Hendricks won the UFC, Raikonen and Lotus won the F1 race, Its Saint Patrick's day! Hell i think im still drunk from last night and have to start again soon

Assad, RIGHT DIE ALLREADY !Cant believe that no one kills this demon, evil manure bag, shame on his army and police. He has destroyed this Country and its people, who dont belong to him.#$%$ bag, ugly turtlr man who stands there killing, raping torturing maiming and killing children, filth of this planet cursed may he be and all thats his. for all eternity.He wants to die in Syria so accomodate the #$%$. enoug , enough.IF CHINA AND RUSSIA DONT AGREE, NUKE THEM TOO. Both filth just as Assad, accomplice of this killer , genocide murderer, crimes against humanity.A few weeks ago Turkey Erdogan said that Israel had committed crimes against humnanity but ht does not say this about Assad, not am uslim can kill no one else.Hey Erdogan what the million of Armenians you killed, ARMENIAN GENOCIDE, YES GENOCIDE AND WE WONT STOP UNTIL YOU APPOLOGIZE AND COMPENSATE THEM FOR THEIR SUFFERING. PIGS, ULTIMATE MANURE BAGS. LOOK WHO IS CALLING SOMEONE ELSE BAD, THE WORST KILLERS AND THIEVES THE EARTH EVER SAW. TURKS A PEOPLE Violent with no limits, CHECK THEIR HISTORY.....SHAME ON YOUERDOGAN, SHAME ON ASSAD, SHAME ON PUTIN, SHAME ON CHINA.

hopes he dies in Syria and a slow death to for all he did

Whoever wins this war, and most likely it will not be Assad , will not have much of a country left. Syria looks like Germany after WWII with the cities and infrastructure destroyed. However Germany had the Marshall Plan and a hard working people. It is doubtful that Syria has either.

One of the books published in the US state that one of these young men was shot though the chest and dumped in an alley.

this is how it started folks, no CIA no zionist conspiracy...anyone that has had  ties to this situation for teh past 3 years knows that the parents of these kids that were caught by the assad forces and tortured protested PEACEFULLY until abut 30,000 people were killed and then they had enough. all assad had to do is step down but he feels that he was given the right to rule that land by god and the shaabia and hizollah snipers are there shooting babies to make sure he stays in power for their own benefit.  syrian occupiers adn hezbollah have ruiined lebannon as well..and yet peopel still stand up for them, i do not understand...good things happen to bad peopple but evil does no prevail forever.

can we one day just once get the governmet's point of view. or are we just going to be fed more lies from "rebels" (wahabi terrorists).

The Enemy of our Enemy is our Friend. So in this Case the rebels are our friends and our government is willing to support them.