Bush stole the money from the poor and the middle-class,gave it to the wealthy ,,,in the traditional GOP trickle-down policy,,,,,except the wealthy HOARDED the money in tax-free off-shore accounts,,,,soo glad we can blame this on President Obama

Who would buy headphones from a company called "Skull Candy"?

Wowee! The pyramid scheme is alive and well for a time.

Why are there comments from a year ago on a story that was posted three hours ago?

The Obama Green Graveyard of Taxpayer-Funded Failures...There are 12 more Obama “green energy” losers that have declared bankruptcy despite attempts to prop them up with taxpayer money.Abound Solar (Loveland, Colorado), manufacturer of thin film photovoltaic modules.Beacon Power (Tyngsborough, Massachusetts), designed and developed advanced products and services to support stable, reliable and efficientelectricity grid operation.Ener1 (Indianapolis, Indiana), built compact lithium-ion-powered battery solutions for hybrid and electric cars.Energy Conversion Devices (Rochester Hills, Michigan/Auburn Hills, Michigan), manufacturer of flexible thin film photovoltaic (PV) technology anda producer of batteries and other renewable energy-related products.Evergreen Solar, Inc. (Marlborough, Massachusetts), manufactured and installed solar panels.Mountain Plaza, Inc. (Dandridge, Tennessee), designed and implemented “truck-stop electrification” technology.Olsen’s Crop Service and Olsens Mills Acquisition Co. (Berlin, Wisconsin), a private company producing ethanol.Range Fuels (Soperton, Georgia), tried to develop a technology that converted biomass into ethanol without the use of enzymes.Raser Technologies (Provo, Utah), geothermal power plants and technology licensing.Solyndra (Fremont, California), manufacturer of cylindrical panels of thin-film solar cells.Spectrawatt (Hopewell, New York), solar cell manufacturer.Thompson River Power LLC (Wayzata, Minnesota), designed and developed advanced products and services to support stable, reliable and efficientelectricity grid operation.Source: Heritage Foundation (7/24/12)

As long as O'Bumble sits in the White House investors will be losers. Obama WANTS America to fail.

Stealth gas.  Is that what we used to refer to as a "silent but deadly?"

CIMT I's gone be hot stock for this year $50

Barack's skin color may be 1/2 black... But he's a 1/2 white Democrat....

It's all good, just keep shopping and don't worry yourself with details. The government will protect you! LMAOCheap Money Baby!! wait til interest rates rise.....

I W I S H  Y O U  A L L W O U L D  M A K E   U P   Y O U R M I N D S  your confussing people. 401k suck anyway you pay to much taxes on the money.

Market is nothing more than a scam for those on the inside to steal money from those who think they can buy stock and retire rich !!

I bet if we took 2 people and gave them 100k and told one to stash it and the other to invest it, the one that stashes it will come out ahead.  Of course you would have to hide it at the rate of 9k a month so our friendly government doesn't catch on and want their part.  Before you answer consider the taxes you pay for having the money in the system, interest charges and all that other #$%$ the government takes from your hard earned money.

So one AP reports indicated it's the largest NASDAQ increases and after by the same agency is saying it's the largest decreases. The reports are less than 15 minutes apart. Opps.

Stocks were meant to be purchased and held so as to collect the dividends. when you think of stock as something to buy or sell on price fluctuations, you will either win big or lose big all of the time. Guess how many stocks actually pay dividends these days.....very few.! So why bother buying them if they can only payout because other people drive the price up. too risky.

Welcome to Obama land.    The land of No Hope and No Change unless your talking about some ridculous regulation that kills business or your an illegal alien breaking the law getting ready to steal from all the american people and become a wealfare citizen due to Oblaimer the traitor.

The gentleman that made the remark that he survives off his investments as his soul income, wonder which one took the hit and how that is working out for him....

PFIN: This stock probably dropped dramatically because somebody decided to sell a block at "MKT". When you do that, the brokers will #$%$ and sell it a point lower than if you sold at "LIMIT". There is no bad news anywhere so I would treat it as buying opportunity

Why did these stocks fall?Fall baby fall ! Mabye we can afford a tank of gas if it falls far enough.

Thank you, Apple.

6 weeks after Obama got in office, the DOW started climbing and climbing. We've been in another bull market for the last 4 months again. You people you think it's going down "because of Obama" are incredibly unaware.

If Ryan thought the US was in a fiscal crisis, he would not be approving tax looholes for the rich and big biz.  Nor would he vote on any resolution or bill that had any pork in it!  Walk your talk, little angry budget guy.

On election day, November 6, 2012 the DJIA closed at 13,245.   As of Friday, January 25, 2013 the DJIA closed at 13,895.  Please explain to me again how the market is going "down, down, down" because of President Obama.

Obama is my shepherd; I shall not work.He keepth jobs out of the hands of the people,Which leadeth the country to class warfare and polarization.He encourageth sloth; he leadeth the government to new heights in deficit spending.Yea, though I walk in the shadow of Economic collapse,I shall fear no depression: for Obama is with me.His handouts and monetary indiscretion supplement my income.He maintainest spending increases in the presence of insurmountable debt;He punisheth businesses with excessive regulations;And giveth the hard-earned fruits of labor to the unproductive.Surely, handouts and stimulus payments shall follow all the days of his administration;And I will stay unemployed forever.

Today's retirement plan is hope for aid and an early death.

I blame bush and cheney, two rats that need the chair.

stock market is falling because Odummercare, Employers are not hiring, and all odummer does is tax people out of small business that could rebuild us, fools if you believe in him, false leader, or food stamps, n unemployment...NOT A F' LEADER

The Obama Prayer:Dear God in heaven, for the sake of my country and the millions of children who will be placed into financial bondage, please remove President Obama from office as soon as you can. AmenNow that's change you can believe in!

Like everything else O has anything to do with as in his tanked economy, this does not surprise me at all..

Honestly, why does the Nasdaq ever close? It's all done by computer, there is no floor full of screaming traders like the NYSE. If the Nasdaq ran 24/7 it would get the jump on the NTSE every day of the year. Nasdaq traders would watch what is happening in Asia and Europe each day and simply set their traps for the opening bell on Wall Street.

Tee Hee, wait till tomorrow!

My buddy's girlfriend must work for Human Resources at the company that makes Blackberries, because he told me she gave him a Rim job last night.

MERRY CHRISTMAS OSAMA SUPPORTERS!!!!Hows that 401K doing?Can you spell working at 80?IDIOTS

MY wife and I were so happy to find that we had an Amex gift card with a $2.65 balance. We got to buy lettuce with it!!!!

About 40 years ago I started purchasing gold. Over the years I acquired roughly 300 ounces.  Once the U.S. goes over the fiscal cliff I believe gold with be the major currency.

The stock market is crashing on news that the NRA is blocking any attempt to save school children from crazed gun nuts.

Stop puzzyfootin around! Sell like ya mean it, aye? lolStocks go up and down on expectations. Stocks going lower on high volume is bad news. The reason is obvious. People in business can see the future of the fundamentals of the economy. All the political problems point to bad news next year.This is what you voted for.

Project Mayhem has begun.HeavyFedDotCom

you forgot to throw in AAPL

why did CALL drop 10% today?  and why can't I find news explaining it?

why is this posted on the EBIX page when EBIX is not even listed in the article nor is it one of the days biggest decliners?

Everyday I see Lawson Products stock go down,is like a day of sunshine take that Tom Neri and your cronies.

XRTX is a solid company, but this quarter is probably going to be a surprise to the downside.  They've already told us their revenues ($271-276 million) and their gross margin (18-18.5%), which gives them about $50 million in operating income.  Their operating expenses run about $40-45 million/quarter, so unless they've put some noticeable cost cutting in place, they'll have $5-10 million in pre-tax earnings.  It's possible they could show as little #$%$10/share in earnings.  The analysts are predicting $.44/share.  It would take some serious cost cutting or tax benefits to even get close to that number.  Again, I still think in the long run XRTX is a winner.  This report might present a buying opportunity.

I absolutely HATE worthless articles like this.  Anyone can find the list of winning and losing stocks on a daily basis.  Investors, however, need to find the "why" the stocks are up or down.  When I click on these links in hopes of finding out why the stock is up or down and just get these stupid lists, it wastes my time.  DUMB DUMB DUMB

You'll be seeing Facebook on these lists of biggest losers a lot more in the near future, especially related to the following:- Next week, when the earnings are reported, unless revenues far exceed analyst estimates- Next month, when 268 million shares come out of the 91 day lock-up- Over the course of the next 2-4 months, when 137 million shares come out of lock-up- In 4 months, when the remaining 1.2 BILLION more shares come out of the lock-up.With an average volume for Facebook of 12 million shares a day, the first lock-up volume would take 22 days to sell, the second 11 additional days to sell, and the final lock-up would take an additional 100 days to sell.  With the potential of adding 133 days worth of stock to sell (just over 4 months worth of volume), I don't see the price stabilizing (at a much lower price) until March or April of next year.

PCYC.  What happened?Hey, I made 10% on BVSN a coupe of times... That was good enough for me.  It's CLEAR that this stock is being manipulated !!!  ANY IDIOT - well, maybe NOT a GOVERNMENT IDIOT,  can see that.

Idiots giving financial advice to idiots.

SunPower is a strong corporation, they are a vertically integrated solar powerhouse.  The smart money will bet on SunPower!

its time for the american people to shrink the size of the government fire obama first

yrcw is a great short.

move over obama is at work

Most of the Naz companies are still overvalued.  Down another 60% and your close to fair market value.  That is, before they go further down the crapper.

Why does VECO  go down -  Why it was Goldman Sachs of course.  They were doing just fine. Then this guy with Goldman says to Sell it.  His target price is now 27.00.  Why don't these anylist just keep their mouth shut.  U S Warburg use to do that to Lilly .  When they opened their mouths Lilly would drop 4 to 5 dollars the next day.  I could just scream !

To hear the liberals tell it, this is a positive result.

Aloha;Just wait for NTSC to get up to $6.50, and short this baby. You will make moneyEVERY TIME. I did.It's amazing how many stupid people give thumbs down to people that speak negatively about the Dahlibama.  I can't believe how many of you believe his BS.  Spend more, tax more, punish success, reward laziness, protect himself and his kids with firearms, let our kids go to gun free schools, I'm sick of this #$%$.  I'm gonna take a trip to Thailand, Ecuador, Panama, Honduras, and pick a nice warm spot, with a couple of native girls and throw darts at B/O's poster.

Carbonite stepped in it by withdrawing from being a sponsor of the Limbaugh show. His listeners were a big chunk of Its business and now they are cancelling. Sauce for the goose.

Yea, one has to wonder just how well managed Carbonite is, if they put politics over business decisions - regardless of which side of the political spectrum they're on.  If I had them, I'd be running for the hills.

trucking issues are taking a serious DUMP on Bad News....Driver Turnover and OperatingCosts are Highest in 4 Years......industry is filled with lying thieving crooks for "executives".