Another hoax to keep "guns on campus" in the news.

Give up the anti-gun propaganda- you lost already! The Democratic controlled Senate is not even going to try and pass your gun ban bill, only the backdoor schemes which are DOA in the House. GAME OVER.

What makes things worse is the press making so much of everything,the real crazies get there 15 min of fame just what there looking for.less press,less fame.maybe they'll look for another way,say killing themselves.

Sounds like a bogus report from some libstain idiot who is all upset that the notsee (sic) democrat party's unconstitutional "assault weapon" ban died in the Senate today after Harry Reid realized it was doomed from the start. Expect lots more bogus reports and even temper-tantrums as the libstains continue to act out childishly.

Why does the media give this attention? You media you know you are asmuch responsible for giving these crazy's a platform.

Good Grief. This is a "Report Of". unfounded, unproven, unsubstantiated. But here's all the anti gun folks out hollering about another mass killing.. Talk about your Paranoid Delusionist.

You have to love three sentence "in depth news reporting" with shrill headlines.

Well, where doesn the University say the "man with a long gun" went?  Or was it a broom?

False Alarm, It was only a student with a Picture of a BB gun.

Breaking News.... The Man had his C*** in his hand and was on SSRI drugs.More at 11.It was a banana. Whomever it is, they should get suspended for a week. If a week is good enough for 5 year olds, it's good enought of a college student/teen

4 hours on lock-down.The USPS is not happy with way-laying the letter carrier.

State Senator Jim Banks (R -IN) introduced a bold bill in the Indiana General Assembly back in January that has higher education administrators and liberal professors in a tizzy. Though the bill seems to have little chance of passing, it would require public Indiana campuses to allow students to conceal carry.

Let some lunatic show his head here in Indiana trying to kill our kids. A whole lot of us will blow his head off! No chance to give us the finger a year from now!

Another Obamatron on the loose.

SOME DOPER WAS SEEN HOLDING A BONG !!!

For as much information as they're giving it could have been an undercover cop.  This is just the media stirring the pot, again.

does he have one arm? Or 2 ?

I have two arms myself!

Maybe they just got "Swatted"Why is everyone scared when we know guns don't kill?

"man with a long gun" Now that is freaking funny, this is my rifle this is my gun, this is for fighting and this is for fun!

Stupid libtard media.

Stupid libtard media.

This was a hoax put on by the campus police to test their readiness.

Armed person seen in National Forest. All deer have been evacuated.

Probably someone carrying a guitar.

It should read.... "An Armed Unstable Individual"

I can hear it now, raise taxes, take our guns, oh, the poor, and so on and so forth.

I see an armed person in my house! Oh' it's me..Was it Obama practicing for his next skeet shoot or Biden sighting-in his double barrel shotgun.

someone had a cell phone in their hand. AHHHHHHHHHHH

hype for the gun bill since there is no EVIDENCE such a person even exists.

Colleges teach the kids that taxing others into poverty and slavery to government and a life of repaying exorbitant college loans to teacher pensions  is good....... ....while  the media creates and promotes the injustice  and  worry  and fear that a kid might possibly have a gun.

When I attended Indiana University in Bloomington, In. in the early 1970's we had a rifle and pistol club that had over 200 members. A rifle and pistol range was under the bowling alley in the Student Union Building. I had a permit to carry, and about 20 guns in my dorm room. Nothing ever happened, and I had no problems with anyone except the ultra Libs.

I think I saw Elvis Presley with a gun.

Indiana University had originally reported a "man with a long gun" in a parking lot.” The I.U. press office fabricated the story of man with a rifle roaming a parking lot. Later they claimed that a woman observed either a rifle or a shotgun in the open trunk of a car. Suspicious enough for the police to check out, but not reason enough to “Lock Down” several thousand university students and staff, as if they were the criminals.

The first step in enslaving a nation is disarming it's citizens.

Fear mongering, it works on the sheep so they do what the government says.

It is rumored that Police are not investigating people that have and do not have guns .Must be another "gun free zone", otherwise it wouldn't be news.

We live in fear of the gunman.

Run Run someone thinks they might have seen a person with what looked like a pop-tart

psssst, hey kid, ya wanna make some money, do you want some drugs? or how about a years bonus collection of the Dark Knight?  PSSSST...hey kid.......take this gun, heres money, if you kill some kids in school we will do this and that......you will become a hero and we will give you a uniform saying that you a special agent for the CIA/FBI.   Hey kid......good.....and BTW......You dont know anything about our conversation here ok?

What has happened to this generation of people!. On-Line college is starting to look pretty good for my daughter!

Knee jerk idiot reaction...

Funny how gun sales go up when these shootings happen. What should be going up are the sales of gun safes! especially after the mothers own gun was used against her first! Parents lock them in one of them steel gun safes. A safe is cheaper then a gun.

“I prefer dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery.”- Thomas JeffersonTime to arm professors

"(Reporting by Susan Guyett and Mary Wisniewski; Editing by Cynthia Johnston)"It took two reporters and an editor to come up with three paragraphs that tell us absolutely nothing? Good job AP

jesus!!  #$%$?   i told vinnie to put them things in a paper sack!!!    guys just dont listen anymore less you rap your knuckles in their heads!!!It was a loaf of dinner bread that  a student an nibbled to look like a long gun. nice try anti-gun folks, its over you lost, go back after the cigarette smokers you pants wetters.

Are you wearing your white arm ban to show everyone that you're a privilaged white racist? Like some of the colleges ask you to do.

Here we go again.... Waiting for the gun haters to climb out from under their rocks and start the gun control crapola.

Send in everyone send in delta force, the cia, swat, the green berets!!!! End evvvveeerrry one!!!!

broaden concealed carry permits and we won't be so alarmed by the media hype of reports of possible gun carriers on campus

Pool cue.

Or shall I write, Not so funny! What is crazy is! That works!

If it was up to the NRA, all men, women, and children would be armed to the gills.

Yahoo you should have a story update button, I just want a Porsche Panamera White..

Turns out it was someone that bite a poptart into the shape of a gun.Does that person have legs too?

It amazes me that a report of a possible gun makes the news. Nobody knows if their really was a gun. This story is only to keep the fear alive to push restrictive gun controll. Might have been a pastry gun like the one the kid was expelled from school for. Better set up greif counseling for all the traumitized by the reported gun citing.

NRA =  the only terrorist problem in USA , and God how people are dumb

FALSE FUKN FLAG

Must have been a final going on.

It was definetly obamasatin.

"urban public research university ". Awesome name for a community college.

This is as bad as screaming danger when you see a black man, this #$%$ is out of control. The guy was probably a re-enactor or had an old antique...

Was it a rich guy or a poor guy did he pay his fair share .why are all these people so angry .

Probably just some guy blaming some other guy about how unfair everything is or hes mad because the other guy is rich and not paying his fair share .I don't where these people get all these ideasMedia=Obama admin propaganda machine. Sad but true.

He was probably rabbit hunting and doesn't even know about all this he is in Indiana not Illinois

MOTHERS... Sure more kids are going to die... so what?We are not going to give up high cap magazines and semi-automatic assault weapons.If you're so worried about your kids, why don't you buy them Kevlar Underroos.Sincerely, Wayne Lapierre and the entire NRA family

Only in America ...

...as per usual ...another...fox viewing, Limbaugh believing, ...republican domestic terrorist..

It was probably a maintenance worker with a cordless drill.

Hey Wayne: You still were the crazy ones?....lol Get real you gun-peddling POS!

Funny how the gun nuts blame others , not blame other gun nuts.

i bet the nra and neocons are hoping for another bloodbath.They love their holy grail called the 2nd amendment