California is corrupt from top to bottom: state, county and local officials and government employees. The system has been destroyed by labor unions and the crony capitalists in bed with the politicians. Combine that with uncontrolled illegal immigration from the south and It's now basically a third world country.

so a RINO is any republican that doesnt follow the party line but their checks are still good!

Villalobos and Buenrostro were jerks of epic proportion, bullying corporations on earnings and related functions as they tried to make up for CalPERS' Enron investment debacle.

CalPERS people are all (c)rooks.

Being from caliphony i find this hard to believe -not

A CalPERS retiree doing something shady? NOT hard to believe at all!

Vice mayor ? You should see what the mayor did!

two greedy self centered amigos

Now I wonder what tipped the Feds off?

But then on the other hand, the unions deserve what they get, again I am lmao.

LMAO, this stuff gets better every day. Government is crooked the unions are crooked the people that represent the unions and government are crooked, I love it.And this goes on in Congress everyday.

A Wall Street money manager who oversees one of the largest pension money in US is charged with fraud?  NO, YOU DON'T SAY.  WHAT A SHOCKER!

Latin style corruption will become pervasive nationwide ...... its in their DNA.

Does anyone else find this statement amazing?"CalPERS said the scandal prompted it to adopt a long list of reforms including limiting middlemen's fees and limiting gifts to staff and board members from firms doing business with the pension fund."Shouldn't they have been doing this all along as a normal course of business, with these large amounts of funds at risk? Don't you think an auditor somewhere along the way years ago would have said stop this practice?!

How come they didnt file federal charges against the Ilinois officials who committed fruad with the Ilinois state pension funds.  Oh, that's right, dont touch the political cronies from the democratic state of Illinois and Chicago home of our beloved president.  Ilinois, one of the most corrupt states in the country with more ex governors in prison than any other state.

Another example of why big gov does not work--power corrupts

Until the citizens of this country unite and revolt against such blatant theft in millions and billions by the CEOs of private enterprises, pension finds, and healthcare insurance companies (such as UnitedHealth), our coutry will never get out of this downward spiral.

For the record and for all those who mindlessly throw around cliches about Wall Street, these two men represent California's public employee retirement system.  Those are the highest paid public employees in the country who have embarrassingly indulgent benefits packages.  Thanks to Jerry Brown, California's public employees exert corrupt levels of influence with a sophisticated system of forced dues funding Democrat politicians (money laundering in the private sector) that is masked as lobbying.  That, of course, is never reported on Yahoo, ABC, CNN, ABC, CBS, NBC, MSNBC . . . .

Union Thugs hire UNION THUGs.   Couldn't happen to a nicer group of THUGS.   Someone may have a horse's head put in their bed.

Just another reason for honest hardworking people to depart California. Illegals, crime, government employee unions, corruption and incompentent arrogant politicians have converted the Golden State to Tijuana north. Sad but true.Corruption and dishonesty in Kalifornia Politics !  OH MY !!!!  I wonder if this cat's related to Feinstein......

Masked Commenter you have it right on the nose.  Californica's government, political controllers (read the Democratic Party), its unions, its teachers, its police, its firefighters, etc. are all a bunch of thieves and crooks.  Look, the highest property taxes, one of the highest individual and corporate tax structures, stinging sales taxes, gas taxes, etc.  In addition, it has a huge populace to spread the costs of a single state government (one governor, one legislature, one state police force, etc.) and it is the biggest sucking sound on the federal government for assistance.  I say give it back to Mexico.  At least the Cartel Chiefs are honest and straight shooters.

Pensions should be banned in favor of 401k plans.

CalPERS = DEMOCRAT state union bureaucracy. Run by affirmative-action Mexicans and Ne6ros.

This is called business in the private sector banking world !!!!

Expected to see Willie Brown named as a felon too.

BTW, CalSTRS is just as corrupt as CalPERS. I've worked as contractor in their offices near the Sac State campus and the CalSTRS employees DO NOTHING ALL DAY LONG - ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!

California civil service pensions are so far out of line, they should eliminate all pensions and  put them on social security instead. This person was a low engineer. When he retired at age 50 he bought two Harley's top of the line one the other fully customized, big bucks, a 23 foot motor boat, a fully loaded $45000 jeep, a motor home, not sure the length but very roomy, and a pickup truck. then he complained that they started making him pay for medicare which the rest of us always had to pay ourselves. I couldn't believe the wealth for a short lived career. My private employer promised me an early retirement then on the last day fired me at age 51 for NO cause and cancelled my pension. I was never able to find another job. Anyone who would trust a privatized pension plan is vulnerable to the whims of their employer. here is both the benefit and the folly of unions.

14 mil. don't worry he'll get  to spend 36 months of hard time at a federal pen playing ping pong, these judges don't fool around

LOL!!Two FRITO BANDITOS from Mexico Rolling Kalifornia Pensions aka the FREELOADER FUND!Not to worry.........just call BAMA for a Bail Out!i lived in ca. and my wife who passed last june was a member of the seiou and her npension and sick time was covered under cal pers. evryone who worked for the state knew all this years ago. does this remind you of someting else?

How high up in the California Marxicrat party was he?..........

"Villalobos"Taxi driver for Butch?

A minor inconvenience he will still get his bloated pension and benefits from Calpers  and the state and if convicted we'll have to pay for his room and board (prison) also

What, corruption from the head of a UNION Pension Fund?  NO WAY!