Every church should help the poor. It is not just confined to the Catholic church..

While I agree with you in principle, I lived in an area whereas the Catholic Church didn't help its own members, even though they needed help at the time!  But, the Mormon Church stepped in and DID help!I wasn't too thrilled with the Catholics in that area.

The new Pope seems like a good and Godly man. God be with you Pope Francis, Jesus did not come for the Kings and the wealthy, he came to help the poor, heal the sick and save the sinners.

I certainly hope this guy can clean out the corruption in the church, and from the description provded, it looks like he definitely lives the proper lifestyle for it.BTW, I'm Catholic; sue me.

The Church does so much good work for the poor, I don't think any other organization come close.  But there is such a great need, and this was a wonderful story and inspiration.  God bless the new Pope?

Wow, Pope Francis is a very good example of what the church and priest should be. God has blessed us with this humble Pope, who will show us what it is too be humble and harmless. He will remind us of the commandment Jesus gave us, "To love God with all our heart, mind and strength and to love our neighbor as ourselves!" Blessing and peace!

blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.

another liar brought to you from NAMBLA.

the Church exists to serve the people not the people serve the church!

The pope didn't need to explain his name. The media is the one that can't understand anything on its own.

"Oh how I would like a church which is poor and for the poor!". Ha. That'll be the day....@Daytrader: Shut up! None of the offenses you sighted have anything to do with the Catholic Church or fall under the authority of this or any other Pope.

only the Lord can wash something white with something red to make it clean again and good as new, so with that in mind I can say we are on are way to better days and the breeze of a new era is a cool thing

Whatever-what Jesus meant by poor in spirit was those who choose holy poverty. As M. K. Ghandi said (and by the way he studied Francis of Assisi when he did his thing) "Involuntary poverty is the ugliest thing in the world and voluntary poverty is the most beaitiful thing in the world." That is the poor in spirit. Those who embrace voluntary simplicity. Try an old dated book "No more plastic Jesus"

Church for the P O O R? He must be a Democrat!

Charity only hurts the working poor by devaluing their labor.  Charity to people unable to work is the obvious exception.

I'm for the poor too, when they're not panhandling!

If your a Conservative Republican Christain, especially a Catholic, you have a quandry.  Do you not help the poor and cut entitlements or go against the wishes of your church.  I have a friend that hates the idea of all these illegals in America, but the Catholic church knows no borders.  Now there are so many immigrant Catholics that vote Democrat he gets angry.

The Pope should seek out those who are poor in spirit.

he may be off to a good start but he has some recalcitrant cardinals to persuade to change

The Church can be "for the poor."  But that doesn't make it more "Catholic."  After all, many secular politicians and organizations are devoted to the poor and the politically oppressed.  The Church needs to be open to all, not just those in certain socioeconomic groups.Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.Napoleon

Do the others need to follow this popes direction? If he said to sell the gold, treasures, real estate, and open the vault of money to set up medical care and education for everyone would they do it? The St. Francis of Assisi prayer that AA has in their literature is beautiful.

How about a church for the educated middle class ?

Where can i get a chair like that

It will be interesting to see if this pope opens up the coffesr of the Church to help the poor and needy.  It seems the Church has only been interested in making money in the past so a change might actually see some positive results and a resurgence of the Church.

Despite wars that killed hundreds of millions, human population has quadrupled in the last hundred years.  Institutions like governments, NGOs and the Catholic Church will never have to stop wringing their hands over the plight of the poor.

Inequality is the EFFECT of poverty.  The Causation needs address.

The poor you will always have with you.  Being Socially active means Courage to face the evil which is institutionalized today in beuracracies and govemental polices.That takes STONES!

A Church for the poor, or a Church for everyone?

Lack of birth control equals more poor people."The church exists to communicate this: truth, goodness and beauty personified. We are all called not to communicate ourselves, but this essential trio." ....~ Pope Francis IMaybe some Yahoo commentors could listen and heed the words of our brother Francis. I doubt it though. Too deep into narcissism to see the world beyond their own selfish blinders.The man has a huge job in front of him. I pray every day for this man of peace and servant of the poor.

I'm not exactly sure what the Pope means when he says he wants a church that is "for the poor."  I believe it means getting back to gospel simplicity and an apostolic way of life by the clergy.  In actuality, the poor are not the Church's primary mission.  The Church's mission is to "make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you..."  Matt. 28:19-20.   So, we'll have to wait and see where he goes with this.

Liberals keep their own wealth but demand others give up theirs.

"Church for the Poor" Explains a man in a gold hat.

I like what I've read about the new Pope so far.  I hope he is just, fair, and open-minded.

Wasn't St.Francis of Assisi some sort of saint of Animals?

What a novel idea now that the church has helped create so many of them.  You owe Caesar nothing.  He was a military dictator and Brutus was a hero for killing him.  The church is an institution of social control.  They have no access to heaven and no authority over mankind.

I heard that he plans to put all  the paintings, statues, relics, gold, and silver on Ebay.  I wonder if the Baptist would give him an all for one price on everything.

After touring the golden halls of the Catholic faith in Italy, I wondered how they could live in such splendor and wealth when the populace was starving?  Then our tour guide told us that a Pope said "the poor will always be with us" when asked how this could happen.  I guess it was a misconstrued use of Mark 14.7?  That's a great outlook to have if you're on the fat side of the curtain!  More people have died in the name of God than any other reason, so by all means celebrate the Pope!

the Church should sell off some of it treasures to help the poor.I see the hand reaching out to Brazil very quickly.

Good... maybe he'll open the vaults and finally do some good, instead of paying off the victims of priest abuse!

The pope should focus on preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ and let the Holy Spirit do his job and draw man to God! Jesus came as the lamb of God and died for our sins, rose from the dead to defeat death and returned to the father to complete his mission to save mankind from the depths of "HELL". No man comes to father without me!

"It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God." (Mark 10: 25). How can one bridge the huge gulf between God and humans? Only by a borrowed light; by embracing all created beings in the love that comes from God.

Sounds good Pope!  help people less fortunate than most of us!

i have read that hes a Humble man, and now even as Pope he keeps that image! very nice and refreshing! I hope he helps the catholic religion get closer to God,

A man after God's own heart. God bless Pope Francis.

Then give up your wealth, you hypocrit. But don't fret; the mindless sheep will follow regardless.

How about a church for all.

Poor? I'm so poor I had to steal a piece of cheese from a church mouse.It's a sad state of affairs when you are talking about helping the poor when you are surrounded by all the opulence that money can buy.  I'll wait to hear from him when he is serious.

to the poor   send me a dollar and i will pray for you

A Catholic Church rededicated to helping the poor is going to be a big problem for Rick Santorum and other Catholic Republicans.

I pray that he  is given the chance to do the work he is elected to do.

Hope and Faith. I hope that my Church Leader (Pope Francis) has the best intentions for me and those around me. I have faith that my God will pull us through.

Sell everything in the vatican archives and you will be able to gold plate africa.

The first openly Communist Pope. The RC Church has been a haven for the weak minded and poor since it's beginning in 400 AD. They have been milking the poor and getting the taxes the politicians's couldn't seem to get. The poor are poor because they are poor in spirit, just like Communists. Their mutual interest in the masses of weak minded to prey on is well document and their alliance clear since the 1940s although their priorities conflicts.

Catholic child abuse settlements is a lot of money for poor parents.

I think he has the potential to be a great one.

Its a good time for the Church to follow Mathew 19:21 and sell off all it's gold and give the money to the poor.Define poor.Many conservatives think homeless people aren't poor because they have cell phones and ipods and maybe receive 900 dollars a month disability cheese.Come on now-Knights of MaltaKnights of ColumbusPopeCardinalsBishopsThey are royalty terms.Naturally they will tell slaves that God says if you do not work or cannot work you shouldn't eat.Now try to be original if you respond without the name calling, labeling, or bringing up the Obama Administration or using the word "Liberal" Its all become an automatic habit and i know you have to be smarter than what academics and societal MEMEs did to ya.

You can bet that if the church actually starts to favor the poor, the rich, who manufacture poor people, will get him out very quickly, by any means necessary.

The church is not their for the poor or the destitute, it is their for the money, and only the money.  Money equals control, control is their ultimate goal.  As seen politics has finally shown itself fully in the election of this pope, why else is he selected if not because he is from Latin America which has the largest population of catholics in the world.  We would be doing much better if all religions were disbanded and common sense rather religious rethoric was used in deciding things.

Pope Francis has declared he wants to be the head of "a poor Church, for the poor".One out of two isn't bad.

From a non-Catholic: This guy is the real deal.

Everybody should protect their balls , the new Pope is from Argentina and can scorea goal if tempted .

I'm already so poor I cant pay attention at Mass. Thanks for catching up with my crowded wave, Vatican City

Helping out poor people is fine, just so he doesn't start selling the cool stuff at the Vatican to help out vagabonds.

i'm all for charity and giving, and people working for social and economic justice...... i'm against the government trying to mandate it as that leads to nothing but bringing everyone down instead of building everyone up.... i.e.  socialism like argentina and the majority of the south american countries...

2 Thessalonians 3:8 nor did we eat anyone’s bread free of charge, but worked with labor and toil night and day, that we might not be a burden to any of you2 Thessalonians 3:11 For even when we were with you, we commanded you this: If anyone will not work, neither shall he eat.God Bless Our Good Pope Francis! Love the example he is setting so far.

Catholic bashers would criticize Christ himself if he was Pope!

How much is the Vatican property worth &gt;&gt;

When Jesus spoke about the poor, he was speaking of the poor in spirit. That can be anybody- rich, poor, famous, foolish, intelligent, - whoever needed to come to the true knowledge of God.

The Catholic church is already church of the poor. Look at the Philippines and South America, or any country where colonialists had robbed blind of gold and silver and left behind their religion.

As I recall Jesus said" It is easier for a Camel to bass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the gates of Heaven". Maybe this Pope is on to something.

The catholic church brings in several hundred billion dollars every year--an estimated 170 billion was spent in the US alone last year.  This amount of money could easily feed every single hungry person in this country.  So where did all the money go?

Want to impress people? Sell 10% of the churches holding and feed the poor for the next 100 yrs or so.

How well the timing. They chose a pope to accommodate the times.  Fitting the cog perfectly for a Global church.  This church is part of Satan.  Please read Prophecy.

Church's should pay taxes. They use Government facility's too!He will offend almighty God by trying to combine Islam and Christianity into chrislam...the pope said we all worship the same God but, we do not. The God of Israel is not the Allah.

"he denounced capitalist excesses and corruption from the pulpit." I wonder how Rick Santurum and the likes will obey this Pope.

the difference between what the catholic church professes and what they do is so large that it can only be described as TEA PARTY insane.

Fran, a classic AC/DC moniker.

Want to be the church of the poor, pople? Sell off all the riches at the vatican to help the poor. If you don't do that, pope, you are a fraud. Don't worry, you're in good catholic company.

I never realized there was such a difference between Christ and the Christians...

You don't need to be rich for the Pope to speak to you. My buddy has a photo of Pope speaking into his ear. What he said is a mystery. His son wanted to know and had an idea. He borrowed his dad's shabby clothes and looked like a bum as in the picture. Sure enough, a year later, the Pope came up to him and said, .." Didn't I tell you to clean up your act and don't come back until you do?"

How about just "food for the poor"  forget the"church"

He's starting out good at least......But why do they keep calling his the first Hispanic Pope when he's really Italian???

I'll wait for the garage sale where they sell off the vast Vatican treasure and give the money to the sick and poor around the world.He probably get more than Obama would ever could to the poor.

And when he got there the cupboard was bare. Perhaps he wants a poor church simply because that is was he was given. THe Vatican bank suffered some interesting foreign exchange losses.

He looks like Woody Allen.

If the church was really interested in helping the poor, they would allow women to control their reproductive rights.  Contraception is not abortion.

The rich that don't want their taxes raised aren't going to like a Church for the poor either!

I am not a Catholic, however I respect the Church and the Pope. That said, something just doesn't seem right about about this whole situation.

By going to Latin America, the Church at least suggests that they want to go back to the people and get way from the pomp and riches of Rome.  Europe is dying and the US has descended into narcissism, hedonism, eternal victimization and self-pity.  Latin America is the only place that Christianity really still has a chance.

He may be the false prophet. If he's not the false profit he's still the leader of a pagan evil church that dosen't do the work of God but Satan

He must NEVER acknowledge the false religion of islam or its false prophet.

He has an easy task. Start by selling off the BILLIONS in church holdings in the Vatican and around the world and redistributing it to the poor. Put your MONEY where your mouth is.He has an easy task. Start by selling off the BILLIONS in church holdings in the Vatican and around the world and redistributing it to the poor. Put your MONEY where your mouth is.

If Jesus was alive today, he would be called a "socialist" for his beliefs and preaching....  You Betcha!!!

As it should be.  For the poor and the not so poor alike.  Key words that I picked up in this writer's dialog...disadvantaged....charm...corruption...banking practices...Sounds like someone that lives in the White House that makes excuses and blames somebody else.

Look at the SPLENDOR the pope is surrounded with! Sell the gold, silver, jewels, antiques, book collection and priceless paintings by the masters and give to the poor instead of indulging yourself. Sell that summer palace! The pope lives like a KING and the Cardinals are treated like princes! It is shameful.

For the poor and against war. Right away at CPAC the "conservatives" labeled him a socialist and dangerous.

What a lot of people don't realize is that the pope in only one man; he's not GOD. Even the LORD depends upon our free assent to His/Her Will. The pope can't do it all and GOD won't do it all. Reader you may command an army but it your troops won't obey you, you're just a talking head. You'll accomplish nothing no matter how hard you try all by your lonesome. The pope needs our cooperation to get the job done.

Give your money to the catholic church so they can give it to the poor?  No...I don't think so!

The Pope should love obama. He's creating more and more poor daily

Wow and BO wants America to be a nation of poor.

Well the church could start helping the poor by selling off all of their gold tiaras, gold chalices, priceless paintings and objects or art! After that all unnecessary properties could be disposed of. The world awaits in hushed awe as the first piece of gold comes up for auction!!A thoroughly disconnected cult of perversion. Sell off your riches and give the proceeds to the poor.  Be like Jesus.

If this pope actually cared about poor people he would stop this insanity of forbidding birth control so that millions of children will not be born into poverty from which they will never escape.  It is unconscionable.

You should focus on the poor that's what Jesus did

Please share the church wealth just like my president but DONT try to keep them in poverty like him so they must depend on the church  all their lives like my the president just to get their votes !

church for the poor is an excellent idea. sell the pulpit at the basilica it is worth more than the bank of england and begin food security infrastructure projects. all else is blah blah and more blah

Best policy would be to follow Jesus`s example.

Hey  Pope Francis' how about fighting the muslem infestation that is rampet around the world?

I have been a Catholic all 64 years of my life and never has a Pope touched my heart as does Pope Francis.  I don't ever remember seeing a Pope smile and joke as he does.  He is such a refreshingchange to the Catholic church and my prayers are with him.  I hopeto someday get to Rome and hopefully meet him before my life on earth is done.

Just because you are poor doesn't mean you want to see others poor, leave the Vatican's stuff alone

if you were a church for the poor there would be no churchJesus prayed in a garden and had no churchWhy don't you give those poor people a break and let them use birth control,  so that they can raise a family they can feed?

What's the pope name for "Let's stop priests from raping children and the vatican saying its ok to do by covering it up?" Cause that would be useful.

He's been in office a couple of days and I haven't heard of him firing any pedophiles or their protectors.   What's up with that?

church for the poor......he must be talking about us stupid americans......

I guess he's not a Republican.

In the US, if the democrats want to help the poor with medicaid, the GOP calls that communism, redistribution of wealth, socialism, Marxism, never American. But oil subsidies for their billionaire friends are not handouts.

I'll believe that when the Catholic church spends the hundreds of millions of $$$ in its coffers to start helping those 'poor'

Dressed in handwoven silk drag, surrounded by gold, silver and precious stones he preaches poverty.  What a #$%$ hypocrite

He will probably be knocked off by the so called, Princes of the Church!How dare he live a modest life!

I am blessed by Pope Francis--- I missed being hit by a car yesterday by about 2 inches and I am blessed by the prayers that I have made to St. Francis .Thank You and Gracias Padre y EL DIOS.The new pope urges 'church for the poor'. First order of business selling all the Vatican gold and other wealth and spending the proceeds feed the hungry, clothe the naked and heal the sick.... right?

He's in favor of helping the poor and reducing the opulent life style of the church.  I guess he wouldn't make a very good Republican, would he?

The Virgin Mary was no longer a Virgin later in life...She gave birth to many children fathered by Joseph.James was Jesus' half brother.Prayers to the Virgin Mary are not scriptural.She is not the mother of God...She is mother of Gods son Jesus.

we believe in one god the holy catholic church.viva papa

The Catholic church wants people to be poor thats how they control them with myths and superstition and take everything from them in tithes with their belief of salvation, from what? Nobody on this planet has the power to ex communicate anyone,yet Catholics are so imbuedwith this nonsense they allow preists to have their way with them ( In every way ).Not sure who is sickest the Priests or the congregation. Maybe there are no differences,thats all they know.

how many little francis' will there be now???

Wow. This Pope knows how to communicate well. Applause.

if he keeps talking that poor people chit, someone will put out a hit on his #$%$. they ain't never going to go poor....never!

Helping the poor is not the main purpose of the church.  The infection of liberalism in the Roman Catholic church has caused it to stray far away from it's origins.  Since Vatican II, Roman Catholicism has become today's "sick man of Europe."

He should sell everything, and give it to the poor, live in Goodwill clothes, live in a trailer house, grow his own food, use paper plates, plastic silverware, no travel, only have a small church, etc.Hope he doesn't forget the child abuse and priest condemnation .

I heard the retired pope is writing a new book called "My Search for God and How it Lead Me to Atheism". LOL!

This will go over real well with the GOP, NOT!

So stupid, these catholics.  If your idiot man god is URGING "church for the poor" then what the frack has your church been all this time?  How stupid and easily manipulated can you fools be?

We have got a revolutionary Pope in the Catholic Church... just in few days he has made the difference very clare....

church helps the poor ? sounds like socialism.

and a special church for MOLESTERS

The Pope helped spread the word in Africa.The word was AIDS.

Satan is now in control of the vatican

If you are not apart of the solution then you are the cause of the destruction.How about a church that accepts everyone for who they are, regardless and cleans up their own mess as opposed to ignoring it.  Catholic or Baptist, Jewish or Lutheran, I think maybe that should be a goal for any organized religion.

We must do everything we can for the poor... as I sit here with a silver crucifix on my chest

Redundant report - reported now about 4 times !

Google ITCCS.  Look for  'arrest warrant'.

The Pope's viewpoint is clear and fair, but how long does it gonna take for the Muslim extremists to reach out with that???

First order of business is to define "Poor".   Those are poor what do they get?I kind of Like President's Carter's approach for what he did with South Korea.  Quit sending them aid but support to build their own economy. Teach him to fish, etc, etc....

Window dressing and play acting.  Time will tell if anything changes, but since nothing has changed in the last 2,000 years I think it highly unlikely.   When the church sheds all the pomp and circumstance, and sells off it's priceless treasures to send that money where it's really needed, ...and when pedophile priests are truely brought to justice...then perhaps I'll be convinced that change is on the way.  Words are cheap.

How about a church that doesn't allow child rape?  Maybe start there.

There is no true christian church whose main focus is not on taking care of the poor, the sick and the old.  That is the christian mission.  There is no other.

What kind of religion forces u to change ur own God given name..what's wrong with his real name?...and all I hear about is good works which the Bible says will not get u to Heaven alone..where is his worry for lost souls to Satan...how about a revival to bring people to Christ...guess as a Christian ill never understand the Catholics!Just another crusty old white man telling people how they should act.  Nothing to see here.

Who are they kidding?! The church is all about money, power, and corruption, and has just about nothing to do with helping people. They also are all about hate when it comes to women and gays.

"For the poor."Is this Conservative or Liberal?You tell me.

I will believe this when I see all the artwork the Vatican owns sold and the proceeds given to the poor. And, lets see them sell off the Vatican too. If you are going to talk the talk, you had better be willing to walk the walk, and I mean no cars or jets either.

'church for the poor' so i can get more worshipand eat more steak and crabworship me poor people

I actually think he should have taken one of the rejected names from Letterman's top 10...my personal favorite was Francis Ford Poppolla...

Vow of poverty is not in scripture it was born in the dungeons.

Capital excesses and corruption. The new Pope does know what is wrong with Congress.

Many Catholic families are poor because the Church forbids birth control.  Limit the number of kids in a litter and the poor will have a better chanch at a better life.  Otherwise, let the Church take care of the extra critter running around.

Translation= The church's finely tuned methods of relieving believers of their money will make them poor.Millions of Catholics are kept poor because the pope and priests dictate that they can't use birth control or they will be damned. This CULT is a PROFIT CENTER. The more kids born to Catholic parents and baptized as infants into the church, the more members they have to donate to the church coffers during their lifetime. Do they still sell indulgences? YES!

Church for the poor. lmao. He drinks from a gold cup.

next Pope will be Barakus Obamus I

So many churches have focused on the poor and just as Jesus said, the poor are always with us. Maybe they should have focused on God and his kingdom.

I am sick of hearing about the pope.  He is nothing more than a man who belongs to a church that has contributed to sexual abuse of children.

catholics need to get there hearts and minds on god and off the pope  ....eternity is a long time without god and the pope cannot forgive you ...you will die in your sins and go to hell

A poor church of the poor, by the poor, and for the poor, isnt what gay young seminarians sign up for. They like the fancy robes, the fancy architecture, the fancy music, and fancy latin script, and all that attention applauded on themselves. Dressing up and playing priest is a popular gay fantasy. Gay Priests live a life of luxurious homosexual fantasy. Who knows what they imagine Jesus doing to them in bed. Of course they dont have to fantasize about that whenever they get their hands on one of Christs little ones.The one and only rational justification for mandatory priest celibacy is a poor priest of a poor church cant afford either wife or children without using birth control.Papa Frankie  knows what he is talking about. He's the real deal.

it's so nice that a guy running a corporation with a higher GDP than most countries tells his constituents they need to worry about the poor. not hypocritical at all...

Although I am not a Catholic, my suggestion for what the pope should do is give all the zillions the church has (and has spent a good portion of that on pedophile cases) to the poor instead of hoarding it in his ivory tower where he sits and pretends there are no poor people.  That's all he has to do...just release all the wealth to show how charitable he is and maybe he'd gain the respect he would most certainly deserve.  Also, get with the times.  Most Catholics do practice birth control and some get abortions (I've known a few) and some believe in gay marriage.  I used to be married to a Catholic...not a holy roller but when it came to having children, I shut him up by simply stating that I'll have all the children the pope wants if he'll fork over the money to raise them properly.  It's so easy to ORDER people to have children when you sit in a ivory tower on top of your piles of money.

How much did that throne cost Frankie?The richest S O B  on the planet cares about the poor?  Gees, THAT would be a miracle.... and miracles don't happen.  He can start by providing free condoms, and move on to providing free mosquito nets to children, so that a couple million will not have to die from malaria.

Get your minds out of the gutters that keeping on bringing up their own evil thoughts..pedophiles this.. pedophiles that, many of these posters on here need chuch or therapy

Saint Francis was as vegetarian.  The birds used to perch on his shoulders.  No element of violence can be perceived from this saint.  The Pope taking such name should also preach non-violence to the whole world by adapting the diet of a vegetarian. Then health, peace, happiness, and prosperity will come to all. Hare Krishna!

Okay Poke go back home and start it up,but I know you are not to give all the power and money up you will be like everyone else the devil has you in his control now.

So, Pope Francis only has one lung.He may not be able to give a very powerful public address, but at least the choir boys can outrun him.

Pope Francis did little, if anyting, to persuade Chavez to help the poor.  What is overlooked is that Venezuela has oil--a much sought-after commodity.  If the country is rich and is a socialist country, why then, are the people poor.  Venezuela might be lacking in a lot of things, but wealth in oil is not one of them.  Also, given the ourpouring of the citizens of Venezuela, mourning the death of Chavez, they really didn't mind being poor--if they are indeed poor.  What people--the world--fail to realize is that the pope is not autonomous.  If he gets out of line, he will be held to account.  Popes have been known to be murdered!

I would rather give them church than than tax dollars.

I beg your pardon holy father ! 1.2 billion catholics at $ one hundred eighty-six billion, three hunded  and twenty one million, one hunded and twelve thousand dollars dropping  in your collection baskets every sunday. Just what are you #$%$ with that money every week to help the poor ? Just curious !

Joke of the Day ________Help the Poor ____Ya ! with your $$ not the church,s

The Poop cares as much about the poor as Mitt Romney.How much did Obama pay the church to put him into that position - he and Barack both thave the same message - help the poor.  In the older days before everyone had their hands out for hand-outs, they worked their hands to the bones and the churches helped them out.  Now the government believes that the ones that work hard should give, give, give to those that don't want to work and have their hands out to the government - our hard earned workers monies to support them.  I say, let the rich thugs that run drugs and weapons donate money to the poor - think that would work?  Instead of arresting drug kings, tell them we will look the other way if they donate millions to charity - think that would work?????

Time to start selling off all of the gold and the real estate the Vatican owns, and all of the stolen artifacts taken from indigenous peoples of the northern hemisphere.  Instead of those vatican thugs who pretend to be holier than thou wearing Prado designer shoes, they should start wearing sandals like Jesus did.  Use the proceeds to feed the poor.

Why not fix poverty ...Instead of exploiting it?Peter The RomanThat's why.

God Bless our new Pope. I hope and pray that he will be able to clean up the mess that our church has.

This is a God chosen pope to bring the church to the real theme and purpose to why Jesus Christ came and suffered for the world. Thank you lord for the gift of the new pope you have chosen for your church.

What is wrong with the regular church for the poor, to good for them. We are all god's children after all. We should not push the poor out because their poor.they should be helped by all no matter what religon you are

And what if he said, ' the church is for the rich' ? He'd have a couple thousand followers and a whole lot less young boys to molest !

St Francis of Assisi is the patron saint of animals.  The Catholic Church has never taken any stand against animal cruelty.  Now would be the perfect time to advocate for those who need it the most, but somehow I suspect that aspect of the life of St. Francis will be overlooked.

What a ploy....what a ploy to try to appeal to the common man. The poor will be fleecedthe most....except when the cameras are rolling. This imposter is a Jesuit priest.  There isno love in the heart of a Jesuit as he displayed already down in Argentina. Google, "jesusneverexisted" and pass on to all to see why woman were tortured and burnedalive.

Do not donate to the Catholic Church - they will use your money to buy gold for their own benefit and child molestation payouts. It's better to give to your local food bank, soup kitchen.thanks holly father for being a good example to interprete the holly gospel intopractice.

Church for the poor.  Rome for the rich.  Money for nothing.  Little boys for free....

May Gods' love and Blessing be on this man. I truly hope he will be able to do all that is needed to be done. Sadly, with all that is needed to be done, it will take more than one man. I hear he is a good uniter so there is Hope.

I like this guy!!! It's refreshing to see a Pontiff that is so humble and simple... The fact that he has dedicated himself to the poor is what the founding principles of the Catholic Church are all about..... I just hope the Church bereaucrats don't get to him, and he becomes like every other Pontiff in the past 10 years, and become consumed with power

Melt the gold and give it away.

the Catholic Church is anything but poor, try and practice what you're preaching

How much better if he had chosen the name Pius XIII in deference to the two greatest popes of the past century, Pope St. Pius X and Pope Pius XII. There is some hope in what Pope Francis has said so far, but much foreboding as well. It appears he is determined to follow the false and disasterous "ecumenism" of John Paul I, and one has to wonder if the voice of liturgical traditionalism will once again be silenced. Virtually all the ills of the Church today stem from Vatican II and the horrific destruction of the Mass. With the Mass stripped of all its beauty and doctrinal purity it ceased to be the perfect sacrifice of worship, and when we turned our backs on God (figuritively and literally in the Mass), God turned His back on us. The Mass of Vatican II not a sacrifice of worship of God, it is a mundane, aesthetically bankrupt act that deifies and worships man. Holy Father Francis, give us back our birthright, give us back the Mass that was stolen from us. In that way you will best follow the example of your patron Francis of Assisi in rebuilding Christ's Church.

There is a great spiritual deception coming and if you don't know what the Bible teaches you will be decieved. The church and state will be coming together. Choose Jesus only.

People need to eat, the Pope is right.Cats don't catch mice to please God.   – from Select World Proverbs

There is so big gap between Jesus( of Nazareth) and the church that alleges affiliation with him.I bet if he comes back in the same form, that he will be impaled, once more by same church, that is flaoting with hugh riches, while the "flock" is in dirt. and mud. The Pop is the new form of an emperor.yes i  too love st. francis of assisi,  i have his prayer on my wall . I am so glade when i first heard pop Francis that is who came to my heart. and i was over come with joy

Attention Vatican Shoppers, today's blue light special is in the Basilica. A fine over the top marble Alter by Bernini. Get yours while the supply is still in stock.

He's the best at playing make believe.

If this is true we will all be going to church soon.

"Church for the poor?" ---This is being proposed by a dude wearing white silk and major bling-a-ding-ding!

he prays for the poor while he sits on a golden throne.

Pope francis likes molesting poor  r-tarded children !!!

The pope is a pedophile  like the rest of his unholy demonic preists !!!

THE CATHOLIC SOULESS FREAK IS NOT GOD !!!

The popes new message is we must molest the poor !!!Pedophile preists will be molesting more poor children than rich ones !!!!

How about selling off all that gold bling and helping the poor with the proceeds?  Don't just talk the talk.  Walk the walk.

maybe all that money being spent to keep him in a palace  could go to help the poor.

If he was really a "man of God" he would stress the importance of birth-control to the cavemen sector of Catholics who still think it's evil.

I'm wondering if he knows that conservative Catholics in the U.s. that vote Republican blame the poor, making scapegoats out of them, and support eliminating the safety net. Maybe they need to listen to their Pope more on this topic. Political candidates in the U.S. dare not even use the word "poor." And yet evangelicals support the message that blames the "people beneath us" for all our economic ills.

Pope, yoiu need to watch yourself, I hear that the Vatican said " Ain't nobody got time for that! "

I guess he could start by selling a couple of paintings on eBay.

The Vatican has enough amassed wealth to end starvation on the planet. Will he sell his golden septur?

Easy to urge the poor to give more. Making proclamations sitting on a throne. Surround by decadence and wealth from the poor. With self-righteous and self-appointed power.Here on earth Jesus rode a donkey and personally fed the poor.

The Pope knows all too well about 'urges'.I'd rather be rich in faith and salvation than all the wealth in this world amen.

Wednesday, authorities added a charge of indecent behavior with a juvenile and filed one count each of aggravated incest and pornography involving a juvenile against Thomas. The pastor of St. Luke Baptist Church in Ringgold remained in the Bossier City Jail in lieu of $50,000 bond.Thomas allegedly matches the description of a man who exposed himself to children in Mike Woods Park in south Bossier City on numerous occasions, according to a lengthy investigation by the Police Department's juvenile unit. Those reports were made as early as last year, Natale said.

2001: James Truxton was an elder of the First Evangelical Free Church in Fullerton CA. In 1992, some women came forward to accuse Truxton of molesting them when they were children. The church removed Truxton as an elder and revoked his membership. Unfortunately, the accusations came more than 6 years after the abuse events and thus could not be prosecuted under the state's statute of limitations. However, in the summer of 2001, a woman came forward to accuse Truxton of having molested her from 1978, when she was 7 years-of-age to 1981. The statute of limitations no longer applied to new cases, and the case was reopened.

2008: Tony Alamo: On SEP-20, FBI agents raided Tony Alamo Christian Ministries headquarters as part of a child pornography investigation. This investigation involved allegations of physical abuse, sexual abuse and allegations of polygamy and underage marriage. According to Terry Purvis, mayor of Fouke, Arkansas, his office has received complaints from former ministry members about allegations of child abuse, sexual abuse and polygamy since the ministry established itself in the area. Purvis had turned over information about the allegations to the FBI. In late 2009-JUL, Alamo (who had a previous conviction for tax evasion in the 1990s) was convicted on ten counts of transporting minors across state lines for sexual purposes, sexual assault and other crimes. In 2009-NOV, he was sentenced to the maximum punishment of 175 years in prison.

2008: Wayne Bent (aka: Michael Travesser) was the founder of Lord Our Righteousness Church, sometimes called Strong City. He was convicted of one count of criminal sexual contact of a minor and two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor in 2008. He was sentenced to 18 years with eight years suspended.

2008: Joe Barron: Joe Barron, one of the 40 ministers at Prestonwood Baptist Church, one of the largest churches in the United States with 26,000 members, was arrested on 2008-MAY-15 for solicitation of a minor after driving from the Dallas area to Bryan, Texas, in order to allegedly engage in sexual relations with what he thought to be a 13 year-old girl he had met online. The "girl" turned out to be an undercover law enforcement official.

Francis of Assisi did not go about the countryside preaching a message of joy and peace.  He preached the GOSPEL OF JESUS CHRIST.  He preached that one must repent of ones' sins and follow the commandments.  But he was cheerful, and humble, and full of graciousness, which endeared him to his listeners.  He wasn't a hippie!

For bless are those who are poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of grace and glory joy and peace.For the meek shall inherit thy earth for our lord is the creator of the all life and were from the very ''breathe'' of god were his children of '' light ''our father supplies all our needs.Therefore we enjoy this earth and it's blessings but above all ''praise'' our spiritaul inheritance for we are heirs to the kingdom of christ' and citizenship in that kingdom is available ''now'' on this earth amen.

Remnant Catholics : Storm Approaching!

There was a St Franicis of Asissi and a St Francis Xavier. Xavier was a Jesuit like Francis."...And all the world wondered after the Beast"  Revelation 13:3.  DON'T BE FOOLED!

He would like a church that is poor? How could a poor church help the poor?

LOOKS LIKE SOME OF US SOLD OUT TO SATAN ,?

So Catholics, now that Jorge has gone inside. Who will do your swimming pool?

Was he the Cardinal who blamed the altar boys for seducing the Priests?

Then the catholic church should sell all their riches (art work, property, etc) and give it to the poor. Do not store up their riches (bank accounts) on earth.  But they will not...just ask their followers to give more to them and they will be the middle men!

Which pope wasn't a 'church for the poor'.... ????????  that would be like suggesting some some popes didn't like using the bible to preach..

Won't need the Vatican bank anymore. I guess more people out of work.

Let's not fool ourselves into believing the Church for the poor is for any other reason then so the rich folks don't have to sit with the poor folks on Sundays.

personally I cannot reconcile.. .why was the blessing not done in the usual traditional Catholic formula or gesture? be it ordinary day or  the Year of Faith,  when we lay are demanded to do so.. . much more from the highest hierarchy?

Two days after being named pope, there is an international warrant issued for his arrest for crimes against humanity and human trafficking.  I guess we know why they made him pope, to keep him out of prison.

I am happy that the new Pope took the name of Francis of Assisi and that he wants to focus on helping the poor.  However, when I was in Catholic school (several years ago), I learned that St. Francis was the patron saint of animals, and I'm disappointed that no mention was made of that.

The pope says America should deport all illegals.

Poor ? Someone forgot to tell francis about the secret train station ! That sells to 164 nations tax free !

If our Popes, Cardinals, Bishops, Arch Bishops, Priests vestments bother everyone - then I would assume so too, do the uniforms of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, Coast Guards, Sailors, etc. as they cost millions to have them made.  I'm sure there are more of them than there are the Hierachy of the Catholic Church.  Whilst we're at it, how about changing school uniforms?   Oh, those stripes that get handed out, are they also laced in gold too like the vestments of the Church?  I know that the medals are made out of bronze and gold, right?  What about Presidents, Queens, Kings, clothes also a source of botheration to you?  Crowns made from jewellery stolen from the people (which they refuse to return), shouldn't all of that be returned or sold and the proceeds used to house the poor and needy?  I then suggest, they should all rethink the way they dress, change every single uniform in the world and only wear normal clothes (that they spend millions on), and give the proceeds to the poor to feed and house them as none of them give anything towards the poor, right?

The only way the catholic church gives money to the poor,....is if the poor sues and wins!

YOu members of the catholic church need to jump from this burning ship! You have leaders of the church hiding and helping pedophiles Matt 18:6 But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea. How can you stay and remain in such an evil organization? The leaders have known and continue to know about the problem and still do nothing about it? Hello?

No more pimp shoes?

Last efforts,the ITCC investigation is in less then 7 nights rest from today.Investagate both alive and dead Priests.The gardener had not yet dug out the radish, when the beggar holds the empty bowl in front of him.   – from Select World Proverbs

this is not meant as anti catholic...but the "church" should be a hospital for the sinner...not a museum for the "saints"...i am humble enuff not to put words in the Father not Sons mouth, but i doubt they would approve of the vatican shenanigans.

i was just wondering what is the new POPES stance on people who choose to be homosexual and gay civil unions.

The Poop says this while he wears a dress made from child labor and sips expensive wine from a 24 karat gold chalice served by his butler.

Poor? Economist magazine said, the vatican spent 17,000,000,000,000 dollars in 2010,   poor ? Pope francis insults the american peoples inteligence !

hey people when they talk of poverty it is not money value, the re is  spiritual poverty which is what made Francis of ASSISI  GREAT SAINT. most people are so focus on money that nothing in the real world make sense hearing poor they jump in to money talk,  if you want to make your poverty one for money make it but the poverty talking about here by pope  you have to have faith to understand it, st. Francis took up spiritual poverty not monetary poverty .

Don't be suprised to see this Pope dead in less than three Years-  The Church does not want to give up on all the riches it has and will never allow this Pope his way. They will remain the Most Unholy of Religions on the Face of the Earth, Pretending that they hate Gays while promoting Gays to join their Little groups of - Touch Me, Feel me, its' ok cause God said so. Hypocrits All of them.

If he holds true to his word, then this pope has the respect of this atheist.

Let us all pray for the haters....VIVA CRISTO REY!!

Read: "I've chosen to call myself Francis, after Francis of Assisi, so the failing Catholic Church can gain its wealth from the least educated in society . . . but don't expect me to be dressing in rags, actually helping the poor, or working for the entire community."Protestants are always seething mad when they talk about the Catholic church. (can I hear you say "alleluia!") We Catholic not only love God but also have special devotion to the Mother of God, Mary. You worship Money, as most prostestants love preaching the Gospel of prosperity.

"Oh how I would like a church which is poor and for the poor!" Keep trying to hide the crimes of the church and it will be.

No where in the bible does it say that we should build enormis places to worship or make the preacher wealther than the rest of us if you think you can buy youre way to heven save your money because the church will spend it think ther is no fedex to heaven. Like the one said I give 10% to the lord why should I give you 18%. Where does she go with the 10%?

Gee, ya know..maybe if the Pope would embrace God's gay children and love them as they SHOULD BE LOVED, people wouldn't be leaving the Church so fast.  He's reaching out to the divorced (DIVORCE IS SIN), he's reaching out to unwed mothers to have their kids baptized (CHILDREN OUT OF WEDLOCK IS A SIN!), but he just can't seem to love the gay people of the church..what a pity...I thought things would change with the guy..so Now we The Church Militant, The Church Suffering The Church Triumphant and a new title...The Church HYPOCRITICAL!!!!!!!!!!!! SHAME ON YOU, POPE!!!

Do you actually think that I'm going to read this article?

Dear God please make the pope go away.Amen.

How about 'Church of the un-educated &amp; dim witted"  Science has already proven away more gods than this guy can count.

The Pope holding the microphone as if he was giving a choir boy a BJ.

Poor ? Economist magazine said the vatican spent in 2010 171, 000,000,000,000 dollars , they insult the america inteligence !poor?

If they sold their fancy stuff and ridiculous ornamentations and opened the vaults of the church there would be 80% less poor , will they ? Don't get your hopes up.He may want the Catholic Church to be poor but that's never going to happen.  This church takes from the poor via tithing.  Everyone has to give.

He prays for the poor while he sits on a golden throne.

There's something about Pope Francis that feels a bit more real than past Pope's(excluding Pope John) he seems to be humble and maybe he does want to help the poor,the catholic church has a long way to go in fixing the image it has acquired, no its not a cult,just has faults like every other religion..hopefully the bad seeds(priests) will pay for their crimes and the church will be more selective in who they choose to preside in church communities

Good thes steal from the poor/middle class  to give more to the rich Paul "Lyin" Ryan and the rest of right wing famtics will have to fight the Catholic church as they try and balance budget on backs of the poor and middle class

Its a shame that the church attempts to say it does for the poor but yet it expects the poorest of the poor to support its megalopolis riches in all of the possesions of the church in Rome and it always wants MORE

Conservative greedy Catholics like O'Rielly, Hannity, Cavuto don't believe in helping the poor.   They believe tax cuts will trickle down to the poor with job creation.   Maybe job creation in China or India, huh.

Do not make the mistake of judging the Bible by the Catholic Church.     There are those that believe the title of the pope: vicarius fili Dei is 666 in latin

I love our new Pope!

NEWARK, N.J. A convicted sex offender who was named pastor of a city church several weeks ago has been removed from the post. Shiloh Baptist Church leaders had hired the Rev. Chavalis T. Williams in mid-March, even though they knew he had pleaded guilty in Florida to charges of child abuse and using children in a sexual performance. (Newsday, May 7, 2003)

All the sacred places of worship should dedicate their services to the poor people first, and afterwards to the rich and elite, because God dwells among the poor first.His first order of business needs to be to excommunicate all of the convicted pedophile priests. Serving the poor is a basic tenant of every religion in the world.

and if you notice the big throne he sets in, has an upsidedown cross,oh yea! just pay attention you will see it sometime .what up wit dat?

Stop preying on the poor you unholy sleazebags.

I watched a movie called "Angela's Ashes." The movie was based on Frank McCourt's life in Ireland. The family was impoverished and the Catholic Church gave those like the McCourt's their food scraps. They were not doers of mercy or compassion, but greedy and lustful beasts.

What about the salvation of our sinful 21st centtury drunken and gluttonous souls? We are all poor in the eyes of the Lord, and on the brink of destruction. The materially poor will always be with us. You don't hear from the pulpit these days how to find God, do penance, amend your life, and save it from the stench of hell. Let's start with that one.

'i am the mouth piece for an imaginary god, listen to me'

if you (the liberals) want less poor people, how about practicing SELF CONTROL rather than killing off babies with birth control. yes it is killing, facts are facts. as soon as the egg and sperm unite, there is a soul and a human there.

I look forward to a day when these Peddy-Files in a dress are laughed out of existence and people learn how to read and realize when they have been duped by the cult of Jesus .

Vicarius Fili Dei is the title of the Pope:    Check this out in Latin it equals 666.

The Pope has nothing to do with America you will find that in the end America was not bulit on the Pope who roams the earth, the devil, so how do you roam the earth by catholic belief, and systems of government of catholic belief, child social services who took millions upon millions of American lives of sholders who fought for the American Flag and what it stands for from the start of this great nation, , thats what catholic belief gets youHere we go again, same comments over and over again just on a different day!!!! It is amazing how we catholics have to defend our faith day after day after day!!!! We all know about the abuse and are as sick about it  as all of you!!!! But there is more to our faith and I will not let this "bad priests"  or all this haters ruin or shatter my beliefes. I am a proud catholic and always will be. God bless our new Hl. Father!!!!!!!!

This Pope Defiles the Name and Life of Francis of Asissi. So SAD!

I think the Pope should excommunicate all homosexuals and all supporters of homosexuals. It is a sin and a jihad against the church.  Any man or woman who engages in pre-marital sex should be counseled and entered into a chastity program.  If they sin again they too should be excommunicated.  I also think that any pedofile priests and those who hide them should be put in prison, and excommunicated and made public so they can be humiliated, prosecuted and stoned.

To get their money for what ever these perverts want.

GOOGLEResignation of "Hussein Obama II" and "Benedict XVI" are both scripted due to an endless array of suicide bombs.

start giving the poor the billions that the church has

It is not just the pedophilia; it is the lengths they go to hide the pedophilia like in the case of the Los Angelos Cardinal. Also, after hiding a crime maybe they should have to pay taxes (lose their tax except status).

...well he could always chuck in that big gold ring as a show of helping the poor for starters.

I admire the humility of this pope and that he recognizes the dangers of widespread poverty. The concentration of wealth in the hands of just a few can lead to much misery and is dangerous to democracy. That said, I think the Catholic Church's teachings on "natural family planning" is a direct cause of much poverty around the world. Being a devout Catholic keeps people from being educated, and lack of education leads to more poverty and possibly stronger adherence to the Church's teachings, causing the cycle to repeat.

The catholic church should start by shipping millions of condoms to Africa and stopping the spread of AIDSJesuits are a militant order that was highly disrespected by OUR FOUNDING FATHERS. Most european countries banned them from the beginning. As did one of the popes. Read your history. ( and the holy rollers say, hey, our god killed millions! we dont hold it against him. who are we to judge? that was long ago...)

Bergoglio, now the new Pope Francis I, has been identified publicly as an allyof Argentine’s repressive leaders during the “dirty war” when some 30,000 peoplewere “disappeared” or killed, many stripped naked, chained together, flown outover the River Plate or the Atlantic Ocean and pushed sausage-like out of planesto drown.The “disappeared” included women who were pregnant at the time of their arrest.In some bizarre nod to Catholic theology, they were kept alive only long enoughto give birth before they were murdered and their babies were farmed out tomilitary families, including to people directly involved in the murder of thebabies’ mothers.

This new pope is a "Jesuit",,,,not the same as a "Roman Catholic". Has he professed to do anything about all the pedophile priest????Nope,,,its not going to happen. This pope is the pope that will take down the Catholic church as we once knew it. Just read "revelations",,,its all there.

I love children but I also love it when people are happy and not destitute. If the Pope could influence the poor to stop reproducing so much, there would be less and less and then less poor people to worry about. The cycle needs to end somewhere. I am afraid that this Pope may be a bit old fashion and will not push any kind of birth CONTROL...ie perscription or abstinance.Lets face it, Humans will not abstain from sex though. I hope I hope there will be a good future for the poor people.

When I look at the cardinals assembled in Rome, I see the largest group of thieves, perverts and pedophiles ever assembled. Perhaps Bin Laden had a valid point.

Pope Sandusky.

CATHOLIC FAITH NOW GOING DOWN ! Cardinals saying it is OK to be PEDOPHILES&lt; NOT A CRIME ! POPES LIE on ST Peter's THRONE ! Going DOWN MAN ! THANK GOD ALMIGHTY !

The new Pope has been implicated by countless witnesses in the interrogation ANDTORTURE of Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics. Read erbitsky’s book, TheSilence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio.He was convicted, and he’s in jail, in acommon jail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasn’tpunished him, in canonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but bythe church standards, he’s always a priest. And this tells something aboutBergoglio and the Argentine church also. Christian von Wernich, who was a formerchaplain of the police department in Argentina and also later was convicted ofbeing involved. He was convicted, and he’s in jail, in a common jail, but theArgentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasn’t punished him, incanonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but by the churchstandards, he’s always a priest. And this tells something about Bergoglio andthe Argentine church also.

yes they help the poor right to there death bed, most of them childern of the most high

I wish one of the abused boy bite Francis the Pedophile's D!@K off!!Ya, the poor kids are a lot easier to molest because of their ignorance, fear of reprisal, and language barriers!!

Oh no they don't, these thieving buzzards have been cheating the poor for 1600years and NOW tey want to shift gears &amp; pretend to care for the them??? Not achinaman;s chance in a San francisco hanging!!!

Francis says "a Church for the poor," just don't come in to any of my Palaces, the poor Church is In the basement. Please don't touch any of my Paintings.

Well then turn in some of that gold and feed the world, betcha it don't happen......

good luck with that, pope francis.....the american nuns have been doing just that....forever..... and had gotten nothing but #$%$ about it from benedict the nazi and all the fat, pampered, power hungry, cardinals...

This has to be so funny considering the wealth of the Catholic Church.... stay poor and give us all your money, have tons of kids and give us all your money.

The poor are so due to must of them are poor in their minds.Feeling sorry for themselves all the time but won't do much to get educated to find good employments.Stop bringing more human beings to this world is the # 1 priority for everybody now days  but especially for them all.

Hey if Francis is not using the Archbishops Palace back in Argentina, ya think he might rent it?

YES!!! Finally, now the poor can have communion and they can get their money stolen by the church too!  Oh wait, that already happens...

How about, instead a church for the 'poor', a church for the raped and sodomized?the pope is the leader of the man boy love association and now he gets to touch as many boys as he pleases