I guess people better start adding a disclaimer to their posts when they vent in any public forum."This is just me venting, no actual person will be harmed or is actually intended harm in this posting..."

heck, when do threats on yahoo and Huffpost get included with Facebook?

Facebook is a social disease.

If he had said that about Obama or Michelle the Secret Service would have been kicking in his door before he had a chance to refill his ice tea. So why wouldn't it be a crime to say the same about someone else?

How about all the verbal threats to blacks, Asians, Gays, male or female, Jews, Muslims or illegal immigrants by hate organizations or people who belong to those organizations?

I got written up at work for saying on facebook it's not fair that i can't afford a turkey dinner for Easter and my co-worker just bought a mazaratti.  My page doesn't say where i work, I didn't say her name, etc.   What I didn't say was I've had a spotless record for much longer than that bleached blond #$%$ has been on her knees.  And I hope they see THIS post too!

Gays will now use this to JAIL anyone who does not approve of homosexuality. Remember if you're against homosexuality, they've already labeled you a hater and a bigot.

A Black rapper, Richard Hinds, was recently sentenced for STRANGLING to death (actual real life murder) of a White girl from Ireland, Nicola Furlong. His sentence? 5 to 10 years. This Black man committed an actual real murder of a White girl and got 5 to 10 years. And here in this story, a White man has been sentenced to 10 YEARS for words he posted on his facebook! Think about that.

Remember, big brother is always watching.

TEN YEARS for THAT? Come on, what is going on. This is just crazy. If you actually *kill* a straight White male you get maybe 5-10 years, and all he did was post on his own wall a disjointed verbal expression of his rage. This is insane!Time to shoot some Liberal judges!

Then why when someone threatens a person and you go to the police -they say they can't do anything unless the crime was actually committed-I'm confused-You can't write about it but you can talk about it

In the state of florida you are guilty for speaking in a way that other people don't like.That seems a violation of freedom of speech to me.

facebook is for attention #$%$ and drama queens. And they all belong in jail anyway.

Moral to the story....stop being a keyboard hero. Stop putting all your business on a social media site.

And what ignited this situation-Homosexuality! because despite all the utopian asspects ofco-existing with gay rights,the O'Leary boy,though unwise with his threats-but understandible,,because he was reacting to the thought,of a family member,obviously one,who is a Lesbian,carrying-on with another woman. and while such threats are common-so is the disgust,behindthe foundations of Gays,and their lifestyles,,because i smell ACLU here,,and since any Hatecrime against Gays,are within their neighborhood,it would be no surprise here,that thecomplaintants used them,for legal deffense! but the reality over Gays and their choices,willalways be seriously problematic! the O'Leary person,was likely very incensed about his Familymember having a relationship like this. but now,the law is being used against people who don'tlike Homosexuals,,and should the boy receive a lenghty Jail sentence because of his Facebookrants,will this example encourage any further Gay Tolerence?-not likely! the boy will HateGays,with an even greater rage,,so once again,another victory for the principal of Gay rights,andthe evil behind it!

@STEVEN G... It really Sucks that you have to play the race card. Lifes not fair yeah...we know that but please grow up! Yes that many yrs is crazy 2 me 2. But I'm also very sure every race had a story of unfairness but seriously let it go.

Our society is one of the most violent. Be careful when posting electronic communications and avoid if angry. it would suck to go to jail over merely angry words !

This guys an idiot. If you are going to hurt somebody, you sure don't tell anybody.

Where are the watch dogs who protect our right freedom of speech right to bear arm what is going on be for you know it this u.s.a will be r-----aJohn B i do have to agree with you and its sad. Ive had to call out a good friend of mines BF for labeling "chirstians" and such. Of course I set him straight in a nice way. They dont understand we arent all extremists

Will this promote someone to do it instead of threatening to do it?

i bet alot of these comments would be different if he posted this then committed the crime.

So what! Facebook is for phaggs!!!!

Waste of $.  Never hold up in court unless you do the deed...

Who takes anything from Faceplant seriously?

This will only apply to non-muslims. They attack everyone with threats and hatred yet Facebook admins ban everyone else who actually disagrees with them or voices an opinion.