AHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! GOOD BEANS...............................

That plane looks more like a pencil.

I would be there in a heart beat if they did not pay so darn low.  Everyjob I have looked at is half of what I would make in the US.

whats with the $3b I thought we were on sterling! Or have this bunch sold us out even more?

The US dollar is the global currency for most things, and has been for decades.  This is also a Reuters report.

More public money being poured into private enterprise!

UK!    "we arm the world "! Dont matter if your  a   despot   or a  dictator! some the worlds  worse    are our   customers!  "    you got  probs keeping the populace  down ?   A UK  made  gun can solve that !    yo

but we have no money people going to food banks people cant afford there heating ect just goes to show what a bunch of lying fookers they or

Translation - we're giving more money to defense contractors. War is good business.

The article mentions the government and industrial partners (plural). It then states each partner 'is providing half of the funding'. Now, I am no mathematician, but that means that there will only be one private company getting involved. If the 'partners' are giving half the funding each, that implies there will be two partners (two halves make a whole). One is the government. That would indicate that there will be just one private company taking up the other half of the funding. Which, is my extremely boring way of saying that the idea doesn't seem very popular with the aerospace industry.

More tax money to help the rich shareholders.Looks like weapons of war are big business!

Just chuck more of our money into #$%$ These cretins were voted in (just).

What a load of rubbish!! This is simply propaganda. $3 billion will not secure 115,000 jobs!!EADS spent over $40 BILLION developing the A380 and A350 aircraft!!!! $3 billion - its a joke!!

Government partners with industry................that is called FASCISM !!!!!!!!!!!!! Only gets worse from here

I just do not understand by some of the negative comments. If the Govenment is actively promoting and discussiing job creations and weighing up all the options, and involve partnerships, they are roundly cricised by some. If the Government does not show any initiatives, they should rightly be criticised.Most of the commentators, themselves have no clues to revitalise our economy, they are just stay home brigades. I have not seen any constructive proposals, in face of the Chinese and American dominations of world markets. Cynicisms without solutions are just as bad. Just bashing the conservative/Liberal led Govermenent has been a pre occupation by un paid vulunteers of Labour Party members. Let this coalition complete 5 years before one should criticise.I have not heard any murmers from these supporters about the disastrous tax and spend policies by labour Government's 13 years of misrule, causing near bankruptsy. If they want to know about socialism, just go and live in Cuba for a few months! Most people there are living below the subsistence level.

I wonder how much of taxpayers billions are going to the Israeli owned companies developing and building and testing drones here in England and Wales.We all know where they will be used,.Gaza comes to mind .Hope we can see the audit where and who has this[new money].

Bring back coal fired power stations ,....get the un-employed back down the mines!!!!!!!!!!!!

Each partner is providing half the funding for the venture, which the government expects to secure up to 115,000 jobs in the aerospace sector and its supply chain.Excellent news!

Here in America industryand government are one and the same thing.

Yeah Typical TORIES! De Nationalize something PRIVATIZE IT then TOTALLY MUCK IT UP!I am going to grow some pot, think the government would like some of the action? Oh they already do?