It's the oil stupid. It's the control of it. And make sure it's traded in dollar.

Christopher Hitchens supported the Iraq war also for "humanitarian reasons."

I once saw a photo of Friedman dressed up in a cheerleaders outfit, complete with pom-poms. Across the front of his sweater in large embroidered block letters was ISRAEL.

Friedman has an overall track record of being wrong about four times out of five. As the writer notes he is given to fits of enthusiasm which completely overwhelm whatever objectivity and rationality he might otherwise have (which may not be too much).

Sure Iraq looked like a great opportunity to Friedman. Was he going to get killed or maimed? Was it any kind of risk to him at all? Would he pay any price for being wrong? The answer is no to all those. He still has a cushy job where people take him seriously despite his being catastrophically mistaken. Nice work if you can get it.

What a dishonest fool that Friedman is.

Friedman, is an unadulterated Moron! Anyone that pays him a penny for writing anything, is an idiot!

The Iraq war was fought to benefit ISRAEL at America's expense in blood and money. This is even admitted in an Israeli newspaper called Haaretz. Google "Haaretz White Man's Burden" for the article.Briefly, the war was a scheme by a small group of neocon Jevvs working behind the scenes in Bush's administration. Some worked on spouting propaganda in the mainstream media. Others, like Douglas Feith and his "Office of Special Plans" in the Pentagon, worked on manipulating intelligence to build a phony case for the war. It worked perfectly, and Americans proved once again that they are slaves to Jevvish interests.

I can't find one example in history where nation building has worked, if the vast majority were not for it as in after WW2....

"At this time of looking back, let's try to remember the track records and quality of argument presented by people whose views and advice are sought before the wars of our future."Can we do that on EVERYTHING?Christopher Hitchens supported the Iraq war also for "humanitarian reasons."

Friedman is evil. He writes about war as if it is a sporting event.  He hadno problem with killing innocents in the scheme of of some nebulous large goal,that he will never suffer for as he stays far away from any personal peril.He can write but  It is nothing but eloquent stupidity. There are nouns, verbsand elegant sentence structure, but what he advocates is invading countriesand killing people for the sake of a little society building experiment thathe can examine from a great and safe  distance.    How he can beso wrong all the time and still look at himself in the mirror is beyond me.

That guy is so annoying to listen to,especially when he calls you by name over and over and over.Besides he's just a mouth piece for the Zionist

Friedman would be more respected if he would come out &amp; admit the Iraq war was a disaster for everyone concerned, for the people of Iraq, for the soldiers who died there &amp; the staggering costs to the economy. There are 34,000 seriously injured US soldiers, if it costs $1,000 per week to care for them that is $1,768,000,000 per year alone, never mind the estimated $2 trillion wasted.

I believe Iraq would be more at peace with Saddam in power.  Great for the world but, do we want a dictator with two sadistic sons running a country full of good people that can have opportunities to change that part of the world?  Maybe, because now without a powerful central government, they're just going to tear each other apart.  They should just split the land and say Shia has this part and Sunni has here.  I know that kind of thing doesn't work.  Hence Palistine and Israel.  But, and I mean all respect to the Muslims, the country of Iraq was not ready for self-government.  Bush Senior (US President) probably had a good say in the matter after the attempt at his life in Kuwait.  I personally viewed a wall at a base in Kuwait where the Kuwaitii officers were lined up and shot to death by the Iraqiis.  There's not an easy answer to this conflict.  Truthfully, I (as a late 30 yr old), never was taught the truth of the US Civil War, Vietnam and the whole Central American conflict.  All of which were such a cost for no real gain.Sorry to ramble but, I believe that in order for progress to be made and to honor the sacrafices made by mainly American troops, someone needs to propose a plan to move Sunnis and Shias apart, give the chance to name their own countries and keep peace.But, of course there's going to be conflict between the two.  Maybe at a minimum, the conflict could be contained at the boarder.How many American families were torn apart by the war in OIF?  You could probably multiply the deaths by 3 and then you'll get about over 11,000, but that number doesn't even sound right.Is no one following what we are doing to OUR (US) armed forces and their families and their communities?  No where USA doesn't understand the sacrarifices of the military community.  Sure, most can understand that a soldier can come back with PTSD and the like.  But most do not understand that many good, solid, whole-hearted Americans served in a time of major battle and trauma.  OIF and OEF were no Desert Storm.  No offense to our heros of Desert Storm.  But, these service members who served multiple tours (God Bless them) usually came home to an empty home, major differences and the like.  The last thing I wanted to be welcomed by at home in my country that I was fighting for was, everything changed as well as no one informed of the tragedies suffered abroad.  It hurts.  Please hug a home-comming soldier.

Yay-hoo loves jjeewwz newsies.....notice 4 0f 8 "bullets" every day.But harley rosen and chom friedwvitzare primo.El rozo is the scourge of late night pbs  ( propaganda by semites ).And good ole friedvitz.Makes one remember who runs thephoney elections and black house here in amerivitz.When will someone rid us of this aipac jjeewwz media?We had hoped true president ron paul would have begun with the jjeeww fed regime.

I like Friedman. I have always liked Friedman. But he is so wrong on this. He is an intellectual and there are few of them left. But you cannot look at Iraq from the intellectual side. From the moral side, it was and continues to be a waste.

Poorly written and highly stilted.

"I don't ever remember a time in my five years in Iraq where the US was generally seen as a trusted "midwife" by a majority, or even a large minority, of people"  Then you're an idiot.  I was there too, but, unlike you, I understand what Friedman is saying.  It doesn't matter if they like us, bud.  It matters that they RESPECT us.  And the only way they respect anyone is when that anyone starts stacking their corpses up as cordwood.  we lost in Iraq because we didn't kill enough of those people quickly enough.  If we had responded to 9/11 with massed thermonuclear strikes, Osama's name today would be mud, and Islamism a footnote in history, same as in the aftermath of Omdurman.  but, hey, Americans don't learn history, so you know nothing about the British War on Terror or Omdurman, do you?

This is a worthwhile article as it describes the long term bad consequences.But, somehow  the writers do not have the stamina to refer to the NEO-CONS, (look this term up on Google to better understand and know   who they are and what they stand for).  America wake up!!!   As USA citizens there is no other allegiance than to the best interest of the USA. Iraq  was a big MISTAKE.No more unnecessary wars, unless attacked.Why ever does Yahoo resurrect s@@t like this..

Funny just how GUNG HO! those are who don't have to go.Bet if these "Chicken Hawks" found themselves drafted and having to "walk point" in Irag, they just might have had their "world" view changed.Thousands upon thousands of innocents dead, thousands of US troops dead, thousands upon thousands wounded and disabled, as well as hundreds of "contractors", and trillions spent, I'm sure it was...worth it?

JJEEWWZZ RUN MEDIA , HOLLYVITZ, "ENTERTAINMENT"(COUGH, SPUTTER)....EVERYTHING IN AMERIVITZ.OH, YEAH.THEY BROUGHT IN 30,OOO,OOO MEXICAN MIGRANTS....WHILE WHITEY SLEPT.

Thomas Friedman is the man and is a REALIST!

Another JEW LOVER who thinks he is so intellectual. There a few others like him e.g. George Will and Rush Limbaugh  who were justifying for war with Iraq. They all make me sick when you see how many died and injured and a country in ruins by a war without a cause.

I noticed the corporate media stopped talking about 911 due to the overwhelming evidence the posters provide in these forums proving the official story was a lie.

This article misses the point!  Attacking Iraq helped Israel, and there is no greater privilege for an American in arms than to die for the Jewish State.  God bless!

US government should be ashamed at what has happened in the last 10-15 years.......needless wars...crashing economy....false flag operations(9/11).. question for ya'll....would you consider an attack on the white house an act of terror or an act of justice?