It is their body and their life,if they desire to starve to death,so be it.This whole hunger strike is a ploy to get attention.Again if they desire to starve to death,allow them to do so.

And the problem is?

Awww. poor terrorists. Next story.

And anyone should care?  Go for it guys, save us some cash by slowly committing suicide and good riddance.

Sounds like somebody just needs a good old fashioned pork BBQ roast to cheer them up.

let em starve to death,

So----Why the panic------!!!!

Only 21,we need to get that head count up but you never hear of them dieing!!!

Why force feed them? Seems they are as anxious as Obama to close the place. let them starve themselves, works for me.

LOL - The terrorist have underestimated the attention span of Americans. Guantanamo what????hell put a bucket of KFC in front of them................and the hunger strike is....................null &amp; void !!!!! KFC.........Keep Feeding the Caged ..........!!!!!!!!!!! Col. Sanders would have been proud................

As a vet, I say this. This country is a great country because of our Constitution, which lays down in the Bill of Rights, all of the various personal rights and protections given to its citizens and those under US authority. The First Amendment guarantees the freedom of expression, which allows us to protest against those things that we find offensive without fear of persecution by the government. If these people wish to protest by not eating I say let them starve. Offer them food every meal but don't force them to eat. It ensures their right to protest and we should encourage the rest of them to follow suit.

Give them 3 strips of bacon each day, and let them decide on their own what they want to do with their food.

who cares? let them do without.

When the money saved on food is equal to or greater than the expense of a pine box and a 6 foot hole, call it even and bury the vermin, dead or alive.

So?

Remember these guys are suicide bombers, committing suicide is a way of life and death and part of their religion. We must let them exercise their religious rights to fast and/or commit suicide.

Offer them food and if they don't eat it, too bad for them.

No big loss to humanity so don't force feed them!!!!!

What a great development!  We can save a few bucks on the food budget and let those individuals get to their 72 virgins more quickly.  Encourage them to keep up the hunger strike.Too bad; but I don't think i'm going to lose my sleep.

i hope they all starve themselves or we could shove a pork chop down their throats.

wouldn't it be great if prisoners everywhere followed there lead

good

Let em die.Just think of the money it will save in guarding these savages.In fact, kill all Muslims now!They have taken a blood oath to kill all Americans including our children and grand children.They cannon be reasone with and the we cannot live in peace with them.The only solution to Muslim hatred to to exterminate them all.

cool....we didnt want to feed them anyhoo....

No food! No water! No nothing for them! Throw their carcases in the ocean when they kick off!

They should have already been put on trial.  If our government does not have the evidence, then we have to let them go.  We should not be force feeding them.  What happens if one comes down with cancer?  Are we to treat him to keep him alive.  The prisoners are right...they are in a grave..

Good Keep starving ! Die soon !

Hunger strike sounds like a good idea to me. Less American taxpayers have to pay to keep these pieces of #$%$. In fact withhold food from all of them and cut the expense of us paying for lawyers to represent the terrorists.  It would even be cheaper than putting a bullet in their heads. All in favor a big thumbs up. For you muslim lovers it's okay for a thumbs down. We know you are brainwashed an lacking mental capacity..I don't want to pay for their food anyways.

Let 'em starve. Problem solved. Then we can give the liberals their wish and close the place.

Two choices. Eat bacon or starve to death.

uhh, I'm kinda ok with just lettin' em die....

Who cares? Let them die.

Should not be problem ---it lowers the cost here naturally---

Let them starve if that is what they want to do. Who are we to stop them from starving themselves to death.

Good news. With the money saved from not feeding our enemies, the white house tours can be resumed.

gee...wish I cared.

So what?Is there no way we can talk some more into the program?

This is no problem, it's a solution. Let's encourage the whole Muslim world to follow in these noble martyr's footsteps.

good let them starve

let them die

Waterboard them with gravy

Every muslim douche in America needs to be shipped there - and fed pork pies

Let them all die!Nasty Sand Monkeys:O)

Good

Look at all the money were saving by them not eating. This certainly works for me. I hope they all go on strike.

If they can go long enough , They will not be a threat to America anymore ,so what more dead terrorists to deal with.

I hope the strike grows to 100% and never ends until the ends.

Which is cheaper, the food they would normally eat each day, the solution they are giving them to keep them from dehydrating, or them eating nothing?  My vote is the last one, but I could be wrong.

Hunger strike......voluntary means to send a message.  Eat or die detainees.  It is simple logic.

feed there portion to the banana rats... they are much nicer then any old terrorist! like big guinea pigs with tails...

Feed them to the banana rats!

good save the taxpayers dollars....let them starve to death.

was that due to the sequestration?

21 less #$%$... Keep starving

Oh well....do they still the 72 virgins?A bacon butty will fix that!

Cool!!! Keep it up!! YEAH!!!!!!!

camel dung stew will end this

Let them all starve, I don't care about their rights, just like they don't care about mine.

I have great sympathy for the American military personnel working at that prison.  Forced feedings while the prisoners throw urine and feces at you does not sound like a good time.

I guess they still get their 30 virgins, I just hope they don't look like Nancy Pelosi.

I say give them some pork chops and Bar-B-Que, they get hungry soon enough.

Let 'em eat their KO-Rans with some pork gravy.

I'm having an extra helping of Obama Ramen tonight to celebrate.  Maybe Michelle can go down and have a photo op to celebrate.

Saves the taxpayers a little bit of money....&amp; every little bit helpsMaybe they are Miami Heat Fans and their hunger strike of 21 days is in honor of the Heats 21 game winning streak, I hope we beat the Celtics what do you say hunger strikers.

By all means feed those poor souls...1 raw pork chop per day,and as much pork blood tainted water as they can drink..

This is just terrible. The poor babies won't eat their din din. Perhaps 15 minutes of Mike Tyson chewing their faces off will cheer them up.

and what's the problem, let em starve themselves, don't give a rip

Does anybody know who Bobby Sands is?  I didn't think so.  Make 'em eat pork sausage with their left hand!

good let them sobs mooseslime starve to death maybe then I will get a break on my f-in taxes I am sick and tired of feeding criminals dam them all to the fires along side the prophet mohamad.

well at least we are saving money on the food bill there.

great with the government broke they can save on the food bill.now shut off the AC and TV

Let's hope it spreads to include all of them.

There are consequences for waging war on women and children.  Can't they take the consequences?See you shouldnt have been caught having bad thoughts in America our government punishes those who have thoughts they dont agree with regardless of our constitution or what the people think.

Are we supposed to feel some kind of sympathy for these terrorists?  Time to make 21 more cells avaliable.  If you refuse to eat, fine.  We'll put food in your cell, if you won't eat it, then that's your problem.

Hell be with them!!!

Maybe it's time to make them dissapear?

Give 'em bacon!!

Let them die!!!!

Too bad they dont go on a thirst strike. Couple days later we could feed em to the sharks.

wrapem in a pig skin and bakem.

so if the idiots want to starve,let them.we shouldn't be mean and make them eat our food causing us to have to keep paying millions to keep their private getaway open,insuring that they each receive 1 icecream each.....hurry up and get those feeding tubes in

Great solution,now we won't have to put them on trial.LMAO

Abandon the base and leave them with Castro.

how much longer are we going to have to accept this kabokie show cut them lose and if the return to the fight kill them on the battle field

America's gulag.  Ten years in prison with no formal charges.

You can't really lock people away forever without having a reason.  I am ashamed my country is doing this gulag stuff.  We are supposed to be better than that America.

How would you like to be put in a prison in a foreign land by invaders of your country on trumped up charges with no trial. Maybe a neighbor wanted your wife or daughter or your land.

The government is saving money not feeding these dogs. I hope they all go on a hunger strike.

From reading the comments below, one is assured that there are no Christians left in the Republicant Party.

There was a time when Americans would not have allowed their government to lock ANYONE up without trial and throw away the key. Sadly, we have turned into a nation of self-serving little cowards who have lost their principles.

LET THE SOB'S DIE.i hate these f

Muslims helping a fellow muslim by cutting back spending from the sequester

Really they're on hunger strike....holly #$%$ that makes is easy, no murder charges on any one; let them die of hunger..... JMHO

They Don't like those Kock Meat Sandwiches?

There goes the world champion of human rights.

Obama has tried to close Gitmo for 4 years but congress has refused to allow him to do so.  Perhaps this will move Congress?

A DEAD MUSLIM IS A GOOD MUSLIM

Good news!!!! I hope they keep it up until they are all dead and gone!!!!!!!!

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!

i would like the uighur muslims released from their island hell. if their home country is not an option, then we are obligated to bring them to america.Let the fookers die if they cant put their hands up and admit their wrongdoings

You a.s.s.holes are pathetic --  maybe you should die too?

oh its so nice to see the american gutter intelligence is still at its unequaled level,just take a look at some of the comments below to realize why the world rates american intelligence as #$%$ young and old.and this coming from the most obese race on the planet,who,s heads are stuck in their fridges for at least an hour a day........

I guess they should start to strap Americans and force feed them outside the US for the atrocities the US have commit outside it's borders that most American are oblivious to.

stupid arab