Unqualified, inexperienced Department heads had no idea how to manage their responsibilities within any budget. . . all they know is hire more people for better benefits to get the job done, which is now done poorly.. . . Many government functions can be accomplished at a fraction of the current cost, if the unions butted out.

Congress aside, our government is quite inept at dealing with reality  O'Bama has yet to submit a budget yet yesterday he found the time to tweet about apples..

Neither party can run this government.  What a joke.

Democrats want their greedy tax increase (which will kill more jobs), so they try to scare people into letting them have it by cutting the most essential services.

FACT!:The Budget Control Act of 2011 (Pub.L. 112–25, S. 365, 125 Stat. 240, enacted August 2, 2011) Of which the Sequestration is part of.      House Vote -  The House passed the Budget Control Act on August 1, 2011 by a vote of 269–161. 174 Republicans and 95 Democrats voted for it, while 66 Republicans and 95 Democrats voted against it. The House actually FORCED the measure on the President in order to force him to sign a budget reduction measure. And NOW they are complaining, saying it is his fault. Politicians just love to blame the other guy! But it's BOTH party's fault! They BOTH passed the Bill!

Capitalism dont work as the middle class are all but gone and by dec 2013 the fed resvere will be all but gone !!!! this is the biggest ponsi schem ever and now that the world has went against the dollar it will be the worst time in american history as the middle class will be  no more because of the debt that the reps and dems have created !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 99 years of this #$%$ and now the world has figured it out that the american dollar is noting anymore !!!! america will see its world turned upside down by dec 2013 and its not from obama its because of all the greed from all the politicans, so no need to just blame 1 person , its the whole system as most countries have already moved yo there own ways and make my word you will see it on a much larger scale by dec 2013 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Obama got what he asked for a year and a half ago and now you liberals want to blame everybody but the democRATS! Obama is the one that doesn't want to make smart cuts! Obama and the democRATS thought they could bully the republicans and get their way again by campaigning and blaming the republicans to scare people that the world would end if the cuts went through! BTW the republicans obviously had the guts to follow through Marty so I guess the democRATS better come up with a viable budget! No J the Man they want a balanced budget!

Only an idiot would think this is Obamas fault.... Republicans put a gun to his head and said they wouldn't raise the debt ceiling unless he signed the sequester..... That's hardly Obama's fault....

Mitch McConnel signed the sequester plan and was a key player in the budget control act. They wanted the Cuts now they don't have the stones to follow through.

Typical GOP #$%$! They want spending cuts and tax cuts. Do they think this country can run without money?