best buy sucks!

In other news, JP Morgan sold 99% of its stake in Best Buy after the upgrade.

How many analysists does JPMorgan have? I'd guess a lot.

if u people only knew the real story  behind jp morgan

JPMorgan might believe in Best Buy, I've given up on them a while ago, forever!!!

I worked there for 8 years of my life..time I will never be able to replace.  I went to at least 6 trainings on what to "say" to people, shake their hands etc and found that absolute sincerity was the only solid sales tool anyone needed.  I was chastised for not following their rote lists of sales techniques and "training" my employees on their new method.  It was an ok job during economic good times but I am glad I left. Without the two main men in charge and dishing out ideas, I anticipate store closings.  You can't run stores with 16 year old children and no passion at the helm.

I have a Best Buy Horror story... Their car install department is horrible!  I will never let them touch my car again!!!

Maybe they will use some of that training so their salespeople will help the customers if they need it, I purchased a computer there and asked a question the salesperson answered it then took off before I could ask another one, good thing I know a little bit about what I want in a computer

Wonder how much the JPM is taking in kick back for recommendations these days

My problem with BestBuy -- for years -- is an increasing lack of variety and availability.  I'll go there, for instance, to buy an Epson all-in-one printer, but they don't have any, any more.  I have to go somewhere else.Or, I go to buy a fairly high-end notebook.  What they have on display isn't in stock, and they can't find one at other area stores with a computer search.  Printer ink for a previous Epson I bought there?  Sorry, out of stock for one of the colors I need.  They'll sell me three out of four, but go somewhere else if you want the other one.Well, I'll go "somewhere else" and buy all four, which seem to be in plentiful supply.I went to BestBuy to buy a new home entertainment center.  They only had one brand in one model.  I went to Fry's Electronics.I've given BestBuy my "preferred supplier" rating over the years  just because I'm a stockholder.  But I've found I'm increasing wasting my time to try to shop there.Sure, if the price is right, I think there is still an advantage to go to BestBuy to see what they have, make a selection and buy it, and have the easy opportunity to take it back for a refund or a replacement if I either don't like it, or it doesn't work.But they really need to get their act together to make it worthwhile for me to drop by in the first place.I hope JPMorgan and upgrade their customer service.