Reminds  me of when I was hunting marmots with my AR sniper version. A girl came jogging down the trail saw my gun on my shoulder and panicked, begged me not to shoot her. I was stunned at first. Got my senses back and said " Sorry I can't shoot you, it is not jogger season yet". To leave no doubt if you guessed Boulder county Co. you would be right.

A man carrying a gun isn't illegal. The police has a DUTY to inform persons that open carry is legal, NOT waste tax $ on moronic police calls.

Someone finds a toy gun somewhere, people will panic. Blame Grandma Feinstein.

I guess I should keep my Violin case at home in the future, I wouldn't want to scare the MEDIA anymore than I have too....

It was probably some old dude with a crutch.. Talk about freaking out...."Aaahhhh! He's got a gun! I better wet myself for my protection!!!"

There's an armed gunman in my living room. Me.

Police: All dressed up like mercenaries but no one to shoot at.

It now develops that the gun was in a weapon case in the trunk of someone's car, and never left the case or the trunk.A woman who is obviously afraid of guns called the police. The police finally got a coherent story out of her.Liberal mantra: "See a gun? Become hysterical!"

Wow, Having a long gun in your trunk makes you a "gunman" and warrants all this lockdown/searching? Isnt this still America? Maybe not...

Didn't the media get the memo that there will be no gun ban ???The sky is falling!!! The sky is falling!!!!!

It was probably a pipe fitter bringing in some new pipes.

It is becoming obvious that our children's schools are for some reason magnets for kooks.  We need to start arming our children or somebody in them so we apprehend or carry these kooks out before they shoot our children instead of after.  This weapons free #$%$ isn't working, we've been doing it the liberal idea way now and the kooks that aren't obeying the laws are the one's that keep showing up with  weapons.  We need to start suing these administrators / lawmakers that are insisting on these policies that are getting our children made into targets.

See what happens when you whip the Liberals into a frenzy?

There was no gunman.Just a bunch of paranoid people.It is legal in Indiana to open carry anyway.so what.

So the vision that the NRA has for the country--we can have mass hysteria everyday with every tom #$%$ and harry carrying around schools and theartres.

Just call the NRA and ask for his membership number

"Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis" wow what a name.