" increase federal penalties for illegal gun trafficking " -- does that mean eric holder will finally be held accountable and criminally prosecuted for supplying assault weapons to mexican drug gangsters?

One thing is for sure, if that had been an Ordinary Citizen giving weapons to Criminals, which in turn were used to comit Murder and other Crimes, they would have been Arrested, Jailed, Tried, Convicted and then Sued in Civil Court for Damages-And that is EXACTLY what needs to happen to Holder.

I'm still waiting for her answer to Cruz's question....and BTW Feinstein, your "background" doesn't trump common sense...

Be aware there is something cooking here

The second amenment was written to protect citizens from rogue politicians just like Feinstein.

assault-type weapon was used in the Newtown school shootings in December.You realize they are talking about semi-auto pistols......a rifle was not used at Newtown.....one was found but never used to take a life.  All the shooting was done with pistol....  So says CNN and NBC .....but what the heck....when your attacking the Constitution any old lie anytime is the rule.

Don't mess with the Second !  You will get your fingers burned !

Guess she and a few more know their days are numbered! The constitution is the law! No matter what they pass, it will never keep guns from the gangs, and criminals!

'Dingy Harry' Reid must be up for re-election in a couple of years and needs to get out of 'line of fire' on this one otherwise he'll be in some conservative opponent's cross-hairs for his Senate seat.Disclaimer: The term “cross-hairs” used in the above paragraph was in no way implied that removal from office would be by any means other then ballots (not to be construed with bullets). It also is not meant to imply that any sort of weapon which emits projectiles such as but not limited to: Any and all handguns of all calibers including but not limited to revolvers, semi-automatics, single shot derringers, over-under 2 shot derringers, Rifles of all calibers including but not limited to single shot, over-under rifle/shotgun combinations, bolt action, lever action, semi-automatic, fully automatic, shotguns to include but not limited to 10 gage, 12 gage. 16 gage. 20 gage, 4-10 gage, explosive devices including but not limited to dynamite, C-40 plastic explosives, Nitro-glycerin, Chemical or improvised explosive devices, land mines, claymores, arrow slinging devices to include but not limited to long bow, cross bow, compound bow, air powered projectile devices to include but not limited to Crossman CO2 powered and pump, Daisy air rifles to include but not limited to the ‘Red Rider’ model, sling shots including but not limited to wrist rocket, home made rubber bands, blow guns of any design.I think that about covers it

One AR-15 used and they want to ban them all? One plane crashes and they keep building more, no to mention four by hijacked terrorists? The logic of those paid by our taxes to not do a job they are paid to do.

feinstein needs to take a hike. a long walk off a short pier.Wake up, you idiots in DC, and cut the spending problem!

My AR15 won't work without a magazine.  I have only 30 round mags and it would take years for the manufacturers to catch up to a resonable amount if the magazine ban takes affect.  Let you senators know that you don't want a magazine ban.

Vegas is taking bets on who will burn hotter in hell, Feinstein or Obama.. My money is on Feinstein.

Now we need to get rid of the universal checks (registration) and the magazine bans.

Because banning a rifle based on looks and not function is completely  idiotic  and shows lack of intelligence , but its the liberal way

Will someone say DEFINITIVELY, THAT AN ASSAULT WEAPON WAS USED AT SANDY HOOK, First report said no, second said yes, does anybody REALLY know ?

How do people like feinstein and reid EVER get elected to Congress? Does Calif. really have that few Intelligent people?

I can't wait to hear how the White House is going to blame this on the obstructionist House Republicans.

Harry Reid well knew there was no chance, but all the rest may fall too. Senator Cruz effectively shot her out of the water when he kept trying to get her to answer his question. thatwoman is nothing but a California extremist. She and Pelosi and a few other goofy women Senators and congresswomen need to go.

Enforce the laws we have. Prosecute Gabby’s husband for his “Straw Man Purchase of a Firearm” or keep your mouths shut and stop wasting our time!This is smoke and mirrors, Chuck the --- Shumers bill is worst. This is the bill they will push!!!

Ban Fiendstein, she is an assault weapon (her mouth).

Finally, some of the demoncratic pinheads realized this assault on the Constitution is wrong and illegal. Perhaps, someday, the entire country will realize that the Constitution is the law of the land and should not be abused like the liberals want!!

No balls - re-elections coming up.

stupid 6th grader

NEVER EVER BELIEVE THESE PEOPLE

She looks like the worm off Pink Floyds The Wall.

Sen. Whinestine looks like an idiot AGAIN..

maybe frankenstein should be more focused on CRIMINAL CONTROL!

Background checks only check out the law abiding people.  I know a young man that the system has twice said to wait two weeks for a denial and the denial never came because he isn't prohibited from purchasing.  We think that someone else may have used is name and SS# when they got arrested but nobody ever said anything to him if it did happen.  A few years back he lost his wallet.Don`t we have an opening in a nursing home for this old hag.

Don't be too sure this is over.  We Conservatives know that the liberal Dems NEVER give up that easily.  This will rear it's ugly head again....................Feinstein, that is.

It's time to ban Diane Feinstein and send her to Mexico to ban guns there....

She "tried her best..." Sure, sure, her a~s. She is so full of s~it I am constantly amazed it doesn't fall out of her mouth every time she opens it. What she did was go all out KNOWING it would fail. This is all about little foot pegs for pos, two-faced, hypocritical liars like her. Wonder if her hubby still has his little side "pastime" "hobby" of buying and SELLING firearms, but don't expect anything other than intellectual dishonesty from the likes of MFMer journ-o-listers like All Propaganda and Co. of ever reporting on that little factoid. I really would like to be able to credit Reid for doing what was right FOR THE RIGHT REASONS, but let's face it, Reid is anything BUT honorable or conscientious with his mobster back ground. If Cowboy Poet Reid didn't understand to the depths of his corrupt soul exactly who it was who buttered his bread, well, he wouldn't even be there in the first place.

Politicians are doing the right thing....partially, by saying NO to Feinstein's bullshlt weapons ban that won't help stop a single crime. Next move should be to impeach Feinstein and all who would follow her.

Don't count on this being dead yet. It's hidden somewhere.  Pelosi will be saying you HAVE to pass it to see whats in it next..

Awww, whatever happened to the Frankenfinestyne assault on the Second Amendment. Run out of steam? No, you can't run if you got no legs to stand on.  Let's see some honesty and ethics from the traitors in congress (and the white house) - focus on mental health research and allowing a universal CCW (not checkerboard quilt that can trip up American citizens with fine print legalese) and (I know this is a toughie) actually prosecuting CRIMINALS... like ILLEGALS.

yay freedom....

Say NO to any gun-control legislation put forward by any politician. Vote out of office any politician who proposes any gun-control legislation.

Now Diane, payback the millions of taxpayer dollars you have wasted since starting this "nanny-campaign" of yours.  Keep your liberal ideals in California where all of the 'freaks of nature" live.Senator Feinstein... in the past, when a politician suffered such a humiliating defeat, they would do the right thing and end their life.  Hint... hint.

Shall not be infringed :)

Hey Prince Harry...why don't you bring a budget to the Senate???!!!

"If we can't use an ax to chop down the Constitution we'll just use a hatchet to whittle it away a little at a time. But we will continue our fight to gain absolute control over the people."

Now she can go after the real cause, SSRI drugs. Every mass-shooting since Columbine was conducted by teens or young adults under the influence if SSRI drugs with no exception. Will she go after Big-Pharma? NEVER!

Feinstein found it difficult to put her foot in her mouth due to the fact she has her head up her #$%$.

You can go have a stroke now dianne...you tried you failed.......

For those of you who think their vote does not count, take a lesson. Politicians are afraid of only one thing; losing the vote.

"...as well as likely defections from some Democrats."Sometimes party leaders forget that the Senators don't represent Harry Reid, they represent the voters in their states.  It's a shame more Senators don't remember that.

For all her 20 years in DC she still came out looking like a "sixth grader".BUT--- watch your backs and keep your powder dry. The left ain't dead yet.Shame that it is.They're not done.  They'll still try and circumvent the second amendment.

This beotch is insane, like most left wing lib's....

The assault type weapon was NOT used in the Newtown shootings.  They found that weapon locked in the trunk of Lanza's car.  You reporters need to be a lot more responsible in your reporting and quit misinforming folks.  Even Police Chiefs are commenting that all the media coverage is encouraging copy cat crime.  Think over your irresponsible reporting.  You have duties also.

I read an article saying the NRA didn't have pull as much as people thought, well I guess this article shows just how much greasing those lobbyist in DC do.Maybe we should get rid of congress and hire the lobbyist to get things done.

;-)))  Now lets see how Colorado voters turn out and who gets to keep there jobs after voting for limits on American constutional rights

The fact that nearly FORTY united states senators view the American people as their enemies, is terrifying.  No wonder NDAA acts and "patriot" acts have been passing.

The 2nd amendment is actually 3 part.The 1st in giving the States the right to a "well regulated Militia" (note: by definition, well regulated in the 1700's meant "well supplied") and the 2nd in giving the right to keep and bear arms to individuals (no qualifiers). The 3rd part, the last 4 words that say it all, SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED."The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms, is as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government." T JeffersonThat being said, there are many people today, who have a deep, (and a legitimate), distrust of the government.They believe that it is in the nature of governments to accumulate and to concentrate more and more power over people's lives. More power leads to more control. It has always been so. As Lord Acton so famously stated, "Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." Meaning that those who are given power over others will use that power.Even if the government is not specifically intending to do so, it is the nature of large governments that this occurs.Now the government may espouse their desire to help the citizenry, but when individuals disagree with what the government determines is in their best interest, then those in power use coersion. Sometimes subtle sometimes not so subtle.This concentration of power and increasing coersion can be gradual (like slowly turning up the heat on a lobster in a pot), or sudden (like dropping him into boiling water).One need only be a casual student of history to see the process at work again and again and again.The Second Ammendment is *our* garuantee that this loss of individual freedom and increasing control of our lives cannot be done with impunity.One need only look at what is occurring in Syria today or in Mexico, or any of a dozen other locations around the globe .to see examples of what happens when the government controls the people and when the people are defenseless to resist.Now you may feel that this distrust is not warrented, or that it verges on paranoia. Many might agree with you. However many more, would not.The Founding Fathers believed fervently that ordinary citizens needed to be protected from an oppressive government. If they had not, then there would not have been a Second Amendment in the first instance. They were very distrustful of the concentration of power into the hands of the few. They set up safeguards through the concepts of Separation of Powers and Federalism to prevent it from happening. They added further protections in the Bill of Rights.The Founding Fathers, I am certain, would be aghast at the degree to which the government controls the lives of Americans today. Indeed, they went into rebellion over transgressions less onerous than what we today have allowed to be imposed upon us.Read the Declaration of Independence. Look at the reasons that are ennumerated there. They speak of an oppressive government seeking to impose it's will, (unlawfully in their opinion), upon the citizenry.The Second Ammendment was NEVER about what type of arms citizens might own or about what the technological developments of the future might bring. It was not about hunting. It was not about home defense. It was not about target shooting. It was about the ability of citizens to oppose and resist the oppression of a tyrannical government.There are those Americans that honestly feel that this point of view is not applicable to the 21st century; that such concerns are the things of history. They label those like myself, as 'gun nuts' or as paranoid, even dangerous.If you are one that believes that this distrust is stuff out of a dusty history book, and has no relevance in the 21st century, then I urge you again to to look around more carefully.Those of us that support the Second Amendment feel that it's relevence is as valid now as it was when it was first penned.

Thums up!For the NRA!The people have spoken!!Join and make a difference...

It's about time somebody woke up and came to their senses !!!

There is no victory yet. These politicians are sly. They'll try to slip it in when you look away.Also, the King may declare a ban. We're not out of the woods yet.I am an assault weapon and I do not need ammo.

Check the bill for invisible ink in all wavelengths of light. Put it under an electron microscope to see if hidden clauses are micro-engraved. Look for an RF chip. I don't trust Feinstein.

Already an "assault weapons" ban in Connecticut where the school shooting took place.Connecticut Law Sec. 53-202c, Possession of Assault weapon prohibited.  No need for another gun law, since the existing law did not stop anything.

Feinstein, you are an un-American traitor. If we were true to our heritage you would be tared and feathered.

What kind of weapon is not an "assault-type" weapon?

Term Limits!

It was pretty obvious from the beginning that assault weapon ban is not going to happen. Even Obama in his State of the Union speech was begging "they deserve a vote" - obviously, he suspected that simply getting this bill to the Senate's floor would be a major achievement.

Alan Fram "AP" is a (FU)(CK)(ING) (RE)(TA)(RD) and so are yahoo for just posting any old (SH)(IT) that comes over the wire.There was NO "assault style" weapon used in the Newtown killings, he did have an "assault style" weapon but it was left in his mothers car.  All of the murders that this POS commited were done with handguns.Do some (FU)(CK)(ING) research you dumb (F)(U)(C)(K)(S) !!

I wonder if dropping the ban sooner would have affected the gun control votes in CO and NY? I hope everyone who voted so hastily to get those bans enacted sweat 'bullets' for the next year and a half, AND get voted out. Democracy, its a #$%$ when you hold your constitutents responsible for crime..

Per the FBI's homicide stats, more people are beaten to death with just fists/feet than all rifle types combined (including *gasp* scary looking assault weapons), every year without exception.the Dems can kiss their jobs good bye if they vote in the arms bills...

I sincerely hope the ban fails. That means astronaut Kelly will lose money when he tries to sell his straw-man AR-15.

WHERE DID SHE PARK HER BROOM STICK?

Why don't the voters ban Feinstein instead?

You can just hear the media lamenting in the background...

Wow, Liberal rag 'reporters' heads are exploding over this. Good.

The fight is not over.  As long as there are those at local-state-federal government who want to alter or remove the 2nd Amendment, there will always be a threat.   DiFi is like a dog that won't let the bone go.  I am not celebrating yet.  To those that want to take away my property: I SHALL NOT COMPLY.  I SHALL NOT BURY.  I SHALL NOT REGISTER.  I SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED.  MOLON LABE!!

#$%$ is "an assault type weapon" The AP is getting more absurd by the day.Assault rifle = a select fire(full auto capable) rifle that fires an intermediate cartridge, and uses a detachable magazine.Assault weapon = term made up by corrupt politicians and used by the MSM to scare the ignorant.An assault type weapon = A new low even for the AP

Somewhere in New York City, a pathetic little Mayor is weeping...

Biased Liberial media -- "An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn" --THIS IS NOT TRUE! Pistols were used -- Please define "assault" weapon.Democrats are celebrating since they will not have to go on the record and vote on a issue their constituents reject but the Administration wants to have a vote on.  Keep up the pressure and let's squash the other gun control bills being debated both nationally and at state and local levels.  These politicians must be held accountable by the people they represent.  Vote for gun control = loose your job.

I guess the People have spoken...

They don't enforce the laws currently on the books. Prosecution of gun crimes is down 40% in Chicago and federal prosecutions are way down as well. They just keep turning the criminals out to kill again while seeking to disarm law abiding citizens.

Witch, on a Witch hunt!

they know they would have been voted and thrown out on their @(SS) if they take away our guns  and possible lawsuits againt them for going against the Constitution!

other than the fact the contents of the bill had nothing to do with actual assault weapons but instead was about "ugly guns" I suppose it might have been a good bill to debate. As it is it's a piece of #$%$.

question. in the stuebenville rape case, i read the boys took pictures of what they were doing. now, was this a smart phone gone dumb or a dummmy misusing a smart phone?  think about it in terms of the gun legislation.

It looks like the Democratic panel Finally woke up and realized that they don't decide for every one in this country that the people and the 2nd amendment hold the power we the people we the people have spoken and their finally listing to us .

"I very much regret it," Feinstein, D-Calif., told reporters of Reid's decision. "I tried my best."Well, you're best is no longer good enough you ol' bag!! That'll teach you for trying to mess with the Constituition and our guns!!!

A so called "assault type weapon" wasn't used in Newton!!!!!!!!!It was found in the trunk of the car.Stop lying!!!!!!!I see Yahoo is again telling the lie that an AR15 was used at Sandyhook, you need to obtain the final report on this and print the TRUTH ! There were handguns found inside the school.   If that AR15 shot kids from the interior of the car..all by itself , well that would be different.  That would indeed be a gun that needs banned.

Any Federal gun control will cost them their jobs.

"An assault-TYPE weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown".... See, there it is..... there is a HUGE difference in assault TYPE vs an assault weapon!!  But people like Feintstein are too stupid to know the difference. Besides, my understanding is that the "assault-TYPE" weapon was NOT used during the shooting - it was found later in the trunk of the car. So where did she get her facts from? Oh wait, Feinstein doesn't need facts.... she can make up anything she wants!

Harry Reid and most of the other democrat senators must not be against gun violence or they really are, but they are afraid of going on the record as being against the 2nd amendment of the Constitution.  Either way the American people deserve to know what their senator believes on this critical issue.  Without a vote, it should be assumed that all democrat senators are against the Bill of Rights and the 2nd amendment of the Constitution in particular.

Diane Feinstein is a CANCER on our FREEDOMS.   Would she also want to license FREE SPEECH or License the Printing Press?   SHE IS A CANCER.

Once again, money talks and politicians listen. Im shocked that so many relied on the government for help on this.

NO "Assault Weapon" was used at Sandy Hook!  It is in all the reports - he used four handguns.  His AR-15 was in the trunk of the car!  Why are all records pertaining to this tragedy sealed now?

She needs to go back where she come from.

OK Yahoo.  Get your head out of your #$%$ already.  The shooter used handguns in teh Newtown m#$%$acre.Stop spreading lies.Stop being the propaganda machine an just report THE FACTS.There is no negotiating the second ammendment.  Trying to take away recognition of our natural rights to self defense will mean that the Tree of LIberty will be fed once again.

aaah, and the support of contributers continues. feinstein should die of a massive coronary tonight! she is such a worthless leachEven the dems realize their power isn't stronger than the people. Luckily for gun right proponents, they out number those who oppose gun rights...

Feinsteine and Reid should go crawl back under a rock.

T.S., Senator.

Stupid libtards,an assault type weapon was NOT used at Sandy Hook.How many times do they have to be told this?

A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.  Why is this so hard to understand?

Uphold the Constitution and stop playing games!

Yahoo are you ready to admit all your garbage articles about how much support gun control had in your phantom polls with no links is nothing but a load of propaganda?

Ban feinstein's face.

What a waste of time and americas money!

Don't let door hit you in the @zz you ole bag!Awe too bad for her.Stupid liberals think that THEIR opinion is a reflection of EVERYONE.Eff them

Hopefully, the politicians put in as much effort to reform mental health policies.  That is a stance their boss, " we the people" will support.

@M. Chicago is #1 in gun control laws, #3 in population and #1 in shootings and killings.You better rethink your position.

Join the NRA today!The new...We the people!Be loud...Be proud!Post NRA every where....get the word out...

I CANNOT STAND FEINSTEIN ARROGANT LIBERAL DOG.

DECEPTION IN THE LAST DAYS!

That pic is enough to make me lose my breakfast.

washington cant get anything done

thats a good thing i think, i believe it decreases the chances of our homeland being invaded

What they really want is the GUN BACK GROUND CHECK MADE LAW  so they can start arresting thousands more of innocent people who give there kids  there dads gun or trade with anyone with out going threw there Gun registering scheme to keep track of all law abiding transfers which the hoodlums will never abide by. they'll have every gun show loaded with cops trying to set you up an take you to the gestapo prisons. Sad day in our country, not a thing will change except more arrests of regular citizens being sold down the river ."I'm not going to try to put something on the floor that won't succeed. I want something that will succeed. I think the worst of all worlds would be to bring to something to the floor and it dies there," Reid said.Dying on the floor is worse than all bills and budgets that died on his desk without ever seeing the floor?

It's in there...they've hidden it somewhere in the fine print...I don't trust them for a minute, they won't be satisified until they bring a forth reich

I guess Senator Ted Cruz was right, wasn't he you old elitist hag.  You are universally despised Feinstein--get out now!

Banning high capacity magazines is just ridiculous.  No, you would not normally hunt with a 20 round magazine but I would imagine that if you were going after feral hogs that plague many states that that capacity might come in handy if you were fortunate enough to find a group of the pests.  Besides, who says that the only use for these firearms is for hunting?  Who is to say that a person who owns an AR, AK, SKS, etc or a hand gun that can accomodate a high capacity magazine should not be allowed to have same?  It is also assinine to put serial numbers on ammunition.This is all so much BS.  The dems and liberals will not be hapy until they have destroyed every gun including cap guns and water pistols.  I guess they will then move to incarcerate children who pick up a stick and go "bang" while pretending it is a gun.

Some things have simply not changed. Those regimes seeking to assert and maintain absolute control over the citizenry will always try to disarm them first by means of confiscation, regulation, taxation, and through controlling markets for firearms and ammunition. Without exception, an unarmed citizenry is one that can be effectively bullied and coerced and are readily controlled by the government.By comparison, a well armed citizenry is an ominous threat to any police or military force who would seek to exert control over them. It is for this reason that our founding fathers introduced the Second Amendment into the U.S. Constitution

These lying #$%$ politicians need to be voted out asap, especially the evil feinstein... They tried to infringe on our Constitutional Rights and knew they would be challenged and would ultimately LOSE!

The only assault weapon that needs banning is Obama,he has continuosly assaulted this country and Insulted it and the people have stood by wooing the "MESSIAH" Get rid of the Jerk Now and all his brownnosing colleagues and get a real government in control not a bunch of panty waisted clowns.By the people for the people WE THE PEOPLE

The only assault weapon to worry about is the Mentally ILL, Who Anti-gun people do not want to focus on, it's easier to make a gun law and put a pacifier in ones mouth than deal with the real problem The Mentally Sick, It's all about Money and ones rights, But people die with Liberal view point.

So they finally decided that the "assault weapon" was used in the Newtowne attack?

You Numbskulls that think you will screw with the 2nd Ammendment had better plan on a new career. Feinstein needs to go and try to get her husband EXCITED SHE MAY GET THAT DONE LOL, but all the rest know what will happen to their careers if they tryHer face looks like a piece of leather that has been left out in the sun for about twenty years.

Their real Agenda, and the UN plan is for the background checks.  The Assult weapon bit was added so they can appear to concede something and still achieve their goal

"I tried my best." to violate the 2nd amendment. -Feinstein.

People are NOT using assault weapons in these shootings!!! The definition of an assault weapon is a fully automatic weapon!!!!

hahahahaha suck on that Feinstein you commie.

why do they keep saying that the so called "assault type weapon" was used in Newtown? the #$%$ never took it out of his car.  regardless of what happened as tragic as it was, guns are not the evil killers that the government is trying to convince everyone they are. when will people wake up and realize that guns DON'T kill, evil people kill.

Two thing here first: Talk about the wicked witch of the west! Second: Very simple sneaky ried wants to be re-elected.

I thought Harry Reid was supposedly a freind of the 2nd Amendment. Why isn't he telling Fineswine to stick it instead of waffling?Oh yeah. Cause he's as much a partisan hack as the rest of them.GO TED CRUZ!!!!

Very simple response - ha ha

We knew this was going nowhere, but Congress led by the pearl-clutching Feinstein wasted thousands of dollars many hours of time we pay for chasing something she knew wasn't going to pass.I'm sure they still have something else up their sleeves. And the "liberals" will goosestep along with it as more of our rights are violated.

They keep talking about an assault type weapon used in the newtown conn. Shootings. There were two handguns used according to the first articles and a  ar-15 found in the back seat of his car.

Harry Reid is what's wrong with America.

Is it just me or does she look like the killer from the "Texas Chainsaw Massacre"?

Its not the GOP you have to overcome, its the Millions upon Millions of Americans that own these weapons (responsibly) that you'd have to overcome, and that makes you nothing but tyrants, that will never get your way.

Why did they have to post such a big picture of that nasty hag?

Fienstien you schmuck, and dang that pesky Constitution. Guess we'll have to wait for your next crime of opportunity you parasite.

It was all show to start with, Feinstein's just putting on a show to placate her clueless constituents.

Pay attention people. Watch those who vote for new gun control and vote them out next election.

Anybody hear?  Adam Lanza, the guy that shot all those kids.... was an OWS supporter.  Looks like nearly all  mass killers are Democrat voters.  None were NRA members. ...   "Just pee on yourself"-J. BidenI'm looking at the photo of Sen. Feinstein and when you add that to he views, I wonder, is she a drinker ?

They should take to the floor what their constituents want...Period.

I'm surprised Feinstein didn't manage to mention her time in SF when she discovered the bodies of Mayor Mosconi and Harvey Milk. She's used that over and over again for political gain, as if it gives her some special knowledge or wisdom regarding guns.

Good, now lets kill the rest of it, and just decide to enforce the laws we already have !!! But , no, that requires common sense and bi-partisan attitude to do what is right for America, and not to focus on your own party's power and ideology.

When is someone going to tell the truth no one used an ar-15 that was found in the trunk of his car he used handguns. Stop believing all the #$%$ they feed you.

They are protecting their jobs.

she should retire, she wants people to know that she has been there for twenty  years and never accomplised anything,  wow, what a record!!!

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that revived gun control as a top issue in Washington"Yes, if you consider laying in the trunk of the car driven to the scene "used", i guess it was."...there comes a time in ANY form of government when it stops serving the people,,,"!Reason for the 2nd Amendment.

When are you lib. media types going to get your facts straight?  No "assault type" weapon was used at Sandy Hook!  One was found in the trunk of the person's car,  but it was never used.  And again and again there is no such thing as an Assault Weapon.All your reporting is falsehoods to get your agenda across.

Am I mistaken or when the whole truth was reported wasn't the assault weapon actually in the trunk?Frankenstein can suck it!

The NRA and Republicans need to read all the fine print very carefully.  I'm sure there will be some gotchas in the bill to stick it to legal abiding gun owners.  I just can't see Feinstein not trying to sneak something through.

obama will declare marshal law like he has done several times on sandy  Hurricane and others, and had U.S Army about 2 am kick door in and had m16 about 6 men all pointing gun at people. If people fight they was order to shot to kill, all was handcuff. they told the people we want all weapons. obama pass executive orders where he can call marshal law even at peace time, even in the U.S.  the government is out of control, why this is not on yahoo?

Either the Dems are all talk and no action or there is something up with this. They gave up too easy. Perhaps they will throw in a less "invasive" suggestion aimed at the 2nd OR there will be another mass shooting. Mark my words, this isn't it.I have to say I'm proud of Americans for standing their ground and thank the NRA for going to bat for us.I hope they realize they lost and leave it alone. Maybe they are more worried about being re elected. Lets just hope this gun grab circus is over for good.

Buy some video cameras all is well...

Fact Check: Was there used in the Newton, Ct. shooting, or was one on site in the shooter's car? BIG DIFFERENCE. News reports at the time made no mention of an assault weapon actually being used in the shooting, though one was shown being removed from a car. Who will clarify this point? Is Alan Fram simply flacking for the gun control lobby?

but what about SPENDING? BUDGET?

What a hag!!!  Get on your broom and take a one way trip to your filthy home of California!!  Old D Bag

Everyone has their feelings toward things,that's human nature.This Dingbat Feinstein,beats anything,i've seen in my 53 yrs.She is so looney she hurts herself,which is good.This Senator said,on the news one day,when they were looking for the L.A. sniper,that if everyone put their guns down,the sniper would see this and turn himself in.She recently said Vets,shouldn't have guns,because they all had some form of mental illness.Why the hell would people keep putting this crazy #$%$ woman in office?She is rubber room material.

To alter an Ammendment in the Constitution don't they have to have a Constitutional Convention? That is the way the Constitution is set up. A majority of state legislatures have to radify any change. What the Democrats are doing is illegal.An assault rifle wasn't used in the newtown shooting. Get your facts straight yahoo.

I am sick of Yahoo correcting everyone's comments.  Let the people speak as they see fit.  If someone doesn't like your choice of words just suck it up.  Beware for some day you will be allowed no speech!

Please stop showing pics of this hiddeous beast

The moonbats will be throwing their usual temper tantrums now.

Yenta looks so sad, now...."she tried her best"Totalitarian #$%$ has been trying to take guns away for 45 years.Helped screw us in CA, for sure.What a fun place to live, the Peoples Republic of San Feincisco.

Hahahaha denied again.

i would like to thank all our sherif's that have stood up to our failing government and made this happen keep up the good work and keep the dam feds in line becuse they have lost there heads. and souls.

I would welcome the availability for me to access the background check system when selling one of my personal firearms.  But why have the background check system if they only charged 48 people out of over 30,000 for lying on their federal background check to illegally attempt a firearm purchase.  A law is of no use without enforcement.

And we're supposed to believe the government??  When was the last time they told the truth??  The government, like obama binladen, would go mute if they quit lying!!

the forces of Satan have been turned...but still need defeating ...long live the Constitution and the Republic !Feinstein and Blowbama sure did sell alot of guns.

Im a NRA member, a veteran, and loather of all things feinstein, but I always thought she at least had the courage of her hypocritical convictions. And even though she, a concealed weapons holder in a state where they are almost impossible to get, would go down with her wrong headed amendment. Not even liberals are willing to actually fight for what they believe. No wonder the tea party is ascendant, they may have played a bait and switch on social issues but at least they stick to most of their guns.

For the record the definition of an assault weapon is a weapon which will fire in the fully automatic mode, Now please prove one of this nature was used in the Newtown Shooting, The Gabby Gifford Shooting, The Aurora Shooting, The Columbine Shooting, Or the worst mass Shooting on record the Virginia Tech Shooting.I say again It's time the Democrats and the News media stop with their hyperbole, and start telling the truth

No Assault weapon was used at Newtown , No assault weapon look Alike was used at Newtown, there was an assault weapon Look Alike found in the trunk of his car, WHEN IS THE MEDIA GOING TO GET THESE FACTS STRAIGHT

Eat it liberals!

they should ban people with certain looks, starting with this fake Ashkenazi j. hoe...

Feinstein is an evil,hateful,lying,dirty woman - or - in simple terms.....jewish

Fineswine and Bumbleberg are example of why our country is falling apart , Both are zionist Jews and both are pushing agendas of CONTROL, both are ludicrous proposals designed to cause division and toxicity, this is how zionism works , if you have not taken the time to research zionism then you know not of what i speak, I am NOT anti-semitism, I am  anti-zionism.... the people with this belief system are ruining america , EVERYTHING they do is UN-AMERICAN.....

Here is something for everyone to think about, May not be the best example but,,,New York City smokers  face some of the highest cigarette prices in the country. With city and state taxes totaling $5.85 a pack, it's not uncommon for a pack to cost $13 or more  Point is they are trying to price people out of smoking because it is legal to have ciggs, Its legal to own and have guns BUT look out AMMO, Black powder and parts for weapons and bulletts, Guarentee you will soon have to have background check for ammo and a box of shells that cost $5.00 could be as much as $50.00 with added taxes, Same done with fuel tax, Federal, state county and city It is time to get the Dems out and remember what the Boston tea party was all about.

Yo California..get some young intelligent person in there with half a brain will you?hahahahahahaha that old bag is finished. she isn't as smart as she told everyone,and she is a loser

I cannot for the life of me understand WHY the media insists that an AR-15 was used at Newtown, even the ME and Police say otherwise. Fact check people it isn't that hard. This is why we have idiots in the Senate and House, they spew #$%$ and the media reports it like it's fact and the public just falls right along with them.

Why is it "All or nothing" with these people? I am all in favor of a safer society, but I am also in favor of retaining the 2nd Amendment rights. Banning weapons is political "feel good" move, not addressing the real problem...Sick people with easy access to weapons. Our Country has not been invaded since the War of 1812(which was repelled),during WWII Japan discounted any though of a land attack because "there would be a gun behind every blade of grass". It shows that having a well regulated militia does provide for a free state. In Switzerland all men required to serve in the armed forces, are required to stay armed with their service weapon in their own residence. Well regulated in my opinion should mean that people that are not responsible citizens, should not be allowed access to weapons of any nature, whether they be felons, mentally ill, or have a violent history. Politicians would do us all Justice if they would confront the problem of mental illness, easy access to black market weapons, straw purchases, disregard and lack of enforcement of existing laws. I see commercials all the time about stopping smoking, I have never seen one of what to do if you have a problem person at home. There is too much violence glamorized both in the Media and in the games kids play. Violence and death is something that should not be taken lightly, let alone glamorized. So it now comes back to why just Ban a weapon for the way it looks....glamorize the issue, make a statement (I'm Doing Something!). In the US Navy I was in special forces, I was Expert M-16, my normal issue "Assault Weapon" was a Remington 870 shotgun, the very same type the Vice President seemed to endorse having instead of an AR15. We need to get to the real problem; unstable, irresponsible people with easy access to weapons, no or scarce availability to mental health care, and a little promotion of what is right and wrong in the community itself.

Micheal Moore just played a video after the Aurora shooting on his sob sister Piers Morgans ZNN show. Moore claimed he "didn't want to live in this country".  Why is he still here? He's cheerleading for the disarming of America cause he feels bad. Dianne Feinstein is Domestic Enemy #1.

The libtards and their leftist media killed the children of Sandy Hook, just as surely as if they had pulled the trigger.  Make sure you give the next nutball all the notoriety he wants in death that he could not begin to get in life. All he has to do is make sure his mass murder is more heinous, kills more innocent kids, and he at least carries a firearm of some type, any type.And make sure no one in the schools is armed to protect them, because you libtards protect your money and your leaders with guns, but all our children get to protect them are hopes and wishes.You disgust me.

Feinstein needs a mob-bukakke and be physically shoved out of town by the angry mob.

Well, now the NRA and its supporting gun lobbyists will be mad because the price of AR-15s and knockoff AK-47s will drop about $200 bucks.There goes the panic profit.

Terms limits for idiots like her!!!!

Again they wheel and deal on Capitol Hill and the citizens they supposedly represent suffer

Fema Newtown school  fake  FemaL-366  is fake school was close.  where was the 600+ kid where was 911 life flight and other equipment, al  road was total block no help could get in with they want to.  people was walking not running, if kid did get shot people would be running to help I know I would,  go to utube and watch for your self some is junk but most is dead on right.What's that claw-like grip, eh?!

Gee according to liberal media everyone wanted it.They wouldn't have lied about the polls would they?

Ca needs to retire this lady. If that state can't see what she is than let the next earthquake, should slide that state into the ocean.

We're from the Government and we're here to help.Nothing to see here, move along...

A lot of Democrats will be defending turf in gun states and dont want to defend any vote. Nothing will pass and COngress will continue to fiddle while the country burns.

If I am not mistaken, hand guns were used in the attack. The semi automatic rifle was still in his car. Oh! did you know he was a democrat.

America eats it's young.

Given public opinion at slightly less than 50% on restoration of the assault weapons ban, and the obvious capability of the Senate GOP to filibuster any such legislation, it should surprise nobody that this aspect was removed from attempts to reform gun control laws so that other measures might go through.There is significant public support for universal background checks, including closing the gun show loopholes, reducing the capacity of magazines, and a number of other measures.  Now public support will swing toward those who back sensible measures, and even GOP constituents are likely to make this perfectly clear to their reps.As regards the ranting of the NRA leaders (not the responsible rank and file membership) and the howls of the survivalists and black helicopter crowd, well, your slipplery slope, paranoid arguments are seen as increasingly ridiculous by a vast majority of Americans.  Let's vote on it ... but not at the barrel of a gun.

Let's ban Dems.

Too bad your best fell far short of your mark Finkelstein beotch. Now make the world a better place and croak.Democrats willing to sellout  before losing control , back down to keep seats .  they plan to take less now, to chip away after 2014 elections. No morals  no integrity no honor. Insult lie ridicule cheat what ever it takes to keep power  Bought  and sold like dead fish and just about as much interest in the  American people as one.  Liberals seem to be insane, Burning down their own house to get rid of bugs.

After the House is finished with a tax bill, or a budget of some sort,when it's sent to the Dem controlled Senate, they will slip it("Assault Weapons" Ban), into the fineprint.After that they will keep it in when it gets rushed through"compromise" by a small commitee, &amp; sent to the president whowill not "be sure" he wants to sign it because of some othersupposed sticking point.Rest assured that he will be convinced, by those of concern, &amp; sign it with much regret.

COWARDS! It is not about the safety of the American people, it is only about their political futures! The next time, and their will be a next time, that 20 six year olds get torn apart by an assult weapon, politicians should be forced to view the remains and see what assult weapons do to victims!

Put the assault weapons ban back in. If it fails, then so be it. Make the republicans be the ones who killed it. You can always come back later and try again. I remind you of the victims of the DC Snipers, the firefighters last Christmas Eve, and the close call in central Florida State just today.

It's obvious that Harry Reid is more concerned with protecting 13/14 Senate Democrats in the next election than protecting the next generation.

They don't want to lose seats in the house so they will vote for gun registration instead.In the mean time they won't protect our children like they do in Isreal. (No killings since 1974 in a school) Now of course their children are protected at their schools. And for you slow people I mean the politicians. Now once a few more massacres at the public level happensthey can now try and collect the weapons. It is really sick how the masses really don't matter.

most are killed with hand guns with 3 shots by blacks and mexicans

liberals have gone alittle to far this time, its one thing to step in it to much, but when you pick it up and throw it, it lands back in your face, love rubbing it in,!!!!!!!!!!

idiots

Maybe the Democrat haven’t lost all good senses?what a sexy woman in that pic. i would so hook up with her

Good news for the next Mass shooter, they don't want to deprive him from breaking the record of number of people he can shoot and Kill.

Makes you wonder, in the face of the death of so many children , Congress can't find a way to help make their death meaningful in some fashion, so instead they prove themselves to be the cowards they really are. Shame on them for not sticking up to BULLIES like NRA and any dem/repub who refuse to accept responsibility for laws that LET assault weapons exist and kill innocent children..Shame !!!!!!!!!!

There are over 350,000,000 guns in America. Thats three hundred fifty million!..Ya think the government has a ability to round em up????? Think again.Guntards just want to be above the law and do whatever they want. And the NRA just pours fuel on the fire. Its not the blind leading the blind, it's the insane leading the insane.

Gutless Democrats vs. Out-of-touch Republicans = NOTHING GETS DONE.

and so civilians' shooting and killing one another in this country will continue.we really *are* doing it to ourselves (and our children.)

The only reasons anyone needs an assault weapon are  to overthrow our elected government or satisfy their gun fetish. Neither justify letting anyone have assault weapons which have been used to kill innocent people.

Now if all the 2nd ammendment enthuisists would get half as jacked up to fight the Republicans in their goal to strangle SS and Medicare as they do with Democrats over assault weapons we may be alright.

Of course an automatic weapons ban is dropped. There never was any support for Feinstein's approach. The large capacity mags will go down too.Real background checks with the repeal of the Tiehart ammendments is where it's at!NRA sword ratteling had everyone in a tizzy, and they will continue to scream bloody murder. Theior latest is the UN Arms agreement. What the NRA membership is doing in not understanding their agenda is sad. The NRA and peppy La Pierre have one goal in mind SELL MORE GUNS! Sell them to third world nations , terrorists who cares, just so the Lobbiests make a buck!

This must feel like Christmas for all you rednecksNo guns or republicans in America.

A bush of spineless idiots ..... what do American need with assault weapons on the streets of America??  When one of their children or relatives is caught in the cross fire of one of these weapons, they you will hear the loud out cry for them to be off the streets of America.

The high capacity magazine ban is what matters. It does not prohibit the bearing of arms, and thus does not offend the second amendment. Its burden, if any, is only to require good marksmanship where arms are used for legitimate purposes.

She is very pretty

with my views I am 100% LIBERAl. I love everything about being Liberal. But after working in black markets for 16 years in Bratislava I know weapons will not fully be gone, Just like abortion and gay marriage, These things still will be happening.. Thats what black markets are for , weapons still will be avaible, Just like gay people still will love each other and just like abortions still will be happening despite what some control freak men may say, and some religious nutcase who lives by some false book written by apes...