lets see foreign owned, foreign crewed foreign flagged and low maintance a sure recipe for disaster, rember the other ship wrecks.

Seems to me (Ex Navy Snipe, Merchant Marine Seaman) that these cruise lines really need to plan out more extended layovers at the end of each cruise to allow more time for proper maintenance. Yes, I know that they want to book as many people as they can per month, or season, but having the ships constantly on the edge of breaking down due to overuse and no proper care is not a good way to run things in the long run.So far Carnival has been really lucky that a power outage has not resulted in a ship-wide fire, or losing one of those floating Hotels on a reef, or in a storm. Unfortunately, it's gonna happen one day, and that might be the end of the cruising industry, or at least that company!

How hard can it be to put a reliable engine and sufficient fuel on a boat.  People have been doing it for a couple hundred years, it's really not rocket science.

Sometimes bigger and newer isn't always better..

The repair instructions are in English, how can Carnival employees be expected to read them.

Cruise vacations equal suckers' paradise.

I keep saying that one of these is going to the bottom.

And they still make a profit!!!!!

Something is seriously wrong with the design, operation, or maintenance of these cruise ships to have this kind of trouble on ship after ship.

"The cruise line is making significant investments to enhance its backup systems and the scope of hotel services that can run on emergency power, and further improve each ship's fire prevention, detection and suppression systems."And none of this was Thought about when they originally Built these behemoths? Shades of Titanic (not enough lifeboats). They've been cruising on borrowed time by Not investing in such systems when originally built. Talk about shooting themselves in the foot.ROFL you will not get me on one till u install out houses.

We will never book Carnival again .... we have taken 5 cruises with Carnival and noticed a few years back that they were cheaping out .... their Rate Saver Plan is worthless .... they refuse to answer when the rates drop ... their buffets are almost inedible as they push customers to their fee to eat cafes .... cruise directors are nowhere to be seen .... their ships are all designed the same .... their menus on every ship is the same ..... been on one Carnival ... you've been on all of them .... their ships are dead at night around 9 PM .... no deck activities unless you want to watch a movie on their huge screen .... their entertainment has lost its flash ..... we book RCL .... very nice ships .... great food .... terrific entertainment .... step on an RCL after being on a Carnival and you will see the difference in quality ....  bye bye Carnival .....

Being stranded in the middle of the ocean for an extra few days wouldn't be bad if all the onboard systems worked, and you could still have a good vacation.

To comply with truth in advertising laws, their ship DREAM was just rechristened the NIGHTMARE.

I've been on seven cruises,and booked 2 more.I have relaxed,been pampered,annoyed at times,but mostly had a great time and have seen places I would not have afforded otherwise.It is the best bang for your buck.(no pun intended) Next time you drive somewhere count the crashes.

And what exactly are the enhancements you are making?  If the company was run by mariners instead of arrogant businessmen these things would or at least should have been included when the ships were built.  It's not all about the glitz, safety at sea should come first.

On all forms of transportation the basic design should be all encompasing in performance, reliability, durability and selected for that type of service. It sounds like none of this was incorporated in the begining.  Fast quick profit was the desired goal and look at what they received.  We need to get back to doing the job right and thoroughly from the first step through the last step.

its not the maintenance, its the basic components. alternators should not be failing unless they are built wrong. oil lines should not be failing unless they are routed badly.

Carnival's newest ships are the ones that seem to be having the problems. Their older ships keep sailing along while the brand-new tonnage is breaking down.

Better to take them out of circulation, fix them properly and not have what happened happen again.Trouble is there are too many "push button engineers" who knows absolutely nothing about the workings in the field. A few years back it was compulsory to have a qualified engineer on board an airliner but it was scrapped later on. For vessels it is still compulsory.

I still wouldn't sail with them.

bet the ARK was cleaner...and smelled better...at least IT didn't burn...

Maybe the carnival lines need to check every thing before they leave port

Suggestion for Carnival; Install Port-o-lets on all outside balconies.

So when did this become "news"? The Three Stooges of the Seven Seas.

they need to build newer ships.and hire good team to repair these  ships. i see the work force. really

take the staten island ferry - at least the toilets work...and it's free!

Just put them ALL in dry dock, because I'll never take a Carnival cruise!

gee...and I was SOOOO looking forward to a Sewage Cruise to Nowhere....Carnival, The Motel 6 of cruise lines.Sail Royal Carribean istead, THAT is a quality company.

Has anyone thought of preventive maintenance?

These are built from scratch to order. Stop making it about profit and make it about quality. How much money has been lost because they didn't thoroughly think about scenarios that could happen. Now they have lost time in use and they are paying again to have things fixed.

Related Story:...Smart investors are selling all Carnival stock

Carnival the Bank of America of Cruise lines

There is only one thing about booking the trip on the Carnival.   I will NEVER be on it.

They need to start up the Brothel Cruises!!

Fix em schmix em...I wont take a cruise ship anywhere...you are trapped when a virus breaks out and you cannot get off the ship.And if it sinks////so do you.

Have cruised Carnival many many times and never had an issue.  All the other cruise lines have the same issues, do a little research and you will see this.  This is nothing more than piling on, blood in the water mentality.Watch Carnival make it right and come screaming back.

I wonder how many of these comments are madeby people who have never been on a Carnival ship or are employees of another cruise line?CARNEY EVIL CRUIZE SLIMEZ=the CESSPOOL of the HIGH SEAZ.any ???'z

Toilets and elevators "relying" on emergency back up generators? What about the primary generators? Something fishy here folks.

a person would have to be suffering dementia to take a cruise ship. if you go take your potra potty and toilet paper, the ships are innundated with feces.

It can take a while to get fecal matter out of carpet fibers.....

Carnival ought to do the right thing and donate their fleet to Florida to be used as the start of a natural reef.   Their ships are in the news for all the wrong reasons.

#$%$ royal is just that royal,carnval has had a bad rap for a decade. you cant polish a turd,some turds float others sink.  carnival is cheap circus cruise co.cant and wont defend a co that is so lax in maintance and service .KMA

I sailed the Navigator of the Seas of Royal Carribean and all i can say is that the ship was absolutely spotless, clean as clean can be, the food was great and the ship operated like a fine swiss watch.Carnival on the other hand.....yuckLike Walmart during Black Friday.....

I was on cruise once where every time we ate in the dining room, above one of the azipods (motors), I said something was wrong due to vibrations that I felt. The staff laughed at me. The next cruise out, it broke down and the cruise was cut short while it limped home on one engine. Duh.

Their is always a fool out their for a cruise/and complain when something go wrong

When the bottom line fails the ships will be a thing of the past. People want cheap prices but Movie Star accommodations.Sounds like a trip on the Titanic would be more enjoyable.

What's wrong with Carnival?  Did they run out having enough plastic bags for people to pee and sh** in?   Or perhaps they might not have enough onion sandwiches?  LMAO!

Even with these issues, Carnival is still the best out there.  Period.

Verizon Wireless is the worst firm in the USA. Carnival is at least honest, ethical and is trying it best to serve its' customers. Whereas, Verizon is dishonest, extremely unethical and is always trying to screw its' customers. Take it from someone with real experiences.

Carnival needs to spend money fixing ALL their ships, not just the one that broke down in the last couple of months. What are they waiting for? more tragedies like the Costa Concordia? And what is the purpose of teaching how to use the emergency boats when they don't use them? Those emergency rafters better be MANUAL rafters and not operated by electricity!

My next cruise will be on a large sail boat. No engines to worry about....candles and wine will be our main interest.  Manually operated toilets are common so you can go if you have to at any time.  The one thing we would miss though is a casino.

The way Carnival seems to be running their company with not fix ships when need, hope all the life rafts are in good working order...... would not be surprise if they had a hole in the ship and they say we just close that door so it should not let the ocean in to the rest of the ship!!!

Shoddy run company offering a shoddy product. We all know Carnival is the trailer trash of cruise lines!

Who makes those ships KIA ????

consumers/vacationeers finally catch a breakCarnival never gives your money back when a cruise is cancelled  and  the room is resold.!!!! They have cheated poor people for years.  even with insurance they just get another 130. For insur., that is no good. God is caling them to account for their fraudulent practices.  they want all profit and no money for maintenance.

Sink these floating pieces of sh-t and create some reefs out of them!! While youre at it, chain some liberals to it!!