You can't ask celebrities to register like common people. They're special... just ask Alec Baldwin.

If they were truly dedicated to the causes they are against, they would drive horse and buggy...Oh wait , that is cruelty to animals... walk or use bicycles.

Always knew hollywood was full of a bunch of frackers.

Isn't it funny how celebrates think they are more important or special? They even believe they are smarter than us commoners? Even though many quit or failed out of school. Their claim to fame....they make movies or TV. Go worry about your own home an issues (as you all have many more than us commoners) in your own home towns or places of residence. And please, stop spouting off about saving energy etc when you fly on your private planes, light your many houses and drive ridiculously large cars or ride in your private limos. I am not jealous, good for them for making as much money as they can and buying what they want. QUIT TRYING TO MAKE IT NOT OKAY FOR THE REST OF THE CITIZENS OF THE USA TO LIVE OUR LIVES. Believe it or not, you don't know more then most and your own lives are generally a mess compared to us average people. As for the rest of us "Little People" - quit being interested in what these people spout off, what they wear and who they sleep with, they are not better or worse then anyone else that works and pays their bills.

Oh, must be so nice to be rich and famous, and able to run all over the country saving others, while the rest of us poor slobs are out working for a living. Just saying.

Dont have a clue ;and run their Mouth

Who in hell listens to these hollywierd dopes to start with?

If they're not citizens of New York State they need to keep their nose out of it.  That goes for anyone who doesn't like fracking.  They have no idea what they're talking about any way.

Send these has beens home...They fly around and dive in their limos while telling the rest of us how to live ...Frack'em

Looks like Sean Lennon was trying to pass himself off as Elvis Costello.What, and maybe find out these people are hypocrites like Al Gore.  Perish the thought.

These people are fools with money

They look liike a couple of morons.

heard they burn 20 dollar bills for heat.  Love it when special people tell everyone else what to do.  They be smarter and stuff

Frack you!

More evidence these clowns have no idea what they are doing.  Stupid is as stupid does.

I don't care what any fracking celebrity has to say. They are paid to entertain me, not to have opinions.

America, take their opinion at face value, only. It is only an individual opinion and has no factual foundation. As to registering as lobbyist, why should we start something like that now. In America talk is free. Be careful for what you want.

Just likethey say in Battlestar Galactica: Frack Em All!

gee all these celebrities who have been major financial backers of everything democratic party and now they are not getting what they have paid for from those they have invested in"Bone-Heads" out in the cold.....Priceless.....

And what government agency will charge them? Holder? HA

Celebrities nortorioulsly liberal and ignorant

i do not agree with their position but americans should not be forced to join a group to voice an opinion. but i would hope we have not set up tax advantages in voicing opinions and i fear that is exactly the corrupt system our politicans have designed.

Why is it that everybody but the experts are the experts?  I'll Sarandon and OKO don't even have a basic geology degree; what gives them the right to formulate state policy which will provide jobs and get us out from underneath foreign domination when it comes to oil &amp; gas? Oh yes, I forgot, they have so much money, they will never shiver in the cold at night!!Friggin Hypocrites, just like Chavez saying he was going to ship heating oil to all the folks that were freezing because they could not afford the price of heating oilAnything to start trouble over something that should never be an issue.

What?  These are special people.  Above the law, just like most politicians.  They all fall into the POS category.

Why do these democrat libs hate the USA ?

The true 1%ers.

What does a "green" tree hugger liberal care about rules and laws anyway?

*NY Celebrities and Yoko Ono.I can guarantee you - if you asked these two - or any other of the so called "celebrities" anything about fracking and the process involved with it - they would not have one - not one- educated answer about it.

Obama's "Fellow Travelers", they can do what they want, get used to it.

Since they are against Fracking....how about THEY start paying our Fracking Gas Bills....

Why does the Unibomber care about fracking. And when did he start dating Susan Sarandon?

I'm anti-moron - how can I register to get rid of these uninformed idiots?

Meet the Fracker's..wasn't that a movie? wait that was 'Meet the Focker's" right?? LOL.

Typical A list liberals running their mouths again.  It is sad that there are people out there that actualy think that "If Susan Sarandon says it then it must be true".  lol She is about 3 IQ points smarter than a trained monkey.

Um, when exactly did the miracle occur that gave Yoko Ono the ability to carry a tune? Her voice alone could Frack the Planet! That being said, all these CA Celebs hanging in NY for this mess, should head right back to LA and save their own State from the EVIL happening there.

Looks like they fracked up this time.

Whole Lotta Yoko....J. Lennon, E. Clapton and K. Richards on guitars.Let's Rock ...Frack Off!! Do something that is productive and makes a solid contribution to society. Fracking is the best thing to come along.

If you are so vapid and shallow as to take advice on what to think from Hollywood types you are the problem.

Fracking has been around for decades.  DECADES.- and even the EPA's own studies have proven it to be safe.YES - THE EPA's OWN STUDIES HAVE PROVEN IT IS SAFE TO THE ENVIRONMENT.BUT NOW - because it has become more popular - these hollywood idiots and others are saying it is dmamging to the environment.Throw all of these mindless losers in jail.

I am so glad that my parents don't have to see the way the Liberals have destroyed this country.  I don't think the America they knew will ever be again!!!

Please crawl under a rock, preferably one in New York City, you can kiss the mayor's whatsit and make yourselves feel important.

All actors are mimicking monkeys. If it is not written for them, they have no clue. What really hurts is, the people that listen to their babble actually believe it is fact. So, who is the idiot?The uneducated actor, or the uneducated fan, or the dumb news media to publish such rubbish?t

Yeah, I always look to celebrities for correct scientific information.  Please...

Yoko's getting her frack on.

I sure would like to know what their educational backgrounds are. Kind of like Baldwins commercial , "That's Okay, I played a Pilot once."  Making movies like fairy tales does not qualify one as an expert. And Americans who listen to them, because they've seen them in the movies and liked them, are equally ignorant .

Alec Baldwin is NUTS !Under the NY Lobbying law, if they hold a concert for the feed the poor or victims of the recent storms that would also be lobbying as they are attempting to sway public opinion and government policy!

Would Susan Sarandon just go away.................."PLEASE!"

All of these celebrities have extensive training and education in Petro-Chemical Engineering, Geology, etc., and of course they know what the results of fracking will be. Of course they do. . What I know is, why does anyone pay any attention to these ignorant dysfunctional sophomoric miscreants? Because they are 'Stars", L M F A C O.

I would'nt frack yoko on a bet.  These people all sound like grade A bleeding heart liberal d-bags anyway. Does it really matter what they think? I think not.

I guess these "has been's" still want attention.....

Hey....lets all get behind them. Maybe Sarandon or Yoko Ono will give us all six figure jobs for opening their limosine doors or carrying their umbrellas.

the headline should read " Look @ us everyone , we're the chosen ones , we're morally &amp; intellectually superior to you conservative neanderthals " .

Fracking is the safest way to extract fossil fuels. Period. These uber-rich, elite attention seekers are better than the rest of us....They make me sick.

If you celebrity's want to save us from the evils of fracking. Put up some money or shutup ! I will sell my gas lease to any celebity !!! I just think their lookin for some publicity.

Hey celebs when you finally shut down the American energy industry and turn America into a poverty-stricken, third world country in the process, you won't be making your fortunes on movies and concerts because there will be no electricity to operate these ventures and Americans will have no money to afford them.Dont need one...They are better than you...just ask them.

Hence the reason Upstate NY would prefer to separate from NYC.  We are tired of their liberal nanny politics.

Just shut up and sing.

hollyweird idiots

Pre'z Obama has lobbied most of his career. Give-me tax money for the poor. Now he's rich and the poor are still even poorer ! A con is a con. Laws are for the common people.

I didn't know Dammit Janet was such an authority on the methods and complexities of induced hydrofracturing techniques employed by the gas and oil companies.

Frack all of them,they are not worried about money,what do they think happens when a underground nuke test is done!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

My God, why don't all you entertainers just get the frack back to hollywood, do what the frack you are being paid to do (fra-act), and get the frack out of the political business.  You fracking make me sick!  Some of you aren't even good fracking actors.  So - please just shut the frack up.

What a revelatory moment that must have been for Artists Against Fracking. They were no better than those K Street lobbyists that they hate so much. And to think they have to live by the same rules. How insulting!

WHAT ARE THEY TRYING TO DO STOP FREEDOM OF SPEECHThey DO NOT KNOW A THING about most of the bandwagons that they jump on.They instantly BECOME EXPERTS and SPOKES PERSONS once on the bandwagon.

Is there anything these actors don't know everything about?  They think they are smarter than everyone else because they can read lines written by someone else..dumb!

They must want to stop fracking so that it can be done instead in impoverished 3rd word countries where their is no effective environmental regulation. Also the companies doing it should be non-American. That way you can protect the environment in the USA by destroying it elsewhere.  Their back up plan is to play the race card when somebody calls them on their actions. Some times there is seepage, is it worse than the #$%$ in fertilizers and pesticides used daily in agriculture? hell no. Now every east coast earthquake is blamed on fracking even if the nearest fracking is over 500 miles away and the focus of the earthquake is miles below any sedimentary rock.

Get your fracking permit in the or out of the lobby.

Celebrities are above the law, just look at Lindsay Lohan.

Clean water MUST be a consideration, but first tell me how to distribute all those movies and all that music (THAT YOU ALL GOT SO RICH FROM) without electricity?

I wish these filthy disgusting communists would move to Cuba

awe so they are operating illegally?   go figures...   ha!

If someone wants to hold a concert and make pocket money, thats just fine.  When you say you are collecting to help a cause, how will the money be distributed? If it's not a non-profit, who gets the charity deduction on their taxes?  If they become non-profit, then they will need to document exactly how the money was donated.

Who are they?  I believe they put their clothes on the same way I do.  What the American public (those that disagree with them) should do is stop going to their movies, stop buying their music and don't give them a dime.  If they think they know so much more than us common people, I have not seen a Susan Sarandon movie in years along.americans dont need to sell their oil overseas

They are upset that they will not make as much money as they would like to make!

I am from upstate NY if you in NY city  want to drink fracking water from the the most pristine waters  in the north east that yo take from the state  .. Go ahead keep it up .. the stank water is flowing your way wait it is already there

Hater Hillbillies out in force tonight............

Enter the NIMBY's &amp; bring in the clowns.

Would any state give a known nutbag like susan sarandon,a FOID card? I won't watch amovie with her in it,or her nutbag husband,tim robbins.They make me sick...She and her ilk can't figure out that the US NEEDS ENERGY .We need to be independent of arab countries.Pouring money into these countries furthers the risk of having more airliners slammed into our skyscrapers.Yes ,fracking does have environmental impaccts,but there needs to be a trade-off.Sarandon ,deep down inside is an anti-american and uses her stardom to influence the rest of us.Her perverse way of thinking.

Well, the enviro nutjobs gripe about drilling, the pipeline, and fracking. Wonder if they will be the first to volunteer to go back to the horse and buggy when the fuels either run out or when the cartel finally raised the price beyond our reach.

These people should have to spend a month eating worms in the rain forest before they can register.

Now that's one strange looking dude. Scary part is, he's trying to tell us how to live. I guess we should be used to it by now.

I like the Anti-Frackers first album the bestWhen freaking celebs start to toot their horn, especially the list mentioned above of whom I wouldn't give a nickle to, makes me sick....they think they know it all and their way is the right way!!! but actually they're the "left way"! lol!

Celebrity communists with their own interests hardly ever benefit the working man/woman in America. They are evil people who are self absorbed nothings. Go to a movie and enjoy but leave the people in the films to just that- actors..

Just how many people have to be involved in an effort to shift public opinion before they are considered a lobby?  Is spending money the issue?

Sarandon hates most people who don't think her way, which is most of America. She should move to Paris,  France or Kentucky!

frack em

How is it considered "Lobbying" Are they or do they have special access, back door private access, to government officials, are they giving these officials gifts: ie, Cash, vacations and other prepaid trips, are they paying for residential upgrades to the home of government officials, NO? then its not lobbying .

Hollywood is loaded with a bunch idots, These celebrities have their own laws just like their political liberal friends. Laws don't apply to them, only to the people who oppose them.

WHO? Maybe they just think they ARE CELEBRITIES? never heard of them.

Yoko On and Sarandon? Give me a break. Like I care what those two "off the wall twits" think.

its allways these ugly muthur frackers trying to frack up our domestic oil and gas resources .perhaps these frackers want our country to be dependent on fracking foreign oil .or these stoopid frackers are trying to cause a fracking oil shortage or fracking high oil prices .they need to go frack themselvesIt's easy to say that this is a liberal wacko issue but it isn't.  Thousands of everyday hard working Americans are being negatively affected by fracking.   Believe it or not - fracking is not as much a "clean energy" as you might think.  The process uses very large quantities of water, and when the water has been used for fracking - it is polluted.  The polluted water can be used over &amp; over again, but often it is mishandled and dumped onto the ground or in creeks.  Fracking fluid has lots of stuff in it - some benign - and some not.  Ethylene glycol is used in it.  That's the stuff in radiator fluid that will kill animals if they drink it.  The used fluid also gets "dirty" as it is used.  It can be tainted with benzene and heavy metals that are present in the rock and earth where the process takes place.  Drinking water that comes from wells near frack sites can easily become polluted and unsafe to drink.  Doesn't sound like a big deal - but it could ruin your life if your only water source was destroyed.

Yoko Ono gives them credibility!

They're not lobbyists, they're American citizens petitioning their government.  Of the people,by the people.  Only non-persons such as corporations need register as lobbyists.

Is this the same way of getting natural gas that has contaminated land owners water supplies.If so i cant beleive this is still going on.The land nowners left stuch with contaminated water supplies.This could contaminate under ground water supplies all over.Who is behind all of this,This is water for us to drink.Do they not care what they are doing.This is a very bad thing.It might be a way for them to take land away.Big question.

lets  get fracking      i love the   f  word     more  money  in the   worker pocket     . these a hole cele brities   have  their bread  buttered  already.     give the work to the unions they do it safely

Thanks rich celebs for keeping the jobs away from the American public!!!  Too bad NG is drilled at 6000 feet below the surface and the water table is only 150 feet below the surface, fools!

T see the truth about fracking watch Fracknation and you will dicover it is completly safe

"FRACK" all of them!!!

Maybe they should take a lesson from that POS Bill Maher who realizes now just how the TAX burden is hitting him in that LOSER state of California.  These two (Sarandon and the ugly dude) are nothing but blowhards.  DEMS HAVE NO CLUE HOW TO EVEN RUN A LEMONADE STAND, period.

I would love that, it would give justification to flip it around on the Koch boys.So,omg! just wiped out the other 1,000 comments, 999 being against anything that celebs do or say. Wimpy, wimpy, wimpy.

clue less

Why don't these celebrities go do what they do best....doping....screwing each other....staying drunk....drop outs.....most of them don't have the sense to come in out of the rain but they think they can run the country....put them in a boat with the biggest traitor...JANE FONDA.....and deport them all.....would't be anything lost.

People, people...  Don't you know by now?  They're CELEBRITIES!  Laws don't apply to them.  That's why so many of them are in bed with politicians.

Like these two actually care about fracking.  Whatever they can do for some publicity...

truthfully, I DON'T know either one of the pictured people,... are they famous for doing something?

No one ever accused them of having a clue

Things like this are why I hold celebs and politicians in such high regard.  You couldn't wipe your a-- with their opinions because they just don't have any substance.

If anyother lobbying group has to, why not?  Besides, if you don't want drilling or refining in your own backyard, you should have to pay dearly if you want what is drilled out of or refined in my backyard.  Don't want it off your shoreline, then do without.  There used to be an excise tax on the utility bills in south Tx. to send fuel to the north, how fair is that?  Frack them, let them do without, or is reconstruction still going on and we in the south have to pay for the sins of over a hundred years ago.

Susan Surandumb. Great, just the help they need.New York don't need no stinking jobs.