Outside of the Summer of 2010, these coastal communities are back with roaring economic growth.  This is a giant money grab by the Justice Dept.  It is quite scary to watch a Federal judge bullying these companies and preventing a fair trial.  BOEMRE approved the well head design and all other changes in the drilling operations.  It was a tragic accident and lessons learned from disaster will prevent this from ever occurring again.

This is just thieving lawyers stealing more money for people that don't deserve it. They are screwing the people that actually had lost money. Put them in jail when we find out the crooks that are making false claims.

Halliburton constructed the main piece that went wrong! pay up! and drill where you want, but take complete responsibility for any disaster!

HELLiburton,,,,enough said

This whole chain of events is pathetic if BP could it would pass all theblame to Hal. &amp; trans. It also seems like the only ones to gain are the Feds?

Kudos to the judge for not dismissing the claims against these companies. This is what happens when foreign big businesses try to stick it to the American people. China take note, and deal with us fairly and responsibly.

Correct! No one on the rig whether it is supervisory, roughneck or roustabout ever want a well control event. BP holds all the blame here not the rig personnel for mistakes. These wells are 2+ miles in the ground and it is not always easy to interpret exactly what is happening. What a shame all our government can do is try to prosecute and jail anyone involved. Think about it,  if your car catches fire in your driveway and someone driving by is hurt then I guess the judicial department of the USA will attempt to jail you.

Two BP rig supervisors, Robert Kaluza and Donald Vidrine, are charged with manslaughter in the 11 rig workers' deathsThese men that died had no say in the incident  and most likely never seen it coming their families also are not at fault but continue to suffer.If you make a stupid call to save time and money and the roughnecks die you deserve to stand trail for murder I just hope they get a few of these guys supervisors as well the decisions are never made just at the rig site.GOD BLESS THE ROUGHNECKS

The only one at fault is BP.

We are utterly opposed to the Keystone pipeline project::1.Devastates the pristine lands and native homes of Canadians and American citizens alike;2.Distillation of low-grade, transport, and use of such foul material will contribute to climate change;3.Delay critical development of clean, green energy innovation and implementation;4.Construction of pipeline by demonstrably technically incompetent, indifferent companies with atrocious safety histories notable for outstanding fines and continuing and long-term failure to properly clean and dispose of numerous existing toxic spills;5.Pipe planned for use is of cheap substandard steal and will not weld correctly or safely;6.Monitoring of pipeline is provably unreliable by current and proposed technologies. Period;7.The technology to build this large of a pipleline is unprecedented as are the challenges. The technology simply does not exist at the present time to insure the safety of all those in the impact zone of this project;8.the sole motivation for this project is the obscene profit to be made by a few while many may toil to build this edifice to hubris, their jobs will be short-lived (6-months) and a sad testimony to man's greed and arrogant hubris.9.TransCanada has publicaly admitted to falsifying the number of jobs this project will require (20,000 vs 5,000) and sundry other details about the work involved.Many other reasons remain, just as consequential as the above and details can be provided if requested. Please do not make the mistake of passing this devestating project which poses a dire threat to the safety and health of this nation and ultimately the world. Â This is far more than some jobs program and throw-away to the republicans in congress - passage of this bill will stain the Obama presidency for years to come and will rival the success of the Healthcare Act. Please dare to act in the planet's best interests.So they were just "trying to get it right" but they "They just misinterpreted what they were seeing" just before the explosion that killed 11 people and poured somewhere around 210 million gallons of toxic crude into the Gulf?? And now were supposed to let these very same arrogant morons continue drilling in the Gulf and even dig a 1200 mile oil pipeline leading from Canada all the way across the central division of this country to the Gulf?? Who's crazy now???

"You could call time out for safety,they wouldn't fire you for it but they would find another way to fire you for it"--Daniel Baron Deepwater horizion survivor.He stated this on CNN with 4 other survivors and all 4 agreed with his statement.Think we need serious whistleblower protection now?The whole system stinks from high hell.Trust me i know first hand i'm a whistelblower who made the mistake of trusting our govenment for protection only to be fired 6 weeks after contacting them.My case involved SUNOCO refineries and was a disaster waiting to happen.I was fired o 4/20/09 one year to the day of deepwater and i provided a mountain of evidence plus a complete time of how i warned them through the chain of command.All i wanted was protection of my job.What a fu#@ing joke our legal system is.

How do YOU DEFEND the INDEFENSIBLE...Stacey BridgesWidowed 3Y, 3M And 12DAdvocate Against The Off-Labeling Of Schizophrenic Drugs To The General Public On National TV Without WARNING...