Yawn

France will be expelled from UNSC Permanent Membership on the day, people go scot free in Britain. Looks like match practice is over in Mali Open.

Muslims bombing Muslims....what's not to like! What I want to know is, can I watch it Live on TV with Beer and Pretzels?

Do you people, really think Assad gives a Chit ?

What a mess.

Liberal twits were whining about Isreal dropping some flares off the lebanese coast yesterday?

So why is it that Israel is getting all of the negative press for firing flares over Lebanon, while Syria's Air Force violates/drops bombs into Lebanon's air-space and France is the only country going after Syria?

Since when have the frogs been concerned about sovereignty?  If they were concerned about sovereignty, they would not be meddling in the Syrian conflict by arming the terrorists.

France on Monday condemned a Syrian air raid into Lebanon? Very funny! Did France say anything about American Drone bombing in Pakistan? Yemen? Somalia? Sudan? etc.?

How about Israels last venture over Lebanese air space no mention of that by France.So how about few months ago when Israel bomb lebanon and syria?? Was Lebanon's airspace violated??..Oh wait, How about 2007 when Israel bombed Syria, was Syria's airspace violated??..How about when Turkey bombed Iraq killing all those civilians in pursuit of kurdish rebels, was Turkey in violations??..How about how drones flying over Pakistan, somali, libya, yemen, and Iran, are those in any way violations??..I'm so ready for WW3 to kick in the door and end civilization, because all these countries are run by liars, hypocritics and #$%$, who don't give two #$%$ about their own people, but only look after their own elite...

LOL.... but not a PEEP from France when Israel bombed Syria a few weeks ago. Give Me A F-n Break!

Would that be like what France is doing in Mali, not to mention Algeria.

The Franch government has lost its moral sense; supporting the terrorists while justifying destruction of the sovereign State of Syria!

The same France that bombed Libya day and night, so it could gain easy access to oil.

France, still trying to pretend that it has colonies.

Shuht up France its none of your business...the serious violation of a states sovereignty and bombing civilians is well done by France I guess... You hypocrite lame dogs your economy is screw ,ed so you have to start wars to profit on !

Syria is fighting terrorism and will strike the terrorists at their front door whenever it sees fit...how long will any other government wait to strike invading terrorists backed by the west ? Bashar Al Assad is a hero and the ones that say otherwise are Al Qaidas friends, go #$%$rselves.

What b\/llshi+, Israel invades Lebanons airspace on a daily basis and no one says anything.

Yeah thoseFrench cats are so outraged!!! I wonder why they said nothing when Israel attacked Syria a couple of weeks ago.Syria, Yemen, Iraq, Pakistan, and Afghanistan say France, American, and British air raids "seriously violated" their sovereignty.

None of this would be happening if it weren't for that pedophile Prophet Muhammed who 1400 years decided one day to switch from goats to little boys.

Then they should quit allowing the terrorists to go through their nation on their way to Syria.  What do you expect idiots???

France wants to provide weapons to the terrorists unilaterally and they are accusing Syria of "seriously violating" someone else sovereignty??  Give me a break.

The French could have kept their comments to themselves. Just about anyone with an air force would do the same, if people cross over to kill someone or blow up something, then back into the harbouring country. Syria has warned Lebanon this would happen.

Is Lebanon still a country? I thought it was just an armed camp for all the anti-Israelis!

IF the french want to lead on this let them.The USA can sit on the side and watch how its done or not done.

Let France take the lead by mounting military attack on Syria to bring down Bashar Assad

France is turning into another Jewish control state speaking for the zionists.

Yet the French basturds don't say anything to Israel for invading Syrian airspace..in fact, its for their national security but god forbid Syria!?!?NATO is a disgusting entity that needs to be eradicated for warmongering.And so what if it "violated Lebanese airspace"?.. Why is it the Wests business ?.. Let lebanon moan about it..I don't hear France complaining about Isreal's flares firing into lebanon .. Hypocrite!!!

How about Israels air raids on Lebanon,did they violate lebanon sovereingnty??

Why do western powers sit by and let these morons rule for so long posing a threat to the world. Should just take out their military by air like they did in Libya. Should have taken Iran out in 1979 before they gained military power, should have taken out Korea in the 50's when we had the chance and should have kept pushing into China to take out the communist party before they became entrenched. Should have taken out Russia back in 1945 when we had our air power in place, they may have had better tanks at the end of WW2 but we dominated the skies with thousands of bombers and fighters. Would have prevented all this horror that we have seen for 70 years!!!

France was silent when Israel "violated" Lebanon's airspace in 2006 &amp; killed over 900 civilians.

France understands "sovereignty" as Lebanon's right to provide terrorists with bases to attack Syria.

Arming a terrorist group like Hezbollah in Lebanon is not also a violation of Lebanon's sovereignty? Syria and Iran have been doing that for so long, to the point that the terrorists there are stronger than the Lebanese government. Why do Europeans then intervene to destroy Hezbollah, if they care so much about violations on Labenese sovereignty?

I can't wait to hear what that Jew Fabius has to say the next time Israel violates Lebanese airspace.

come on france, what about when isreal bombed syria's convoys a few months ago??? the whole world muted on this.  thanks god for the chinese and russians,who are more objectives than subjectives to this bs

International relationships are going nuts , france needs to stay out of this soon ...

#$%$ FranceLet Lebanon deal with it. Silly FROGS should mind their own business... they run from every fight any way

It is time for France to screw up its gutteral orifice -- more pressuring issues like the daily invasion of Palestine by Israel which is posing a threat in the Middle East.

Exactly like the United States in Pakistan!!

They gave a pass to the Israeilis because everyone does.

Israel won't directly attack Iran, rather through Syria ... hence the zionists need to remove Assad.

France complains because the Rothschild plan to topple Assad isn't working as expected

The anti-Zionist filth tried to convince you Israel's discharge of flares over Lebanon was some kind of grave provocation, yet Syria's intrusion into Lebanon is met without an acknowledgment from anti-Zionist swine. These anti-Israel pukes are disgusting.

"Yes" and what when Israel did it???

Lebanon's WHAT ??? Sovereignty .....Lebanon ,at best, is nothing more than some corporate  Be Real !!

“The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of the cowards (my word) who look on and do nothing.”- Albert EinsteinThese are France terorists operating from Lebanon.. Assad kill them all

Jack while I agree with you 100% on the the US just drone striking where it sees fit BUT, this is just further Illustrating the atrocieties being committed by Assad (let alone the cluster bombing... I don't think people realize the sheer magnitude of the destruction these bombs cause, which is why they are now banned).

France is just another STATE  rogue

The US does this hundreds of times in Pakistan and it's ok.. but if another nation does it, it's a serious violation? lol.. come on.. really?