They need to get serious about finding out why all of these people are going off the deep end.

I hope Mr. Mahi recovers but see no problem with the store staying open.

Service dogs must be secured.  End of discussion.

Why should the store close, if the employee did nothing wrong? Wouldn't it be at least as heartless to have all those employees on unpaid time off without cause?

At least it wasn't the dog that pulled the trigger this time.

The customer's always right.

Guess Americans have tired of government controls.

If the manager dies, just wire a 240-volt range cord to the guy's wheelchair and plug it in.  Problem solved.

I like to go to wal-mart and watch the zombies pushing metal carts around....its entertaining.

USA! USA! We solve all our problems with guns!You never know what kind of day the " other guy " is having. Be nice to people and say your prayers.

Wheelchair or not, a shooting is just that!

NRA at work!

At least his 2nd amendments rights were not violated.

The manager was replaced by one of the door greeters.Carry On

New policy: stop people with dogs outside the building. Then check for leashes. Second tip: find out how he got two shotguns into the store. By all means do not conduct business as usual at a crime scene.

Wheelchair-bound man accused in Alaska Walmart shootingLol.

Palin's "Wild Alaska" !

Did they arrest the service dog as an accomplance?

Lets see the guns rights people say that this still would have happened if he did not have access to a gun.It's obvious that the mentally unstable democrats will want to ban wheelchairs in all stores

Must have been a great chase.

That had to be an off duty police officer was looking for bad guy because I'm told that union people don't shop at wal-mart.

Taking "Don't tell me what to do! " a bit too far. Hope the manager pulls thru.

What an idiotic reason to pull out a gun and shot a person!  According to this article, the manager didn't even tell this guy he couldn't have his service dog in the store, he only asked him to put his dog on a leash.  Yes, perhaps get verbally angry at the manager if the service dog is under complete voice control, but don't pull out a gun and shoot him!  And i seriously doubt that the jail/prison authorities are going to allow this guy to have his service dog with him, whether leashed or not, while he is incarcerated. So he screws up his relationship with his dog just because he was asked to put him on a leash while in the store. Or was this guy just looking to shoot someone, anyone, who angered him, because he was having a bad day/week/life?

they should let his family shoot the pathetic piece of trash

Don't tell anyone to do anything. You might get shot. Dog not on a leash? Fine by me. Carry on.

so you think because a #$%$ is in a wheelchair he can't be a killer?  thats all they know!

And the gun nuts think we should all be armed all the time......

Wow what a sick #$%$.I think I understand the rage management issues that put him in that chair....

Omg! Alaska is scary!  When I first got there I watched a poor man get jumped at the Fred Meyers for some cigs.  If you work in mental health or you are a physical trainer, you will make lots of money in Alaska.  There are a lot of people who drink heavy there as well.

Why would they need to keep Walmart closed? They have all the evidence already. Dude was in a motorized wheel chair, not like he was getting any where fast. 24 hrs means 24 hrs...walmart does need to hurry and restock all its bullet shelves.

Wow shot someone cause they tell u to put your service dog on a leash. Also wal mart stayed open i hope they do right by the manager and i hope he pulls through

This is an example of why I never go into a Walmart store

This perp must not be white---if he was white we'd see lots of pictures.

Wow what a sick #$%$.

Bwahahahahahaha!lol! That part about him trying to get away. Bwahahahahahahahahaha!

the article closes with a foresight about the victims death....how bout changing that to something like we hope he lives? whats with the pessimistical view

Walmart close because one of it's employees is shot--hah--never!Walmart close because one of it's employees is shot--hah--never!

"He said the family is upset that Walmart continued to do business after the shooting. "They just kept running like nothing even happened,"Of course.  Walmart doesn't care about it's employees.

A cop clocked him at 2 mph while making his getaway.

Another victim of obamas war on America.

Liberals hate the Second Amendment but they love Obama's drones.

What? You mean people get shot in states where everybody is packin' and all are allowed to carry cocealed? Holy crizzap. Where were the good guys? Not one good guy in the busiest store in town? I'm still waiting for one of the good guys with guns to come forward. I'm starting to think they don't exist.

Another "stand up" citizen.

The family seems to have misdirected anger.

and yet that dog still loves him.....

No, the law abiding gun owners think you have a right that shall not be infringed upon- and with that right comes responsibility. If you do something unlawful with a gun, we already have more than enough laws to deal with that. ;)Finally  an  NRA  member  whose legs  work as  well as his  brain.

Naturally Wal-Mart kept running, in fact they took advantage of the situation and built a display of bandages to make more money

walmart and guns what a fit .

Why are you fat #$%$ americans always shooting each other? Cowboys and gangsters the lot of ya

I hate going to that Wal-Mart....... There's always homeless drug addicts and other trash hanging around out front..... you can't enter or leave the store without them approaching you......  I never saw a need to carry a gun into the store but I certainly wouldn't blame someone else if they felt the need to carry their gun while going there!

People always go off the deep end, that is human nature.

That is  a shame smdh

Walmart Does Not Care!! They have to Continue Making Their Money. I use to work for one. LOl lol Haaaa Do you think a littleThing Like A wounded Employee would get in the Way??? "Please"

The Annual "end-o-winter-in-Alaska" story.

wal mart never closes would loose money  so the mang got shot  keep making money. Sam walton has turned over many times.They could have saved his legs, but no one knew how to correctly pronounce corpsman. ;)

Wow, some gen y got shot! Didn't see that one coming.

He had to have two guns to go to Walmart? The NRA must feel proud.

Anyone got a count of how many gun control laws failed to stop THIS shooting?

That's a horrible thing to do.  Service dogs are supposed to be on leashes. Hope he gets a long prison term.

Before this story is done the lib media will be claiming an assault rifle was used.

money money money- its all about the money- Walmart- shame on you... tight wad of a company- few benefits for workers, low pay, long hours, shootings in a store- gotta keep it open, gotta keep that cash coming in, never mind the workers, the people who saw the crime, gotta sell those cheap poisoned goods from China- stuff that harms the health of people- no wonder they stayed open- customers only matter if they buy toxic garbage that they sell. so why not keep the store open after a shooting.. i bet that manager will quit, if he survives, after he finds out - that they stayed open for business

Did wheelchair jim leave the assault rifle in his trunk?

the devil is behind all these shooting.  Jesus said in my name you will cast out demons.   apostolic pentcostal churchs  know how to get the power to stop these nuts.   be baptized in Jesus name and receive gods spirit and and cast out demons in jesus name. he left  the name for us to use.  acts 2 38  39    apostolic chruches are in your local phone book.      all true   dont miss it.

R WHITE PEOPLE CRAZY?! Message 2 Walmart CEO's: Make More HISPANIC Food Aisles ASAP! LATINOS make up 99% of your customers....OH! &amp; CHANGE Your Sign 2 READ...EL WALMART! DHS...BOW DOWN!Disagree with someone...shoot them? Monsters, they're everywhere.