Hacking is a world wide problem, not just for celebrities. Peoples lives can be and are ruined by ruthless hackers....laws need to be stronger. The media has not policed themselves, had they done so, perhaps this debate would not be taking place

A lot of people forgetting it wasn't just celebrities being hacked.  Does no one remember Milly Dowler?

Hacking is the wrong word, The correct word would be eavesdropping. Its hard for the gov. to accuse anyone of eavesdropping when they are spying on everyone here without a warrant.

We really should consider toughening up invasion of privacy laws and punishment specifically for hackers and paparazzi.

Don't let them hear this message over at Reuters!

hackers are evil and should be vaporized

This is just common decency.  Our world puts celebrities on a pedestal but they are just people who deserve respect!

same thing in the usa.

Governments are the biggest hackers. They are infinitely evil !!!

Murdoch is a hack.. Making money with no concern for truth or america..Put Rupert Murdock in JAIL.

But the British *love* hackers, and won't let them face justice for their crimes. Ask Gary McKinnon- he can tell you, if he's not too busy looking for Martians in other people's computers!

But the media being blindly devoted to a leader is okay?

Hugh Grant is still considered a celebrity in England?? Are you kidding me?

News Papers brought this on. Internet confirmed it

The governments does not care about the everyday person. When it comes to government operations or corporate operations then they take the pains to retrieve fines. But no help for the everyday person.

FIND these people and "go-for-the-jugular"!  Surely in this day and age there IS SOME WAY of tracking down the (people/country) that is responsible!

A lot of "hacked" off people right now.

Jail Murdoch and his bunch and be over with it.

Celebrities that use their name to help a cause are certainly wiser than some conservativevpolitical hack trying to please his corporate sugar daddies!Oh, please, if you've got more money than god, let it go!

Fire Piers Morgan and send him back for Parliamentary Investigation. I don"t care what he thinks about gun control, he was guilty of illegal phone hacking at Murdoch's NOTW when CNN stupidly hired him. He is bluffing his way on borrowed time.

I thought the Potter novels were a hack job?

British press seems more interested in ruining lives than in reporting.

Rather than looking for your nanny in London, how about demanding and using communication security?  Secure communications is possible.Where media, or anyone, intrudes beyond a reasonable expectation of privacy, find them guilty of violating privacy laws and sue them in civil court for valid damages.Make this better that #FirstWorldProblems and #Top1% ranting.

who cares???

sorry people i don't agree with this at all. real celebrity's have flaunted there bad behavior in front of the press for decades and a lot of there distaste for the media is hog wash.j k rolling and hue grant really. this is rediculas for this woman to be saying she feels hung out to dry.what has she or any other celebrity done to actually try and combat this so called problem other than cry about it.it looks like fiction is the only thing jk rolling is good at. no im not a fan of hers. she thinks she the queen of England since her harry potter books came and went. lots of celebrity's don't have these problems but some do .makes me think they are being targeted for a reason.the celebrity hacking that goes on i think is not good but people don't like it when you think your holy-er than thou when really your just the same only your wealthy know and you want to forget where you came from.i can sympathize with these hackers to a certain extent. these celebrity types get what they deserve when they look down on the rest of us working class people as there servants and not as people with lives to liv. jk rolling is like this as a lot of others like her so i don't feel sorry for her or any other celebrity that thinks as she does. just my opinion.

@ Marc    British royalty, actors and celebs are mobbed by British media regularly. J.K. Rowling and Hugh Grant aren't exactly average middle class. They're quite well off .... with millions in reserve. So the rich ARE being effected. Brits need to stop reading all the trash rags that fuel this disgusting feeding frenzy.

More leftist hypocracy: "Hooray for Wikileaks exposing national security info to terrorists and communists, but don't hack my personal stuff."

Hey tim - i'd treat that mutha freaking anger issue you have before you end up on the front page as another sick twist statistic!  Same to that peeze uv sheet raving child maniac,  rabinowitz.Permanent Incarceration for the Murdock Media Machine

I wonder who are they thinking of fining, the newspapers or the journalist or others that did the illegal act.  A newspaper would eventually go out of business if they had to take the rap for every employee that does something illegal.

Execute Mohammed MurdochThe world will be a better place.

"The Conservative-led government says it will propose a new press watchdog with the power to levy fines of up to 1 million pounds..."1 million pounds of what?{sarcasm}

It is only important when the filthy rich are effected

they should send all of the media to Iran best place for them !!!!!!

My daughter elizabeth would like her stolen money back too!! I know the people in london can just ruthless!!!! My family is for her!!! God said, "thou shall not steal!" she is not the devil!! Learn how to use your head!! I dont like all your christian hospials of wizard and destorys peoples souls and psychology,etc!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

&lt;PHOTO&gt; That is one mean looking herpies sore on her lower lip.

Freedom of the press does not include libel, slander, slanting the coverage, lawbreaking, or violating the rights of others.Celebrities should have no say in the outcome, because they have no special standing.Hackers should be made to pay for ALL of the damage they cause.

Aaron Swartz was unavailable for comment.The employers of the hackers had to foot multi-million dollar settlements because of the acts of their wayword employees.  Nobody asked the employees to break the laws, and they knew better.  News of the World was closed because of those bad employees.

I agree with most of the post but sometimes I can't help but think of the dumb #$%$ that let Rowlings go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also the woman that took him in after the billion he lost!!!!!!!!!!!

Don't hack down letting victims.  Seriously.

Why hide the truth if you have NOTHING TO HIDE?EVERYTHING should be PUBLIC KNOWLEDGE!EVERYTHING!

uuhhhaa~ any thing you say, you sexy little darling. just you pull my strings, i'll do anything, i'm your puppet. my nane is "snuggles" baby-blue. would you like to?

i would do her.

I'm witing for the hackers to fix my credit dqamaged by the Gvt incorrect records, then I will pretend to cry about it.

Shes purdy, i'd do whatever she axed me to

It's the freedom of the press

hey sans, learn to write properly, folk MIGHT take some notice of what you say then.why should'nt i be angry, i have paid ALL MY taxes for 38 years of hard work, your american #$%$ firm warner has extracted at least a billion pounds from uk government, she is just a talentless thief who has evaded tax, even though she has never worked for it.by the way, i have papers from tavistock centre in london that say i am perfectly sane, so up yours you f.ing #$%$, go screw yer sister.There is a very easy way to solve this issue without government intervention. For the average person to admire what celebs do on screen, on song, etc., but not obsess over every aspect of their private lives. I don't personally see the draw. I'll spend, say, 1 1/2 to 2 hrs enjoying a movie, but once the movie is over, I have my own life to go back to and have no interest in knowing what the stars of that movie I just watched are doing otherwise.

REgretfully, hackers and hacking is a worldwide issue and a special court should be organized to deal specifically with it. New laws should be aimed at hackers and hacking with heavy fines and jail time, and put an end to the stealing.

Am one amoung,

l ilk this picture but how can freind with this wuman.

another group that has it's hands where they shouldn't be...

Hugh Grant looks hacked off.

No

Wish we could get some action on the intrusiveness of the liberal press in the US.

Looks like we know one of the industries that has bought out the Brits government

Funny how people, especially celebrities are portrayed as highly intelligent &amp; offer their wisdom to those of us "regulars". Money doesn't make ANYONE smarter, nor does it make you better. Actually, it's just the opposite most of the time...What is that obvious red line around this chicks head and neck.  Was this photo of head attached to a different body?

HI , With my hope . For you

JK looks tappable in this photo

uk citizen to j k ripoff and warners, try paying the taxes that your meant to.if she had not got warners vast resources behind her, she would be in a uk court facing charges of plagarism, fraud, conspiracy to defraud and tax evasion and that would just be the start.she is a talentless theiving #$%$ who will get her come uppance one day , the karma wheel will get her yet, and her revolting loathsome brats.

So the Queen of Pulp Fiction is now offering expertise on computer hacking? LOL!

let's ask al gore did he not invent the internet ??

Waaaah, I was hacked.  I hope you don't get the seats wet in your private jet.

WHO the heck CARES about what that EVIL WOMEN thinks?!!

Ms. Rowling is looking quite fetching these days.

She is richer than Murdoch and more popular and could bring down the government, if the conservatives are not careful.IgcodffjzraupdayyldzYDrisddt

Yeee-haaawww

Victims, victims..............victims. everyone wants to be a victim.

There is a delicate balance on a VERY WOBBLY wire between Freedom of Speech and Freedom of Privacy. Policing the Media is tricky. Where does Freedom end and Repression begin?

It is funny to hear the rich and famous and powerful whine. The average person is ignored, but these people expect their #$%$ to be kissed.  On the other hand, because the average person is ignored, it is not a bad idea that these people whine.  They may be able to get something done.

J K is looking pretty hot these days....