A good move. protect the rights of residents against HOA muscle

Huray for sanity.

What it shows is Home owner Associations are run by little "HITLERS"

They should ban homeowner's associations.

I could be a homeowner's association's worst nightmare!!!

And yet we call ourselves a free country! Even we paid off all our mortgages, we still did not own our home! The Home owner association and the state own them! It is a scam!

All states should require this. Grass may be nice looking, but for the most part is not natural and eats up a lot of water, as well as polluting local streams/lakes from fertilizer and weed/bug killers. In a western state, the pebble or lava rock landscaping looks a lot better anyway. If you need grass, don't move to the desert

Many subdivisions require a certain portion of your yard be grass, which is not drought resistant.   THis law would allow homeowner's to tell the local cities or HOA's to f--- off!

Home Associations are terrible.

States are just big HOAs. There seems to be a disconnect with many in the comments.I find it interesting that so many hate HOA's but seem not to flinch at larger governments. HOA's are the smallest form of political government similar to a 'state'. They are defined by geographic boundaries and their rules only apply within the given community. It would be fantastic to have the same option with government that we have with HOA's, live up the street where there is none and not have to be bothered by busybodies. However, no matter where you move, you have large HOA's we know as government, filled with a different variety and more accomplished busybodies.

Around here we have cities/counties just as bad as any HOA.

It is about time that the whole US should do this.  Mowing, watering, fertilizing what?  A lawn of grass which can not be eaten by anyone.  Grow food, get artificial turf, put in butterfly, hummingbird,  honeybee friendly plants.

Are you watching this Florida legislators????  Time for you to follow suit before our Aquifer goes further into the toilet .....

I'm in a HOA and believe me giving people a little authority goes to their heads and turns them into Napoleons of worse. Kind of like your congressional "representatives".

Some HOAs are reasonable, some are not. Remember that the residents vote in the people running the HOA. Because of apathy, this tends to be the same people year in and out. If you are not involved, then you really shouldn't complain.

Why would anybody pay their hard earned money just to be told how to live by a stranger?

The weeds in my front yard are fairly drought resistant. They die every June, and come back every March.

HOA's should be banned. Only Federal, state and city laws should be upheald not little fifedoms..... It is bad enough for profit corporations run our country the way it is yet you people continue to give away your freedoms.....  Silly sheeples...

Who buys in an HOA?  They are total tards!!!Las Vegas had to change their laws regarding water saving landscaping long ago. Here in Corpus Christi, we are already over 30 inches below average rainfall for the last 30 months, water rationing will just get more stringent with the drought getting worse and the heat of the last 3 years setting records every month. Whatever Texas does to get more water, the State and County and City Governments are selling out access to water with every new business and recreation facility that gets permits to build here in a historically drought stricken area. Lawns are the last thing the City heirachy thinks about when a big building project starts courting the local politicians. Good Luck Texas

Plant a landscape that needs a lot of water and in a drought you will have no landscaping ... even if the legislature doesn't like it

That is one of the smartest bills to come out of the Texas State legislature in a long while. Not only does it begin to curb the fascist powers of HOAs, it conserves water and will promote natural landscaping that mimics the Texas state. I LIKE IT !!!

Another reason not to live somewhere with an HOA

Texans are so tough, they don't even need water.

Anything to screw with the HOA...

Good fishing holes up here in Colorado are being drained so people can water their lawns downstream. I'd rather keep good fishing holes than look at lush green grass.

So what these lawns going to look like?  What are they planting?  Is it astroturf?

That's great but there are always ways to use less water.

I live in a HOA--love it--at least we dont have trash homes and trash neighbors--if you want to live in a garbage pit--so be it--just not in my neighborhood.  A point, when you have no water, then its best to landscape accordingly.Before one moves into a many neighborhoods, a contact is signed with the buyer agreeing to abide by rules set up by the association.  After agreeing to these rules, and believe that one should be expected to followed through and abide by these rules.  Personally, I don't want some guy leaving a truck on blocks in his driveway for six months.If you don't like the rules, then don't buy in that neighborhood.  If you make a promise, then live with it.

Much like they do in Florida already. In many neighborhoods, you will see well manicured natural landscapes of different types of palms, rocks, sand and shell along with other forms of local fauna. It's all water wise landscaping.

SAD that it took a State Law to do it though.

Only in the U.S. where these homeowner association devils exist do we need permission to plant sage brush in our own lawns.  They need to outlaw these worthless homeowner associations.  #$%$, plain and simple.

At the rate the Ogallala Aquifer is being depleted, this is a great idea ( sarcasm ).

It seems to me we are becoming afraid of individualism.  We need to be part of a group, association, or other system where we are not totally responsible for our choices and ESPECIALLY to control other peoples' choices.  Bloomberg is an example of a leader voted in to remove choice form the populace because they are not smart enough to make their own.  Sad!

HOAs - a great tool for intolerant busybodies to take out their frustrations on their neighbors.

HOAs are fascist empires run by power mad dweebs.

This is a good move.  Xeriscaping should be employed everywhere!  Water is precious and watering a lawn is really undesirable in a dry climate or in drought.

I choose to live in an unzoned rural area with no police protection and a volunteer fire and rescue dept.  I want as little government as I can get.  i have a well and septic system so I dont have that political foot ball either.  I find it interesting that those sho tire of living in that type of enviroment move to an area like mine and want to start doing the things that they moved away from.  Colorado and some of the western states are being taken over by people that want to bring the failed policies of Cal to their new homes!about time!

Water ETFs: The Next Commodity? This article was on Yahoo finance today and is worth reading after this article. The U.S. is the only country the will fertilize and water grass just to mow it. Other countries have gardens that might need water and fertilizer but they don't have to mow and waste gas amongst other things. These gardens replenish the air we breathe more than grass.

Artificial Turf?

This is really gonna tic off some HOA.  Especially the Woodlawns near Houston and Lakeway near Austin.  Both just a bunch of Republicans that want to tell you what to do on your own property.

you mean to tell me they have to think about something sensible?......or are they trying to think up something devious-to counter act-sanity!

I thought nobody restricted anyones rights in Texas.

Dont paint that door purple or your outta here seig heil

people where I live water their lawn a few have sprinkler systems would not waste one drop of water on this nonsense the grass grows dormant during a drought looks dead [good] dont have to cut it then when the rain comes its green again just like nature intended plus the water bills must be sky high better things to spend money on like a xtra large coffe every day!

My HOA does not contain such a provision. But the water company and their extremely high water rates almost guarantee a low water maintenance lawn. That and the rocks the developer left under the thin shroud of grass initially planted.

I suppose HOA's are great for some people. I am to right brained to be able to live on myself.HOAs- The Muslim jihadis of the Home Ownership world!

It always amazed me that people would give up their property rights to live in a plan governed by an association. I guess style is most important to some.

Now we need a similar law to prevent HOA's from blocking homeowners from installing home electric generation.

I have property.  No chance I would live in an area with a HOA.  Did it once.  Hated it.

90 percent of Austin was originally prickly pear and mesquite.  then stupid white folk came in and decided to bring St Augustine from Houston where it rains every afternoon or Bermuda from Dallas where they have loose, sandy soil.

I live in Fla and we get enough rain most years but when we don't we go on water restrictions. I moved here knowing this. People you live in Texas and I've been there and grass would not grow in most areas without humans. Plant the native plants and the hell with the HOA

I prefer the xeric approach with all native plants, and little mowing.

I just "love" HOAs. Note, there is no sarcasm font, but if there were, that last sentence with be in BOLD SARCASM.

Know the HOA rules BEFORE you buy and don't complain after! I agree with Sen. Watson about drought-tolerant landscaping but if you buy the place you buy the HOA too.

anyone that would buy a house in a community that has a HOA could live comfortably in north korea. hoas can ki$$ my aze . you will NEVER get power over me.All Hank wants to know is. How does this affect his Kentucky bluegrass?

How about drafting plans to ban NAZI HOA's from existence?

WOW! Texas actually doing something smart for the people for once.

We are now the Land of the Fee and the Home of the Slave.

Do "lawns" include bushes and trees? I am in the richest community in town. They even regulate tree and bush types for different subdivision of the community!

LOL, Looks like Gov Rick's prayer option has fizzled...Finally recognizes the the need for good old fashioned infrastructure...And where's that vaunted Texas free enterprise when it come to scrounging up water...No good old boys from Enron ready to tackle this? huh...So instead Gov Rick gonna have government provide water resources...Gov Rick, you becoming a Godless Commie....LOL...You are definitely a giant hypocrite though!!!

Why do you dummies sign these agreements to start with?

HOA's are a good thing if not taken to far...I'm thankful for ours or some of our neighbors would never take down their xmas lights, and those pink sheets in the window would never come down!  It's to help maintain homeownes value of their property.

are they using green rocks

That's a no-brainer.  Every state should pass such a law in the name of freedom and conservation.Little people often strive for power over others, so they seek out specific jobs to feed their thirst, home owners assoc leadership is one of them. Not always, but often. Rules keep growing and they get more illogical. Unfortunately if you don't have one you will often get a junk yard next door. Ha!

dont buy a house in a neighborhood that has a hoa the residents should be allowed to maintain their neighborhood how they see fit as long as it doesnt infringe on surrounding neighborhoods

AKA rocks and concrete

...you know , even in Texas....we think of our legislature as concentrating on rather ....obscure points of law....thank goodness we only have our state government meet every 2 years...instead of yearly....

water.  there will be war over it in time.

Finally, some intelligent legislation and it came from the state of Texas. Take note you liberal losers.

HOA's are notorious for overstepping its authority. But, on the other hand, so are crazy neighbors who can decline an entire block's resale value with its hair-brained ideas to their house.

About time HOA's got a thumping. They have their uses but like unions, they have overstepped the original intent and have become mother may I housing in some places.

A strike against the HOA #$%$... I love it!

I cannot understand how people can live in such a restricted environment but they made their choice when they bought the property.  I am kind of surprised that this legislation passed in Texas but I guess the underlying cost of water prompted it.If you don't like HOA rules don't buy there. It's like going to a church and you don't like the singing so go somewhere else. I don't like HOA neighborhoods so I live in the country. If I have junky neighbors they live far enough away not to bother me.

Does this mean I can concrete in my lawn and install Astroturf like the Brady Bunch lawn?

what the?!?!with everything else that's going on .....

Never Have, Never Will live by someone else's order on how and what I can do with my yard, HOA can bite me. Sad there has to be another law for common sense.

Florida need to pass the same law we have St Augustine drink water like there is no tomorrow.

I am going to pee on a texas lawn when I am there in June.

If your worried about your grass, don't live in a place where it's prone to not having any!

This is the type of #$%$ we worry about in Texas. The other 49 states must think Texas is a bunch of hicks.

ban all hoa's

I am the HOA in my neighborhood. It's my 16 acres and if you don't like it look the other direction.HOAs are one of the worst things we have ever allowed to come into existence. They bog down the court system and bully people about their own personal property. Hell would freeze over before I would move into one.

I hate HOAs.  Who the h e l l came up with the idea of paying a company money to tell you what you can and cannot do to the house you live in.  HOAs are communism at its finest

They just keep building down here, water shortages, watering restrictions and electrical rolling brown outs

We could always just "Pray" for rain!

Federal,State,and city law,s home owner,s association,s and you think you live in a free country,,freedom is to do what you want,when ever you want,any law that tell,s you what you can and can not do is not freedom..

I have never understood how it made sense for HOAs in desert states to be able to require that your lawn be verdant green in a place where there's little or no rain. With all the water difficulties some of the southwestern localities have, you'd think there'd be an active push for more water-conservative lawns, rather than the other way around...

How generous of them to allow us to decide for ourselves on our own property [sarcasm]. Freedom means choosing for oneself!

Oh yeah!!! Our government has given us permission to landscape our yards a particular way. F-off government, HOA and any other Agenda21, NWO cronies. Don't ask permission from them, it just bolsters their control over you.

The Texas Water Development Board estimates the state needs to spend $53 billion over the next 50 years to meet the state's growing demand for water.(Whoops. There goes that rainy day fund money.)

Cacti are nice!Google or You Tube Cody Lundin. He's an awesome conservationist that lives completely off the grid and is totally self reliant.

you mean to tell me you have to pass a law to save water,  WOW

many places in Texas have lawns using Bermuda grass.....it needs practically no water but is very invasive if not  strictly contained.either that or another common practice for people with money to burn is to spray paint the brown dead grass a rich dark green. you have to be crazy to live in a house where other people can control how you use it and what you do with it.why allow yourself to be put in such a situation?

HOA's have too much power.  I'm glad I bought an older home whose Deed Restrictions have long since expired.  Our neighborhood is well kept without the HOA's Gestapo.

News Flash - Bloomberg to ban water

As someone who doesn't own a home, but dreams of owning one oneday, what is the deal on HOAs? Why would anyone work so hard to own a home, only to have a group of snobby a/holes telling them what they may or may not do with their property? And why would anyone want to spend good money to own a home that looks almost identicle to their neighbors? Why are people letting themselves get screwed like this?

hahaha...while other states are busy telling people what they can't do, Texas is busy making sure we can do what we want to do.  I love this State.

We are taking our HOA to court for selective enforcement, non-enforcement, misfeasance, malfesence and non-feasence and just plain arrogance.HOAs should be outlawed!

One day ALL landscaping will be natural Texas plants to this environment. NO tropical plants or water intensive grass like St. Augustine.

This is what happens when your state has been drilled for every drop of oil possible. It's a shame, because it's going to strain their water and their budget. 4 billion more per year to maintain Texas's lawns is going to hurt their state and their water sources!!!!From what I've seen of Rick Perry, it would not be surprising to see him veto something that would be enviromentally friendly.

Why would any HOA deny approval of a drought resistance turf ??  I guess common sense does not always prevail on these boards.....however, 1 BIG problems with HOA's is that they are usually run by volunteer members of the community who are not educated well enough in the operation of the community (why? because no one else in the community wants to volunteer). The volunteers in many cases outsource the true management of the community to a management company and do not establish their proper boundaries of enforcement between the covenants and the contract of the management company.  Anyway, most residents of a community do not really care to help on the board but have no problem griping about problems.

If the plants are anything that Monsanto created I would opt not to .. those plants are killers ...

This is just a bill passed to deal with the drought conditions that we get into the last few summers here. I like a nice green lawn too but I cannot go without drinking water!

The "water baron lobby" is not amused!

Texas will bake again this summer. Maybe the yokels will accept what NASA and the scientific community say about global warming once their lakes are gone and their front yards catch fire. NAH, they will likely continue to listen to the AM radio guy.

Totally ridiculous law.  Next they will pass a law that you don't have to pay your homeowners association assessments.  If you dont like your HOA then get involved and do something about it rather than sitting back and complaining.

How about a bill that will let Texas homeowners fly the American flag? Most HOAs in Texas ban flying the flag.My 8O year old mom was fined $200 by her HOA for flying the flag on Memorial Day. I guess Texas hates anything "American" since Rick has threatened secession?

They mean drought resistant LANDSCAPING not lawns. There is no critter called a drought resistant lawn(yet), BUT King Obama may rule that we must make one out of thin air.

Anyone who buys a home with a HOA is either, happy with being told what and when and where to with their own possesions or just an idiot. In either case they deserve what they have as they have accepted it.Lawn care is the #1 industry in America soon to be the biggest industry in the world. The banks and their puppet governments are behind this scheme. The cost to us, everything. Enjoy your lawns because that is all you will have left.

Now the government can regulate our property?

Texas is in the middle of a desert, why anyone would try and ban the natural environment seems a bit odd to me.

HOAs are run by little napoleon complex people who get off at teh thought of being able to control YOUR biggest investment in life - your home! HOAs should be OUTLAWED! Why should they be allowed to dictate how you use your property?! I can't have more than ONE CAR in my driveway overnight. I have TWO kids. When they are of driving age, do I have to sell my home and move out because of the HOA!?!? It's nuts...

amazing that in our country, we need permission from the government on what landscaping we can have....

Homeowner Associations are all communist organizations.

This type of tryanical bulling is rampant in developments with associations.Development or not. it is your home and you pay the bills not the bunch of egotisical stuffed shirts on a two-bit assoc. board. These Assoc. Have way too much power and need to be knocked sown a peg or two. There has to be a federal law that prohibits out of control and binding by-laes made up by the few that infringe on the American dream of home ownership. When you pay my bills and put food on my tabel then and only then will you be able to tell me what i can and cannot do on MY property.

A couple things about HOAs:First, who do you think is maintaining all that landscaping around your neighborhood in public areas or that park down the street. And, who do you think is keeping some #$%$ clan from putting a pickup on blocks in front of their house, having junk cars all over their lawns, and chugging down a 6-pack on that torn up sofa on their front porch with Hank Williams blaring out of the house? That's right, the HOA.Second, no one in this country ever bought a property without knowing that there is an HOA in place and what the rules are (that's a seller disclosure and the seller must provide a copy of the CC&amp;Rs). If you don't like the rules, don't buy the property. And, if you did buy the property, and don't like the rules or how they're enforced, run for HOA member and work toward getting the rules changed. Otherwise, quit yer #$%$.

Uh, who took their rights away in the first place?

BAN HOAs!I have a friend that lives in Mission Viejo behind one of those gates communities and has to deal with a homeowners association. This is how petty they can be: He wanted to paint the trim around the house. He took a sample can of paint that was left by the previous owner to HD and they matched it. He painted the trim and the next thing was a letter from the HOA telling him he had not painted the correct color and it must go or else. He went up against them, showing them the color was the same as the old paint and of course, you never win. The HOA is comprised of people who are never wrong.

Football turf

But global warming is a myth--Rick Perry says so. Veto it Rick.

Will Perry veto this and instead implore people to pray the drought away?

HOA's need to accept the way things are...  drought resistant landscape makes perfect sense, the average home owner in this tight economy is not going to water is lawn, it isn't raining, stop trying to force home owners into "green" lawns!  It is sad that it takes a law to force HOA's to change.

Oh the horror!!!!!  Government encroachment on our lawn rights.  I think a constitutional amendment on our right to keep and bear lawns needs to be passed.  Those pro government types will stop at nothing.

hoa are those folks in jr high that had the little orange crossing guard belts.

I hate the Damn HOA would have never moved to where i live if i would have known how they operate.

Really, there was a need for a bill for this!  HOA's are out of control!

as long you dont mess with my guns ... water all the plants you wnat.Who needs big government, we can buy botled water..let a private politically connected compnay provide water .. They do everthing better and cheaper.  hahhahhhahahah   yes they pay less and charge more.

We need this in Colorado too........and also a complete ban on all those THOUSANDS of acres of grass along sidewalks and streets.

Those who hate HOA's are the same folks that we don't want in our neighborhood.  If one wants a chain link fence and a vinyl storage barn, I fully support your right to live elsewhere.My neighbors and I, however, have all agreed against chain linked fences and vinyl storage barns when we signed the agreement prior to moving here.

screw HOAs.  nothing but power hungry introvert nosey neighbors.

this is a very good bill... watering lawns with drinking water is a complete waste of resources creating all kinds of environmental problems esspecially during a drought

Homeowner Association's, the bane of modern society!

oh they would hate me.... i figure if they want to make my house payments, then they should have a say, other than that thy just busy bodies..

Homeowners Associations suuuuuuck.

WATER DESALIENIZATION PLANTS ALL ALONG OUR COASTLINES ARE NECESSARY,WITH WATER PIPELINES TO DISTRIBUTE AS NEEDED INLAND, built along the right-of way of our NATION's HIGHWAYS ...  duh ?

Hey Texas, have you ever heard of a Rock Garden?Just Sayin!don't buy a house where u havta deal w' an HOA in the first effen place! yo?

Thumbs UP!

Why would you live anywhere that has a home owners association.  It's usually the nastiest people in the neighborhood telling you what color you are allowed to paint your front door.No Thank You

What they REALLY need to do is allow homeowners to break away from HOAs completely if most of the people in them want out.

I went into my HOA office with a .357 on my hip and no one argued once with me. Nevada is an open carry state, and the people who run HOA's are Liberal cowards. Most people who try to bully someone else are.

HOAs have demanded lawns be kept green during extreme drought conditions when watering is limited to once per week.  Residents are caught between exorbitant HOA fines for not keeping lawns green enough, and local government fines for not following watering limitations.  When your normal rainfall is 32 inches and you get half that amount you cannot maintain an emerald sward.

Drought resistant....Cacti and tumbleweeds and rock sculptures.  Then you can let your pet rock loose in the yard too ;)

I was involved with the Gestapo before a.k.a HOA. They actually measured a broom on the back porch which stuck up over the railing 4" and fined me. They had Homeowners sqealing on one another for the most trivial of by law violations. So when the Condo Complex was Underwater, I walked away like so many others have and the last time I drove past it, it looked like section 8 housing. The HOA ran good folks off and now the whole complex looks like New Jack City!

Let me guess. The Texas plan involves drilling to find more water instead of measures to save water. Soon they are going to have to dig REAL deep and steal water from China.

Assuming the bill is written well and not full of nonsense, sanity has prevailed.I'd live in a cardboard box under a bridge before I'd live in a fancy house controlled by an HOA.

In Texas, the Home Owner Associations have the power of a village, town, city.  They can foreclose on a person and take his/her home for not paying the Annual Maintenance fee. They can control renovations and modifications the home owner makes outside the home and inside the home.  They control every aspect of the home and yard.  They are like the GESTAPO of NATZI Germany.  They have too much power.  Examples:  They would fine a home owner for planting native Texas grasses and plants that are drought resistant if the original yard was St. Augustine grass.  Solar Power and/or Wind Power...forget it!  They aren't interested in the home owner being GREEN for power!  WATER USE....will this is the kicker!  Keep your yards looking lush and green even if you have to spend 100's of dollars in water bills each month to maintain the yard.  And if your yard dies because of the drought....they will send you threatening certified letters in the mail until you resod your yard with grass and shrubs that are not drought tolerant.  They want lush green yards that use 1000's of gallons of water each month.  I know first hand.  During the drought and even last summer I was spending upwards to $200 each month to save my trees, shrubs and grass.And if you don't play by their association rules, they can legally take your house away from you.Like I said above......TOO MUCH POWER!  And they are the GESTAPO!

These HOA'S have to much power---there should be more restrictions put on them as to what they tell homeowners to do.

gov. perry has 3 things to say about that... one is...ughhhh  ughhhh.. I'll have to get back with  ya on that... oppssss

Someone should take a look to see the relationship between the homeowners association and the water company.

I cannot imagine living and being under so much control that a HOA can dictate how you landscape. Next big gumment will tell you that you have to cough up that gun, because it is scary looking.

They don't like Willie's green grass in Texas either. We should give it back to Mexico.

Texas is in the middle of a two year drought and the homeowner's gorups are more worried about appearance than saving water? Good lord, what a bunch of idiots!

Why would anyone buy a home in a HOA community? They seem to be a big thing down south.Thankfully,they are a rare thing here in New England,It's bad enough having to put up with idiotic rules from state and federal governments,never mind a bunch of blowhard pompus home owners.

Its amazing that this actually has to be put into law. Its #$%$ for people in Texas to have grass lawns, where no grass grew before. Just put natural rock down for a yard and be done with it. Put some cactuses in the yard and be done with it. No wonder they are short on water, when they are putting it on grass that should have never been there in the first place.Nevada has had that law for years.

Tip #1Do not buy a house where you answer to a Home owners association.

Now how about composite fencing instead of that stupid cedar that needs to be replaced?

I dont understand why anyone with the money to own a home that is in an area that has an HOA would want to live like packed sardines in a neighborhood where all the homes look the same. This is exactly the reason im in a rural area in a home just as nice and no one tells me what I can and cant do on my own property. God I would love to hear them scream when I fire up the race car!!

As CARM said, HOA's have a good side.  Right now, I live in an area where there is no control, and the nice homes are being flanked by garbage dumps.

I know its expensive but we really need to invest in huge water desalinization plants.  A state that sits on the ocean shouldn't be hurting for water.  Will it be expensive yes but its a reality we are going to have to accept when we are getting less and less rain.

Sand &amp; gravel.

WOW you have to have permission....... what a load of......

Seriously, the time for  homeowners' associations has come and gone! The LAST thing we need today is one more level of narcissistic ego maniacs telling us what we can and can not do with OUR OWN PROPERTY!!!       HEY  HOA's across the country,   FVK YOU!!!!!

Why would anybody buy or build a house in an area run by a home owners association? These people thirst for power because they have none anywhere else. So, they run roughshod over people who own their homes. Buy your own property and build on it and let the HOA's go to hell.for all you HOA haters, lawn decorations do not include cars on blocks and sofas. Yeah, if you live in my neighborhood your gonna do what I tell you to do.....or it will cost you

I hate HOA's and I will never buy where there is one again!!!!!!!!!!!

Finally, something to take those HOA jerkwads down several notches!!

who wants to be part of an HOA in the first place

What is Texas the Nanny State?  Who needs the government to tell them what kind of Lawn one an have?

TOO BAD WE CANT STARVE GOVERNMENT THE SAME WAY!

Ha ha! Texas has turned into a Nanny State!

Who needs a lawn? A couple of rusting car bodies, auto parts, broken appliances, and pink flamingos, can be tastefully placed in front of any Texas property.

LawnZenGarden has some good articles on conserving water in landscaping and different grass species available.

Refuse to buy a home that is subject to a Home Owners Association.HOA's are one reason I moved to the country where I can do what I want.  Living is a lot more relaxed without worrying about kooks and nuts telling me what I can plant where and lots of other crazy things that go along with cookie cutter house subdivisions.  Living in a free area where everyone has multi-acre lots is a better way of life, only restrictions here is that a house must be permanent (no trailers) and meet minimum square foot requirements (money invested will indirectly drive maintaining property value)

Do away with home owner asociations!  They are little despots!

I grew up in US city where we most all took pride in our homes and keeping them clean andbeautifully taken care and no need for such HOA to tell us how to maintain good standardsand the funds to have to pay for this.

Homeowner associations, a concept brought from out of state, demonstrates the inability of a committee to adapt to changing circumstances.  Being raised in Texas, I refused to purchase a home where someone else can tell me what to plant, when to mow and how to live.Yankee, leave your bad ideas at home!  Don't you remember why you left in the first place?

Carpet Cactus! I'm not kidding! Escobaria sneedii. It's an endangered species native to the Chihuahuan Desert. Makes the tree lovers happy, easy no water lawn, and keeps the neighbor's dog from $#!+ing in your yard.

HOA's can be a homeowners worst nighmare.  They have power that we only wish we had, on the other hand, they try and keep uniform ''stuff'' in tact, having said that, the people who refuse to go by the rules, ie: mow their lawns, keep the property clean etc..those people are going to defy ''gravity'', at that point the HOA's have little power, except to file a law suit, and that takes forever,providing the HOA/subdivision has the money to pay their lawyers,  leaving the subidivision in disarae, as far as that particular house or houses. HOA's are out to make money, period...some of things they do that chaps my____, is people who try, and for the most part keep their property in tact, but they leave a trash can out, over night..the people falls ill, can't mow the lawn every week, however...the HOA will send out certified letters , regular letters..all at the cost of the homeowners...and they'll chg. up to $25.00 --$50.00 to mail a registered letter, just a for example, why send the registered letter in the 1st place?, guess that's one way of the HOA's making their profits...I could go on and on..guess have their purposes, but bottom line is if someone refuses to take care of their property, the HOA's, have little power, considering the subdivisions have control of what and how much they spend, usually not enough for a high priced lawyer...my story and I'm stick'in to it.

xeriscaping...landscapes with little or no grass

Wow. Texas has a eco-friendly and common sense idea. Good for them.

Home Owners Associations are a necessity to keep the morons and idiots from destroying property values by doing things like: dumping a clunker car on the curb because they don't want it in their driveway and their garage is full of !@#$; letting the lawn get full of weeds and dandelions; getting 8 roommates in a 3 bedroom home that's zoned single-family residential; starting a lawn mower and small engine repair shop from the garage, where the whine of engines can be heard at all hours of the day and night; etc etc.HOA's only exist because of all the problem neighbor's in the past. People that don't like HOA's are the reason we -need- HOA's.NUFF SAID!

Massacre the HOA with your mighty guns, NRA nuts.Of course an intelligent resistant state government &amp; governor would pass such legislation.  Save the faux!!!

HOA's suck!

Its not I could be it is I am a home owners associations worst night mare. They are like their own little goverment banning anything a select few doesnt like.Telling you its not good to plant this or that and you cant have more than a strand of Xmass lights and how to decorate and how you have to live .They remind me of a small communist country in some areas.

desalination is perfect for texas, just make the plants huricane proof

Why we needs laws for this? You buy your property it is yours. My like one going  pepple rocks in front and back yard. Tire of weeding and paying a water bill.!

As long as Rick Perry is the Governer of this State, it will always be lookedupon as a big Joke.

Perry's signature? How long does it take to write an X.

Can someone come forward to lead a nationwide campaign for dismantling the HOA for good? You have federal, state, and municipal regulations for land use.  There is no needs for HOA to impose additional land use regulations.  They can maintain some social functional activities.

You know HOA's is something that sould be banned... if you own a home, you sould be allowed to landscape any way you like, what is wrong that. I look at iit this way, if I decide to to but a few boulders, some pebble rocks, and plant my yard with wild flowers and blue bonnets, I would like to see the HOA, tell me to cut the out. HOA are a scam anyway, to tell me I need my property to be so many sq ft, so much brick face on outside, and has to be a certain color or I can not or I can not build it,   I have some property at a local lake, I bought to be close to the lake on weekends, but HOA tells me that the house has to be apprased at a certain price or they will not aprove it.   give me a break I just want to spend the week end there not have a second morgage. on something I will spend 4 to 8 days a month at.

Does this really mean GMO grass that could destroy the environment like an invasive species??My neighborhood is upscale and the yards are immaculate. Our neighborhood has a well system that furnishes water to all residents for landscape use. The North Texas area I live in has water restrictions because the huge demands exceed the ability of the cities system to supply enough water to keep sufficient pressure during peak usage. I think we have a unique solution and our HOA manages the usage and maintenance of it. The cost of the water and well usage is included in the yearly dues. We love having one of the most beautiful places in North Texas to live.

Not all HOAs are bad (although I’m sure that many have earned their nasty reputation).  I actually like my HOA - they help keep my property values up - they aren't all control freaks.  My house is a big investment - I want it to keep its value.  I have actually owned a few houses and have been more on the opposite side of the coin as I didn’t think they were doing enough to enforce some of the rules and regulations.  Sorry, but I want my neighbor to keep their lawn mowed and their trash cans put up unless it’s trash day.  I don’t want a car on blocks in the driveway, old newspapers on the lawn, etc. – all of these things are detrimental to property values.And for those who don't pay the HOA fees –yes, everyone comes upon hard times.  But is it right that the rest of us pay for the communities amenities and someone else not pay what they agreed to when they bought in?  It isn’t an overnight process to foreclose on a house – most of the time, if someone is that far behind on their annual assessments, they are behind on the mortgage as well – it’s only a matter of time before the bank comes in.If you can't afford to pay the fees for the pool, the common areas to be mowed, the street lights to be on, etc., and wish to leave your car on blocks in the driveway and keep livestock, then live elsewhere – don’t move in next door to me!

Making laws trying to regulate every second of our lives. This just shows our worship of law

Any blow against the petty authoritarianism of Home Owner's Associations is a blow for liberty. I've heard horror stories about HOAs in Florida...they won't even permit home owners to choose which kind of grass they grow. Grass-growing is water expensive ... and it sounds like Texas, against all odds, is actually doing something right.

A big lie in America: that we OWN property.  No we don't.  Even if you pay off the mortgage...you still pay taxes and HOA fees.  Something you have to keep paying for to keep it isn't ownership.  It's called renting.  We are MANAGERS of land in America for the real owner, which is gov.  Try not paying taxes or HOA fees and see what happens.

Common sense!

There have been drought conditions in Texas on and off for the last 10 years.  It's about time  Perry's brain trust has decided to deal with it, especially considering the urban sprawl which is accepted and encouraged throughout the state...  Having grown up in TX, I've watched it all happen.  Lots of people will complain about the cost, but my guess is that TX spends way more than $1B per year on freeway expansion.

Meanwhile in Saudi Arabia, gasoline is cheaper than water. The world is doomed.

My HOA is very flexible, but I know many are not.  This is a good bill.  It is crazy that so many people waste so much water on their landscaping.  At least those who want to opt out will be able to.

People, this has nothing to do with protecting people against a tyrranical HOA. This is about the state saving money providing water for all those lawns.Holy cow - something from Texas that makes sense.

absolutely a good move on the part of the legislature! Now if they will adress some of the stupid laws and motions they are considering this session,maybe we will get some meaningful bills passed!

it wont help no water no life too little too late

Xeriscapes are easier to maintain.  You don't have to mow ornamental gravel and it doesn't look sketchy and neglected quite so quickly.

Well provided you don`t have someone growing cactus that can spread all over the place . People ..... a little brain power can go along way in this situation .

HOA's should only be used for making sure people don't trash their yards with junk and that is it.  I see too many times articles where they try to control everything including the color or your mail box?  Get a life HOA's, stop people from trashing but let people decide how they decorate their yards including political signs, color of your mail box and pets.  You charge way too much for little.

I think Rick "forget me not" Perry will forget to sign this bill....he can not remember what HOA stands for...

LOL. The country that legislate the most trivial things dare to call itself "The land of the free". Every breath &amp; step you take is either legislated or regulated in some other way. Keep waving that flag.

Such a shame that legislators have to waste taxpayer's money passing laws that must counteract bad decisions. There was a state representative who proposed passing a law that would outlaw cities outlawing the use of plastic bags! Whaaa????

Sick of hoa,monthly fee goes up every year.done nothing good but spy at everyone else.Finally, something Republicans and Democrats were able to agree to. Common sense prevailed!

The USA is no longer the land of the freedom, it's the land of rip offs.  You start paying when you get into this world and they demand burial money--insurance or family--when you leave this world...Always somebody holding up their hand for more or somebody  to steal it from under you

I would not live in a sub-d with a HOA.

Where is " the land of the free and the home of the brave"?Federal law, state law, HOA law, and the homeowner has no say.

HOAs: The worst legal abomination created by mankind.

It's amazing that such a bill was even needed.

i like houses that look like overgrown ranches in the middle of austin.

GOOD LORD..these darn homeowners associations think they own it all! tell you rediculous things like THE MAFIA..JUST ANOTHER WAY TOO SCREW THE PUBLIC!

ever hear that joke that ends like this, bare limbs, no nuts and bad water, still in Texas???  states the case quite clearly!

we don't save nothing in cesspooltexas, just use, use, until it's all gone.  like "the real deal" bu$$h said, we don't worry about tomorrow!  what can you use a pile of sand for anyway?Sounds to me like Texas Lawmakers have nothing to do.

Finally hearing something reasonable coming out of the legislature in Texas.

I think the next step should be buying a house being able to mean not having a group of no-life neighbors tell you what you can and cant do with your property.

Here is Rick PerryFirst- I have to get a PenSecond - I have to read the billThird - I cannot remember what to do next.Good Luck with the Bill

As far as Texas is concerned I would like to know what is being sprayed at low altitudes?  Just saw another trail of some sort on Sunday that dissipate into low level Cirrus type clouds.  Only thing Cirrus clouds are high altitude clouds.

i thought tumble weeds did not need much water

I wish my homeowners association had some balls I have Chinese neighbors who think they can behave like their still in China. Not very clean!

Every town and city in Texas will have to spend millions changing their city ordinances. Perry and his Austin cronnies have nothing better to do with their time. They cannot run a state much less all cities!

Yes, and Texas is against big government..........SELECTIVELY, like a woman's rights to control her own body for example, but the idiot Perry will sign this bill!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I do not get it. I thought Demcrats were environment friendly party. What is it going on?If you don't like an HOA's rules then buy your house somewhere else.  At a real estate closing the HOA rules are included with the rest of the paperwork

I just wish the goverment would do there job and remove the illegals here, Tired of walking outside and hearing Mexican Music playing from all over the sub. HOA does not have the power when the illegals say, no english. If they are so damm proud of being Mexican than get back on your side if the river.

I made the mistake of living in an homeowner association community once. Never NEVER again!. Given power over others, the association officers become tyrannical. They ignore every legitimate individual freedom (to plant drought-resistant grass, paint a door, put up a flag, improve facade of dwelling etc etc).

HOA have there reasons and if you don't agree don't buy. Why do people think they can do what ever they want no matter what?

I don't care what anybody says if I want to go in my front or back yard and take a #$%$ its none of theire business if they fine me put me in jail will do it again when i get out till they understand that's my property not theires

Big Texas government Rick Perry gets to tell us if we can landscape our lawns.

Screw Texas!  Dry up and blow away!  LOSERS!