Brazil imported 5 times more slaves than the USA and was also the last country in the hemisphere to abolish slavery;  1888.

Walrus1965 make this a better world by not being in it.  Your so called facts of nature are fact that are only in the minds of idiots like you.

That is nothing new for Hispanic countries. Mexicans, and other Hispanics scream at the USA for being racist, but if you watch Hispanic TV shows, or look at their magazines, ALL of their main actors/models are white looking, not dark skinned/indian looking like most of their population.

Changing the race of the idiots in charge won't eliminate racism.

All I can say is. Please fix our educational system in America. I have never seen so many ignorant and backwards thinking folks in my entire life, until I started reading yahoos comment section. Whats worse, folks are content with being ignorant.

Wealth redistribution schemes? What ever happened to good old fashioned hard work? There are many wealthy people of color in the US, with hard work, not redistribution as a factor.Being white does not automatically qualify someone to be born rich. There are many poor white folks in the US also.

Is South Africa the exception to white power or a harbinger of things to come? White people have been ordered to turn over their farms to blacks.

people look for reasons to hate others; race is a very easy point of difference.  But in absence of that, we will use religion, politics, even sports, as an excuse to descriminate and even kill each other.

Cute Brazilian chick.

Sounds a lot like america!

Solving racism with racism isn't working in America and it won't work in Brazil.Sounds a lot like South Africa.

I'm not sorry but my mother taught me their was only one color that mattered, green.

Regardless of the country you live in, lighter skin is preferred in almost every case. This is a global phenomenon, not isolated to countries with mixed race populations.

If every person on earth were the same skin, eye, and hair color they would still find ways to discriminate against one another.  They would discriminate because you were born on a different day, a different month or year.  They would discriminate because you are not as tall as they are, or you are fatter than they are or because you are skinnier than they are.  Sorry to say discriminatory practices are in the very fiber of human existence.  The only sure cure to beat discrimination is when they are placed that bigot or person six feet under.

Down the street from you there may live a very very, rich white man.   In what way does that impact your ability to stay in school, study hard and go to college?

Brazil has grown to the world's 4th largest economy, behind US, China, and India...

Look on the bright side. When whites are no longer a majority we can finally have a white history month.

Brazil had 5 times the number of slaves the US had. They had slavery for 25 years longer as well.

The Brazilians are in denial and love to blame it on class, not racism.  They make Marxist excuses.

Gee, what a surprise!  All over the world, visible minorities take it on the chin.  There's your headline, you stupid AP reporter.I've never actually met a white Brazilian. All Brazilians I've known are interracial.

The way this was written it is like the spark that started the Wyatt s riot.

A  colorblind society is nothing more than a liberal fantasy in U.S.A/Brazil, or anywhere..People are what they are..

Gosh, just finished the article about "Racism in France"...now I get "Racism in Brazil"...and, of course, no one can escape the daily articles about "Racism in America".  There seems to be one common element in all this "racism".  Is there anywhere in the world where they have succeeded?

A racist comes in many colors not just white, as yaHoo would have you believe. Get over it.

I see, true equality didn't work out so well so they want "minority privilege" installed to get free gifts/ privileges..

From the article:  "Nearly all TV news anchors in Brazil are white, as are the vast majority of doctors, dentists, fashion models and lawyers. Most maids and doormen, street cleaners and garbage collectors are black."  The article focuses on "race" as being the determining factor in one's profession.  I suspect it has alot more to do with education.  If you don't have the education to be a brain surgeon, you can't be one, no matter what color you are!!!!!

Just making an observation but it seems the darker the country the worse off the country is.

Peter is correct.

"Racial integration" is a lot different than former slave integration.  And why does this article fail to even mention the growing and very powerful Chinese population in Brazil?  It's just plain lazy writing.Once again it is all the white man's fault. The media has to keep stirring the race pot. Too much money and power involved to let people get along.

Would type more,but I can't see for the tears.

The message I get from this article is that if you are white, you have nothing to fear because no matter how small your numbers, you will be at the top of the heap. If this is true, then why all the panic in Yahoo comments? We can look at Hawaii and see if this is true, since whites are only 23% of the population.

Affirmative action doesnt work, it will only make resentment towards the blacks as the government is letting in less qualified people due to race and excluding qualified people forcing a generation to suffer for no other reason other than race. if finances are the issue for the black not attaining higher degrees then allow for scholarships for those qualified that are admitted on ability not race, ensure applications are gender/race/whatever neutral..

One look at U.S. television and you will see whenever the nightly news does a story on welfare they highlight uneducated blacks who look into the camera and tell their sad story of poverty as the demand more of the government... Strengthen the stereotype???

Brazil sure has the market cornered on Shemales though. You go to visit there you have to be careful. You can not tell the real women from the fake ones

incitement and propaganda news

This is the most racist article I have read in a long while. It assumes that there are no poor whites. Note that the word "Most" is used in the sentence. "Most maids and doormen, street cleaners and garbage collectors are black." Implying whites do not partake in such positions. The author could have been Al Sharpton or Jesse Jackson both racists in reverse.

So it's the same in Brazil as every other country in the world.

What is racist?  This articleHere we go with another whine-fest. Maybe breeding indiscriminately and relying solely on the fact that one can dance isn't the best way to get ahead. Love the illusion of their 'free spirits' but you've got to couple the fun with something else.

Brazil has a record and profound history as a racist country, and I imagine as we head into the 21st century it will become a racist powder keg- just like the United States.

Funny that in my cultural anthropology class Brazil was pegged as a shining example of racial equality! My text book, written by 3 prominent cultural anthropologists, and my acclaimed professor, spoke highly of the diversity and racial equity within Brazil. In Brazil they don't have the rigid classifications that we have in the US (i.e. black, white, hispanic, mixed race, native indian, asian, etc.), they apparently have around 200 different ethnic classifications and they are very interchangeable.

Send Al and Jess

Biggest problem in Black America? Black men generally don't take responsibility for their own actions well at all. Over 70% of all USA black kids born out of wedlock. Case closed.

I see, Hitler went after the Jews because, they were so successful in business, and now white people are the new Jews that must be exterminated because, they should not be allowed to be successful, and forced to become low wage slaves so that the other races, without much effort, can overtake them. What most people don’t know is that most white people struggle to get ahead just like the other races, and have to compete with the rich and privileged just like any other race does. How come I see so many white people begging, homeless, and not very often do I see any other color living like that? Even illegal aliens got it better than too many of our own white people in America. One more thing, America has lots of rich and privileged that are other than white in America but, they are not even mentioned, ever…………why? People that write these kinds of articles could have worked for Hitler’s racial agenda propaganda machine, out to destroy a competitor to take over.

Here's a thought. Life began in Africa or at least that's what the anthropologist tell us. Why is it that the ones that left Africa and became white developed and ruled the world? I am looking for honest input here. I am not trying to cast aspersions.

This is the case in most Latin American countries..

Actually what she has experienced isn't racism. It's stereotyping, and if the majority of house keepers and nannies are dark skinned individuals, and the majority of dark skinned individuals are house keepers and nannies, then it isn't unreasonable for someone to assume she is a house keeper or a nanny. It would be racism if she were actively and intentionally excluded or subjected to hostilities on the basis of her race. Concerning unequal representation in white collar jobs and government, that is probably more of a socio-economic issue that arose along racial lines, than a purely racial issue. In other words, it's not that anyone is actively excluding darker skinned individuals from these professions, or from running for office, but poverty begets poverty and it's difficult to rise up out of that.

In a hundred years from now, the population of the U.S. will be as mixed as that of Brazil nowadays.What's with Yahoo and all the racial articles lately? Seams like they fish for controversy now.

when i lived in denver a black friend of mine wanted to open a blacks only club/bar.  while he wasn't going to outright exclude other races, he wanted a really nice high class atmosphere that would cater mainly to blacks.  he realized his dream and opened his bar.  and just like he wanted it catered mainly to blacks.  he had a great place for about three months and it just dried up and died.  even he admitted that catering to only one race was a mistake, unfortunately it took bankruptcy for that to sink in.

Women don't have a race. They come in flavors.

Who cares? This is America, not Brazil! Once again the Assholeciated Press is grabbing straws in an attempt at writing a news story worth reading. It will never happen. They are too biased.

Using the term "white" is more racist that using the term "black" or "dark skinned" people. The divisive left propaganda constantly perpetuates racism by their obsession to label people by skin color. There is more diversity among so called "white" people than any other color of skin, but this is a moot point because it doesn't #$%$ matter! We are all of the human race you liberal racist morons.

Why is it that Blacks need "wealth redistribution" (government intervention [taxpayer money])  in order to have their playing field leveled and out come equalized?

The author obviously has never spent any time in Brazil. Segregation in Brazil is not based on race, it is based on education and wealth. The wealthy as well as those in the favelas consist of brancos, mulatos and pretos. I never saw racism in all of my years living there...but there was definitely classism.

Genetics strikes yet again! The Bell Curve is a Universal Truth.

Sounds like the white man is indeed the devil. Always making people of color their slaves, taking their land, etc. Wow! If we're so bad how come the most advanced and civilized nations on the planet are run by the white race? People of color feed themselves propaganda about how great they used to be back in the day, special history months, days set aside to recongnize their heros. Methinks they try to hard to sell the product. Maybe a little more action, less crime, better effort in education and stop blaming "the devil" for individual failure. The successful people of color I know worked hard to better themselves just like anyone else and they do not blame the white man for anything, good or bad, they credit themselves. The white people I know who fail sometimes try to blame the people of color for getting the good jobs- because of color. When will people understand that race has nothing to do with your success? White or black, get off the couch, put down the crack pipe and go to work.

The US has a lot more diversity to become a mutt nation.Do they pay their fair share?

Before they do elect their first black president they need to take a good long hard look of how America has done for last 5 years and then decide. Iam so sick of how its only the black race thats been held back and been slaves in history when no one but themselves have stopped them and every race in some time in history has been slaves. QUIT YOUR F*&amp;&amp;$%&amp;% WHINNING. YOU HAVE THE WORLD BY THE BALLS NOW SO DO SOMETHING POSITIVE WITH IT INSTEAD OF TURNING IT INTO A GHETTO!

The US has less racism than anybody.  In Brazil, it isn't simply white and non-white split.  Their prejudice has levels according to shade of skin.

Not only  in Brazil, but also in  Argentina, in Chile and in other South American countries,  there is explicit discrimination based on the skin color.An example:  A black, pretty young girl was spotted by an Italian photographer on the Rio beach.  He took pictures of her and asked her if she is a model.   She told him that since she is black she could not get any assignment in Brazil.   The Brazilian advertisers prefer blondes.This black girl moved to Europe and became a successful model.    After establishing herself in Europe, she came back to Brazil hoping she would get assignments.   No, said the advertisers,  and advised her to go back to Europe !!!You should watch the NPR  program "BLACK IN LATIN AMERICA"  produced by Prof Henry Louis Gates  ( Of  Beer summit fame) to understand the deep-seated bias so latent in the Hispanic societies !In addition,  the people in these societies,  are embarrassed if they display some prominent facial features such as drooping nose which indicates native  Indian " blood" in their ancestry.Hence rhinoplasty to cover this embarrassing nasal structure  is very popular in many of these countries.Hispanic societies  do not hide their biases nor do their govts demand that they do.When the Blacks in the US understand this very strong streak of bias in the hispanic culture, they will start wondering if they should join hands with the hispanic groups in the US in their pursuit of political power !!!

Wealth redistribution is the govermnemt's modern way of slavery.

White people?? I know many people from Brazil that aren`t white that have gone to college there and are successful. As a matter of fact...everyone in there families has gone to college and were expected to go to college. I`ll have to do some research and found out who these white people are that are running everything and the goverment in Brazil.

What they really mean is Spanish and Portuguese Europeans which are lighter skinned than the indigenous peoples.  The term "white" is a strategically placed misuse of words

Maybe it just has to do with culture, values and intelligence and nothing at all to do with skin color.  If you are black, have a brain and your culture and values encourage you to use your brain you will be successful no matter what.  if your culture teaches you that   school is for suckers and that the way to go is to listen to rap, wear  your pants around your knees and  look and act like a thug, have children out of wedlock, no matter how smart you really are, the odds are overwhelming you are doomed to fail and your children are far more likely to walk in you footsteps.

It is funny how racism is confused with other prejudices available to everyone!  Example, if a Black man is ignorant, and a white man is hired, the employer is racist.  If the employer hires an intelligent Black man instead of an ignorant White man he is not a racist?  Why is the employer just not considered a smart business man?  Other examples, convict vs law abiding citizen, good parent vs bad parent, rapist vs celebat, child molester vs positive roll model, liar vs forthright, etc.  Given the same comparision scenario, would you be a racist or just an intelligent individual that choses not to associate with the riff raff.

Race wars have a tendicy to harden those racial lines, even IF as in Americas case, the 'history' of that war is wasted out of the History books.Brazil also has one of the highest crime rates in the world with 24 murders per 100k people per year.wonder why that is.

So, whites are being blamed for more black failure I see. I think the real problem here is someone just doesnt want to see whites have anything anymore.

This article like the French one is intended to make white people feel guilty.  AP should feel guilty for being  so divisive and racist.

WHAT????!!!!!. . is this article implying that white Americans are NOT the only RAAAAAAACISTS on the face of this planet?. . someone PLEASE notify the NAACP, ACLU, Southern Poverty Law Center, Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, MSNBC and the Congressional Black Cauus . .. . nevermind, they ALREADY know, but admitting it would diminsh their power over the simple minded . . .

Here we go again!!!   It's just not fair!!!  Gimee, Gimee, Gimee!!!!

Brazil reduced it's Total Fertility Rate (the number of children potentially born to a woman in her lifetime) from 6.X to 1.9 within three generations.  If this progress extends to all racial groups, including "mixed race", there will be equal treatment and opportunity for all.

What is wrong with being "racist"? Oh. That's right. Only Whites are "racist".

I don't know any country rule by blacks that are doing good,poverty and violence rule including South Africa.

Jenny...  really?  Have you been to Brasil?  I've been there many times.  Half my family lives there - my wife is from Rio.  Lessons for the U.S.?  We are well ahead of Brasil when it comes to "color blindness".  No, we're not perfect but we way ahead of Brasil.  And, what's with the black centric commentary.  In the U.S. blacks only make up 12% of the population.  Hispanics on the other hand make up 16% and they are far more underrepresented than blacks in positions of wealth and power...and that popluation is expected to be more than 30% by 2050.  You clearly have a chip on your shoulder. If you're going to write an article at least figure out what you're attempting to say before you start writing.Who was the Editor that allowed this to go on the wire?

More leftist garbage....destabilize a nation by pitting one group against another (sound familiar) and take control.A people from little island in the northwest Atlantic took over the world, a world of brown eyed black haired people with dark skin. How and why did that happen?  Now with all the civil rights the white man is still running things and taking care of these folks.

Remember,South America is where all the #$%$ hid after WW2.

Call it what it is Illegal Chicago mobster ethicists to destroy the constitution and immoral.

multi-culturalism only benefits the darker-skinned people....fact

It is a stereotype that Chinese or Orientals are smart in studies. I have seen their modus operandi. They cheat in groups. They gather in a group of 3 or more and sit next to each other and share answers in exams...I have seen this with all orientals from japanese, thais, Vietnamese, malays too. They also share  with each other projects and help doing each others homework...so get this stereotype about Orientals somehow having superior IQ outta your unthinking brain...

why not send our illegals there? they would feel right at home! like they make themselves feel here!

Is Brazil the country where they have actual fences that block off poor communities from rich communities?

Government can redistribute some of the wealth but they cannot legislate equality; some are smart and hard working some are neither.

No matter what part of the world - when whites succeed and blacks fail -- it's whiteys fault

article says left to take care of their children.  lol.  does that imply government is supposed to?  lolFor a media that claims to be "colorblind"(whatever that means anyway, although it still is for a an eye condition), they do seem  so concerned about what does color does this and what color does that...Do they really want all of us to end up being a monochrome, coffee colored mud race?

So Brazil is going to put "racial diversity" above actual abilities in chosing who goes to college?  That's called "dumbing down society".

Well apparently whites are wanted... so let's move to Canada and you idiots run the place lol  don't follow us!

The leaders of various ethnic groups should encourage their constituencies to not be a drain on society, instead of badmouthing the society.

Nubia de Lima baby...keep educating people's stupid (^_^)

I say quit trying to push people on people. We associate ourselves with people who are like or nearly like us in interests, tastes, etc. Race doesn't have anything to do with it. Why would I want to hang around someone that would rather steal from me than be a real friend? Or spend befriend someone that thinks he doesn't have to work for a living, and would rather mooch off the government? Those attitudes don't fit my life style, and I don't want my children to adopt those worthless traits. I respect or not, a person based on his open moral foundation, not the color of his skin.

I find it quite amusing that people today are racist against whites. If you're white, just about anything you say people will try saying you're a racist or bigot, if you're a white male, on top of that, just about anything you say they try saying that you're sexist.

Yahoo racial slur censor test: cracker

I lived and worked in Brazil for 3 years.  Learned Portuguese...didn't have much of a choice; lots of folks don't speak English.Absolutely loved it there.  I was based in Sao Paulo but travelled all over the country.The food was fantastic.  The national dish, feijoada, is really unique.  It's a dish of pork bits, beans and rice.Married a Brazilian woman who's half Italian, half Lebanese.  Would be tough to find a better cook and companion than her.  Her Aunt is married to a Japanese guy.To the point, racism in Brazil goes both ways.  People of color, as my Wife, are very tolerant of others although somewhat skeptical of people's motives.Having grown up in Charleston, SC in the 50's and 60's, I'd say the racial atmosphere in Brazil is pretty darned healthy.I'd also suggest to you that the author of this article is 'floating a turd in a fishbowl'.  Probably hasn't been there much less lived on the local economy.  It's this kind of junk that gives people wrong and unfair impressions of a lovely country.

All I see is people blaming each other and race baiting on here. Truth is that life is what you make it and life is not fair. Is it fair that Bill Gates is rich and I am not? I don't think it is but that is life. Some people will just be unfair and unjust. Most people will give you a chance regardless of your race. It is how you take that opportunity and do something with it.Cultures and races are better off to stay with their own ! How many black nations in africa are successful ? How many nations that started out white were successful ? What happens when blacks come into the neighborhoods ? Why do blacks want everything free ? The majority of blacks cannot make it on their own ! The ones that do are freeloaders like sharpton , jackson and obama who have never earned a dime by working but make it off their own people by conning them ! The truth hurts !

We hang out with people that are like us. Race has nothing to do with anything.  Why would I hang out with a low life. Why would I spend time with a #$%$. Or anyone that dose not fit into my life. Should I do it just because the Government told me I should. No I think not.

In a world where racial difference and skin color are supposed to have no meaning anymore -- it sure seems the media and our governments do a heck of a lot to keep stirring the pot and trying to point out the differences between people

I let people's actions speak for them. I don't care what color you are. It is either a darkening or lightening of the pigmentation. It isn't an indication of a person's quality or character. The only people not color blind are the media, politicians and those blood suckers like Jackson and Sharpton that make a living off race baiting.

I experienced racism in the past, too. But that did not stop me from excelling. You did not excel because you did not try hard enough. You can't blame the whole white population of being racist just because a single white person gave you the nazi salute. We have laws for that kind of stuff. Besides, there is some sort of racism in all skin color.

Immigrant workers from Mexico encouraged and embraced by the left to come to America to pick fruit and do menial work.Look at America today! One would think that we would have learned a lesson by deciding not to pick our own cotton.

Maybe that is the 47% that Mit Romney was talking about.

So those at the bottom are surprised by the fact that those at the top did not hand over the reigns of power just because?

At some point during US history the Irish, Germans, Italians, Spanish, Greeks, Russians and virtually anyone who wasn't of English Protestant background wasn't considered "white". In today's America, nobody would contest their "whiteness". It is indeed a status hierarchy scam that got manifested into mainstream Americans culture under the guise of "race"..Generation after generation Americans are taught there are "white" &amp; "black" people &amp; all white people are the same &amp; all black people are the same. It is ignorance stemming from our marvelous melting pot with the help of our stupid media, academia &amp; the political forces to dictate who's what &amp; who's who. That's besides the very act that skin colour has nothing to do with race. It's bad enough what everybody was taught to believe is false to begin with but to see a double zone of stupidity of race card dealers (whether personal racism, media statistics, social policies &amp; interpretation) is utterly laughable. It's like mounting a brick over another shattered one expecting to build a credible goal.None of you are white nor black..though you've been ingrained you are since childhood. You are Americans of different ethnic origins..an American of Polish origin with a lastname suffix -"dzky" who happens to look similar to an American with German roots with a lastname "muller" doesn't make you the kin. Jesus..America has always been dumbed down, its not a new phenomena!

I read a few years ago that match makers in nations like Brazil and India get pay extra if they find a match that is lite skin.And obama wants the usa like brazile he said that,Other words do like mlk said settle this in the white mans bed room.liberals will stop at nothing to destroy america and it,s way brazile is broke i guess we need to be like that two.

Non of this stuff matters to me. As long as I can make some money that is all that matters to me.

In America race is used in cards and entitles minorities to get away with anything including murder when they contact groups like the NAACP and the ACLU.

What are you talking about. Asians are way more racist than Blacks. Blacks just want to play the victim of racism, and feel justified in their racism to the point they think it is not racist. In their mind it is true. The truth is life is not fair for any of us but here in the US everyone has opportunities, not the same opportunism but that is why life is not fair. Some people are given opportunities the rest have to created them. That is all you can truly expect. People can and will dislike you because you are White, Hispanic, Asian, Black and a myriad other reasons that are not fair. It is not right but it will happen.

I'm far more concerned about illegal immigration in America than I am about what's happening in Brazil.  Don't these Administration Press reporters have anything better to do?

i guess we just have to get rid of white people. after all these years of bickering, what other answer is there. affirmative action, integrated schools, and so on and so forth. france i just read is all inclusive and they are at each other's throats.  could be our hatred of ourselves and others has nothing to do with color but a lot to do with our inner souls.  i'm white and there are lots of white folk i wouldn't want to be like and they have tons of money.  i had to get over envy and jealousy a long time ago as it was ruining me.

Every other group claws their way up through hard work. Every group has suffered in one form or another. The Blacks that are successful, and I am friends with ones that are, are successful because they work hard, are educated, and marry the people they have children with. If Blacks are failures it is because they do not work hard, they do not raise their children to value education, and they have children out of wedlock at high levels, realities that create loser white as well but you do not hear about them because they do not have the excuses of slavery and racism to fall back on. Slavery and racism are crutches they use to avoid dealing with their own failures and use them to create excuses. Where do Blacks move when they become a success? Away from Blacks and with the whites. Where does Obama sends his children to school? With rich people at a private school not in the Black dominated DC public schools. When you go to a city and want to know where to either avoid crime or buy drugs just ask where Martin Luther King BLVD is and you will be good to go. Look at South Africa and Zimbabwe now that they are run by Blacks. Look at St. Louis, Chicago, Detroit and so on. Black people have been ruined not by slavery but by welfare and handouts, by democrats that saw when they could not enslave with chains and fear anymore, enslaved with hand outs and excuses. Thumb away.

All public schooling including college is free..... if you don't do anything with your life in Brazil... it's your fault.......

I base my conclusions on what I have seen or experienced and Brazil should thank their lucky stars that whites dominate the decision making because if not all you have to do is turn on the TV and see all the problems that countries run by other than white people have. The death the destruction the disease and the ignorance is rampant.

Name one city ,town, or country in the world where blacks have become a majority and things got better..where crime went down ,and education went upI will never forget back in the early 60's when the cubans first started coming in.  The ones i met were white and had no use for black cubans as there complaints about them were the same you heard from americans. Which seems to be the  same thing you hear about blacks in most mixed race countries.

Even as a person of white and asian descent i still believe homogenous nations are the best because they a much higher level national unity racial coheasion that binds them altogether then a country like america that diverse and weak with many divisions and animosity among racial groups and i also believe that being one race instead of mixed is better because you're more likely to have a normal life with less tension.

This piece is written to inspire racism. I tell you that Blacks live in rich areas. Have university educations. And are in well paying positions.Whites, particularly from outside of Brazil perceive every black as poor, when some of them can not shine their shoes.BTW, there are more Japanese than in Tokyo in Brazil, why are they not counted? There are a great many Arabs there as well. What about the indigenous people who tend to cast their lot with the blacks. Don't they exist? The country is not half white and half black. It is a mixture of many things. Shame that this story did not reveal that.

Natural selection, unless you don't believe in Darwin's "theories".

Discrimination in the third world is worst than in developed countries like the US and Western Europe.

I spent a couple of weeks in Rio a few years ago when I went there for Carnival.Happiness is an attitude... And I found a lot of it in Rio. You don't find happiness with money or wealth.. It comes from family, personal fulfillment, and a good relationship with GOD... If you hustle pretty much anywhere in the world you can feed your family and provide shelter for them.It's a bogus concept that you can only be happy if you're well off.Most would say I'm well off, but I'm not any happier than when I wasn't...

WoW Jenny! Is this some recent revelation you had at 3AM on a sleepless night? Where or what rock have you been living under as a journalist? Geeeez.......It's their culture, and CHOICE!

No shortage of blacks in Brazil's prisons or welfare lines, I'm guessing.

I am white and pretty much excluded from "high rent white neighborhoods", because i cant afford it . its mostly about economics not race .

Blacks use race as an excuse for everything.  Newsflash!  Dress for success.  Buy pants that fit for starters.  You look like idiots with your pants hanging off your #$%$.  I'm not just talking blacks either.  Whites, Hispanics, and Asians look just as stupid.  If your too stupid to figure out what pants fit you go home to your mom.  I'm sure she'll be glad to help you out.  Another thing.  If someone hires you to work.... WORK!  I work with 2 black guys right now that are going to get fired.  Both called in sick on Thursday.  It's not the first time either.  Neither has been there a year yet and both have missed at least 4 days of work.  Show up for work, work, and keep the smart mouth snotty attitude to yourself.  You'll be fine.  Yes I am white and middle aged.  I always have a job.  If I don't like the job I get another one.  I don't have a problem getting a job because I have never been fired from a job.  If they look at my work record or call my references I look great.  I show up for work everyday on time and I work.  I  have missed 1 day of work in the last 18 years.  No more excuses, get to work.Again, it is not the color  that contributes to racism. Other factors including disability, class, intelligence, type of profession, type of car, type of clothing store you shop, type of food you eat, type of topic you talk are considered that cause small to big problems.By the way, racism is defined as lacking genuine information about person and thing.

This article is good, but, what really matters is education. There are a lot of "whites" in the favelas alongside blacks and they all get along well. A higher education opens door, but, getting that education requires money-money that most, black or white, in Brazil do not have...Open hostilities between that different colors of peoples in Brazil is not prevalent...

Being all high and mighty and proud about your race can become a real anchor.   When at the end of the day you realize that you come home from work all alone and when you're cold and want someone to hold on to and love.  Then you admit anyone you're attracted to will do regardless of race.

when we all get equal shares we will all have air force ones to fly around in.talk about racist prez. he hasn,t even offered me a ride in a plane i,m paying for.i,m being denied my right by a racist.on and on it goes.

Honestly, those ppl don't know if they are coming or going.

people trying to get us to focus on ignoring race...focus on race.... derrrrrrrpppp!!!!!

If they truly strive for racial equality I hope they don't just do what we did and reverse the discrimination in a pathetic attempt to make up for previous wrongs. Slavery was wrong, and always has been. It has been the option of the winner for hundreds and hundreds of years though, going back even before Christ showed up. In each case, though morally wrong, the citizens participated in it because the state made it legal. You can't make for it. You just have to stop it and move on. Giving everybody an equal shot at education without lowering standards is the first step.

Too much brown will bring you down. You need to have some cream in there too lighten things up. Diversity rules!!!!!!!!!!!!

It is a matter of work ethics, not color of skin, that makes people prosper and move to the top.

obama needs to be tarred and feathered and horse whipped and tried for treason and kealhauled!!!!How could this be? I thought the US was the ONLY country in the world which harbored racists or racial prejudice.

This article mentions that the US is going through this majority-minority transition, but in the US, white hispanics are not counted as white. They keep saying that "whites" will soon be the minority, but when they count Hispanics, they lump them as one "race" when a hispanic can be white, black, indian, etc.

To Passmethe:   At the end of WWII,  Argentina was one of the destinationsof many of the #$%$.   Thus the teaching of race hate and religious hatewithin the borders of Argentina.   But be as it may,  in Argentina there aremany interracial  marriages between all ethnic groups despite the teachings                           of the #$%$ and their grandchildren.   You would probably be happy livingwith the grandchildren of the #$%$ who live in Argentina.

Obama wanted to know exactly how many is a Brazilian?

If everyone on the entire planet woke up tomorrow morning and they were all Smurf blue do you think anything would change?  Absolutely not...

when you talk economic wealth to the blacks in america they do not want to hear it. To many blacks are stuck in the "stick it to whitey" theme and its pathetic.

Whatever group of people has the money, has the power.  Doesn't matter if that group is in the minority.  The same will be true in the U.S. in the future.  White people shouldn't panic.  The majority of the money will remain in your pockets.

I have been to Brazil (Rio, San Paulo et al) and Los Angeles, CA..  See very little diference.

Who works? The whites. Who doesn't work? The dark ones. The same is true in the U.S. When the darks outnumber the whites, the whole system crashes.

Brazil is a s-hole.  In the Favelas they will literally cut your hand off for your rings.It's a question of IQ.I am not racist. Nature, evolution is racist. We have evolved differently. It is logic, animals and plants have evolved differently, why wouldn't humans too?I am not racist because I don't think any race is superior. The human races are diverse and beautiful, each a product of millions of years of adaptation to their environment and their diversity makes us humans strong. There are not one superior to the others, we should be all equals in front of the Law. Evolution though have made us different and we have different abilities and qualities etc. Some races will be better than others in this thing and in this thing it may be another race that will be better. The same way you cannot say a banana is superior to an orange, you cannot say a race is superior to another. That said, banana has more potassium than the orange and the orange has more vitamin C. That's just nature. Human races have similar differences.Sadly, the world didn't changed, yesterday people ostracized homosexuals and called them sinful, today people ostracize those who believe homosexuality is not natural and call them #$%$, yesterday people discriminated against women, today it is against men, yesterday against Blacks, today against Whites, yesterday it was forbidden to say that all races are equal in front of the law and those who did were persecuted/ostracized/demonized, today it is forbidden to say that races have hormonal, intellectual, physical, behavorial etc differences and those who do are also persecuted/ostracized/demonized. etc etcYesterday people fought to have the right to disagree with a mainstream position (rightly) but in the way the principle was misunderstood/forgotten and today people forbid the right of others to disagree with that position that has become mainstream meanwhile. It's the principle of freedom of speech and thought, even if not mainstream, that has to be respected!!! Not the mainstream position of the moment hold of course as the truth!!! (isn't is always the case? lol) Such a pity!Franklin D. Roosevelt said "The truth is found when men are free to pursue it."Thomas Jefferson said "There is not a truth existing which I fear or wish unknown to the whole world". I am open minded, please show me where I am wrong, bring scientific proves, thanks.

More race baiting propaganda.

black 's a pain in the #$%$

If a minority becomes a majority, they are the majority not the minority majority.  What a stupid statement.  Second, why is it that world wide whites seem to have the advantage?  Maybe it`s work ethic? maybe it`s favortism because they are the majority? or maybe it`s the minorities who keep themselves from getting ahead?  No matter what, there will always be racism in this world even among the races!

If you are not white, your people need to be able to do what the white man has done without his help. Right now, most blacks in positions of power are puppets and quotas. They are what the white man lets them be. Japan can get it done without diversity, and people are too stupid to notice that there aren't many blacks there.

We put a black in the highest position in the land of the USA and this has brought total bliss and racial happiness. Heck the KKK and blacks in America do not even mention race anymore........WHAT ? ....no ? ,,,Wait a minute.

those who are first will be last, and those who are last will be first

This article just can't be true.I've been taught by the liberal media, that racism is an occurrence only in the U.S.A.

In Brazil, whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power. Dark-skinned people are at the bottom of the heap, left to clean up after others and take care of their children and the elderly.Lower IQ is  the problem. Even in a society where whites are the minority and even  in a society that is as racially mixed as Brazil,  the blacks are still at the bottom.   It's obvious  that black people are their own problem.  Look at Detroit.

It's easier to sway the uneducated and uninformed.It's really to late for this country to fix it's race relationsBlack people are more racist to dark skinned blacks than white people are.

Alright already, starting tomorrow, we'll all change our jobs, homes, savings, retirement...everything swapped with somebody of opposite skin color, and the world will be a fair, peaceful, loving place.   Stop focusing on skin color, get yourself up in the morning, and make a life for yourself.

I am mixed but what does not fit for me is when you look at a severly oppressed minority group like say Asians and despite prejudice and discrimination because they emphasize family and education, you simply cannot keep them down. Asians have suffered enormous bigotry and are identifiable by appearance, (most are) and yet basically they have focused on keeping their families intact and achieving high levels of education in math, science, medicine, etc., and they rise to the very top. Also they should say white appearing for Brazil, as many people of mixed backgrounds are white looking in appearance but may have significant non white ancestary.

I enjoy being mixed raced. It can be a struggle in all of my races, because even people of color have their own racism against mixed race people. But outside of the problems of being mixed race, I enjoy perspectives and traditions of all of my cultures. I can take the best of them all to blend into the awesomeness that is me. Many of my mixed race friends do the same thing, these days.But, we do not attempt to deny that the more you conform to dominant culture, the more benefit you have. It is wrong that dominant culture perpetrates that pressure to conform to its messed up ways. What is sad is that most members of dominant culture do not even recognize how they silence and shame people who are different from them.

as far as civilization, technology, culture and cleanlines are concerned, whites are superior to the other races.........with the asians in 2nd place......  blacks and mexicans are way down the list........

IDIOTS .... This article was about the legacy of slavery ... that you super sensitive wusses want to say "poor me ... they're picking on my whiteness" is WEAK ...Feel lucky that you are white ... because this article shows how bad your life could have been had you been a slave or a descendant of a slave.So you understand it ... Stop your WHINING people

Let me guess, White Hispanics?  Really?

They call it mongrels.

Multiculturalism does not work.

anyone ever see the results of an all minority country???   there's nothing to fight over....as america gets browner, america declines........oh and any white woman who willfully has a black baby, should be arrested for child abuse.......

What people don,t get.....is that it isn,t skin color people don,t like.....but deep seeded ghetto  culture that no one finds attractive

The most dangerous, viscous living thing on the planet is the human being,animals act on instinct, but what makes man so hate filled and evil is their ability to know the difference but yet not care.

Please just look at the state of any and all third world Black crapholes such as the Congo or Detroit to see what things would look like if they really ran things.

What

Just shows Brazil is 2000 years behind the rest of modern society

After WW-2 many Germans came to Brazil and brought their money and culture.They built up this country and claimed it for their own.The blacks were used for labor only.

It took a while and isn't done yet but I think black Americans have came a long way in the past few decades. Like most people they have to work at improving themselves to important positions.

It's obvious that blacks can't make it in the real world without stealing from others, or living off of being supposed "victims of racism".

Brazil will find that affirmative action only gives their workforce a lower standard of performers which will hurt their overall economic status. By lowering standards of one group to accommodate the others only lowers the overall output of all.In Brazil, whites are at the top of the social pyramid:  I thought they were Latino........

It not hard for me to understand that people of different races don't like or dislike what the other likes.  All people are not the same, and race is not the only thing that separates people.  I wouldn't expect football fans to hang with baseball fans.

Brazil still not the best place to be for minorities of any kind.

she is pretty hot!

There is that redistribution idea again- like that will ever even things up economically.To put it simply, with an everyday life example: My son played baseball, wasn't the best player when he was younger, but he kept at it and struggled and eventually was recruited by and played for a well known big-league university. I recall a coach of his that said of my son that he had desire, that you can't coach that. You either have it or you don't.Affirmative action, redistribution of wealth, etc., won't change the black race.The black culture will have to change.There are individual examples of black success and achievement, all rooted in desire.Victims of circumstances all, but examples of human will to prevail against those odds.Me victim and so sad excuse is very tiresome.

WHAT?!?!??!?!?! you mean, other countries have issues with racism?!?!!?!? my universe is now shattered.

A Blonde is watching the news with her husband when the newscaster says,"Two Brazilian men die in a skydiving accident."The blonde starts crying and says to her husband while sobbing"That's horrible!!! So many men dying that way!"Confused the husband replies "Yes dear, it is sad, but they were skydiving, and there is always that risk involved."After a few minutes, the blonde, still sobbing, says,"... So how many is a Brazilian?"

Blacks have failed in every single country that they run.

Never knew much about Brazil. Always assumed vast majority of residents were dark or mixed race. Where did the white skins come from? I just don't know my history.

everyone has to work within their capabilities, not every race is capable of advanced societal behavior. look at the blacks wherever they are in abundance it is a ghetto even if the white man is not in presence, I am not racist, its just the way things areInteresting, most doctors and soundbite news anchors in Brazil are white.  Politically correct interracial loving liberalism has ruined America. We now have a ton of non-English-speaking doctors who can't communicate with patients; a costly ridiculous pandering to bilingualism that's only encouraged newcomers to not learn English; a broken and increasingly dangerous public school system thanks to forced busing; totally unsafe mixed race ghettos where safe communities once lived in peace; revolting rap replacing the yesterday's fast food earworm commercials, and almost no white sports figures. Politicians? A pox on both sides of the aisle.

It is racist to talk about facts and to talk about intelligence levels as to why some people are more successful than others.

When the US becomes a minority white country the whites will have no one to blame but themselves. First blacks were brought from Africa and enslaved on plantations by  capitalist pigs [ not all capitalists are pigs but those that used slaves certainly were ] in their greed for cheap/slave labor. Now 50% of the violent crime is committed by the descendants of these slaves. Not having learned from that rather glaring mistake the capitalist pigs now employ illegals for EXACTLY the same reason ..... slave/cheap labor. When money is more important then morality this is what you get......a country with a falling standard of living for what's left of the middle class and yet more social programs to support the poor. Thanks capitalist pigs..... good job destroying the country.

Wealth-redistribution = Socialism.

Really? Perhaps my screen has been hacked...Nubia de Lima, a 29-year-old black producer for Globo television network, said she experiences racism on a daily basis, in the reactions and comments of strangers who are constantly taking her for a maid, a nanny or a cook, despite her flair for fashion and pricey wardrobe.

Segregation is a natural occurrence. People like to be with others who are like them. Segregation takes an unnatural and despicable turn when it results in those with a different color skin being treated as inferiors.

If it wasn't for Brazilian whites, the country would be impoverished just like Africa. Same holds true for the US.

In my vacations in Mexico I see light skinned nationals employed in hotels while darker Mexicans clean streets,sell trinkets and whatnot on the beach. Bias is much the same worldwide,no ?

How about anyone of you go to the Indian Reservations, or the Smokey Mountain coal towns.  Talk about improvished yet they are never spoken of why....because of the Liberal media.  DON'T LOOK, KNOW OR TELL..but hide everything else.

Better there than here!One in 31 adults in America is in prison or jail, or on probation or parole. Twenty-five years ago, the rate was 1 in 77.

The United States has 5% of all the world's population...and 25% of the world's prison inmates. African Americans are incarcerated here at a much higher rate than European Americans.

Well you can always do what was done in S.Africa,most of the Whites left the Country,they now have to import food,and they are now a poor Country.The wealth left when the whites were driven out,or left on there own,maybe you people can do the same for Brazil LOL!

Mexico, Asia, India...  Watch most any international television show and you'll see the same - light, bright and pretty much white - are the 'so called' ethnic faces you'll see.  Dark and Light is their Black and White, with the Black and Dark being the poor and disenfranchised.

All this tells me is that black people have self-hatred no matter where they live and whites do not have as much. There is no reason not to educate yourself and/or go for your dreams.

White people are hilarious.....they show up at you door like a tourist...you let them in and the next thing you know a armed flotilla is at your door and the ones you thought were tourist are all up in your land taking the Diamonds and the gold....Now that you've gotten bamboozled.....you show up to Their country trying to get some reprieve and these colonizers are now complaining about YOU in THEIR land!!!!Guess what white folks....Black people SHOULD NOT try and be productive citizens in your country.....I'm glad you feel they are a drain...You are not worthy of their hard work...that's what you get for being land thieves.

'group think' will always have inferior 'group' results.

i know a few brazilians,  they don't refer to skin types, you're either native sotuh american based or portuguese.there is no ' black' by their terms you're either western or portuguese.they love america and are always telling me how jealous they are that  "in brazil, they don't make anything, they just copy what is in america "

When hispanics become major majority USA will become part of Latin america and White Europeans will become a powerless minority...

Most poor people are lazy, wasteful and are always looking for someone to blame. I know coz l was born in a poor family, took full responsibility for my life and broke the poverty barrier despite all odds stacked against me.Those who feel 'oppressed' should work to make something of themselves, instead of wasting their energy hating anyone 'lighter' than themselves.

Does anyone else notice how various people of color keep flooding into only White countries? You are all filthy third world ratholes so stop biting the hand that feeds you!

There is nothing wrong with any race of people that want to preserve their own heritage, it is not racist to do so. Many of you people must get a handle on what the definition of racism is.

Basic law of nature:  The cream always rises to the top.

Even Mexico has a caste system with the lighter skinned on top. (Except for whites - gringos - who they hate.)

In Brazil only those of Euro decent are considered "white"  All else are "of colour"  ALL else.

Brazil sounds like a wonderful country to host the upcoming Olympic games!  The article makes no mention of the rampant figures on crime within the country, I guess we don't want to make any inferences do we???

The future: Either the white man is going to grow a pair again and retake western Europe and America or these regions are going to become like the mongrelized lawless ghettos of Brazil and disappear into the wastebin of history. If the second scenario takes place the Chinese will come to collect the only thing America will have left of value the land and enslave the mongrels.

Who cares..........deal with it.

Heading twards a bland society,everyone the same color,drive the same car,live in the same style house,making the same money. One BORING WORLD!So the government getting involved to redistribute wealth and enact affirmative action to "level the playing field" doesn't work? No, that can't be..

As numerous studies have confirmed, people of sub-Saharan African descent are at the bottom of the heap when it comes to intelligence. This always creates problems in mixed societies because the blacks are generally less economically successful but it is considered politically incorrect to admit the primary underlying reason for this state of affairs. This will cause ongoing conflicts for the foreseeable future in all mixed-race societies including the US.

once again slam the white man for the worlds problems! the liberal "white" media ALWAYS ATTACKS ITS OWN for self-serving reasons and political correctness. I, FOR ONE, AM WHITE, AND DAMN PROUD OF OUR ACCOMPLISHMENTS AS A RACE!

Yahoo tries so hard to keep the racial fires burning, the last thing they (the news media) which is controlled by the same people that control the government wnat is for the people in this country to unite, because then the government would not keep the people slaves while they get filthy rich.

This could be the headline for EVERY country outside the Far East. That is how we live: We work together but we don't live, pray or play together, as much as the PC crowd would like to tell us we do. I actually drink my beer without a black in my living room.

From what I have been hearing and reading,  brings me to this oneconclusion.If I owned Brazil and Hell,   I  would rent Brazil out and live in Hell.

There's also pot loads of HIV, clap, herpes, and drug addicts that this article failed to mention.

This goes for all of Latin America.... the whiter you are the better off you tend to be....... just look at Bolivia ...60% of its population is Indigenous but it just had its first Indian president 10 years ago..

If all white Americans return to Europe would you non-whites leave us alone ? If we retreat back to the countries God gave to us would you stay in the ones He gave to you ? If we agree to stop invading, killing, stealing, and pillaging your lands would you leave us alone in ours ?

And look at what a Dump Brazil is. A fourth world country at best.Love the benevolent racism that exists today in the U.S., thanks to liberal idiots. And the truly sad thing about it is that blacks and Latinos have come to rely on the advantages GIVEN to them, in every field of endeavor, which only serves to undercut the faith that whites have in the abilities of minorities.

Every human being on this planet, to some degree, feels on edge around other humans that do not look like them. It goes back to your ancient beginnings...If something different walked into your cave, you hit it, or stab it, or run or you may be eaten or killed yourself. It's always there. With more information and experience with life it will decrease or increase depending on your social group and the violence or lack of, in it.

I think more studies sould be done.. There has to be some sort of genetic reason that blacks have a hard time fitting in to civil society. Yes yes I know there are many blacks that made it, but overall they fall behind every race in the world. I cant even think of one african country that is modern, civil, and not violent. Other races come here and build an economy around there own culture, ie asians. They help each other while fitting in to civil american society. Blacks cant even build an economy in there own neighborhoods, they just rob and kill each other. I have been to brazil several times and can say that the northern more black areas are dangerous, the south more white areas you can feel safe... Why is it the same ALL over the world?

It is a mix of anomalies in Brazil that offers lessons to a United States now in transition to a "majority-minority" nation: how racial integration in social life does not always translate to economic equality, and how centuries of racial mixing are no guaranteed route to a colorblind society.The only people in the U.S  that liberals want to be "color blind"  are  white people.     When given the chance,  blacks will ALWAYS and ONLY  vote  for other blacks, NO MATTER WHAT!  Look at Detroit. Only blacks are allowed to run that city----- a "Chocolate City" as they call it because  black  people who are the majority in Detroit, will not vote for a white person to run Detroit. 98% of blacks  also vote the same. Imagine the cries of racism if  98% of white people all voted the same.Liberals are OBSESSED race. It's ALWAYS on their mind.   They  use racial politics to help win elections. They  look for racism in every issue, and under every rock. They  belong to a race industry, that  dabbles in race and  racial  politics   like  the oil industry does with oil. Liberals are OBSESSED with turning  the white population in the U.S into a minority.  They are obsessed with having and achieving racial -diversity, because for them, it means "Anything but White".  It's code word, for the ethnic  cleansing  of white people.   Liberals support anti-white genocide.

Interesting that non-Blacks in every country always assume Blacks aren't never in any position of power or influence.  Just like in retail stores, people ask for the manager and the black person standing before them points to his badge.

Pele Ronaldo Romario rivaldo roberto carlos were the best players in the World. All Africans..So it is proved that best players in Brazil are all Africans..

News flash -- that is not the U.S., they do not have ACLU, or anything equivalent, and life is different there. Has been long before Yahoo News decided to make an issue of it. THIS is often what it is like in other countries, where life is NOT a bowl of cherries and cream.So try not to look down your snobbish, American imperial nose at other countries.

Segregation seems to be a fact of life, people have always been divided by something, whether it's color, economics, politics, or what have you. Problems usually  occur when a way of life is forced on people that they don't want.

Diversity for diversity's sake is a big mistake.  If diversity happens naturally, it works out better than any forced situations.

"In Brazil, whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power. Dark-skinned people are at the bottom of the heap, left to clean up after others and take care of their children and the elderly."And so it should be. People are naturally in society where they best fit into society.Natives of Americas who have lived in Americas for tens of thousands of years are now a forgotten people....

Sounds like if blacks aren't in power or the richest then white people are bad! That's just fricken racist! I'm so sick of hearing how it's color not there actions holding them back.Take America for example. You have a young white male who works the same job as a black male. The boss comes in with attitude, the white male bites his tongue while the black male speaks his mind. The black male is now not considered for promotion while the white male is. The white male buys a used economy car and starts a saving account. His black counterpart buys a used car and some big spinning rims instead of a savings account. After a few years the white male has saved enough to put down on a condo. But the black male has bought only clothing and jewelry and hit up the clubs. The white male who kept his mouth shut about his anal boss is finally rewarded with a promotion. He can finally afford to sell his condo and buy a new house and car. While the black male who chose to speak his mind back at his boss was let go with a poor reference. A few years later that black male is sitting around in his apartment #$%$ about how the system is rigged for whites. How the white guy he worked with was a little #$%$ and had been handed a promotion that he should have had instead. Completely ignoring all the white males efforts and sacrifices, the black male fails to see the failure in himself and blames race instead. (I'm not saying this is every white male or every black male)It's not about color it's about what you do. If life is about parting and speaking your mind regardless who it's to....then your going to be poor regardless of color. If you're respectful and put work and savings before fun....then you're going to be more successful regardless of color.

No one is stopping anyone from cleaning their neighborhoods, going to school and making something of themselves.

Wow!  There certainly is a lot of racial prejudice on here this morning!  Even though we still have prejudicial people here in America there are many intelligent people of all ethnic backgrounds who have attained highly professional positions within our society.  And pardon my next observation, but haven't we all met some pretty stupid white people?  Intelligence is color-blind.  Opportunity and racial prejudice are not.

It slays me that the first thing blacks want to do when they are able is to move out of their "people" areas.  Then they complain that they don't fit in either place.  Either quit complaining about how you are perceived or stay with your own "people".

Why should those who study, work hard and make something of themselves, have carry those who choose NOT to do the same?

Segregation happens on it's own, we want to be with our own kind!

JENNY U ARE NUMB NUTS : i have 10 close friends from age 56 to 70 that live in that country and i have been DOWN to THE GARDEN OF EADEN at least 8 times in 40 years and the longest was 9 months to celberate my devorce . the shorest was 3 weeks vacation . ( yea i can not type or spell ) i love MIXED RACE WOMEN even here in LA COUNTY CALIF . but their is to much HIV and AIDS in that country by people of EUROPE AND AFRICA bringing it to that country JUST LIKE TIELAND .

Obummer should call Eric Holder about this immediately and order a 10 billion dollar investigation.

More people died in the civil war to give black people freedom yet after all those million of people dieing and all these years they use the slave thing to complain and get government prferencial treatment for college and jobs. It is time the black race made people think they are better by improving their image. If they had a good image they would be respected and they have control of their image.Here the media goes again trying to inflict their one sided ideals and their racial and gay morals on the rest of the world

Now you folks understand why African tribal chiefs sold their citizens to those naive slave traders many years ago.

All that tells me is Brazil has lots of mutants!

What about the "big head" people of Brazil?

"DISCRIMINATE" HAA try telling the NFL/NBA/BASEBALL/COLLEGE SPORTS??? just google up any team and count the ratio of WHITE/BLACK-MINORITIES?? and you tell who is the dominering races?? not to mention the all the free GOV'T HANDOUTS TOO?? facts are facts out do care how you cut it but pro sports rosters along with watching them on tv speak for themselvs.

I am "superwhite" and have been working with latinos for 30 yearsThere are the most racist people that I ever encountered. They call their own kind like "pinche indio" ( Read F indians) or" Esos pinche indios no sirven" ( these F indians are worthless). They need to look in their own backyard before blaming the white for their own problems

As a scientist,  it would not be right  to support any claim that the  Native intelligence is the prerogative of any particular ethnic group.The Incas had tremendous knowledge of Astronomy.The Pharoahs built those enormous  pyramids  displaying deep knowledge of Geometry and Construction techniques which baffle the modern day architects and civil engineers.The Romans exhibited great knowledge of hydraulics in building the viaducts to supply water to their cities.   The famous underground cistern  ( Basilica Cistern) in Istanbul is the standing monument of their ability to harvest the Rain Water ( RWH)  to provide city water supply.The Hindus made a lasting contribution to the field of mathematics by developing the   DECIMAL SYSTEM  with invention of the unique concept of  0 (zero).   To  appreciate this contribution,  just imagine  doing multiplication using Roman Numerals -  VII x V = ?   ( 35 in decimal)The opportunity or lack thereof,  to develop the native intelligence makes the difference between groups !!But  culture is unique to each society, each ethnic group.    That, the social scientists will agree,  definitely  influences the  advancement of a group or a society.

Lots of "Brazil nuts' obviously

Oh hell.

People who are always looking for an excuse and someone to blame are never going to get ahead. That is why blacks still lag behind Whites, Asians, and Latinos.So , when we look at nations in which the vast majority are black , asian , or hispanic , how do we explain the prejudice  , abuse , and disparity of income ?We put it where it belongs . We blame their Vampire Elite .

Come on people truthfully we are ALL racist some just get more butt hurt over it then others............... It's what made america............

Brazil like the rest of Latin American is extremely racist!

The last word in my blog was tampered with so I will say it again!BTW my wife is German and she hates racists and N -zi's.

Modern American Currency.One dollar bill: George Washington.Five dollar bill: Abraham Lincoln.Ten dollar bill: Alexander Hamilton.Twenty dollar bill: Andrew Jackson.Fifty dollar bill: Ulysses S. GrantOne hundred dollar bill: Benjamin Franklin.Food Stamps: Barack Obama.

Wouldn't it be nice if we were all just earthlings.......Some believe that.......

Look in Brazil's prisons for proof of demographic representation.

Brazil is a Fascist state. Where the rich and powerful rule and everyone else is a slave, living in poverty. Orphaned kids roam the streets, and die there, treated like trash. But you will see a different Brazil when the Olympics arrive.

Maybe after Obama is through fixing all the racism that he says exists here he can go to Brazil and stay permanately and fix Brazil's problems.

Racism is kept alive and well today by the NAACP, Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton,Obama, etc. MLK would be very disappointed by today's "gimme, gimme" society.Acorn, Obama, NAACP, Congressional BLACK Caucus, Jeremiah Wright, Al Sharpton,Jessee Jackson, Louis Farakhan, ALL PURE LOWLIFE FILTH FROM HELL ITSELF!!

What a nightmare that place is.

The government has done everything humanly possible for the mixed races and still they complain.  Or at least that's what the media wants' you to believe.

You forgot to mention 'Brazilian tranny girls'!

Quelle la vie?

they just destroy

Can anybody name a majority black country that is successful without outside (white) help?

Banking / Realestate Reforms are needed if they can keep people out of certain neighborhoolds because of their color !!!!!!!! George Carlin was right they do own the best land !.

And the problem is.

Excluded from high rent WHITE neighborhoods??. Is this tied to George Zimmerman being a white hispanic?? How many WHITES inhabit Brazil???I used to let my canines breed indiscriminately but all I got was a lower price for worm resistant mongrels.

Oh good. Another country has to put up with their crying. HEY!! Check our Kenya, Zimbabwe, Somalia, etc.... what's your excuse there! They still live in the pre industrial revolution age, contribute NOTHING to the world, depend on our handouts much like their cousins here, and FRANKLY if all the blacks here, still lived there, we'd NEVER have heard of Oprah, Jorden, NONE of them. Theyd be living in huts and scrounging for food like the rest. Without the inventions of whites, like our economic system (Obama is ruining) radio, Television, basketball, football, m#$%$ communication, medicine, etc etc etc NONE of the blacks in America would be wealthy. PLUS our NON working lazy #$%$ ghetto rats live BETTER then the working do over there. FACT.So shut up and say thanks.

Blacks will never be economic equals of whites because they are significantly less intelligent and have far less future time orientation. This is genetic and there is nothing you can do about it. If we all just stopped pretending that all people are equal the world would be a better place.

wah wah wah wah,  i needs special treatment  wah wah wah wah

Brazilian women are a lot of fun.

Mixed race??? Black X anything else is still black...

is it really the whies fault that they dont want to be bums in mostly get out there and work?

No one likes blacks, blacks don't even like blacks.

What ever happend to sticking to your own kind.

by the way they speak portuguese in Brazil not spanish or whatever language that shirt is (french?)Interbreeding means a mixing of genes.  When you mix genes, your results vary.  One person may get all the "crazy" genes and another may get all the "stable" genes.  Think about it.

I wonder why the color of your skin brings out such hate? Also what does that have to do with you learning? And black can't be all bad because too many stars are adopting black skinned children. Also Black men have migrated over to white women! So why still is BLACKS labeled lazy, shiftless, not teachable? Jump in anybody and give it your best shot I wanna hear from you! Most of all why have not more blacks adopted white children who need a home &amp; love?

I don't think race has anything to do with social status. The Jews in Europe were highly discriminated against and yet a lot them made up bankers, doctors, scientist, and even got involved in politics. Heck they were even able to convince Britain to take Palestine for them so they could have their old ancestral land back. Asians are also highly discriminated against yet they are starting to make up more and more of the population at major universities in America. Discrimination does not make someone go to the low end of society.

The most racists people in the world are blacks vs other blacks.  "light" skinned feel superior to "dark" skinned.

If I use both hands on my keyboard, am I stereo typing?

United States Correctional control rates are highly concentrated by race and geography:1 in 11 black adults (9.2 percent)1 in 27 Hispanic adults (3.7 percent).1 in 45 white adults (2.2 percent).1 in 18 men (5.5 percent).1 in 89 women (1.1 percent).(From the PEW Charitable Trust).

What is the makeup of their prison population?

If you are lazy and lack self discipline. You will ALWAYS be at the bottom.

Why do Asians have to score higher than any other group to get into the top colleges?  How many slaves did they own in America?

Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah!..#$%$ Brazil. The doors of the United States are wide open to any Brazilian who wants or needs to come here for work. But don't you DARE try to go to Brazil to do any specialized work. You will literally "miss your ship".I think may people who look white are actually of mixed race here in USA and in Brazil.

The blacks and low life races are trying to destroy the USA also.

What do you have to say about all the poor white trash? There should be no excuses. What about the millions on welfare with and filthy children in tow. They shop at Wal Mart at 2 oclock in the morning so blacks won't see them.

Black?  it's all relative.  Even the so-called "whites" are mixed.  Everything is based on appearances, not true genetics, just like in this racist country.

I would like to do a simple study on racism.  At midnight, take a black and drop him off in a white neighborhood.  At the same time take a white lib and drop him off in the ghetto.  In an hour which is most likely to be investigated by a cop and which is most likely to be investigated by a coroner.

every time you compare the wages of blue collar workers to white collar workers you will find a differance in their incomes, no matter what "color" you are.

Look at Mexico. Most of the rich mexicans look white or are fair skinned.

Funny how liberal our media folks are when discussing other countries racial issues...it's almost like they were behind the civil rights movement here in the US instead of kissin' butt with the good 'ol boys who financed their broadcasting and publishing empires. #$%$ politics I notice still are treated like reverent platitudes by the folks in the big glass offices...as long as none of the jokes are anti Semitic.

I don't think white people are their problem. Look at somalia, there are no white people there and black poverty is even worse.

Brazil needs to look at South Africa and ignore suggested Racism and allow those most qualified irrespective of race to run their country. With Obama we chose color over ability and now we are paying for it!I'd like to add some cream to that coffee.

obamma's my name...race is my game

If you hate someone simply because of their color you are in the wrong. This statement INCLUDES blacks who hate whites.

Sound like Brazil needs a community organizer.

countries soiled with history of slavery seem to be doomed.  soiled with the remnants.

Make no mistake -Open a book and you'll see history has proven time and time again that it was black African slave traders that invaded, looted, captured, and traded members from other African clans to other traders from around the world.  In fact, it still goes on to this day in parts of Africa!However, you'll never hear about that.  Instead, it's only evil, rich, white Europeans that were the only slave traders in the world.

it’s funny everywhere whites go they build themselves up and become rich but blacks always look for hand out and never seem to be able to get ahead because of their skin color what a bunch of bull chit, I work my but off and everyone hates me because I have more than they do envy is the word funny how this works worldwide they breed like pigs and expect everyone else to take care of their responsibilities

So whites are the minority and yet blacks are still not as affluent as the whites, definitely there is a race issue but not because the whites are keeping the blacks down, blacks are the majority after all.  :D     Get it in your head, Whitey is not the cause of everyone's failures.

We need to stop talking about race.If you are free you can go as far as your God given talents and hard work will take you.People are not equal when it comes to talent, skill, motivation, drive, etc.  There will always be poor and rich.We should not strive for equality but strive to have as much individual freedom and economic liberty as possible so every person can determine their own fate in life, free from the burdens of government.Freedom is the answer.

the largest ghettos in the world is what their diversity and immorality has brought them perfect example of why we need to keep these people under control in the u.s.I don't know what the racial balance is, but the mental balance is pegged at stupid.

This Brazilian scenario of exclusion exists in India, too. The "caste" system is alive and well and living in too many regions of Our World!!

_____Oddly the EXACT SAME----Race Based---"social pyramid...Whites at the top, Dark at the Bottom"---is found ALL OVER THE WORLD because its a----a FUNCTION OF BIOLOGY---Read the new Book "IQ and Wealth of Nations" where the world Top Scientist in this Field (Dr. R. Lynn Harvard/Berkely) used the research of over.....500...Different Scientific Research teams (from around the world) to show there are-------LARGE RACIAL DIFFERENCES IN BRAIN SIZE AND INTELLIGENCE.Dr Lynn then shows that these-----LARGE RACIAL DIFFERENCES IN BRAIN SIZE AND INTELLIGENCE----are without Question-----GENETIC DIFFERENCES----by showing that Mixed Race (Wht/Blk) Children---ALSO---have much Lower IQs than White Children,.Dr Lynn also confirms this basic  law of Human Biology by pointing out that even in the East (far away from "evil" White Caucasians) the same----LAW----Hold true. In Asia (once again) we find-----WHITE ASIANS----at the top of the Pyramid with Brown Asians in the middle and Blacks and Black Aboriginals at the Bottom....once again this is a BRAIN SIZE AND IQ PYRAMID.The BIG MEDIA can keep....PRETENDING...this is all just a "social construct"  all they want but the FACT is its a ------BIOLOGICAL CONSTRUCT-----and its not going to change.

It's all based on the misconception that white people are all plotting together in some conspiracy to keep black people down. Surprise!, I don't sit around in my white neighbors basement planning on how to keep some black guy from getting the opening position at my company. Maybe if black people just worked hard and/or got an education instead of blaming and pointing fingers, then their lives wouldn't suck so much.

How come blacks would gladly live in a 'racist' country over a black one?

People should go to college and get jobs based on their knowledge not because of their race and the government. TV has done everything it could to make people in America think it is fine to intermarry. What we are seeing now is the illegal immigrants are having more babies here in America than either whites or blacks.

it is hilarious to read all of those blaming others for the bias, racism and hate. no one to blame but your selves. just because you were taught to hate does not not mean you can not change.

Why is it that those ethnic groups with the smallest genitalia have the highest populations??

Same with some of them dumb as white mescans thinkin they all that. Still talkin that europeans white mans spanish and thinkin they is roman catholics they just a bunch of confused mixed breed injuns

Is the USA going to adopt Brasil or just give money???Why is this item printed in the Political news???Blacks and Whites and they all speak SPANISH?  Wow. We'll be there soon, Mexicans or other Spanish-speakers are our #1 Minority already...in THIS country.

There's nothing wrong with interracial marriage but it will kinda be a shame when racial identities disappear and there are no longer blacks, whites, aborigines, Eskimos, Indians, native American tribes, Asians and don't think that will make everyone get along either. There are always reasons for people to divide up and hate each other. Wealth, property, politics, nationality, religion, even clothing styles, behaviors. And have you ever read comments on stories about smart phones? The IOS and Android people hate each other as much as anyone has every hated anyone and engage in wild mean accusations and name calling. It is human nature to become a sheep, join a herd and hate everyone that is not in your group.

Cities in Brazil are very dangerous. People like to always point their finger at the USA but we are farther ahead than any other nation in equal rights

1. Speak Spanish, not a mix of Spanish and profanity. 2. Graduate from High School, not drop out as soon as you legally can. 3. Don't take illegal drugs. 4. Don't do any crimes. 5. Attend and graduate, from college. 5. Arrive to work daily, on time! Not always late. 6. Stay at work. Stop taking sick days, even when you are not sick. 7. Throw away the "race card."And most important - 8. Stop blaming whites for the fact that you are just plain LAZY.

Sounds like here. Democrats Keep the Blacks Uneducated and Poor for Votes.

Them Brazilians aint imported no slaves yall know dam well it was the great britians spain them colonizing frenchmen and them dam portuguese. Why do you think south america brazil talk that portuguese shet

Look at Zimbabwi, formerly called Rhodesia and the Breadbasket of Africa when whites ruled. Today the people there are starving for lack of food. Look at Angola, where Portugese white women were routinely raped on their way out of the country in 1975. Twenty-seven years of civil war followed which have left that country just another African sl^t-hole. Then look at South Africa, slowly but surely going the way of Rhodesia, with no hope in sight. Blacks ARE inferior, and the proof is everywhere!

Obama is doing a good job dividing America .

WELL DUH, blacks generally have not done well where ever they are, look at the black continent of africa, they still need the white, yellow and  brown men to support them.

Same same in Mexico and in Haiti.  The lighter the skin and less ethnic looking seem to be the movie stars, politicians, news people, etc;  and tend to be the hierachy;  the people of influence.How is it that black "folks" in England can speak English as well as white"folks" and the ones in America have this ridiculous ebonics twang?

If blacks ran this country it would be one Large Detroit.  That's a fact.  Show me just one successful country run by blacks??

I once heard a man say, whitie can come along for the ride but he has to sit in back of the bus.

I think it all have to do with knowing who you are.  not taking anything less. If a people just cry and complaint and do nothing to change their conditions they remain the same people.  everything starts in the mind..

In America, whites have as much opportunity as any other race to oppressive lives of squalor.

I just spent a month traveling by car with some Brazilian friends.  They live in the favela above Ipanema Beach.  They moved up there because it was cheaper and I stayed a few days.  The police cleared out all the drug dealers and the people were friendly.  I stood out since I am light skinned, blond with blue eyes.  But it was interesting.  I even ran into 4 young college girls from the USA who were staying with Brazilians up there for a brief cultural exchange experience as part of a college stay they had in Southern Brazil.  However, unlike them, I speak and understand Portuguese pretty well which was always a surprise to people I would meet.  It comes in handy because English is not spoken by most people and especially true when you get outside a big city.My friends and I traveled North about 1,000 miles and visited many beautiful places along the way, mostly beach towns. The countryside is stunningly  beautiful with incredible rock formations cropping up.  But the road system is all two lanes like the USA in the 50s before the interstate highway system was up and running.  So given the rolling hills nature of the land, you often get stuck behind trucks on uphill grades although in certain parts there were passing lanes.It is true that racial mixing was very prevalent with striking results.  They say there about 48 different skin tones. My observation was that the darker skinned people were exotic in appearance while the lighter skinned people where more European looking.  There also a large number of women and men who were beautiful with beautiful bodies.However, it is a fact that there are differences in opportunity and mostly due to lack of education and poverty. Lulu did a lot to help change this and Dilma seems to be following.  However, I think some policies of loosening of credit for mortgages is creating a housing price bubble that will pop like it did in the USA.  But, other than the soap operas which Brazilians are addicted to that do present a variety of Black/White actors and actresses, most of the other channels like news or variety shows, etc have predominately lighter skinned people.  The descendants of the Portuguese still pretty much run things as is the case in business and professions.I didn't detect anything indicating racial acrimony and found the people friendly and engaging.  But I was traveling North up to the city of Salvador which is very dark because that was the main place the slaves were brought in.  Fundamentally, you go North of Rio, the skins get darker.  You go South of Rio, they get lighter.  I was told that Blacks are often targeted by police, especially if they are driving a nice car.I don't know how Rio will do as the host for the Olympics as the infrastructure needed is in short supply. Also, unless you are staying at a high priced hotel, most accommodations are pretty spartan by Western standards.  Also, when you are on the road, bring your own toilet paper and get the kind suitable for septic systems or only stop at places where the buses stop as the bathrooms are usually well maintained.

The USA ,So from slaves to puppets of the Democrat Party not a lot of change in 150 years after the Civil War?....

I wish the white leftist who control the media would stop fanning the flames of racism for their own purposes. All the leftist media wants is enough votes to get "same sex marriage" thru. After they have achieved this the minorities will be amazed at how fast the liberals forget about them. this is true !!!!

Interbreeding has done nothing. Brazil is a hole.

In Gods eyes we are all the same color. But here on Earth some of us have greater abilities.I have purebred dogs and horses...What is the big deal about people wanting some pure whites blacks and orientals left in the world??

There will always be a black and white divide no matter what. Redistribution of income will not solve this issue. Higher formal education is the only way to escape poverty.

Sounds like the U.S., which is forever being accused of being racist, is doing a better job on assimilation of diveerse groups than the vaunted Brazil!

how could there be racism when the country is a Spanish country.....do u mean latinos are racist......clean up your own back yard before you criticize others of racism

Racism will die in America when the media and the blacks let it....and there's far too much to lose to let that happen.

Jobs are being outsourced to China, our debt is exploding, our congress is dysfunctional.There are people that have 30 Obama phones in their possession. I understand there are people that truly need the benefits. However, there are a lot of people who are taking advantage of the system at the expense of people who work hard day in and day out. This effects future generations with an insurmountable level of debt.Since 2000, 40,000 manufacturing facilities have been closed in America. This has gutted our manufacturing capacity. We have millions of college graduates who want to do the right thing in life by getting an education. However, they are saddled with an albatross of college debt. They cannot buy a house or even a car. QE3 was terrible because it suppresses savings rates on CDs. Thus people cannot save for retirement. We are in a mess.On the other hand, our streets are less and less safe, our freedoms and rights are in danger. As per the FBI statistics, blacks do 7 times more murder, 8 times more robbery and 3 times more fire-armed crimes than whites. Blacks are an estimated 39 times more likely to commit violent crime against a white person than vice versa, and 136 times more likely to commit robbery (ask me for more info and sources, I can't wait to post them).Diversity is not working. Those that live in it, regret to have it, after a while you see actually people segregating themselves, it is not a happy mix, each groups will mostly befriend his own and there will be ghettos and gated communities. Those who don't live in diversity, didn't have their beautiful principles smashed yet it seems, they know a couple from other races and of course they are fine, so they want diversity and multiculturalism, because the mainstream says this is how liberal and good people should want. The problem is the numbers, a few is okay but more of it and the utopia is shattered. It is just the nature of things.

Brazil is not successful and not really a melting pot (the blacks and the native maybe and yes indeed a few of the whites): the poor blacks live in favelas and the rich whites live in their gated and arm-guarded white neighborhood. The white poor and middle class live in between, a buffer if needed (the rich are protecting themselves like this too). Is that the future you want for the US?!?!? For your/our children?!?! So sad...I read somewhere that many people have that “Great Liberal Dream”-- the unfounded and quixotic belief that racism will disappear with miscegenation. This has clearly not happened in places with considerable historic miscegenation like the Caribbean, Venezuela, Mexico and indeed Brazil, where lighter skinned, more Europeanized people, form the ruling elites. This will I think also be the case in the US, even if there is more miscegenation among the lower and middle classes. Anyway this doesn't increase the stability or unity of a given country. The US may really become a new “Latin” country within the next century because I think the changes happening in the US are not to transfer power to Hispanics or Blacks (or in Europe to Muslims) but to decrease the power of the white middle- and working-class, who are still capable of opposing their elites. Once the US is majority-minority, it's the end of a democratic rule, a small white elite will have absolute power like the Sinaloa white elite in Mexico, or the whites in Brazil and in the rest of South America.This future should not present a pleasant prospect to those who grew up in a white American during the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s. These were surely our greatest days as a unified, FREE and prosperous European style country.I don't care about pretty. I care about freedoms, rights and achievements like technology, medicine, science, literature, mathematics, education, political, art and yes economy and success AND less crimes. The US success still happens because if still feeds on the hard work done by our intelligent European ancestors but obviously it is less and less strong. We are loosing our status of superpower and free country.

Lets face the truth. Most Whites don't want to live next to blacks. Period!

What is more the truth is that people they are speaking of are of Spanish and Portuguese decent and therefore lighter skinned than the indigenous people.  The term "white" is a strategic misuse of words....  These are not white people they are from southern Europe...

Racism is the opposite of Genocide..Being white rocks!

No one can predict who they are born to. Grow up!

U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics. Not adjusted for inflation. In 2007, around $74 billion was spent on corrections in the United States.The total number of inmates in 2007 in federal, state, and local lockups was 2,419,241. That comes to around $30,600 per inmate. The U.S. has the highest number of inmates on earth....as well as the highest per capita number of inmates. (number of inmates locked up per thousand of the population).

Incarceration rate in the USA for federal and state prisons in 2007 was the highest in history of the country. It was 5.5 times greater than the sharp peak that occurred during the Great Depression at 137 per 100,000 in 1939.[37] Historically, the current US incarceration rate is comparable to the record-high Soviet Union's levels before World War II when the USSR's population reached 168 million, and 1.2 to 1.5 million people were in the Gulag system's prison camps and colonies (i.e. about 800 people imprisoned per 100,000 residents, according to numbers from Anne Applebaum and Steven Rosefielde). The Soviet Union's incarceration rates from 1934 to 1953 were historically the world's highest for a modern age country, according to The Gulag Archipelago book by Nobel Prize winner Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. However, the US total population incarcerated is 2,266,800 as of 2010. That amounts to over 719 citizens per 100,000. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

Prison rape in the United States: Living facilities in California State Prison (July 19, 2006)The non-governmental organization Human Rights Watch raised concerns with prisoner rape and medical care for inmates. In a survey of 1,788 male inmates in Midwestern U.S. prisons by Prison Journal, about 21% claimed they had been coerced or pressured into sexual activity during their incarceration....and 7% claimed that they had been raped in their current facility. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

Incarceration in the United States: Number of inmates. 1920 to 2006. (absolute numbers) General US population grew 2.8 times in the same period. The number of inmates increased more than 20 times. 7,225,800 adults were under correctional supervision (probation, parole, jail, or prison) in 2009. A graph showing the incarceration rate under state and federal jurisdiction per 100,000 population 1925-2008. Does not include prisoners held in the custody of local jails, inmates out to court, and those in transit. The male incarceration rate is roughly 15 times the female incarceration rate. Inmates held in custody in state or federal prisons or in local jails, December 31, 2000, and 2009–2010. Incarceration in the United States is one of the main forms of punishment, rehabilitation, or both for the commission of felony and other offenses. The United States has the highest documented incarceration rate in the world. At year-end 2009, it was 743 adults incarcerated per 100,000 population. According to the U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS), 2,266,800 adults were incarcerated in U.S. federal and state prisons, and county jails at year-end 2010 – about 0.7% of adults in the U.S. resident population. Additionally, 4,933,667 adults at year-end 2009 were on probation or on parole. In total, 7,225,800 adults were under correctional supervision (probation, parole, jail, or prison) in 2009 – about 3.1% of adults in the U.S. resident population. In addition, there were 70,792 juveniles in juvenile detention in 2010. (from U.S. incarceration/Wikipedia).

One in 31 U.S. Adults are Behind Bars, on Parole or Probation:  Today, corrections imposes a national taxpayer burden of $68 billion a year. Despite this increased spending, recidivism rates have remained largely unchanged. Research shows that strong community supervision programs for lower-risk, non-violent offenders not only cost significantly less than incarceration but, when appropriately resourced and managed, can cut recidivism by as much as 30 percent. Diverting these offenders to community supervision programs also frees up prison beds needed to house violent offenders, and can offer budget makers additional resources for other pressing public priorities.One in 31: The Long Reach of American Corrections provides a detailed look at who is in the corrections system and which states have the highest populations of offenders behind bars and in the community. Key findings include:One in 31 adults in America is in prison or jail, or on probation or parole. Twenty-five years ago, the rate was 1 in 77.Overall, two-thirds of offenders are in the community, not behind bars. 1 in 45 adults is on probation or parole and 1 in 100 is in prison or jail. The proportion of offenders behind bars versus in the community has changed very little over the past 25 years, despite the addition of 1.1 million prison beds.Correctional control rates are highly concentrated by race and geography: 1 in 11 black adults (9.2 percent) versus 1 in 27 Hispanic adults (3.7 percent) and 1 in 45 white adults (2.2 percent); 1 in 18 men (5.5 percent) versus 1 in 89 women (1.1 percent).The rates can be extremely high in certain neighborhoods. In one block-group of Detroit’s East Side, for example, 1 in 7 adult men (14.3 percent) is under correctional control.Georgia, where 1 in 13 adults is behind bars or under community supervision, leads the top five states that also include Idaho, Texas, Massachusetts, Ohio and the District of Columbia. (from the PEW Charitable Trust).

So much for integration.

who cares about a trash country

I think most people of any race in any country around the world are prejudiced toward any other race, not because of the color of their skin, but because of their cultural character and behavior in society.I think Brazilian soccer team of early 2000's and late 1990's Ronaldo rivaldo romario roberto carlos will take down todays spanish soccer team...

Trailor Trash;  why did you tire of the name Bill Clinton.  Hillary caught you looking at porn again.

So that's what Brazil Nuts are.

I have been to many parts of Brazil...They have the worst SLUMS on the planet. Many of them the size of NYC...There are millions of people without TV or running water. AIDS and other diseases are scattered throughout Brazil....That country is Condemned by God.

brazilians call brazilian japanese descendants JAPAS..sounds racist to me.. when the santos soccer team went to japan several years ago to play in the club championship they did a beer commercial squinting their eyes like asians.. there was no local outrage over this as this seemed acceptable. so the discrimination is not only shown to blacks there

Coincidentally, darker skinned Orientals are frequently looked down upon by lighter skinned Orientals.

Everyone is a racist. There are good racist, bad racist, and all the rest of us. We are ALL Racist! The "Bad Ones" are easy to spot, and hard to talk to. The "Good One" are easy to spot, and equally hard to talk to. It is the rest of us who have the only chance to make anything better. I recognize that I prejudge people based on race, as they do me, and after we interact for awhile, I will either recognize that this person does not fit into my prejudices, Or they have reenforced it. It is the same for them. It can not be legislated, it can not be made right by more racist laws to "Right Things". It can only come from people. Laws do not make people treat each other correctly.

Haiti is proof that the black race, on it's own, is an utter failure in the modern world (not that we need more proof than what we already have). It is the most filthy, wretched, miserable, disgusting place on Earth. It is pure heII...and other than the bleeding heart whites that are there to feed and help care for its citizens, that place is ALLLLLLL black.Pretending that all races are equal is getting old and tiresome.

Racism has existed since the begining of recorded history and will always exist under mans rule.

It's an issue of culture and mentality and there is more to success than money and an high end job position in this society. My grandmother was uneducated (no high school degree) raised 7 children and also helped in the raising of 5 grandchildren. We all came out educated, respectful and productive citizens. In my eyes, she accomplished a lot than many and she did not need academics or a lot of money to do it. We all need to find our place in this world to make it work and we need to stop pointing fingers at each other. And this constant talk about Black and White need to stop because this world does not only revolve around us.Fortunately for us humans fate and karma do not discriminate. When that sword of justice starts a swinging, it doesn't care who is in the way. So remember you reap what you sow. Treat everyone with respect regardless of your pre-conceived beliefs. One day you will have to answer for your actions. Believe it.

sorry folks, i'm white but not at the top of the pyramid, yet again, i'm not trash eithor.  havent made much money, (still poor, but not sucking at the hind teat of the govt), but thats my fault.  need some motivation.  but what the heck, i'm still happy.  directed motivation is what is needed in this great country (its still great),

Race means nothing to me,,,,its a matter of class,,,,I would not personally care if every person on my block was of a different race. I find women of every culture attractive,,,,,black, hispanic, asian, european, etc. The problem in this world is lack of education, and good home upbringings. I always wondered, if the hardest criminal, gang banger, or bad person, had been raised in a very strong supportive family structure, would that child turn out different??? I would say "yes",,,,success starts at home and in school,,,,,

This is just natural selection. It happens anywhere you go in the world. Any country run predominantly by blacks is a #$%$ hole, and that is a fact.

Sounds like the USA to me....

Here's another anti-white racially-motivated article by the liberal media. The comment of "lesson to the United States now in the transition to a majority-minority nation".  I'm sick and tired of politically-correct anti-white categorization of white vs non-white. I suspect the writer of the article (Jenny Barchfield) belongs to a racial/ethnic group that does not mix with other groups and keeps to ititself. She's part of the liberal crowd who are hypocrites.Just having racial classifications of white vs non-white is racist in itself. The so-called non-white members are composed of many racial and cultural subgroups themselves. Brazil's social, racial, and cultural makeup are Brazil's and not the United States. In regards to Affirmative Action, it is the institutionalized racial discrimination against white people in the United States today. It should've been abolished years ago.

That's the way it is all over South America and the "Hispanic TV" here in the U.S. is the same way. seems the "Activists" say nothing about that, though. I've read accounts of how slaves were worked to death, concentration camp style in Brazil, because it was cheaper overall to replace them. This is a FACT.

The president of the Brazilian Supreme Court (Chief Justice) is black. There are many blacks and mixed race Brazilians in positions of power as there are many white maids and doormen. It is education, not race.

Culture. Education. Intelligence. Behavior.

As an American, I like to watch Univision and Telemundo to practice my Spanish and 'cause the gals are so hot; but I'm always amazed at how I never see anyone darker than light, cocoa-coloring on screen. They don't have black people in these Latin American counties? Or hot dark-skinned gals? I'd like to see some!!Multi-cultralism sucks!

Oh no that can't be as they cast their sanctimonious aspersions on the US for being racist. It would be funny is it wasn't so pathetic!

I was working in Brasil off and on between 2001 and 2005 for an aerospace company. One of the engineers boasted about how much more racially integrated his country (Brasil) was than mine (US). As I watched the workers file into the factory, I laughed and pointed out how all the dark skinned folks went down onto the factory floor and janitorial spaces, and the light skinned white collars went up into the office floors. Yeah, really integrated.

In Brazil racial identification is based on what you look like and how you see yourself.  So their census figures can be very misleading.   In Brazil you can be a lite skined black person and identify as a white person on the census.  In Brazil you can come from a mix race family where one person will be identified as white while their sibling will be identified as black.

You can put lipstick on a pig and still a pig!

BRAZIL IS A FUTURE GLIMPSE OF THE "NEW AMERICA"

This is why their crime rate is so high.

Many african countries are lead by africans and they are not doing well at all...not trying to imply that it is because they are black, but because of that totalitarian mental restraint that is inherited from generation to the next. Too many tribes trying to take power for themselves abd of course the losers would not be happy...Rwanda is a clear example....tutsi against huttu..800,000 tutsi masacred by the huttu. This happens all around the world where there are two or more ethnicities. As unfair as it might look, we still have much better than in the rest of the world....Every brain is a whole world within itself, if you are sane, do somehing to better yourself and stop making excuses and stop demanding a free ride.

ATTENTION GHETTO PEOPLE: Please continue to kill yourselfs. You will be doing us awhite people a favor. Thank you!

N NationalA AssocationA AnnoyingC CryingP Peoplehmm Be careful what you wish for seems to be the adage here ..Being the majority ...doesnt equate to having wealth or powerThere are white, blonde, blue eye, South Americans .

Brazil is one of the few countries on earth which practiced slavery on a mass-scale up into the modern era....as the U.S. did. Brazil is now ALSO experiencing extreme dysfunction/poverty/crime in their African Brazilian communities....as the U.S. is......in African American communities.

There are now more black men under the control of the U.S. Prison System.....then were enslaved in 1860.

the very wind that propels the multi-cultural ship shall one day sink it...multi-culturalism doesn't work and diversity breeds polarization...

I am not interested in Brazil, screw them. We have our own problems to concentrate here in the US.

Yuk!

This just a continued attack against the successful people by the liberal media. People who get a good education, work hard to achieve wealth should not be subjected to these attacks. Most media people don't even begin to earn the high salaries they are getting today. If you goof off during your years of education and can hardly read or write, then maybe you should be working on the back of a garbage truck

By 2040 hispanics - a mixed race people would be majority in USA. And 8 senators crafting Amnesty for illegals almost all hispanics will gonna hasten that process  10 years earlier.

All this may be interesting to PCs, but my question is "what about qualifications".  "What about ability". Do you suggest the government just hand out MDs; disallow the bar for blacks; give them businesses.   I am all for them succeeding, but that will require some output; some ambition; some responsibility on their part.   If you are going to give me these kinds of comparisons, how about comparing education; IQ; ability...you know...simple stuff like that.

The U.S. is well on the way to real racial justice due to  the Presidential terms of Obama with his policy of wealth redistribution camouflaged in The Obama Care Program and a universal expansion of public assistance for the needy who generally are those of color.Blacks destroy or at least #$%$ the advancement of any civilization they encounter.  Look at facts and don't let cries of "racism" blind you to the truth.

Lets see. Whites go to war for profit and drops bombs on innocent men,women,and children.Because murder is less personnal when you can see it. Make a false war and kill our soldiers and call it patriotism.Make deadly medicine for profit and generic crop with no food value.This killing is done by the millions.You think you can murder and say you believe in God with a straight face.Yeah you are truly the most evil and vile people on earth.

Thats why I'm going to retire in Brazil.

No worry, blacks don't like to work

They sure appear to have an abundance of beautiful ladies!

Are they talking about "white Hispanics"?   (whatever that is...)

There is one superior race.....THE WHITE RACE!!!! The rest are just meaninglesss!

stop dividing people news people.

In America Blacks  deliberately segregate. They have their own clubs, neighborhoods, churches, etc.  Why, because rules for civilized behavior are diffferent between Blacks and Whites.  If a White man sees someone guinned down in the street, he will report to the police or, if armed, intervene; a Black will look the other way or join in the shooting.  Intermarriage doesn't cure anything or mean anything.  You voluntarily segregate yourself based on skin color.  Oddly enough the only societal institution that does not practive voluntarily segregation is the Military where color doesn't matter as much as ability, loyalty, honor, etc.

Evolution caused this reality.Uh Oh......The KKK troll platoon is here....See ya!

Slaves were the guest workers of their time. Then, like now, they never went home.

Detroit is America's toilet bowl./\/egro infested, /\/egro governed, /\/egro approved...

hey..just like in Chicago; still low class though!!

I had a girlfriend that lived in Puerto Rico, her family was from Spain, and were considered superior to the darker skinned Puerto Ricans who had interbred with the African blooded that originally inhabited the island. I laughed at her, and told her that they were all considered the same to us.

lol not allowed in high rent areas because you don't have money not because they are white or you are black.... lol how #$%$ stupid are they? No wonder they don't have any money!

"So often times it happens, that we live our lives in chains. And we never even know we have the key." -- The Eagles

First, it isn't "racism" to assume someone is a maid in a country where the highest population of unskilled workers lives in favelas --it's a stereotype. And as to the marginalization which Nubia experiences; that is coming from other Brazilians. I lived in S.A. for two years and it isn't "the whites" who stereotype others. You should hear what Nicaraguans say about Mexicans.

No surprise, blacks are low class people.  They don't like to work, they steal, they deal drugs, they kill, they're ugly, have monkeys like rabbits, etc...etc...etc.Africa is older than Europe and look the #$%$ it is.

When Africans get in their hearts and heads that they should be proud of themselves that day they will rise to their potential..How tired are the poor Egyptians whenever they hear lazy African Americans stealing their glory? You share a continent not success...

Brazil has a greater problem with how they treat women.

the moral of the story:  Be true to your race..Love your race...Explore your races history...Stay within your races boundries without offending other races...Mixing the races can only bring sorror ...trouble...confusion.. and  distance by other races

3rd world barbaric human rights violators.  Since the majority are black or mixed, it wil be just a matter of time before they take over the government.  Wonder what the white brazilians will do then.

You can either whine and complain about your situtation or you can do something about it. Don't blame others; Nobody is responsible for your destiny except yourself.

Please show me a black country that is not poverty ridden!

Yeah, it's always the white man keeping blackie down. But you know what, blackie? If you had brains and ability, NOBODY could keep you down! Merit ALWAYS finds a way to rise to the top, just like creme!

White is the color of power.

Why is there no research into the exact cause as to why whites are at the top of the pyramid? Perhaps the truth would astound people, that whites are more productive, are more willing to help their neighbors, and generally have a more peaceful outlook on life.

People NEED to understand that the term "white" does NOT mean European only, its for anyone whos not Asian or Black. The real reason history books called the slave owners "white" was to hide their REAL identities, Arab and Jewish.In this country we have the constitutional right to "association" it is a natural form of socialization. So you fools and this commie journalist are going to turn the economy, and the societies upside down...I pray you harvest the result but then you will not recognise  the result as something you caused....may you burn in hell...soon

Mentality determines profession not skin color!

when will racism and discrimination cease to exist?  when mankind ceases to exist, its human nature, the cause of war, strife, crime.....

The definition of w----h---o----r----e is something that does not adhere to likeness or samness.There are alot of women in denial.

If Brazil does not like the peasant class it can liquidate them.

Whites are not the majority race in Brazil and Brazil have anti-white affirmative action policies???

I'm a light skined Black person who can pass for Arab, Indian or Hispaic (truly- no one ever thinks I'm Black). You should see the looks on the faces of Latinos when I insist that I am NOT one of them! (And tell them I'm Black)Yes, there is racism in the Latin World.

The whole idea of a melting pot is a lie created by the 'New World Order' to destroy the soverignty of nations &amp; individuality of different cultures. Segregation is a basic human trait. Just look at a high school lunchroom.

Phila just had a piece written in a major magazine about being white in a city with over 50% black. Suddenly the Mayor (black man) wanted an investigation into the reporter and Magazine. Reverse discrimination? You bet.

I thought the US was the most racist country, please pass this to Al SharptonThere are two sets of races in Brazil.  The European and Native Brazilians.

California is brazil. from mexicans, muslims to most blacks tv personalities. example jim hill sports has been on channel 2 for 40years.

Africa has been in a downward spiral since the colonialists left...........

BTW,  my wife is German,  and she hates racists and #$%$!

Once again, putting lipstick on a pig does not make it a peacock.

want to know why haiti is such a failure? Its all black and Brazil sent the most worthless slaves there and cast them ashore just to get rid of them. fact.

What does oprah, al sharpton and jesse jackson and your buddy obama all have in common?They are all racists!!!! They hate us white people!!!!!

If you want to experience some real ignorant and hateful racists, then observe some African Americans for awhile.

Brazil is in the top 20  countries with the highest homocide rate. But you would expect this with a demographic where blacks outnumber whites.

affimative action works great, just look at the Obamas !👳The number one sport in Brazil is fence jumping.

One country that finally has it right..a correct social pyramid.

Let me move to Brazil. I think this is just like the US lack of motivation or laziness causes this dilema. When they finally get it , things will change for them.

Yet another direct attack on blacks.  I would like to see how fast whites or any  other race rise after enslavement and segragation.  They would be worst off than any blacks.  My money is on blacks moving up.  Note: 35% of college students in Brazil are now non whites.  They number will continue to rise.  Blacks are on the move upward world wide!!!

There is a reason the rich get richer, and the poor get poorer. The fault doesn't rest on racism or anything other than the fact that people lower on the totem pole don't think the same way of how to be successful as those higher up.

I find it strange there is racism between dark blacks vs lighter blacks.

The tragedy of Africans throughout history has been of disunity, mindless violence.

Amazing...unless you kiss their sensitive black #$%$...you are automatically RACIST! How about judging it by education, cultural conformity and ABILITY!  If Whites are in higher positions, why is it so hard to accept that they EARNED IT???

BOTTOM LINE ON BRAZIL ....It's an oversize Dominican Republic.

It's obvious that the black race can't make it in the modern world without assistance and aid from other races. Being supposed "victims of racism" is the face saving excuse for their epic FAILOh boy. Here we go again with the race card. If you dark people don't like it then you know how to fix it. Only problem is you won't. You will blame whitey till the day you die and not do anything positive with you life. Exuse me while I play the worlds smallest violin for you.

failing to address this racial hierarchy is like giving obama and blacks an open invitation to carry out a violent insurgency. You know the guerillia element like to carry out political violence without provacation let alone with this much provacation

I do business with a number of Brazilians and the majority of them are well to do, influential Brazilians of color, not white.

I see nothing wrong. It appears to have a correct social pyramid.

Once the blacks are in charge you can say goodbye to that country. Pick any nation that is mostly black. Curruption, poor infrastructure and poverty abound. Then Islam will follow and it will be church.

No one wants to be around people different from themselves for any significant length of time. Even the sickbrained liberal though they'd NEVER admit it.

Just like blacks dominate professional sports. NO redistribution there

Education is the key, when the Black population realizes that then they will prosper

Now wekipedia says Cuba ic 65% white what up wit dat? Just what the hell is a white these days? Even George W Zimmerman claims he a white boy

Thousands of Nazi war criminals fled to Central and South America.Remember, "The Boy's from Brazil". Interesting that the article failsto mention this fact.Go ahead. Kick all the whites out and see how fast your miserable country deteriorates.

More race baiting brought to you by the unbiased media .

There is no such thing as too white

The summer Games are coming to Brazil, then the world will see just how messed up Brazil really is, stay tuned!

Look at America it's the same thing. Watch a Targit or Walmrat commerical on TV, all the customers and employees are smiling white people, and they're buying lots of stuff. everybody is thrilled with excitement.  Go into a store in the real world, and it's fuming minorities screaming to the staff about some nonsense, lots of attitude. There's no help around when you need it. Carts are left in the middle of the store abandoned filled with krap. Minority kids, shouting, running unsupervised through the store, damaging and stealing stuff, while 'mom' is snorting, or shooting something, or stealing. Nothing changes..., any smart white has left the neighborhood years ago.

Why is this a bad thing? Look at Detroit, Chicago, Los Angeles you name it high crime, gangs, drugs etc. I dont blame white people for wanting to have their own #$%$. Wish we were still like that here. When ever blacks, Latinos move into communities or get power everything goes to #$%$.THE TRUTH

I think mixed race black chicks are really hot..

Same happens in Mexico and other latin countries. SURPRISE !

Ironically, "liberals" love to 'control' others and 'BE controlled' themselves.

Affirmative action does not work.  We have been doing it here in the US for decades and whites are still out performing blacks.IQ is colorblind.  Today, low IQ white guys do poorly in life,  high IQ black guys do well. The common denominator of non-sports related successful minorities in the US (who don't work in goverment) is their IQ.  Anyone who ignores this and dismisses it has other fish to fry or has been PC conditioned in a US college. Average IQ of Europeans is 100, average IQ of sub-Saharan Africa is 70 (average IQ of African Americans is a logical 85, same as non-white Hispanics).

In my country there is one race that recieves free Govt. checks and even dictates which words in our vocabulary are  unacceptable.The minority here is white.

Everywhere the race card. Right on First L

Overt racism replaced by economic caste based upon skin color leaves the same BAD treatment &amp; results for those on the receiving end of it.

So if the government did a Michael Jackson skin bleach job on all of them it would make a difference in their lives?  I think not.  It's not the skin color that's holding them back.

In America we are still always being called a racist society and it seems only to be getting worse since our racist society elected a black man (born in Kenya, and a communist) Obama, as this has been used as a weapon by him and his party in the most disgusting and hateful way! Also, it is an easy excuse (copout) today for a community that is losing ground because of its own actions and liberal policies that is championed by the most corrupt and stupid system of wealth redistribution. As a white man, I am now the only one who cant have a club or organization solely based on that while everywhere else its a cultural plus! Fact is we don't want to join those groups but what an outcry if we did!Myself, My people were from northern europe and arrived here in the 1860's, some worked with blacks at plants, lived on farms and worked to become upper middle class individuals.So today, i'm a racist with slavery over our heads though we had less to do with that institutions creation then those who are always bring up racism! It does not matter what your family did or how they acted, you are only responsible for yourself and what you can control.I wont vote for a black just because he's black or because as liberal whites, feel guilty about their past (total idiots again), I sure do not! Now, if someone who is black feels that America is an exceptional place and wants its system unhindered by the dumbest policies ever in-acted by a free people, say Allin West, Ill keep an open mind but that wont be a factor in who I vote for!Yet we are a racist society? Wow!As for Brazil, its just starting because the haves and have nots are going down the same economic road!

nothing wrong with a hot black Brazilian princess

I'm Black. I made some good life long Brazilian friends a few years ago when a few came here through an international exchange program. I would have never guessed Brazil was so racist by judging them. They all considered themselves "white," I don't think so........ Maybe their tans just lasted during our warm fall, unusually cold winter of 2010, and mid Spring of 2011.  One Brazilian girl hinted at blacks and crime in her city, though. And one of the "white" Brazilian guys had untrustworthy eyes. he later randomly added me on Facebook year after he moved. So, maybe I was wrong. They were cool, but I'll hold off on that invite, though.

I don't think there is a pure race any longer, anywhere.  I don't know of one. Races have been intermixing for decades. It is just more acceptable in some places than others.  Mixed Latino women are among some of the most beautiful I have ever seen...naturally.

Brazil is a (b)astardized sewer. The crime rate is stratospheric. Their demographics will ensure their third rate status despite their so called economic "gains". Corruption still reigns supreme in Brazil.What is the scoop on the "big head" people of Brazil? I have been told they are from the north west region.

In America, it doesn't matter what race or color you are, you can achieve success if you work at it. President Obama is a prime example and so are many, many other people of color who are rich and successful in many ways. Having said that, enough with the statistics and percentages. You are what you make of yourself, despite the percentages. Hard work trumps race and color in America. Can't speak for Brazil, but I'm reasonably sure it does there to.

Name one place on earth were all people are equal...you can't.

When the talk about multiracialism they always focus on the economic inequalities of each racial group. They never talk about how multiracialism/multiculturalism is a never ending problem or how no racial group wants to be a minority. They never talk about how it is genocidal for a ethnic group to be once homogenous or a majority and then turn into a minority from immigration laws.

Lets face it most blacks want a hand out not a hand up. Just keeping it real.

Corrupt governments come in many colors, not just white politicians like the media wants us to believe.

The LIB_TARDS claim the US is the only racist country and only white Republicans. Idiots.

Hey Nubia...you can move to my USA neighborhood ANYTIME YOU LIKE...!

it has to do with genetics

the reason Eastern Europe is turning to #$%$ is because of mass muslim immigration. wherever there's a problem there's always a breakaway minority of muslims.. not white christiansBlack people are lower scoring in IQ tests all around the world.THAT is the problem, and it can' be fixed.So, let them clean up after whites.It is only natural.

if we allow the worthless libs to have their way, america will become a larger haiti....and this is something that no one wants...not even the blacks.

This is a sin of white European when they came to America and killed 50,000,000 American Indians

"People aren't used to seeing black people in positions of power," ...probably because people aren't used to seeing black STUDENTS doing well in school....or even going to school at all.

God separated the races....I presume with the intention they would stay that way ......

African Americans have only had about 45 years...since the passage of the U.S. Civil Rights Act in 1964...to recover from nearly 300+ years of economic exclusion/slavery/racism/abuse....continuing support to African American communities....and others....through our government/tax dollars....is not unreasonable. Brazil also practiced slavery on a massive scale...similar to America...and now see severe dysfunction in their African Brazilian populations.

The only thing that keeps America's race's together is green money. That's it. We need to split up America like Europe, each race can have it's own little country and there won't be any more race problems. If Blacks want Obama to run them a socialist state take the east coast. If Latins want Rubio to allow them to hop the border and start their own little country in Cali, let them have it. Let whites take the heartland and we can set up trade cities open to everyone while maintaining separate borders. No race war, no civil war, just peace for all.

they are going to change the name to BROzil to  the bros sure like going there for tourism... huum i wonder for what... lol

The white European Arab population is on top in Brazil...not many white people came to Brazil maybe just Germans...lol

Im looking for a good  maid. She would be perfect.Can somebody tell us about the "big head" people of Brazil? I think they are from the north west region..

It's very simple. If you are born poor, you have a lot further to go to get to social and economic equality. Money and success make you pretty in this world, nothing else. Start all kids equal, no poor school districts vs. rich school districts, you'd see this nonsense disappear in a generation.

The difference is Blacks in the US are MUCH more aggressive than Blacks in South America. Don't see the same thing in the US for the future.

"too affluent and educated to live in favelas but still largely excluded from high-rent white neighborhoods."---would YOU want Uncle Shady G and Aunt Janequia parking their escalade on the front lawn (sure gots 'da nice rims, though)

Another great example of the unbias media...!!!  NOT!

Newport65 is right.When was inevitable that the South was losing the war,rich slave owners emigrated to Brazil,where slavery was allowed.A town was founded,and called America,descendants of  those peoples are Brazilians now.Portuguese,were also slave traders,so Spaniards,Dutch ,most of the Europeans colonial power were in the slave business,even Arabs.As a paradox,Germany was not a colonial power,or ever was in the slave trade,during that time.

there's nothing inherently better about one race or the other...but why are most black people lazy, gangsters, and always trying to get a handout?

I didn't even know white people were in Brazil.  I thought they were Brazilians.

Whites will always dominate over the colored races because whites have higher IQs and the discipline, creativity, and know how, that the coloreds don't have. It's not a matter of "racism," which actually the coloreds are far more racist than the whites, it's a matter of the cream rising to the top. Forcing an equality by force through Affirmative Action just destroys the country and is immoral.

The simple fact is that White and Yellow people are innovative where as the Blacks and Browns either mooch or labor.......so what, we should mind our own business.

SOUNDS FAMILIAR, BIG TIME!

I just farted

Fury at DNA pioneer's theory: Africans are less intelligent than WesternersCelebrated scientist attacked for race comments: "All our social policiesare based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours - whereasall the testing says not really"One of the world's most eminent scientists was embroiled in an extraordinaryrow last night after he claimed that black people were less intelligent thanwhite people and the idea that "equal powers of reason" were shared acrossracial groups was a delusion.The 79-year-old geneticist reopened the explosive debate about race andscience in a newspaper interview in which he said Western policies towardsAfrican countries were wrongly based on an assumption that black people wereas clever as their white counterparts when "testing" suggested the contrary.He claimed genes responsible for creating differences in human intelligencecould be found within a decade.Dr Watson told The Sunday Times that he was "inherently gloomy about the prospectof Africa" because "all our social policies are based on the fact that theirintelligence is the same as ours – whereas all the testing says not really".He said there was a natural desire that all human beings should be equal but"people who have to deal with black employees find this not true".His views are also reflected in a book published next week, in which he writes:"There is no firm reason to anticipate that the intellectual capacities of peoplesgeographically separated in their evolution should prove to have evolved identically.Our wanting to reserve equal powers of reason as some universal heritage of humanitywill not be enough to make it so."

no racism in africa....move there

BRAZIL TODAY IS ONE OF THE TOP 2 WORST PLACES ON EARTH.That country has the worlds highest population of Bi-Genders, and Homosexuals.

why am i not surprised.

Now tell us about the crime statistics in Brazil.  It has some of the toughest laws against things like drug trafficing and owning guns....yet...  Well let's just say it is not a safe place to live.

Why will others like Black when blacks do not even like themselves at the first place? Le't take America,Black on Black crime is the Highest. If we take Africa itself, Africans are so polarized and divided over which tribe they belongs that most of the wars there are Tribally related. Most of the world worst dictators, killing their own people are African (BIYA in Cameroon as an exemple). Don't be offended I am black myself, but we need to rally stop looking at ourselves as victims and start taking responsability for our actions...

Facts--The first black slave in the USA was called John Casor by his owner, the owner was also a Blackman.  The first Slaves that were here in USA were white, some were life time slaves, some were time slaves.  Get the correct Slave history stories of the USA straight before pewing you Bull, no matter what country you are talking about.Maybe it has to do with motivation and education.

Segragation is a matter of choice. Groups of people that choose to associate with only one group or another is a human trait. As long as people are willing to accept that people will only want to be with certain people is okay as long as that they do not mean or evil things to people who are different. Segragation does not show it self with infants untile so called mature intelligent adults start telling them they should not associate.

If you know anything about Brazil, you would know Brazil was a never a majority white nation, they even went as far as to bring in people from Europe to make the country more white. They are more black people in Brazil, than in any other country except for Nigeria. Many so called white Brazilians cannot pass for white outside of Brazil, and that is what happens when they come to America.

what should the white folk do....give them everything....there will always be a top teer and a bottom teer....I am white and proud of it..........

Brazil treated slaves far worse then the Us. Why. It is close to Arica so the could replace them cheaper. You know ,transportation cost. We humans are blessed with cruelty.

Yea I worked at a theme park and the Brazilians and Argentinians always want to treat me like dirt. I am not used to people talking down to me, so they were shocked when I put them in their place. Plus they have poor manners, never want to wait in line and always shoving merchandise in your face asking "How Much? How Much?"  Totally disrespectful:(

Yahoo is stirring up the pot again with its "us and them" nonsense.

It was said of Brazil that it was the place where the blacks almost managed to ascape their color.

So Blacks in Brazil should just get their media to start blasting whites with guilt like they try to do here. If you complain for  few more decades you just might get what you want. Why would we care what happens in Brazil? We have enough to worry about here.

After seing the over-all failures, hatred and resentment that it has created; any country that implements Affirmation Action is a DUMB AZZS country..two wrongs dont make a right...Everyone makes white people as the only racists. Take your white family to any major city in America to enjoy the sites (NYC or Washington D.C.) and you will see and encounter major racism. All people of different races have hate for others. I am so tired of the blame being put on whites.

That is why people crowd to be "Liberals". They can steal better this way.

That phenomenon is world-wide....the whiter the skin, the higher up you are....Brazil, Africa, Philippines, Indonesia.  Even amongst blacks within their own race....the darker is always looked down upon.  As to why.........I don't really know.

This has been obvious for decades; especially from watching Television Globo back in the 80s.

N NationalA AssocationA AnimalsC CriminalsP Pimps

Their sports teams are all black...

Blacks: The only race in the world that consistently underachieves no matter what latitude or longitude.

Cain the first man and Assyrian white, Able son of Adam, son of god  of color, The lord Adam had respect unto Able i.e. to carry out the law, Noah, white, Shem color, Canaan white, Japheth white, Abraham of color, Sarah white, Isaac white, Rebecka color, Jacob color, Rachael color, Joseph white.Manasseh, white, Ephraim of color, Let them grow into a multitude in the earth, from thence come the stone of Israel, i.e. the law. All fulfilled in the year 2019.

So if all the races mix and there is no racial peace. So much for that theory.

Blacks worldwide are definitely not impressing anyone with their accomplishments unless it is on a playing field or athletic court. They blame white people for their failures because the only other alternative would be to take responsibility for their own lives.The Bell Curve highlighted British psychologist Richard Lynn’s 20 year survey of the global pattern of IQ scores. He found Orientals in the Pacific Rim to have IQs in the 101 to 111 range, Whites in Europe to have IQs of 100 to 103, and Blacks in Africa to have IQs of around 70 (see Chart 6).

Gorilla hair gives me the creeps !

another article whining about how badly whites in a country treat the non-whites, and how unequal things are. they need to publish the average i.q of the whites in brazil, and the average i.q of blacks in brazil.,  my guess is that like in the u.s, the difference is quite pronounced, and is the true reason why there are so many more whites in high paying professions, and not just the usual accusation that whites are so racist.

interacial marrage can only bring confusion to the whole population

After travelling most of south and central america I can tell you that latin-american nations are far more racist than the USA and Canada. They are also significantly more sexist, even though they seem more likely to put a woman in charge of the state.  I think that just breaks down to women seeming more trustworthy.

This article doesn't mention that there is also a gap in IQ (different from education) between the races, which was and is the foundation of the divide. Yes, unfortunately it's the inconvenient truth.

What excuses do blacks use in countries where they are the OVERWHELMING majority? They are poverty stricken hellholes, ALL OF THEM! Their are not many truly successful countries, but when it comes to successful majority black countries, there are absolutely ZERO!!!

If so called minorities are superior-than why is their continent so inferior?Because it’s the Peter Principal.  What makes it all so maddening is that American’s allow this trash into our country-just giving them anything they whine about.  IT’S A FACT: No matter where these inferior races move to in the world-they are what they are, worthless.  Stupid liberal white Americans hand it all to them, i.e.; lower the grading standard in schools, the testing standard for jobs, the carte Blanc to get housing in white neighborhoods.  Get the picture?  The truth is the truth.  You won’t make me feel bad for calling it like I see it in USA.FYI: In Brazil, white and blacks are not the same as we use that term here in USA.Whites= Spaniards and the PortugueseBlacks= are the mixed races with AFRICAN BLOOD

Be honest, folks, if your life hung in the balance, and you could ONLY be saved by the very best, which would you choose: a white doctor, or a black or Latino doctor? I think we all know the answer.

Well just look at Africa......Has not progressed much in 100,000 years, most still live in shacks or huts and live a very crude life.  Now take a look at the USA,,,,, only 236 years and the most modern country in the world,,,,, no country comes close.........and it was founded and run by white people.  Now you liberals can come out from under your covers and scream at me, but it is true and you cannot deny it.What blacks are lacking in an equal salary, they make up by stealing or theft from their employer.  That is one of many reasons why their salary is less.........check the statistics.

Redistribution and entitlements for the poor and underemployed (I'm not referring to the retired or sick or injured here) only serve to PERPETUATE inequality by state-sanctioned endorsement of the idea that non-whites are inferior and therefore must be coddled in order to succeed.Brazil or the U.S. the story is the same.  Education and a solid family framework are empowerment and subsidy dependence is (economic) slavery.

Don:   Africans  ruled Spain for 500 Years.   Ever hear of the Moors?Learn HISTORY!!!!!    I'll make it easy for you.  Read about Hannibal.......

Brazillian women are hot.

can't blame you blacks for mating with whites...it has been scientifically proven that the children of black/white breeders will have a much higher IQ than the black parent...care to guess wher those extra brain cells come from???

Seems like a good place to move to.Where whites rule and babes are finer.

Black people are only good for two things. Horse whipping and picking cotton!

different colors different stroke, we've  different goals so stop accusing each other of poor performance it doesn't work anymore

No matter where blacks go, no one likes nor wants them.

People rise to the level of their determination...  no matter the race/ religion/ or upbringing.Dark-skinned people are at the bottom of the heap, left to clean up after others and take care of their children and the elderly. What's wrong with that ? The writer of this article sounds like they want it reversed to the Whites being at the bottom ?

Think about it, people, if non-whites possessed merits of their own, would they feel any need to whine about injustice? Of course not. The fact that they remain at the bottom of the social strata, despite hundreds of years of assimilation, is proof enough that they BELONG there!

Two books, "The /\/egro, a Menace to American Civilization" (Robert Wilson Shufeldt, 1907), and "The American /\/egro as a dependent, defective and delinquent" (Charles Harvey McCord, 1914) describe black behavior, lifestyle, attitude, etc., at the turn of the century. Nothing has changed in 100+ years....it's as if the books were written only yesterday.There were many similar books published back when writing or speaking the truth about blacks was not illegal...long before political correctness reared its ugly head. They can be found in google books by doing a "/\/egro" search. Download and save them before some intolerant censor removes them.

Of course the whites are on top, they have the looks and the brains, the two qualities most needed for success ! Unless you can dunk a basketball, then some idiot will pay you millions.

Brazil.....they should aspire to be better...and represent themselves in a more modern way.  And if they are so prejudiced Carnival seems mostly black to me when it is shown, and those costumes or floats aren't cheap?

Brazillian women are beautiful

Another B.S. liberal article. Why is that people from India the majority why are darker than most American or Brazilian blacks thrive and achieve as high or standardized of living compared to whites. How is that a majority of orientals from China , Japan and Korea achieve a living standard equal to or above whites. The worst thing to happen to blacks were liberal whites telling them they were victims and putting place social welfare programs that reward bad behavior.

With all these discrepancies, Brazil has no affirmative action.  Where all these leftists organizations that should be pointing that out!?  Oh yes, if leftists do racism, it's o.k....!

There's got to be a Brazillian people living in that country"Dubya

When we whites are a minority I hope we are as big a pain in the #$%$ to the blacks, hispanics and the rest as they have been for us.The races aren't meant to live together.

"The Zanj (blacks) are slight-witted, and God, most high, has created them stupid, ignorant, and foul."anonymous, Iskandarnamah, 1343 AD

every white man should own at lease two black women.for there own use

Maybe the Blacks in Brazil will have something to work with instead of what White Man has left USA in. Broke and no Hope for future and want someone to pay for aging old White population. Before we do that we will go to South Africa are Brazil.

Who were selling slaves in the day ? thats where half the problem lies.

Uneducated, and miseducated white guys and gals, pontificate on everything, knowledgable on nothing.       educate yourselves morons.

Wasn't this article written in support of Obamas social agenda?

How do you spell 'C'est La Vie' in Portuguese

One group has attained more of the wealth......  So, what's the point ????

name a school system,town,city,county, state, country that was founded by blacks, populated by blacks and run by blacks that is successful. A sad, cold, hard fact. Deal with it.Years ago, it was taboo to discuss these subjects.

I bet that if you look at it in detail, you will notice it is members of the same families that hold the wealth and have for at least the last century.  That is the case in the US.  Old money controls businesses and they control the government.  The owners of large companies give them over to family when they die.  European carpet baggers came in with their money and bought up large business interests and have passed them down for generations.  It is one of the reasons we have inheretance taxes.

You can say what you want to about slavery, but as far as I am concerned the way some of them women looks. They could import me as there slave any time..

Detroit...Chicago...Haiti...Philly....Zimbabwe...South Africa...etc etc etc etc....PROOF that your "racist" great-great-grandparents were right all along

There has to be a reason its always blacks that have the problems?

blacks are the children of ham, a slave to a slave.  that is why they are consistently at the bottom.  the Zionist push them on other cultures cause they know if they mix, they will be easy to control, they have got that slave blood in them.

To honestly comment on this article, no matter how sincere, is going to bring the thumbs down, and screams of racism.

the blacks destroy everything they touch.

BRAZILIAN BLACK HOMOSEXUALS - Are the most disgusting freaks on earth.That filthy country is overloaded with them. AIDS is rabid and out of control there.

Blacks in Brazil are too preoccupied trying to be the next Pele or Ronaldo.  They have so much talent in the sport that they can make 3 or 4 national teams who can win a world cup.White people are SMARTER, they are ALWAYS going to do better and have more.  THIS IS NOT ROCKET SCIENCE.Pretending otherwise for the sake of political correctness is just ignorance.RESULTS are the only thing that matters, everything else is mere rhetoric.

" Dark-skinned people are at the bottom of the heap," Kind of like the NBA only in reverse. Everyone must be equal before the law but the rest is up to talent and hard work.In the USA it's about  money, whoever makes money for their employer will be favored, nothing personal.

The USA is already a racial minority-majority society because one-third of all Americans who self-classify as being racially "White' have at least one non-"White" ancestor. (Case closed due to the universal application of the One-Drop Rule.;D) ----- genetics dot org

Brazil would be a wonderful place if there were no blacks there... funny how everywhere that blacks migrate they turn the place into a slum.

America without blacks: paradise on earth. No crime, no violence, no poverty, no ignorance!

The races have been apart for 100,000 years or so.  Plenty of time for the hundreds of differences among them to have evolved.  Physical, behavioral, intellectual differences.

always liked brasilains and south east asian people. some of their traditions are a bit vague..but well all have to learn to adapt and keep our head on straight. the high class society are able to con out of crime..pay the judge off a huge fee so their precious child cannot go to prison...it is such a sad reality we live in. the brasilians have such pretty eyes too :D

Brasil has only 10% blacks, if can be considered as black because 100% pure blacks don't exist. All are mixed with white, indian or asiatic. Is nothing difficult to find a nice blond girl with blue eyes whose father or mother are black.Who has interest in learning, work and become someone goes up. Who don't want to learn, don't want to work, only want to smoke crack stays in the slum crying that are victims of racism, exclusion and discrimination.As for hate, people hate blacks, white, Portuguese, Japanese, Americans, Argentinians, Italians, Koreans, from other region or city, gays, cats, dogs, his neighbor, his mother, rap music, a TV show, politicians, evangelicals, catholics, his wife, her husband, bankers, the other football team and so on. In general people love one each other and live in peace unless is killed by some bandit, of course protected by the "human rights"The Communist version of the same story you all know.

I just saw a black sheboon boiling water----WATCH OUT!

The same can be said about Mexico to Chile, all Indians are either not educated or descriminated just because they are indians. Take a look a the "telenovelas" almost all are white, blond and rich. There are not really different than Brazil in that regards.Latin countries use the term "Indio" (indiand) as insult, (Indian = stupid). Sad but true.Carneval

So what. blacks hire blacks in the US and Latinos DEFINITELY hire only Latinos. Quit whining about white people.

All the affirmative action in the world will not correct stupid.

Technically even the Best french player Zinedine Zidane is an African...

Hope China can learn to accept people of different colors. As a member of BRICS you'd think China would be more open minded. China is a very racist country. China is a terrible country.

When stupidity prevails, simply play the 'race card'...It's become an Obama World...

Why are white people demonized by the left just because their smarter and more upwardly mobile!! There is nothing wrong with wanting a better life for yourself and your family  or having a work ethic that eventually leads you to a better life!!If the blacks in brazil are not willing to put in the work and effort to better their lives then it will be their fault that they are still at the bottom of the economic and social ladder!! Theres no one to blame if your just plain stupid and lazy but yourself!!! Learning doesn't take much effort it just takes the will and desire to learn and a want to better your life!!!But sadly it seems that the blacks in brazil are like the blacks here in America waiting for the government handout, welfare and any other social program they can suck any penny from!!

Festus, why do you suppose "people of color" choose to live in "whitey's house" instead of their own ?

"Black on black crime, drug and alcohol abuse, and a stubborn proclivity towards embracing the most ignorant and juvenile, criminal and self defeating culture and mentality, has done more to to hurt black people than anything ole Whitey ever did."-- Bill Cosby

So...how can we blame the American whites for another continent's similar racial discrimination? It won't be for a lack of tryingHappens here too.  The bakery near my house is across the street from the police station.  Black and Latino police who frequent the bakery are assumed to be security guards, but white police are not.

No one is talking about  australia  here? The worst of it,

Q: what do you get when you cross a black with a mexican? A: A kid too lazy to steal

Google:  1... IQ by race.2...Dr. Thomas Sowell research psychologistThere have been many, many studies regarding IQ by race.  If you don't understand why whites typically are of a higher status in life it is probably because you refuse to accept it.  Nothing more.The data is available."Affirmative action" is the most divisive and dangerous policy a country can follow.

Wherever Europeans (i.e., whites) have gone, they have set up race-based caste systems, resolving the best of everything in a society to themselves and relegating non-whites to distinctly lower or disadvantaged positions -- often instituting color-based caste systems within the non-white population, in order to keep them fighting with each other over crumbs, while the whites make off with the entire loaf of bread.   Some people will say, "Well, look at India.  There, the "colored" population themselves, not whites, instituted the caste system."   But, that response ignores the historical fact that first inhabitants of India, the Dravidians, were a solid and thoroughly BLACK people.  When the "Aryans" drifted down to the subcontinent from the steppes of Europe, that's when the cast system was put in place.  So, India is not different.  They are part and parcel of the same sick system.

Let's send in the troops

It's institutionalized. Once a class system has been defined by race, it doesn't need anyone to be explicitly racist anymore to maintain itself.

Would help if the blacks had something called a work ethic and respect for an education.

Just what the world needs,a country of inbreds and mixed race people .

87.5% of all Blacks in America are on Welfare or goverment assistanceBlacks make up? under 20% of the population of America yet cause 60% of the crime.65% of all inmates in jail are black.If you kill off all the blacks you will lower the crime rate - FACTBlacks are angry savages!!!! Sub human animals!!!!! Even when they cry racism and get there way!!!!They will never be happy!!!!!

Racism is kept alive and well today by the NAACP, Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton,Obama, etc. MLK would be very disappointed by today's "gimme, gimme" society.

To Passmethe:   Your comments indicate that you would have beena good Nazi!    There is no place for you and those like you in a mixedsociety.    America is a country of many ethnic groups,   which in facthelp make America great and strong.   Take your hate and yourselfand  go!   You and your hatefulness is not what America is about!

hm...I live in brazil. I see less racism here than anywhere in the usa. I am a white guy...and I have 1 white friend here the rest are a mix of asian, native, and black. Not one time have I heard racist remakes by people on the street. I have heard sexist remarks, but not one racist thing. Now in the usa...I'd have heard alot more. Black slurring whites, whites slurring blacks. And yes most of the under class here are black, native, or a mix of the 2, my maid...is actually a white lady. So no not all whites are on top of the pyramid. I know I am not lol.

Why I read this article... Be that as it may, the author sounds like a whining, crying, liberal imposed guilt ridden pampered little white girl who has no business writing about race issues as her adopted rage is completely evident.Of course, she is marching to her overseers at AP so, to give her some benefit of the doubt the article she wrote may not have read anything like her AP editor would allow, or in fact, rewritten.

Based on the article photo, I think I want to go down there and get me a girlfriend.

A lot of people don't care about the color of their skin, they are concerned weather or not they can do the job. The rest will come later

Brazil will have to learn the hard way. Affirmative action never made things "equal," it merely redistributes what people have earned to people that sit and wait for it to be handed to them. Brazil will then create a subculture of people that will eventually demand things as though it was owed to them "just for being there."

Dark skinned folk are doing just fine in Africa where they are the majority, aren't they?

It's also the most dangerous country in the world..and not because of whites.Race, Race, Race, "Thump that racial tub" "Eat that racial pie"  Find something we can "heal" from.  Even if it was 50-100-150-200-years ago.  The shake down artists really thank you for fanning the flames.  In reality, almost ALL actual racism left is BLACK AGAINST WHITE. And this of course is allowed and even encouraged by our Zombie group speak media----and brought to you here by Gayhooooooooooooo!!!!!!!

My only real concerns for my people is that Black college attendance is dropping as fast as the growing cost of tuition. coincidence? Doubt it very seriouslyThe other is how my people have allowed the larger group in America to prey on us by creating the prison industry. By pumping drugs and into our poorest communities and using gang members to distribute their vile product.The wealthy have created a cycle of drug sells and incarcerations  We as black people must end this crabs-in-a-barrell entrapment by educating our own and creating other legal industry and jobs in our own communities as it was before integration. We must not allow anymore Detroits to happen!

Given the fact that after more than 200 years, blacks are still at the very bottom of the social, financial, technical and educational barrel...this is just more self hatred for their own failings.Think about this for a second - you are black and have had generations of family in this country and you watch Europeans, Asians and Hispanics come to this country and outperform and outclass you in every single way....you would feel inferior and express yourself in hateful ways because you know that you are the one to blame.Be it generational, conditional, environmental or genetic shortcomings; you just cannot explain away over 200 years of failure. Of course they want to taunt the white man; it is a jealousy thing. Your ancestors couldn't get their act together and despite every effort from the white man- you still cannot rise above mediocrity.

White Europeans fleeing persecution came to Americas and with help of Native Americans survived and then killed them Native Americans cleared the lands,.they put Native Americans in reservations made up of unproductive lands... enslaved Africans, raped African women, and established democracies in Americas...

when i seen this there were 1308 comments by people crying racisim and condeming "whitey" who are the bigots now?

brazil is one of the most racist countries i have been to. but they never want to agree. suckas

Black or of mixed  descent it doesn't matter as long as you have money white gals will come to you..

This doesn't only happen in Brasil , it's all of Latin American, the Caribbean and of course the US.  I have watched alot of Latin programming over the years and the majority of the time all I would see was those who were European or those who had more prominent European features. All cultures, ethnic peoples of color have had some level of brainwash.  It says the 2010 census was the first time you saw Black or mixed marked on record. Of course. Some Latinos refuse to accept that they are Black or have a degree of Black flowing through their veins. Since I have been on Twitter I have notice that some Puerto Ricans are begininning to accept their Blackness. I'm glad to see that some are, but it doesn't bother me that there are some that won't.

The only people who truly want to beleive that their individual race is better, are the same ones who refuse to interact with other races. If they were to inter into the real world,they would quickly learn  that equally educated people of all races are the same.

It comes down to education and family values, not the color of your skin.  Any race can achieve the same success as any other race but it starts with instilling family values and then education.  Each generation should want to do better than the last.  In some races you don't see that.  You see a man with 5 kids from 5 different woman.  No family values.  That destroys multiple generations.  I'm tired of one race blaming another race for being held back.  That's an excuse.  The races that are on the bottom of the social pyramid need to be responsible in order to climb the pyramid.the US is headed in then same direction. Are our politicians using Brazil to remodel our demographics?

What a stupid article. US won't learn anything from Brazil. It's a totally different culture. Brazil started intermarrying before the big push of my group is better than your group (at least among non whites).  I've spent time in South America and have seen all sorts of married couples and no one gives it a second look (as it should be).In the US people are not that open at all. My wife who is India feels she is not treated at all well in the south. I know there are black folks who assume you don't like them until they get to know you. I do think it's improving but very very slowly and has more hang ups that Brazil did not.All these people state how Brazil abolished slavery so later. Well look at the US and is miscegenation laws. These only ended in 1960s. And were enforced. Heck there was a story a few years back about some judge who refused to marry a white lady and black guy.This #$%$ will only end when every group intermarries with every other group.

I travel the world routinely and I find that blacks as a whole, in every single Counrty, choose not to integrate.  I find all countries accepting of blacks, but it's the blacks as a very very large percentage elect to not fit in.  They bring a lazy attitude and crime in Immeasureable volumes.  Actutually they live and behave in all developed countries exactly the same as they do now in the homelands. They live and contribute to societies in the Bahamas, all of Africa exactly as they do eleswhere.  It baffles me why the media blame everyone but the blacks and their uncivil attitudes and culture.   Blacks who attempt to educate themselves, contribute and behave civility are easily and warmly accepted into all countries and societies.

Not about Brazil, but I was married to a very light skinned, green eyed Mexican-American, when we traveled to Mexico it was painfully obvious how racist that country was.  If you were a dark skinned indiginous Mexican you were treated like trash compared to light skinned Mexicans like my ex wife.  And they have the audacity to say America is racist.

“We look too much at the issues of discrimination and racism and therefore primarily focus on Whites doing bad things to Blacks or other non-Whites, but the real dynamic in reproducing racial inequality is Whites doing good things for other White people,”....Nancy DiTomaso, a professor and vice dean for faculty and research and professor of management and global business at Rutgers Business School of Newark and New Brunswick and author, says that equality in the workplace is often obstructed by Whites’ favoritism for other Whites during the hiring process - even by those who claim to support equal opportunities.

I have read so many racist comments it make me wonder if this is just people talking or really meant what they think? Black, white, orange, yellow or purple, we are all sharing the same planet. I'd science is true or even the bible then we are all brother and sister. I also believe color is no barrier in helping one another for a cause. Only the ignorant few racist will perish.

This world sucks

You cannot force a black to get off the couch

Has anyone stopped to consider brain power might be a variable in this equasion?

Brazil has learned from America.  BLACKS. 14% of the population.  Committed 37.4% of all murders last year.  39.5% on welfare.  73% born out of wedlock.  That is Americas real problem.And the Europeas who immigrated toBarzil wentr there because THEY couldn't make it on their own continent due to DISCRIMINATION based upon CLASS and RELIGION and ETHNICITY. Don't act as if the same wasn't perpetrated on teh SLAVES they brought to Brazil and continued afterwards! Brazil had a CONCERTED policy in the early 20th century to import as many WHITES as Possible! Don;t act as if the government didn't play a role in this condition.

Unfortunately racism IS NOT GOING AWAY... It's natural to be wary of those that are different... We need to rise above this natural urge the same way we don't rip our clothes off and hump whatever sparks a #$%$ while we're out walking through the mall... SELF CONTROL.

whats the problem

YOu should see how Russians discriminate against OTHER WHITES! LOL

so what's the big deal??? even /\/egroes know that their own race is theiving, lazy, violent and repulsive...even they don't trust other blacks and avoid them like the plague

Why in the world do you think racism is gone from 1865 to 1960's there was still segregation now from 1960 to 2013 you really think that racism is gone hellllllllllllllllll no i'm white and i have white friends who live by white code meaning to hell with any other race

it's a fact that blacks and Hispanics do not value education like most whites and Asians do.  Look at the way they behave in the classroom.  they are a disruption and an impediment to other kids ability to learn and i'm sick of it.  not only do i have to pay for tyrone and carlos to go to school but i have to pay for their breakfast and lunch too because they done spend all their money on iphones, 40" rims, and gold chains.  and on top of that i have to send my kids to private school where they are teaching at the level they should be and i don't have to fear for my kid getting sucker punched and beat up by a mob of apefricans.  so in summary i have to pay for tyrone and carlos and then pay another $10K/year for my kids to go to private school so they don't have to sit next to tyrone and carlos.  makes me sick.

Yeah but the lead the world in big 'junk in the trunk' size.

Fences make for good neighbors.

Whites?  Brazilians came from Portugal and are Spanish/Hispanic, not white.  Stop being ridiculous!If you want to totally f'k up ANY operation, put a black in charge.That goes for the White House too!

If you have a nice business that is humming along nicely, go out and hire yourself a bunch of blacks and/or Mexicans. Then (unless it's a lawn maintenance operation, of course) watch your business go to hell!

And who sold them into slavery? THEIR OWN PEOPLE!Go whine to them.

My parents came to the US in 1980. No one knew how to read and write. Everyday I went to school and Black kids called me racial slurs. Now I work less than 40 hrs making 100K a year. I am Asian. A true minority in the US.Blacks are idiots and the #$%$ of the earth. Educate yourselves and have control of your destiny.

Black, white, asian, mexican, indian, etc. I could care less. I love everybody!!! and that includes my enemies because God told me to.

ALL Latin America is like this, with Argentina leading the pack!

Brazil ---- sorry not impressed by this country at all....

White people were slaves too....look at what the Jews went through..you do not see them crying all over the place asking the government for handouts..  You people need to pull up your boot straps and work like everyone else.  How can you better yourseves if you do not?  Black people have more opportunites than whites....we have to fight all the way....everything is given to you people on a silver platter...get over yourselves.  My mom was poor and white...no help from the government because of the color of her skin and her family never owned slaves....it is not all the white peoples fault.

When I was young a wise old African-American gentleman told me... "Fizzy," he said, "It don't matter what color they are... Black, white, red, brown, yellow... they're all pink inside..."I've lived my life by those words and found a world of truth in them...

Bantu are always at the bottom of the pyramid, they were born in the jungle 50 years ago.you can see from brazil, that whites naturally rise to the top

There is no racial divide in god's kingdom, and as soon as man realizes that he will not care about material goods that gives him a fasle sense of security and makes him feel more superior to others.

There is a reason why there has never been a successful black nation in all of human history. It should be pretty obvious.

I wonder how the nggers keep their sheets snowy white and their hoods perfectly creased?

Brazilians are lower class than Mexicans...Brazilian men will stick their one eye snake into anything that moves...Brazilian women will open their legs to anything. FILTHY PEOPLE.

Top three (3) contributions by Afro's, Violence, ignorance and squalor. They sould be proud.

You can't have Black doctors and dentists without educated Blacks.  Stop complaining about racism and exclusion and start getting educated.  Aslo, giving them other people's money WILL NOT motivate them to improve their social standing and will only serve to keep them dependent on others.

brazilians that come to disney world are the most rude people ever. They will butt in line, do the yelling and chanting some #$%$ Not supervised running all over very very loud, jumping infront of people who had been waiting on elevators. Just flat out rude people with no resect for others.

See...ya got the high yeller and the bantu.  Civilized and savage.  That is the 2 classes of reggin'.

I live in a 95% white county but yesterday was traveling thru a black town in a neighboring county &amp; I stopped at McDonald's for food &amp; restrm...I went into back &amp; politely asked an employee where the restroom was...the young girl wouldn't answer, just gave me a really dirty look...an older black man smiled &amp; told me where...I have never been prejudiced &amp; have always been nice to others...now I know what it's like to be the minority...But not all blacks are like this...last yr. I was in a predominitley bl. rehab for several wks. &amp; almost everyone was great.....so they can be racist too or maybe it's more the "city" culture.Start working and quit whining, feeling bad for youself. I am an immigrant and it worked for me. Stop blaming your color, your accent, your whatever. If you have brains and energy use it to succeed.

That is no news here, in the US the racism is imminent everywhere but stealth.

Why is the media calling them "white" instead of Brazilian ?

Wherever they go, blacks and Mexicans make the place a sl^it-hole!

Racist is alive and well...no matter what anyone is taught, or married to..or religion,it doesn't matter..hate and fear are in the heart..laws cannot change that..Inter-marriage, just dilutes the culture and perhaps raises the intelligence but looks, color, intelligence all play a part..We are imperfect human beings that is what we are and we have not changed since the beginning of time..envy plays a part in it also..Natives killed other tribes and took slave.. This is the truth..live with it...life is not fair...I didnot create it and it will not end..how do you think Hitler got in power...??Obama??

Obama should go over there and divide these people up even more. Nobody can divide a nation better than that LYING LIBTARD Obama!

Until all people, black, white, oriental,, or any other ethnicity ACCEPT one another for who they are not the color of their skin...there will be racism, one thing is for sure we all BLEED red!

There is only one black senator and there never has been a black president, just make sure when you elect one he isn't a communist......

IMHOTEP...black Americans make millions of dollars playing sports, making music, and acting in motion pictures. So why are so many black Americans still living in poverty ?

Country/Region	IQ (2002)Hong Kong	107Singapore	103North Korea	105*South Korea	106Japan	        105Taiwan	        104China         	100Italy         	102Uganda	        73Kenya	        72South Africa	72Tanzania	        72Ghana	        71Jamaica	        72Sudan	        72Botswana        	72*Namibia	        72*Rwanda	        70*Malawi	        71*Niger	        67*Nigeria	        67Angola	        69*Chad	        72*Somalia	        68*Haiti	                72*Liberia	        64*Senegal	        64*Zimbabwe	        66Congo	        73Cameroon	70*Cen. African R	68*D. Rep Congo	65Ethiopia           	71Gabon	        66*Mozambique	72*Equat. Guinea	59"*" Denotes National IQ values estimated by Lynn and Vanhanen.Question, why should I care about Brazil's social problems?

The Presidential Chimp ObombaClown has set Race relations back 50 years.

White people are the BRIGHT people. Its genetics!

Well, people think of Brazil as a light complex country when there are more brown forms of people. Cuba's the same way. Desi Arnaz and the  Estefans skins within these regions gets the attention. When the Olympics comes around than the browner forms shows the true reflection of region

Goes with the old saying: If you are white you are right,  If you are brown stick around , If you are Yellow you are mellow, If you are Black get back.

Some of the FINEST ladies on the planet !

Brazil has the best looking mixed race women in the world.

Every country infested by blacks has a ton of problems it wouldn't otherwise have.

Please..... There are NO white people in Brazil.  Only lighter dark people.

Comparison with other countries: The United States has the highest documented incarceration rate in the world (743 per 100,000 population), Russia has the second highest rate (577 per 100,000), followed by Rwanda (561 per 100,000). As of year-end 2009 the USA rate was 743 adults incarcerated in prisons and jails per 100,000 population. At year-end 2007 the United States had less than 5% of the world's population and 23.4% of the world's prison and jail population (adult inmates). By comparison the incarceration rate in England and Wales[clarification needed] in October 2011 was 155 people imprisoned per 100,000 residents;[30] the rate for Norway in May 2010 was 71 inmates per 100,000; Netherlands in April 2010 was 94 per 100,000; Australia in June 2010 was 133 per 100,000;[33] and New Zealand in October 2010 was 203 per 100,000. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).As of 2009, the three states with the lowest ratios of imprisoned people per 100,000 population are Maine (150 per 100,000), Minnesota (189 per 100,000), and New Hampshire (206 per 100,000). The three states with the highest ratio are Louisiana (881 per 100,000), Mississippi (702 per 100,000) and Oklahoma (657 per 100,000)...from "U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia".

On January 1, 2008 more than 1 in 100 adults in the United States were in prison or jail. In 2008 approximately one in every 31 adults (7.3 million) in the United States was behind bars, or being monitored (probation and parole). In 2008 the breakdown for adults under correctional control was as follows: one out of 18 men, one in 89 women, one in 11 African-Americans (9.2 percent), one in 27 Latinos (3.7 percent), and one in 45 Caucasians (2.2 percent). Crime rates have declined by about 25 percent from 1988-2008. 70% of prisoners in the United States are non-whites. In recent decades the U.S. has experienced a surge in its prison population, quadrupling since 1980, partially as a result of mandatory sentencing that came about during the "war on drugs." Violent crime and property crime have declined since the early 1990s. (From U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

America is headed in the same direction. Our gene pool being poisoned with a sub class race.If we don`t stop this poison we will be like  the banana Republics of South America.

It’s how things are.  Just like blacks are better athletically, whites are more academically talented.  Vote down, but that’s reality and your vote doesn't change it.

I have lived in Brazil 13 years and I can tell you this article is complete #$%$. Fact is almost everyone here is a shade of dark. People here are beyond lazy and completely worthless, especially the darker ones. Am I a racist? Maybe I have become one since I moved to Brazil. Do yourself a favor and don't come here unless you want to be robbed and maybe killed.

I'm white and so do I !!

blacks hate blacks. i agree with them.

I don't like race mixing only because every one brown is boring.  Give me white skinned red heads and plum black blacks, and blondes, and blue eyed brown hair, etc etc!  a real racial diversity!

I say let us go back to where our ancestors came from - Europe Africa Asia and leave Americas to Native Americans...that is only fair..

In the USA----The end of Segregation pretty much freed up blacks to be more what they truly are.of course they outnumber whites because they reproduce like flies just like in this country

r brazilians latino's? they're lite skinned, not white!

what is the story behind the "big head" people of Brazil, I believe they are from the northwest areas?

SO!

stop with all the trouble you cause

Look at Africa - an entire continent governed by N|66ERS and it it a fecking rats' nest - constant warfare, corruption, murder, rape, famine, disease - the most unstable continent BY FAR in the world.Look at Haiti - an island nation governed by N|66ERS - it is the poorest nation on the planet - full of crime, murder, rape, corruption and poverty.Now look at the United States - Urban centers inhabited predominantly by N|66ERS are turning into the same rat-infested sh*tholes - crime, rape, gangs, drugs, murder and mayhem.Can somebody please give me a reason why N|66ERS account for 14% of the total US population, yet perpetrate over 50% of the violent crime in this country, including murder?NEWSFLASHN|66ERS are barbarians.  It's as simple as that. In fact, I've seen N|66ER barbarism firsthand when one knifed me in the neck and wrist.But yet here we are - ignoring the evidence that is clear as day that N|66ERS are a barbarian race!

Any nationality thats been tainted by spanish genes are filth.

Another story of how whitey has do more for blacks.........when do blacks have to start doing more for themselves??  How long have they had Africa and it's still like it was 400 years ago.

wow! She is hot!

I guess no one mentioned the black Brazilians dominiating soccer or UFC.clean my toilet

Yahoo race-baitometer = through the roof.

Blame the british, they've paved the way for all the greed in the world. How you ask? They were so greedy they wanted ALL THE LANDS IN THE WORLD FOR THEMSELVES!

Has to do with the education and skills Just  happens that whites  have more.. Look at Africa as  a whole,corrupt intolerant,violent ,there's no whites to blame

Humans originate from a common, homogeneous group and I believe we're on the road back to homogeneity once again.

cess pool

I know a brother who is ALWAYS crying about how the white man is keeping the brothers down. Anyway, he'd disappeared for about two months and I asked him where he'd been. He said he had been in jail, then he went on his usual rant about how many blacks there were in jail and only a handful of whites, and it was the white man doing it to the blacks. I asked him what he got locked up for and his answer was: stealing a bicycle. So I had to ask him the obvious question: what white man made you go out and steal someone's bike. He just looked at me like I was the crazy one.

This was the story in South Africa. White minority with all of the power against a Black majority. This is now the story in Brazil. However, in the U.S. it was a White majority against a Black minority that never wanted to come here in the first place but were forced to come here.Now, many different peoples, defined by skin color, appearance, sexual preference, gender, language and a host of other characteristics are increasing in numbers and elements of the rapidly diminishing White majority feel threatened that their way of life is disappearing.This is a large part of the radical right that has emerged in the U.S. who keep stating that they want to "take our country back". Back from who? The aforementioned people who they see as a threat to their "Leave It To Beaver" White dominated 1950's society.Get used to it because the change isn't coming, it's here.

I think Blacks need to do it for themselves and finally stop complaining that the Whiteman won't let them in.

Define "white".....when blacks were "Freed" after a few hundred years of unpaid labor to give America it's start up capital, they were to receive 40 acres and a mule so that they could become self sufficient, but whites didn't want that. Shoot to reconstruction where again blacks had a chance to become self sufficient, but again, whites didn't want that. Years pass and blacks figure out that they have to do for themselves, so they built thriving communities in the cities of Tulsa, Rosewood, Detroit, Atlanta, and many others where blacks had their own hospitals, grocery stores, banks, movie theaters, even airports. But whites destroyed, burned and looted those communities, because whites didn't want that. And now here you are asking why haven't blacks done anything. You see, in order for whites to walk around with their unearned, self-imposed sense of superiority, someone has to be on the bottom, and whites elected blacks....

Who wants a doctor or a airplane pilot who got his license because of his skin color and affirmative action and not because of his knowledge and marks?!?! NOT ME.

The chick in the picture is HOT

60% of the women in Brazil do not believe in shaving under their arms, nor their legs.80% of the total population do not believe in body deodorant.FACT

Liberals = Progressives =Occutards/Union Thugs = Socialists = Marxists = CommunistsIt's all the same for the most part, they just call it by a lot of different names.

Moooochelle Obammy is one ugly first lady!

N NationalA AssocationA AnnoyingC CryingP People

O ne failed President.B eholden to Marxist ideology.A gainst our Founders core beliefs.M achiavellian by nature.A merica’s Nero.

To the racists.   The Yellow man,  now called the Chinese by Westernersinvented many things that Western Civilization uses everyday and thinkthat Europeans invented them.   The Chinese(Chin Dynasty)  thus calledChinese,  have had an intelligent and thriving culture for over 5000 years.Some of the things invented,  compass,  printing press,  paper,  tin, bronze,composite metals for sword/spear making,  armor,  helmets,  shovels, tills,sails to capture head-on winds to propel ships forward when in a duldrum,the use of gun powder,  written language (used widely in Asia and Japan),astronomy,  keeping records of events in the Universe,  production of silk,use of water to produce turbine power,  swords,  ink, calendar,  understoodEarth's magnetic field,  sea charts,  North and South when Navigating,a shoulder mounted bow that fired multiple arrows,  Ships with doubleHulls(during the wooden ship era).Just for the record.   The Chinese do not call themselves Chinese!People of color are not ignorant and servant material,  as many racists thinkand believe.   The Chinese history of thousands of years prove it!The African way of life was disturbed and ruined by the Europeansthe invaded and stole from them.  Thus interrupting the continuity.The Africans as the Arabs could continue to live in the ancient culturesway of life if not interfered with by "civilized man". The Native American                             Culture could also have survived if it had not been destroyed by "civilizedman".    Civilized man may have the propensity to destroy his way of life.

blacks always need affirmative action to "make it"....#$%$.Another attempt by the media to promote diversity, the least common denominator, in an attempt to make mediocrity the norm for judging political correctness.  What ever happened to meritocracy or is this also an attempt to remove personal responsibility for bad choices?

White people are not racist. They are loving people! We must learn to be pure and perfect like them ;)

What is very interesting and telling about how flawed this story is that it fails to mention the Indigenous people as if they do not exist! As if they do not suffer in poverty. There are many who do.  There are actually many black doctors in Brazil. Most blacks go to the public Universities, rather than the private ones because the education is better, but the whites who spent their whole child hood in private schools complain about the affirmative action for those schools because the teacher are more dedicated and harder working. The lower cost public schools provide a better education than the so called elite collages do.BTW, many people that Brazilians consider black would be white by American standards. This woman in the picture would be considered very,very dark, while even a woman like Matthew McConahy's wife is considered light, but still black.

success only comes with hard work &amp; ambition - whites have that - 'nuff said.

The reason for this is simple, whites are the better race. Blacks and illegal Latinos are pathetic.

WOW..50% black! Must be awful living there.

Kill or die changing.

Brazilians regardless of color get along with everybody if you are polite. They chuckle at how American Blacks try to act Black instead of just being Black and getting on with it.One thing that Brazil is better at than the USA.

People won't be happy until "whites" are drug down to nothing!  However, who will then work to support the "rest"??  Better think before you get what you ask!  It's a proven fact that the "white minority" is supporting the rest of societies who won't/don't want to work!!

How many poor white people blame blacks for their poverty situation and how many wealthy black people thank white people for them being rich? Answer----NONE!It is sad that white people at this day and time think that they are superior to other races.  that is arrogance and insanity. White folks need to wake up and realize that they are no better than anyone else. Except that they have a lot of innocent people blood on their hands.

If leftwing nutjobs found that red ants were living better than black ants they would cry racism.

So then when whites become the minority it will be ok for them to rule like our minority rule here in the US (obama)

2013 and we still talk about race as if people are in a box of crayons.

This is the point everyone misses: by trying to make us believe that whites have such enormous powers (whether in the majority or minority) to keep all other races below them, all you "non-racists" are actually implying/saying that whites ARE intellectually superior. Because, only a superior race or class (or whatever) can keep others "down" every time, all the time, in every mixed society of that kind.And by supporting affirmative action, all you alleged "anti-racists" are actually admitting that you believe that black people cannot make it on their own - but need your precious help.The irony is truly hilarious.

The color of your skin does not guaranty your success, it's the mind what do you want in life? Ok, how do I get? Stay in school or work hard.  It's all about working hard. People don't get that, they are satisfied with where they are. Same as in America.

Affirmative-action programs and a quota system will only harm the very people it is supposed to help. Below is an article from the well-respected Black American Economist Thomas Sowell:The Grand Fraud: Affirmative Action for BlacksDespite all the gushing about the mystical benefits of “diversity” in higher education, a recent study by respected academic scholars found that “college diversity programs fail to raise standards” and that “a majority of faculty members and administrators recognize this when speaking anonymously.”This study by Stanley Rothman, Seymour Martin Lipset, and Neil Nevitte found that “of those who think that preferences have some impact on academic standards those believing it negative exceed those believing it positive by 15 to 1.”Poll after poll over the years has shown that most faculty members and most students are opposed to double standards in college admissions. Yet professors who will come out publicly and say what they say privately in these polls are as rare as hen’s teeth.Such two-faced talk is pervasive in academia and elsewhere. A few years ago, in Berkeley, there was a big fight over whether a faculty vote on affirmative action would be by secret ballot or open vote. Both sides knew that the result of a secret ballot would be the direct opposite of the result in a public vote at a faculty meeting.When any policy can only be defended by lies and duplicity, there is something fundamentally wrong with that policy. Virtually every argument in favor of affirmative action is demonstrably false. It is the grand fraud of our time.The need for “role models” of the same race or sex is a key dogma behind affirmative action in hiring black or female professors. But a recent study titled “Increasing Faculty Diversity” found “no empirical evidence to support the belief that same-sex, same-ethnicity role models are any more effective than white male role models.”The related notion that a certain “critical mass” of black students is needed on a given campus, in order that these students can feel comfortable enough to do their best, has become dogma without a speck of evidence being offered or asked for. Such evidence as there is points in the opposite direction.Without affirmative action, its advocates claim, few black students would be able to get into college. In reality, there are today more black students in the University of California system and in the University of Texas system than there were before these systems ended affirmative action.These black students are simply distributed differently within both systems — no longer being mismatched with institutions whose standards they don’t meet. They now have a better chance of graduating.What of the idea that affirmative action has helped blacks rise out of poverty and is needed to continue that rise? A far higher proportion of blacks in poverty rose out of poverty in the 20 years between 1940 and 1960 — that is, before any major federal civil rights legislation — than in the more than 40 years since then. This trend continued in the 1960s, at a slower pace. The decade of the 1970s — the first affirmative action decade — saw virtually no change in the poverty rate among blacks.In other words, most blacks lifted themselves out of poverty but liberal politicians and black “leaders” have claimed credit. One side effect is that many whites wonder why blacks cannot lift themselves out of poverty like other groups, when that is in fact what most blacks have done.Affirmative action is great for black millionaires but it has done little or nothing for most people in the ghetto. Most minority business owners who get preferences in government contracts have net worths of more than one million dollars.One of the big barriers to any rational discussion of affirmative action is that many of those who are for or against it are for or against the theory or the rationales behind group preferences and quotas. As for facts, the defenders simply lie.

Maybe the blacks in Brazil should move to Africa and start a great black nation without the other bad, bigoted races.Maybe the blacks in America should go to Africa too.

The family provides the basic security for a child which ensures that normal development can occur. Physical needs, protection from harm, &amp; love are all provided by the family. The ability of the family to provide a STRONG sense of safety &amp; support to the child &amp; to serve as a buffer against external threats plays a large role in how well the child functions &amp; develops.

The first two paragraphs of this article could be written about any country on the face of the earth, contrary to other beliefs.Racism happens every day, no matter what your skin color. Rich look down on poor. Poor dis rich. I hate the N word, how ever that word describes there life style, and actions, not the people. If you look at some "black" run city governments ( detroit, shi town, helena ark) many more corrupt and run down. As are many back woods towns.

It'll take time.It always does.Yes,I'd like everyone to be treated equally.Intelligent people love that idea.However,you cannot just demand that students of any culture just be plopped into an elite university,without having a strong preceding educational background.I would have loved to have attended M.I.T.I'm an engineer,however,I am not so sure I would have excelled  there.My ed.background while very good,may not have prepped me for the more rigorous schedule.So,we do not always get what we want,but should make the most of what we do get.

"Brazil recently instituted affirmative action programs to help boost the numbers of black and mixed-race college students, though both groups continue to be proportionally underrepresented at the nation's universities."This is how pathetic things have become. European-Brazilians and European-Americans have to make an effort to motivate these people.

GOD!, am I finished!

Which countries are LEAST discriminatory against blacks ?

Why have whites come out on top so long ?Look at all black nations do they out preform their white counter parts.

This is hogwash propaganda from the communists.

Interesting viewpoints here, some of the thoughts in this forum are really scary. Many of you need therapy. Legislation is the only thing which prevents many writers here from actively discriminating against anyone who does not look like them. Nevertheless, each one is entitled to his own opinion.

And the prophet was shown the soul of man , inside a kerozene lantern . He was burnt mercilessly by the flames of hell , while inside the kerozene lantern . His sins were abominable , he preached immorality . He was a sodomite. A sodomite inside a burning kerozene lantern.

Okay all I hear is blah blah blah.  Segregation segregation segregation.  However, no one ever asks what the minorities are doing to get themselves out of the hood, barrio or ghetto. I always here it's the Governments fault or it's the white mans fault.  Minority myself I take the fault on my own.  It's my responsibilty to get out.  I have my degree.  I don't get government hand outs and I make close to 6 figures a year.  So stick that in your eye and quit complaining and do something.The Middle Passage (slave trade) took more Africans to South America than it did to the U.S. Therefore, there are more black people down there than there is up here. Millions more.

Whites will always dominate over the colored races because whites have higher IQs and the discipline, creativity, and know how, that the coloreds don't have. It's not a matter of "racism," which actually the coloreds are far more racist than the whites, it's a matter of the cream rising to the top. Forcing an equality by force through Affirmative Action just destroys the country and is immoral.

Them Brazilian wimmens sure got some nice booties,, And I hear they ALL swallow.

A white girl came up to her dad who was sitting in a beaten up armchair. "Pa, kin ah borrow the truck to-nahgt?" she asked. Her dad looked up to her and said, "Darlin', yew know what yew haf t'do if'n yew wants to borrer th' truck." "But Pa! Ah haf t'go naow!" the girl cried. Her daddy stood up and unzipped his pants. "Yew know perfectly well what yew haf t'do. On yer knees, *****!" The white girl complied and started suking her dad's ****. After a few seconds she stopped in disgust and looked up to her dad. "Gee Pa, yore **** shore tastes like #$%$" Her dad slapped his forhead and said, "Dammit, Ah forgot! Ah already loaned the truck to yer brother just a few minutes ago!"

The "branqueamento" movement was one of the worst lasting effects of Brazil's history on its society.

#$%$ parasites. Always #$%$ how their IQ is around 50!

I know one thing... the chick in the picture.. she can GET IT.

I can pass as a white man  when its to my advantage better than Mr Plessy did. I know how to work it

Brazil isn't a defeat for anyone. It's simply an illustration of where they are on the continuum between total inequality and one day achieving more of a balance. The hopeful part of this story is they keep trying to improve.

Its not about skin color it's all about power and money, people of all backgrounds are welcome as long as they have money."whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power. Dark-skinned people are at the bottom of the heap, left to clean up after others and take care of their children and the elderly."Wow, sound like AP, NBC, CBS and the other press agencies

Brazil, you're not alone in segregation.   In words, segregation may not exist but in practice, it does in so may parts of the world.  Other places don't mind the segregation since they want to live with their own which makes them feel secured.

Guilty of being white? Guilty of being right.

And the prophet was shown the soul of man , inside a kerozene lantern . He was burnt mercilessly by the flames of hell , while inside the kerozene lantern . His sins were abominable , he preached immorality . He was a sodomite. A sodomite inside a burning kerozene lantern.

Usa should not impport or trade with brazil until all the racial issues have be resolved .

I'm a white male living in the US and I can't get hired to do menial work for the life of me. I don't know exactly what that means.

History 101... I just want to remind everyone that " Some Black People "... Where already in the New World before " Chrissy Columbus " showed up... DNA, Artifacts, etc has alresdy proven that Black People are the oldest in the New World.. You can see a Facial Recreation of the oldest skull found in the New World on YouTube right now.. The Spanish Explorors wrote in their Diaries that they met Black Natives... As did " Chrissy Columbus " in his ship's log....

Brazil is a prime example of why wealth redistribution and affirmative action do nothing but continue racial and class seclusion.  Opposite to the message intended in this leftist article is the fact that social engineering programs typically fail as evidenced in the USA.

dont matter white people die too, just like everyone else, dont matter

Once you lose social, cultural, and political dominance, there is no getting it back again.Unfortunately, your habits and values work against you. You cannot fight terror and street mobs with letters to your Congressmen. You cannot fight accusations of racism with prayer meetings. You cannot appeal to the goodness of your fellow man when the fellow man despises you for your weaknesses and hacks off the arms and legs of his political opponents.All humans are prejudiced - it is biologically rooted. The difference between these countries is the hypocrisy in the States, where people learn to pretend they're exempt of racism and xenophobia in order to be politically correct.

blacks and whites are different  people.I  chose  to remain  with my  own race. So am I a racist?  what an idiocy!!!  started  by the  liberal  whites  who  are doing more to harm racial equality  then any  other group!

Isn't Brazil a socialist country? I guess that didn't help. The distance between so called poor and rich classes are far greater there, than here.

One good thing W did was he ran a lot of them white illegal Brazilian cab drivers the hell out of here who overstayed their Visas and there was a bunch of them raskels too

All these beautiful sick of the groid responses,  its fantastic,  humans are beginning to no longer tolerate the groidshines of the subhuman primeapes.

So we should base everything on the skin color, not the quality of character or drive or education, or personal choices?  I don't think this is what MLK had in mind.

There should be new races - not based on the color of your skin, but based on how hard working, honest, ethical, compassionate you are etc. We need to re-classify the world based on these criteria. Would be interesting to see the new "racial make up" of the world through that prism.

The article is confusing. It's trying to tell you the USA should look at Brazil as a model, and then goes and tells you things are worse than in America. Typical media, always has it's head up its...

The first woman millionare in America was a freed slave from Louisanna, she developed hair products, started a school to train her sales gals &amp; teach proper application of her products. But as more freed slaves realized they could patronize white establishments too, they did so &amp; caused newly established black businesses to fail, pushing newly released slaves back into poverty.I gotta say the mix of races in Brazil sure do produce some gorgeous women, oh yeah....;p

Blacks dumb down the world with their culture.Don't get too confortable my friends.  Blacks might seem to be taking a time but they will get to the mountain top.  They are busy taking care of a few lose ends that any race has to deal with before reaching its zenith!!  Blacks are the newest of the modern race and many will be shocked before it all over.  Remember this my too quick to judge racist friends, every top race always spends a little time on the bottom.  Just yesterday in the history of things, the Romans called northern europeans barbarians.  They didn't think that race of people could ever become civilize.  Now where are northern europeans; on top and being nutty when commenting about blacks!!!

shes  hot,  all racism aside

Blacks got caught up in the white man religion. A white Jesus and white God who is racist and a bigot. This is a Satan who they worship. There is no white man follows religion. Its only a political point. Whites murdered so many people of color that even their own God will burn them in hell.

I wonder if Brazilian blacks rob, rape and murder Brazilian whites in wholesale numbers.

OMG the racists are out in force today!

The United States has the highest documented incarceration rate in the world. At year-end 2009, it was 743 adults incarcerated per 100,000 population. (from U.S. Incarceration/Wikipedia).

The best soccer players in Brazil are of African and mixed descents...

The black race is hopelessly 3rd world grade no matter where they live...and some idiots in denial still pretend not to notice (and refuse to admit) that violent crime skyrockets, and property values plummet when blacks roll into town.

there is no such thing as race, race was created to help people create racism and feel okay with oppressing others....we are all the same species and in order to have different races we would have to be different species

Fact... Wherever White people go, wives are murdered for money, children are raped and murdered, world war will be engaged to drop bombs on innocent people.This article needs a following text that reads "despite brazil having vast resources, laziest public and non performance."  ive been to brazil 3x.  same old #$%$.  the blacker they are, the worse they behave.  you DO NOT want to be like brazil at all.  its the biggest slum in the world.  dont believe me?  buy a plane ticket and go.  make sure to step away from tourist traps and experience brazil for what brazil is.

There is no evidence of exclusion noted, only the difference in achievement.  There are other factors beside race.

Brazil started slavery 200 years before USA also

So,my this yahoo "writers" logic,if blacks out-number whites,then that means that blacks should automatically be wealthy and in power? Yeah,cant argue with that logic.

The Southern Europeans are mixed Arabs anyway...mixed European Moors...lol

Slavery is wrong no matter when or where it is practiced. Slavery is practiced today throughout the world. Countries such as India, Saudi Arabia and other Arabic countries, Africa countries, these countries openly permit slavery.  Slavery has been practiced and is being practiced through out the world by peoples of all races.  The word "Slave" is derived from the Viking's term for "Slavs", people of the Slavic races being enslaved. The term, "worth your weight in gold/salt" comes from a slave being traded for salt/gold.  A common way to get rid of your neighbor during war times was to enslave them and to send them elsewhere, through out history.  You are welcome for today's history lesson.

Now how could we hate each other if God had made us all exactly alike, same color, same look.

Foreget the race issue.  There are SPIDERS falling from the SKY in Brazil!  Did you hear that?  It's raining spiders.  And they don't care if you're black or white before they sink their venemous fangs into you.  SPIDERS!

Whites are 63% population in the US and are intimidated by the 2% Jewish population.  Of course Jews are a lot smarter so I guess that does make sense.

That is the reason the Brasilians are good looking they mix and they have beautiful children take a close look at Cuba where almost 67% of the population is mixed race, women are beautiful and that is one of the reason many foreigners go to Cuba to married Cuban women.The United States is waling on the same road there are a lot of intermarried couples and it is not only in New York every where you go you can see mixed faces and in the long run this nation will be a minority majority and it is healthy tor this country.IdeassoulBrazil....A country of Pigs and Perverts. The second most Ignorant society on earth.

Does anyone really believe that Blacks can run Brazil ???...Just look at EVERY African Country from which whites were 'ousted' (start with S. Africa) and ask are they better-off today than they were 25-years ago ??? Unequivocably NO !!!  Just one corrupt sewer after another...

This sounds like any liberal enclave in America.

Blacks on average have lower I.Q.s, next come whites, then Asians at the top. This has been the demonstrated over and over in scientific studies &amp; might have partly to do with what's going on in Brazil.

Prime example of why american blacks are still bottom feeders.

Uh yea.  Go to a white neighborhood, and you will see nothing but homes that are well maintained, expensive, and neighbors that get along with each other.  In my childhood neighborhood (oh did I mentioned that I am black), you see gangs, graffiti, shoddy homes, people crying racism every time something happens to them, and 50 year olds that dress like they are 18 year old gangsters. I am not denying racism exist, but if you want to make a better life for yourself, quit your whining, go to college, and change the world. I did, and I became an electrical engineer.

If the minority is the majority is it still a minority?

I have never known a black woman to have a crotch that didn't stink.

Sounds like a natural aristocracy to me...society can create artificial ways to level society but the reality is that blacks are not as smart....pretty sure only white men have gotten to the moon.

I just don't understand how poor immigrants from all over Europe and Asia without any money could make in South America, and only one race because of slavery more than 100 years ago are still poor. Work ethics and drugs at fault,may be. I came myself 22 years from former Soviet Union with 15 dollars in my pocket. Now I have business,pay mortgage and married. Forgot to mention I could speak only broken English. If you want to find a way, you'll find it. If you don't ,start whining about racism.FACT - Personal Hygene is near non-exsistant in Brazil. Most 70% of the women have hair under their arms, and 50% never shave their legs...Nobody uses deodorant.

This is not news. White supremacy is world wide....next!

if you and your peers have been doing the same thing for generations and have gotten nowhere, then you are the definition of an idiot.

And Rio De Janeiro  has the highest crime rate in the world.  It a dangerous place.  The Olympics will be interesting.

Whites are the reason that blacks are a failure in Brazil.  This sounds like a reoccuring theme as it relates to having to blame someone else instead of trying to better oneself.

perhaps it's  a race issue more than color issue, i know many very dark indians and other asians who have done very well in IT and engineering.

there should be a law against killing off the white race.Its wrong not matter how you look at it.And  hell if the white show any racism,we should have all the rights the blacks have now that there is more of them than us.Its #$%$...If any of my kids marry or have kids with a black person i will beat the #$%$ out of them and disown them. Whites have to stick together and protect our nationality.This never should have happened in the first place.people need to wake up and realize once the white race is gone were all doomed.

In another generation, America may well face what Africa is now experiencing - invasions of private land by the "have-nots;" the decline in health care quality; roads and buildings in disrepair; the banishment of your history from the education of the young; the revolutionization of your justice system.In South Africa today, only 9 percent of murderers end up in jail. Court dockets are regularly purchased and simply disappear. Magistrates can be bribed as can the prison authorities, making escapes commonplace. Vehicle and airplane licenses are regularly purchased, and forged school and university certificates are routine.

It's all in their genetics....no matter where they go, /\/egroes are extremely lazy, smelly   filthy, criminally inclined, parasitc, and totally worthless to society...and the dumb turds wonder why people of the productive races hate to be anywhere near them

Liberals are a cancerous disease full of immoral mud slinging cowards....Diversity and multi-culturalism is the kiss of death of any great nation. That nation will die a slow painful death....its happening to the U.S. right before our own eyes!

Welcome ToObamas GayWonderfulSocietythanks to all you idiots that voted for this bozo you destroyed a great country throughignorance,racism

In Brasil, I can legally murder my wife if I can prove she was cheating on me. How do you American vaginas like those bananas?

People are getting sick of these sub human primeapes

Spend more money on research that will turn black to white.

The whole concept of race is a satanic idea born of greed and selfish-selfcenteredness.Polished and refined by national-socialism. There is ONLY ONE RACE ...HUMAN!ANY ONE who FALSELY believes that they are of some so-called race has beenhood-winked AND bamboozled !

Usually the bantu end up at the bottom of the pyramid because their intelligence is so low, remember just 3 generations ago (great grandparents) they were living in the jungle, while European ancestry has been civilized for over 2500 years.  Now, the high yellow (yella) are a bit more educated and more evolved and more civilized, and are usually higher up in social status, example Obama.

The beautiful brazilian women are brown and the ugly ones are white like Gisele Bundchen who looks like a tall skinny guy.

BLACK people are problems all over the world.

So what's the point Yahoo?  Brazil is still segregated and racist too.Contrary to what history revising libs who run the public 'education' system 'teach' kids today, black slaves would not have existed outside of Africa if blacks in Africa had not kidnapped other blacks and sold them as slaves. BTW, slavery STILL exists in Africa today. Class dismissed.

If one would read The Illusions of Egalitarianism, and many other books written containing the facts about IQ and race, one would not be surprised. Blacks themselves look for white women as lovers, and in their own group look for the lightest black woman they call Pecan Tan.It is a farce and a joke to put blinders on and act like everybody gets along by crossing racial lines..multi-culti #$%$ does not work.Races have their own culture,histories,preferences etc and you have to be a fool to say otherwise.Since Jews love to encourage non Jews to take black lovers,etc one sees the immediate hypocrites,themselves: No Jew shacks up with a black and in Israel, Jews force sterilization on Ethiopian black women before they are allowed into the country...The Jewish owned media will never broadcast this.

So exactly how "white" or how "black" do you have to be to qualify as an "oppressor" or as the "downtrodden" . . is their a scale somehwere that determines it?

Here is why:  blacks have no intelligence.

Here we go again talking about black racial issues as though Brazil is part of Africa. The American continent is about the Indegenous people not blacks. This is done cleverly to maintain censorship of the plight of the Native American of the Americas. The American educational institutions are guilty of perpetuating this along with the Hispanic/Latino methology. The issue of the blackman is in Africa not in Europe, Asia or the Americas. They do not take precedent over all other people struggling to over come opression in their country.

Whitey's refuses to face his biggest problem....He is deathly afraid of people of color...Why?..Because for hundreds of years whitey has done everything under the sun to suppress people of color, yet they keep on coming....Now people of color live the whitey house...OMG...What will whitey do now?

Mighty Whitey will always rule.

and guess what? if it was not for WHITE FOLKS there would be no cars, no electricity, no doctors , no medicine, except maybe medicine men, no cell phones, no computers, i know it is had=rd to believe , based on what they teach in school, but it is true, and hopefully whitey will wake up and run each and every one of you non white filthy third world trash right back into you're own country!

kill whitie

'A decade of booming economic growth and wealth-redistribution schemes...'Yeah, nothing says "ATTA BOY!" like taking from the haves and giving to the have nots... right, Obamturd?800,000 murdered in Rwanda from internalized racism...dark-skinned vs light-skinned.

Maybe if the left dropped the "white guys keeping us down" and promoted the best and the brightest we could get past this. If there wasn't money to be made from this the left would left it go rather than being racist themselves

this is the world the GOP wants for America..but people like me will never allow that to happen..NEVER!

Dont hate me because God made me white and superior.

Does her t shirt say long live incest?

"In Brazil, whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power. Dark-skinned people are at the bottom of the heap, left to clean up after others and take care of their children and the elderly."This is based on differences in DNA and evolution. Those who work to better themselves and others while seeking to achieve and accomplish, will ALWAYS be at the top. Those who do not work, do not try to better themselves or others, and have no desire to achieve or accomplish, will ALWAYS be at the bottom. This is further determined by genetics and a particular race's standing on the evolutionary ladder. Just take a look at which races have advanced and which are still way behind and you'll see all you need to see to know who is superior, it's just a simple fact.

Brazil is no different from the U.S. They too had a past of slavery and a society ruled by the white people.

oh boo hoo, blacks are being persecuted again WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!

The northern (black) states of Brazil are 3rd world, the southern (white) states are almost 1st world.Demography is destiny.

No such thing as a pure race ! Hitler found that out.He laughed at Italy behind their backs,knowing that throughout the ages Italy was a melting pot !The wheel is turning and in a thousand years everyone will have a tan !Failed U.S. policies such as affirmative action and quotas are one export other countries shouldn't be accepting. Unfortunately, we are headed towards the land of mediocrity for the sake of supposed "equality". The death of meritocracy is upon us.

Lets see, Rio and Bangkok, lead the world in AIDS per capitta. I don't think the three cases of racial discrimination are the problem.

why didn't the Bible condemn slavery? (I am a Christian).

Bringing blacks and muslims into your country is like injecting yourself with cancer.

This article is pretty slanted. No interviews with anyone else to get their opinion? Just one person? My experience in Brazil was that people are 99% color-blind, that there is no institutionalized racism in the public or private sectors, that there is no division between "black" and "white"--there is a spectrum of skin color from very dark to very light and every shade in between, even in the same family.

Since the beginning of the human race, whites have ascended to supremacy over blacks.  Just accept the fact that blacks will always be regarded as second class by whites.  Just look at Africa, what could be a properous and thriving continent has remained third world for centuries.

I am glad that, worldwide, we are slowly (and painfully) turning into a society that values everyone more equally, regardless of their race, religion, origin or sexual orientation. We are all human beings.

All my life (60yrs) I heard, Black is beautiful, tan is grand, but white is still the color of the big boss man. Still true today.

Blacks are better overall in sports as a whole then any other race..Michael jordan, Muhmmad Ali, pele, Usain bolt,..I can go on and on...

At least people have employment. They are not unemployed like Spain (25%) unemployment. I agree that their education has to improve for dark-skinned people. The problem is that even if they do get an education, they cannot live in the same places as whites. This article is just making a very important point that in Brazil, one of the richest economies in the world, there is no middle class. This is true for many places in South America. You are either poor or wealthy, there is no middle area.  It is not difficult to study, but if you don't get ahead after that, it is difficult to show to the future generations that even if you do study, you cannot get to live in a better area than a favela (slum). This is the reason that people are not studying and getting a better education. Change needs to take place.This discrimination is not only happening in Brazil but throughout Latin America

I have always thought that brazil had the best looking women on the planet. The mixing of so many genes makes for some interesting looking and fabulous women.

Them white Brizales womens make some dam fine porn i mean some hot freaky shet plus they got some of the finest booties on the planet

Hummmm. This sounds like a country that is very familiar to me . . .

Everyone knows (but acts like they don't) that blacks are far more violent than the other races. Watch that program "The First 48"; it should be renamed "The First 48 Blacks".

Brazil sounds like a Republican's idea of paradise. Whites at the top of society, while Blacks at the bottom cleaning toilets, taking care of white babies, and old white people. This sounds like the United States in the 30's, 40's, 50's, 60's, all the way up to the 1970's.Or as the Republicans call it, a time when the United States was at its purest. When Blacks and Browns knew their place, and when they would step off the sidewalk whenever they say the White and Delightsome people walking heir way.Is that not right Republicans? Oh as you types love to say," The Party of Lincoln who freed the slaves, but used the Southern Strategy to try an enslave them again."

The article is overly simplified and does not properly portray discrimination versus social inequality.  Unlike in the United States, where even one drop of black blood categorizes someone as racially "black," in Brazil that is not true (although it will be an abused fact when needed for college acceptance!!!)  and the larger percentage of Brazilians are in fact mixed, but are not considered black, as their skin color may be light or barely darker, and no proper records where kept or disclosed.  People in this category are people completely integrated in all levels of society.  Mixed races are a great part of Brazil's entire population and it is almost impossible to accurately account for the numbers.  Discrimination in Brazil is mostly based on economic status, rather than race and may or may not include someone of color.

Historically speaking climate effects mentality. Majority of people born south of the equator have generally been prone to be more peaceful, content, celebrate nature and life and less worried about conquer and spoil. Majority of people from regions above the equator have been prone to more war, domination, control and imposing subjugation. From Caesar, Ghengis Khan, Alexander the Great, Napoleon, Adolf Hitler, Barbarians, Vikings, #$%$, Bolsheviks, Crusaders, Mamuluks, Arab Invaders the list in history goes on and one. People in countries lower the equator warred- that is true but not to the level of decimation world wide like others. Their was relative peace in the majority of areas south of the equator intend they were invaded by people from the north. Regions of cold, scarcity of resources, political conflict and appetite for destruction bred these events. If you live from warm, tropical, peaceful and sunny climates you tend to be less wired for destruction. If you live in climates cold, barren, grey and snowy you tend to have to compete more for survival.    Guns, Germs and Steel.

Affirmative Action will lead to more racism and better yet, sexism and gender bias along with a status quo. All in the name of equality. Affirmative action opens the doors for minorities to get 'special treatment' based on.......Skin color and sex. This in itself is Racist and gender biased. Instead of passing laws to level the field and redistribution of wealth, get an education and work your butt off to NOT be a butler or door person. So what's the plan? Over populate the black people and then have white people open your doors? Would that then be equality? OR racism?

nuke brazilA new Pope was just elected and just happens to be from Argentina but they were quick to point out that he is from Italian descendent, I wonder if he was 'Mestizo" would he have been elected, that is a reality on Latin countries, your ancestry dictates from birth your future.

In Brazil, if Gisele Bunchen and Ronaldo were to date each other, it is normal since they are both Brazilians.  But if those two were to move in the USA, americans would consider it inter-racial.  And segregate Gisele Bunchen away from Ronaldo.

I grew up in Brazil and lived there till I was 18. I can only remember of 3 black students from 1st grade till High School. And only 2 black teachers. Racisms there is pretty much everywhere and I hate it! In a country where the majority are dark skinned and mixed races...couldn't be more hypocrate. From an early age kids learn racism from jokes and other sayings as " all blacks are robbers and live in the slums". I remember my own father telling me those jokes. Now I'm not into rap music but there is a song by a brazilian rapper "Gabriel o pensador" called "Lavagem Cerebral" it explains the very hystory of our racism if you can find the translation in English it is worth it. I myself experienced racism here in the US just for not being American born and that is a shame. In Brazil I could not afford to go to College coming to the US was the best thing as I've always worked for my money and now have a College degree that I paid all by myself. I can't stand people here that live on welfare with ridiculous excuses as why we should feel sorry for them. There is plenty of work for who wants to work!!! If you can find work with a College degree then work on something else until you find it. I did it, moved to a new country, learned a new language and paid my bills... no excuses!

Never understood the reason people protest and march to end racism. Simply holding a sign singing marching would not change my opininon if I happen to be a racist. In fact I would gather it would make me be more of a hardline to oppose. People are more willilng to bargain with someone they see as an equal power. The best thing to do is to separate and form your own country your own businesses your own schools and your own values starting with strong family. Unfortunately in United States family, value and morals is a joke. Here its you can do whatever you want, when ever you want how you want to do it. And if it all fails just go get a hand out you're entitled to it.

Over 90% of the blacks in USA voted for Obama becausehe is black not because of what he stood for..Now thats racist

Brazil was built on slavery and still is.  Look at the poorest neighborhoods and you will understand how poverty can be so devastating.  There is no way out of it.

This is not news, the same thing happens in every latinamerican country. Most Latinos tend to feel a sense of pride if they are lighter in color, hair or eyes, as if it meant that lighter is better

I'd marry that women and i'm a raceist

The truth is... it doesn't have as much to do with race... its about poverty.  People of any race who live in the poorest neighborhoods face a lot of the same problems.  The ancestors of slaves obviously haven't had the same chances others may have.  I wish we would stop looking at skin color and continue trying to help the people with the least amount of means help themselves.

You can't give jobs based on race. You give them to the people who are QUALIFIED.....DUHHHHH!My early years working with the Outdoors Network, sent me on Hunting trips to the Amazon. I've been to Rio, Sao Paulo, Botofogo, Quarani, ...Nasty people...90% uneducated.

Whites has stolen, robbed, raped, and killed for their silver spoon.  They are a race who will pay dearly before your eyes.

I wonder what's going to happen when the non-whites take over? Can you say down the drain?

Sounds just like the United States. Hopefully, there will come a day when color stops defining people.

I wonder how eastern Asians are treated in Brazil.

The same thing is happening in California and the U.S. in general.

Brazil is time for civil war, how dare my black people doing nasty jobs

Gee...This article reminds me of where I grew up.

I guess molado's rule.

Oh well. Its the same in the u.s.a. The whites here just pretend they are not racist. Whats the big deal about brazil. Its like that everywhere. The racist that hides the fact that they are racist are the worst. I can deal with knowing how you stand, but dont laugh and pretend to be a friend and behind my back, the white hood and sheet comes out.Everybody hates somebody.  The only difference is some have the honor to admit it.

Wait a minute, if you live in the America, you see an enormous amount of Black Americans mixed with Anglos Americans, but they are called Black not mix, where is the distinction. America, second only to England, is probably the most racially mixed society in the world. I mean look at the President, Attorney General and the list goes on and on. This article is as ridiculous as the ones written about a sovereigns counties human rights recorded when the writers country of origins is flagrantly disrespecting human rights in many areas. This is stupid and agenda ordinated.

In Indo china, chinese features are the dominant ones, that does not means that they are chinese...In this politisized world certain society will use the least amount of black blood, which is highly estimatized to stir the pot.

Talkin about Brazil, well they coaxed poor Italians over to Brazil after slavery and worked the Italians cheaper than slave wages until it backfired , haha, now most of St Paul is of Italian heritage.

Whites invented everything.

I see this in most of Latin America. I am a white Latina and live in Mexico. My siblings are mostly dark skinned as my father and people treat me different then they do them. I also always wondered why in a country where most (not all) people are dark skinned why only have white people on TV. Makes it hard for the youth who are normal to feel they are the face of their own country.

Hey chipo269, welcome  to the real world . Birth of  kids  now  days are  out  of  wedlock, where you been, under a  rock.

"....whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power."Wouldn't happen to be because they stop rutting long enough to focus on their education, could it?

Brazil has a long history of being racist towards dark skin people.

Nice article promoting racismNice article promoting racism

Brazil's is bold experiment. The results are mixed at best, but hopeful. Brazil is leading the rest of the world in trying to solve mankinds most difficult problem. Stay with it Brazil, you're showing us all what we can do when we don't duck the difficult ones.

The scary thing in Brazil is that those blacks are too dumb to make that country progress. If Whites diminish and it becomes an African country, you will see it progress backwards.  Blacks need to feed off of Whites to enjoy any of the benefits of modern civilization.  They are essentially parasites who feed off of Whites like body lice.

Oh and Yahoo please stop with the race baiting articles. Find more substantial topics to discuss. I'm trying to support you (Marissa Mayer) because I myself am Lutheran and I stand for the same cause. Please dont turn into tasteless, meritless sites like usweekly, tmz and mediatakeout. Thank you!

".... He has never created for himself any civilization... He has never written a language. His achievements in architecture are limited to the thatched roof hut or hole in the ground.... For countless ages he has looked upon the rolling sea and never dreamed of a sail. In truth, he has never progressed, save and except when under the influence and absolute control of a superior race.”James Vardaman

Funny, after reading this article I started off thinking, how many of the "whites" in Brazil are actually 100% "white", which led to the same question about "whites" here in the US.And on to the question, what % of "white" do you have to be to really be "white"?

We have a couple of things that need to get straightened.There is no discrimination when applying for jobs in Brazil. The problem here is that most black people were not able to provide good Education for their children because the public education system is really bad in this underdeveloped country albeit its economic emergence.Society (not just government) corruption made sure all poor kids regardless of their color did not have a decent Education for centuries in Brazil, and it just turned out that dark skinned people just abolished from slavery were more vulnerable to this perverse cycle. The rich people always managed to put their children in special private schools and many of them sent overseas to study in the finest European and American schools, increasing their chances of being employed in higher positions.So the problem in Brazil is half heritage and half corruption and not exactly racism, and that´s the biggest lesson Americans should learn from this. On top of that dumb media created this illusion that Brazil does not have discrimination because of the mix of races adding to the confusion.

I beleive that anyone who's motivated enough, no matter where they are from or what color their skin is can make a good life for themselves in the US as David says below.. Everyone needs to move forward and stop talking about giving land back or any other compensation as that will never happen.

President Token will change all of that after he spends the USA into the ground buying votes of the 47% until they are the 53%.

In places like Jamaica, parts of the Middle East, and even England, blacks or dark skinned people are treated so differently, that they would prefer to bleach their skin, so they can become light, to get better jobs and be treated better.  Sometimes those skin bleaching products are so strong, they can kill or disfigure people, who think they have to be a different color, in order to make it in this world.  Even though people know the risk of taking such chances, they do it anyway; SO SAD.Ah yes, Affirmative Action Programs.  That will change things.  Works real well here in the USA where discrimination is illegal, yet, Affirmative Action is not.  Won't lead to any resentment or 'silent discrimination', NO.

What about blacks from Latin America. How many blacks do you see in telemundo, Univision, Hispanic TV programs Spanish soaps, how many black Hispanic do you see in Latin Grammy, TV awards?

america has exclusion too!  its called obama care and communism and socialism and a one world under muslimism thank god for obama hes the man hes from kenya where all votes from one are counted as fourteen.

check out mike in Brazil, all the models are of color.

Bottom line is People who have not had to lived with the Struggles racism, will never know the anger and struggles of life it brings, your ignorant towards it, so keep your Negitive comments to yourselves. Its real and it will ALWAYS exist.

It's easy for you whites to say there's not a problem with race!  Your the majority.  Your race has never been into slavery, never had anyone come to England and kill you and take your land away from you, like you whites did to the Native Americans and now your really going to sock it to them with the budget cuts.  You whites will never understand, because you are the majority here and there.  You never been discriminated aganist because you are white.  You will never understand, that's why hatered will always be around, because of your lack of understanding.

I get really tired of blacks claiming racism for their own faults.  Yes, it is there.  But at times it more from the black race than from the white race.Other countries also critizice the US of racism...but tell me; which other developing country has elected a black man to be the top guy?  Only the US!  Not France, Not Brazil, Not Germany!I think the black population that complains of issues in the US, should try to move to another country and try it...Only then, they will see how much better it is here!

I'm asian and had lots of fun with hot white brazilian men when I was there couple of year ago.  They love how tight my #$%$ is.  Good thing my gf is opened minded and accepted me for being bi.

Brasil ha What about Europe ? There are no white country anymore may be exept Russia.Europe with they're idiotic political correctness turn into half african half muslim shithole

"They" already know that their allies among you, the "human rights activists," the skillful lawyers and the left-wing politicians will fight for them, and not for you. They will exploit your compassion and your Christian charity, and your good will.They have studied you, Mr. and Mrs. America, and they know your weaknesses well.They know what to do.Do you?humanity is no better than the cockroach.

I only like 3 countries -- USA, India and England. I can never say anything bad about England because the many years my parents lived there, the people were good to my parents. Our neighbors were so nice, their daughters played with me and overall the British were wonderful. Yes they have racists there but I can only go from our own experience, and that was very good.My parents also lived in Germany for 2 years and the Germans were really good to my parents. So for these reasons, I will never say anything bad about England (or Germany).USA is so great because its language, laws and culture are based on England. While South America is based on Spain and Portugal. That;s why North America is AWESOME (thank England) and why Latin America is a dangerous toilet (thank Spain and Portugal).

Intellectual prowless and skin color seem to have some connection.Wanting to be equal and actually possessing the abilities it takes for mental equality,can be found to be of particular recognition in several "minority" races,probably due to difficulty with retention of information and accepted' inter- minglings' socialogically.......Just sayin'

For all of those who keep knocking Brazil, when you go there and see their women try to keep your jaw from hitting the ground

If Brasil's president past and present were black, she will become like South Africa at the present time.  S. Africa went downhill after the black government took over. Brasil should have a slow transition by giving equal educational opportunities to its citizen, black or white. Whoever is best qualified then give him/her the job. It will help uplift the living condition of the poor and mostly blacks living in the slums.

This is the whole "entitlement" ideal wrapped up in a taco shell for us all to bite on.....articles like this, and people whining is why racism exists...WHO CARES what the colors are?  seriously.....when did color decide you are more qualified for a job, to get into a college than your grades, your portfolio?  There is far more reverse discrimination in the world today.  Quotas and affirmitive action should be abolished worldwide.  It should come down to hard work, qualifications(which dont include your color, gender or religion).....eventually, we will give and give until no one wants to work for anything.

Sure the mixed race look like Obama 100%  yet idiots here keep calling Obama Black...In Brazil they  call it what it is  Blacks, Whites and Mixed .

The world is heading to a dark place in the future - i feel sorry for the young generation. No jobs, no money, no hope.......

Define white and black for me. With a country as "intermixed" as they say in the article I would like to know what % makes you black or white. I saw a documentary on PBS about the "affirmative action program" in Brazil that was to pay for people of color to go to a university regardless of grades but based only on the color of their skin (sounds racist). The applicant had to submit a picture and a board would determine if you were black enough. Identical twins both applied, one was accepted the other rejected because she was too white.Whenever you base anything on color, whenever you think one race deserves different treatment you are a racist. If you want to help those who need help use economic status not color. Give credit to the poor kid that works to get out of the situation. Reward the behavior not the color.

the fall of the beast shall be swift an unkind....Give me a break. What about the native population? Poor blacks &amp; poor whites you deserve each other.

10 Years After Apartheid, South Africa in a CrisisTen years after Apartheid (1994-2004): The Raw FactsHere are the things you will never see in the major news media regarding post-apartheid South Africa:# In 10 years 1+ million South Africans, mostly blacks, lost their jobs due to the ANC's creeping socialism.# Unemployment is at a staggering 45%+ - much worse than under white rule &amp; worse than the 30% unemployment in the USA during the Great Depression.# 1 million whites stand to lose their jobs in the coming years to Affirmative Action programs.# 1,450+ White commercial farmers have been murdered by black thugs and our food production is being threatened by "Land Reform".# They say that by 2014, 30% of commercial farmland now owned by Whites will be owned by Blacks (though I think it will happen much sooner &amp; on a much bigger scale).# 115,000 land claims by Blacks have been processed so far - and millions of hectares of land have been handed over to them.# There are farms in South Africa, which were prosperous when run by Whites, that were handed over to Blacks. These farms then collapsed after 2 years of black management and are now derelict.# South Africa is the rape capital of the world... it is conservatively estimated that we have 50,000 rapes per year.

economic racism has little to do with skin color

Google or Yahoo " Camden, New Jersey".  Try to blame that on Whitey.

It is like that here in US, it just as obvious. We think we are fair and that sort of racism doesn't exist here, because of our black president.  Sadly it does exist.

People know what they know and if they have never felt the blow of racism, there can be no empathy.  Poor is poor, lack of preparation and opportunity can mean no advancement or growth.  Regardless of color, if you have not felt the hunger of being poor or the disappointment of not being properly prepared (socially, economically and intellectually) for life's twists and turns, how can anyone judge a person's worth based upon the color of skin.

Who cares about Brazil?

It's just a matter of time before the Jews wreck that nation too.

"The pure neqro in this country is, in his real nature, just as much of a savage as he was three hundred years ago. Were the bulk of the blackest ones in the South taken back to their native haunts in Africa, they would, in my opinion, and in the opinion of other far-seeing anthropologists, resume all of their savage practices and customs again within an incredibly brief space of time. This makes the ethnic argument all the more forcible for sending them there and giving them the opportunity to work out their own destiny."-- Schufeldt, 1907

the usa got only 500k slaves out of the 12 million..brazil got 5 million.....theres something like 30+ cassafcations (sp?) of colored in brazil...coloreds was not the only race to ever be slaves..look at the white race in europe.....so this race thing that only blacks was slaves is pure bs.....get that chip of your shoulder and just improve yourself....if a illegal colored boy can bs his way to be president of the usa even if hes a commie you can get ahead if you want too...They women still have the best butts!

america in the next 10 years

what? racism in a country other than the USA? how is that possible? Obama needs to go down to Brazil and run for president there.

Just yahoo trying stir up racism

By saying white they mean Jew's right? Its the Jew's that brought 11.5 million Africans to Brazil as slaves to work on Jewish owned Sugar plantations so it must be them.

America will grown more divided just like Brazil and other Hispanic countries. Just look at any Spanish speaking TV station in America and they all look white. Flooding America with illegal Hispanic immigrants was purposely done to undermine civil rights gains and labor gains. Most Hispanics consider themselves white no matter how dark and check white on census and applications. They only identify as minority to get into programs they never fought for. Once again trying to undermine black people has brought something worse to America and the whole nation will pay. Just as trying to undermine President Obama is more important to racists than helping the country.

At the end of WWII  many  N-zi"s fled to Argentina.   Thus thereare hate taught,  racist people running the Argentine society.

FACT...wherever /\/egroes go, crime, filth, decay, misery, and utter ruin soon follow...

Love race issue pieces! Always colorful bigotry and fake statistics! Looked up the FBI stats, 69% violent crime, 7.5 million in 2011 alone was commited by whites, approximately 30% by blacks. Who the f33k came up with 90%? What a fool. The US  is awesome in that slowl but surely minorities are taking the country back. Would be nice to see us flourish more than we are now! Please redirect your fake statistics and racial bigotry elsewhere. Its too easy to fact check your #$%$.

If I were white, I would lash at the world for being blamed for every lil thing that is wrong with some none whites. enough already get off your arss work hard and have some ethics.The world is going to be almost all of mixed race people..The average human would look something like an ASian Indian...

People who are racist on line would never speak this way in public, a sign of a coward

BIGOT WRITER.

This isn’t news. The ideology of white supremacy has been the bedrock of Western Civilization.

Read Darwin's theory of black people.  It states they are a different species, sub human, brains are different.

Cream rises to the top, that's the only way to explain why white Brazilians are doctors and #$%$ collectors. blacks are intellectually inferior to whites, it's not racism, it's a fact, just look at the sheet-hole Africa is. Same reason blacks dominate sports like track and basketball, they're superior to whites in those senses, again, not racism, pure science. Many many studies have supported my 'racist' statements, although for reasons of political correctness you will likely never hear of them. A mixed race society can never exist, it will eventually crumble. That is why the US is in decline and Japan and China are thriving. Why should I pledge allegiance to the same flag some mongrel pledges allegiance to? Why should I fight and die for him and his elk to survive? It's ludacris. Political correctness has started the path to the destruction of the US, and it appears that Brazil is following suite... We should have deported back to Africa, after ample compensation, the slaves that were here, unfortunately it's too late now... Ponder about the above statements dear liberal brainless drones, before giving me a thumbs down... And that my friends, is no bull.

America has a black man running the country and blacks are 13% of the population.  The Jews control the banks and media and they are 2% of the population.  Whites are 63% of the population and control....well they don't control anything but the male population rapes the most little boys, commit the most serial killings, DUIs and mass shootings.

That Black dk scares white men.

Africans will always run faster then Whites brows yellows....they will always box better then them too..play better basketball too

That's racist when white people make more money.Sounds like the United States. We live in a global world of power, and racism. Separation will always be a part of our history, which is very sad, but true. We have made some positive steps, but the power still lies in the small few, who believe they are better than the other race.

Brazil is not a lesson in racial acceptance, etc. Never has been.

All I know is Brazilian girls are freakin hot!

Just love how these WHITE people who BENEFIT every day of their lives from being WHITE in America have the NERVE to not understand why Blacks aren't Dominating them!LMAOAs if you and this society really WANTS blacks or anyone else to be your equal!You bigots are amazing in your self delusion.

It's Genetics Whites are more Civil and Rational by Nature therefore more likely to Prosper.

This article has truth to it but, is also very misleading and somewhat BS.First the issue in Brazil is a global problem marked by the last 12--13 hundred years of gradual to total westernization of everything and timing (meaning this white washing and westernization of History and control came about at a time of industrialization ,globalization,communication technology inventions of photos ,movies radio etc..This gave impressions &amp; perceptions of a false sense of superiority &amp; superiority which reflects on how one sees themselves and eventually carries themselves.This is a very tangled web. Your geographical regions also (education) and how they are manipulated all weigh in.Africa and blacks were the most effected because of resources! then and now.It was a bigger and more important goal to take over that region and kill off its people cause they had more of what the world needs. So the world launched a campaign and war against these people to blot them out.This was why it was and is important to demoralize  steal and distant these cultures and peoples from their history and self worth. That which you don't kill off will kill themselves of or breed themselves out. The further you are from black is considered better the closer you are to white considered better this is the mentality of all races being the result including blacks themselves.Simple.We often hear the term races but confuse it with prejudice. one is the dislike of something because of color etc..the other,is have the power to control and the outcome or influence by it.If ur White you can show and choose in your advantage you can hire and have the privilege in your favor.the other you have to get approval and have no real power if ur right or true or not.There was a production of the Bible the millions watched the world over of all races with enjoyment.90% of the caste and faces were not historically or geographically near correct but few had a problem.Had those faces been more like ((the darker ancient Arabs and Blacks )) true to that time and era,no one would had viewed them .Whites have the capitol influence and power (a races advantage) ..

It does show that racism is a world wide phenoemna not just in America. compered to some countries it is a lot less severe in the USA.

Just what Brazil does not need. More imported Liberal guilt to tear their beautiful country apart. I've been to the country and seen that it is not a simple matter of Black and White as the bleeding hearts like to portray things. There is substantial intermarriage and it is quite common to see people who are a mixture of the races. The reality is that it is a range of colors from European white to African black and everything in between. Liberals, always looking to create problems which they then walk away from leaving the tragedies for others to deal with.

All it takes is a story like this to get the racist anti-black cockroaches scurrying around...

al sharpton and jesse jackson are race hustlers!!!I beleive it. They had to open minority scholarships so that black kids could go to college and then awarded the minority scholarships to the white kids, still leaving black kids not going to college. PBS did a special on this on Independent Lens.

Blacks never stopped participating in the slave trade. Slavery is still alive &amp; well in Africa to this day.

When the Mormon said Jesus and Satan are brothers, that bothered me.When the Mormon said that whites are a pure race, I thought klans. When the mormons said each white mormons male gets his own planet to populate with young 12yr old girls, I thought Islam. When the Mormons said they have magic underwear, I SAID I AM OUTTA HERE!

It's all in the IQ.

fake story

This is what the semite liberal cultural marxists have planned for as many white western christian nations as they can, flood them with hordes of high birth rate immigrants and promote a anti-white multicultural programming.

And it will happen here, whites have lost their will, and the mud people will bring us down

there is a reason for the stratification--look at what has happened to rhodesia,and what is now happening to south africa

these idiots at yahoo and everywhere else in the liberal media will go to extremes to find racism, but continue to ignore the 800 pound gorilla, otherwise known as the truth...

It is WHITE people who are marginalized, disenfranchised and excluded. It's called Affirmative Apartheid.Why when it comes to race/slavery Blacks must forget what happened but Jews never are told to get over it and deal! Or is it because Judaism is a religion not a race or a conversion religion?

Why does a high percentage from a certain color group clean houses, businesses, wash dishes, cars, cut lawns in the U.S.?  Could it be that they lack proper English &amp; education skills? Or like they say, the white man is too lazy to do this type of work?  Naw, no way!  Also, how soon do we forget that the U.S. pres. comes from a certain group.

Black Africans and Arabs blended with the Portugese long before the migrated west to the americas. North Africans invaded and occupied the Iberian peninsula in the early 700;s AD. The Brazilian ancestry is more Moorish than Portugese.

The United States is a prison nation. 1 out of 37 adults in the United States is under some kind of control of the U.S. criminal justice/prison system. One out of every 100 adults has been arrested here. Prisons in the U.S. are disproportionately populated by people of color/African Americans etc.

So they have been #$%$ on God,s word for a long time ,the Pope means nothing to them because he is against all interbreeding and gays and knows they should be killed according to God,s word !

Mulatas; one of Portuguese greatest creations... just gorgeous!

why doesnt the world understand white is the best and we white people are just giving the world handouts . also asains dont want blacks in their countries. other races dont like them or want them. Africa has giving the world nothing Africa has never helped anyone. every country  where blacks are not native they are also the poorest , the dumbest and least liked but only white people are bad racists? lol racist is a good thing embrace it and dont let liberals force you into thinking you have to like everyone because of their skin color or weight or height or whatever. you can like anyone thing or group or hate anyone thing or group anytime anywhere you like. that is real freedom. ....

Brazilian woman are HOT!

There is a new saying in America. If you see a white male holding the hand of a child, CALL THE POLICE!

let us all live as one we are all human once we learn how how to do this we will all be equalno matter what race if we get hurt we cry, if we are happy we laugh, etcBrazil has some of the most beautiful women in the world. My wife is Brazilian and is absolutely gorgeous. By the way, Im African American.

why do rich blacks move to white neighborhoods? Hmm?that's what I thought.

A decade of booming economic growth and wealth-redistribution schemes has narrowed the income gap between blacks and whites.... Yep that's sounds about right..  No matter where white people go.. Another race has to have what they have, and live where they live.. Even if it is given to them while white people are thrown under the bus.. What a damn joke...

Favelas in Brazil; projects in America!

The god news is that you racists up here are going to have grandchildren named Devonte and Shameka! LMAO!

Time alone will tell.- Bob Marley

People will always find something to say they are better than somebody else. If we were all blue would would be arguing and killing over who is the bluest.

America is black led and our great president has a lot of white yes man running behind him.  America has black poets, doctors, like Dr. Ben Carson, a leading neurosurgeon in the US, astronauts, educators,etc. There is a large population of black America that is pulling their fair share of the load and supporting white trash on welfare.1.5 millionAmong African Americans age 25 and older, the number who had an advanced degree in 2010 (e.g., master’s, Ph.D., M.D. or J.D.). Fifteen years earlier—in 1995—only 677,000 blacks had this level of education.3.8 millionNumber of black college students in 2010. This was an increase of roughly 2 million from 17 years earlier.18.2%Percentage of African Americans age 25 and older who had a bachelor’s degree or more in 2010. In many states, the rate was higher.

Contrary to popular belief not all people of color are lazy.we do go &amp; fight hard for good jobs.maybe if some certain peopledidnt see thenselves as always having to be on top even it means supressing others in the process, things could work for everyone.but looking back @ their history, it wont happen anytime soon if we wait in them

andBrzil was where the #$%$ went when their regime in Germany fizzled...also, when the civil war was over, that is where the southerners went and carried slavery with them....that is why you see so many white Brazilians today, with german surnames...no way would you see a native Brazilian with blonde hair and blue eyes...My mom was a light skinned Spanish woman, dad was a dark Indian Mexican (so i was born dark)     I married a half Irish/Mexican light skinned woman, hoping my kids would be lighter...My kids were born darker than me! ,Moral of the story: the more mixing of colors, the darker to outcome.'

What's your point?

So, if society is egalitarian and a higher percent of one group is more successful than others, and the solution is to force quotas, then the society would become one of privilege, special rights, greater largesse from society?   Sounds like an excuse to dip into the treasury for  personal gain.   Isn't that what Hugo Chavez just did?   Where does Yahoo find so many red-lib writers?   You think they would have at least one conservative to at least give the impression that Yahoo wasn't propogandizing a destructive socialist agenda.

Yahoo never ceases to amaze me....and yet another lets keep the racial divide going along with the racial hatred, you notice they always pit whites against blacks. Did you know the Mexicans hate the blacks more then the whites ???

You can't give civil rights to an uncivilized race.

Racism...Schmasism...Ya-Jou is unable to give their favorite trumped up subject a rest.

Ok Associated Press,  have one person speak for all of Brazil.

First of all there is only one race- The Human Race!!- there are different cultures and ethnicity but we are all human beings. Just as there are different types of flowers and animals ex: roses, tulips,sunflowers- bears, dogs, lions etc they are still called animals and flowers. We will always have a problem as long as we refuse to see one another as human being and that underneath the skin color,shape of the eyes,nose,ears etc we are all the same!!

No matter what the conclusion is I am happy to see an American entity (AP) recognizing white Brazilians as "whites". Since I came to US my race changed from white to "hispanic". My blond, blue-eyes daughter even asked me how could a 9 hours flight change her race...

All groups have smart and not so smart.  Sarah Palin and George W are shining examples of dumb whites and that's only the short list of a very long one.  My point, we're all human and we all have something positive to contribute.I would love to find a Brazilian Beauty, to bring to Illinois for my everyday love.

What we have is a failure to comunicate.No matter how you look at it,its wrong to dislike anyone because of skin color.Life is to short for stupidity.

In Canada, a government commission found that Blacks were five times more likely to be in jail than Whites and 10 times more likely than Asians (Ontario, 1996). In Britain, the Home Office (1999) found that Blacks, who were 2% of the general population, made up 15% of the prison population. In the US, Taylor and Whitney (1999) analyzed the FBI Uniform Crime Statistics and National Crime Victimization Surveys from the US Department of Justice and found that since record keeping began at the turn of the century and throughout the 1960s, 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, African Americans engaged in proportionately more acts of violence than other groups. Since victims’ surveys tell a similar story, the differences in arrest statistics cannot just be attributed to police prejudice.

cream rises to the top?

We live in a Dark world and it's getting darker!

In Brazil there is no "black neighborhood", so there is no racism , but in the US if a blacKj man goes into a white neighborhood, someone may call the police to find out what he's doing there. On the other hand if a white man goes to a black neighborhood he will be beaten and maybe robed.

Why wait for the facts when you can whip up some ignorant Blacks into a frenzy?

Ever been to Europe, yeah it is a nice place.  Ever been to Japan, yeah it’s very nice place.  Ever been to Africa, enough said.  All the handouts in the world won't fix stupid

People of color greatly out number whites globally. The in scales will change and quickly! Force was the white mans greatest ally!

Brazilian girls are hot, light or dark.I can;t believe ! we are 2013, still there are racism. I am a medicine studend from Russia, I have learned a lot, the only thing make us differentof each other, is our caracter, the body after the first layer of skin ,all of us are PINNNNNNNNNNKKKKKKKKKKKKKK, the bodies are the same.

The governmen of Brasil like many other latin countries created imigrations laws that made the imigration of europeans extremely easy so they could outnumber the colored population. Hence the fact that there are a large population of eastern europeans (Germans,Austrian etc) among the Brasilian whites.

Liberal utopia and AIDS capital of the Western hemisphere

to be honest,Majority of the most beautiful exotic women are not even white women. I prefer a woman of color any day than just a plain white woman. look at Jennifer Lopez? I'm just saying, I love dark skinned women, don't you ever wonder why white women tan all the time? they tan so much until some get skin cancer! that dark skin glows so beautifully.

Black people are mentally inferior.  So says, all the Nobel Prize winners, founders of the US, and every metric developed by mankind.I am not for prejudice. Just the way things are.

Classic catch 22.  Blame the guy who has more than you even though you wouldn't be as well off without him.We're doing the same thing in America with class warfare.The truth of the matter is that white people established the modern world as we know it.

To this owner of this article.Very easy for you to sit there and  spill all that garbage just a  few minority of brasilians that cover themselfs with a huge americam racial movement blanket. Influentiated by Jesse Jackson and other americans  racial instigators.Live there with the masses, be a part of it, listen to the music, play socker, date someone, work there, pe part of it, THEN YOU YOU WILL SEE HOW DIFERENT WE ARE!!You have the answer right on your artocle above. INTERMARRIAGE!!Love betwen races are live and well on the everyday life. How can you categorize that as racism???Love is in the music, maybe not on the as much now on the rap junk learned from usa but revise older musics to hear the love betwen races.I think that i don't have to show you any more proff other than our population beatifull rainbow.

Blacks are poor because of color of their skin and not because they are found lurking in dark alleys earning money illegally *sigh* "People are not used seeing blacks in power" I don't see how this doesn't contradict the fact a black man is the leader of the most powerful nation of the world - USA, there's a lot of black millionaires. They just mainly earn their money from being celebrities, politics is really not their field of study or any of that sort. Most Black people ruin their chances during their childhood/teens, it is what we do in our early years that affects what we'll be doing for the rest of our lives. Most black youngsters, or Urban youth of peace - Don't think of future, but the moment, that's why they end up poor in the future

Brazilian women have the curves in all the right places and are very open sexually. I love em!

This is how Humans react to each other, we have a long way to go!~ Wait to the Martians come, maybe we'll change?... Or just try to nuke them.WHATS NEXT.

Girl get a grip.  You  skin is what you're  in and that's the end. You've made it this far by dealing with racism; it only strengthens you and make you the wiser person. Love the skin you're in! God does.

Ok, those of you who still deny the far-leftist slant of the associated press, please read this story as it is a PERFECT example of left wing bias in media. This story provides a one sided, leftist viewpoint to the situation in Brazil.....that "blacks" do not have many top paying jobs because of racism. Maybe their culture does not stress education and success the way white culture does.

I guess I'm just too broke to see color. Or I'm extremely un-observant and racism just leaves a bubble around me so I'm not affected by it...

uhh, yay, black people are at the bottom of all people all across the globe....duh, they're trash and below that of farm animals....what's surprising about it?? all monkey filth deserve  a nice shiny white noose.....holla!!!!

well, this is the evil within the human race. Don't give up hope on equality for the human race. Satan, will have to kill God first in order to keep discriminative evil powers circulating the globe. We will all soon enjoy equality and a more peaceful human race.

Say what you will but at least Jim Crow kept bloodlines pure and made more sense then what they have in Latin America.  You have to admit that now blacks get affirmative action and have black pride in the U.S.  In Latin America those things don't exist.  You'll see darkies want to be called white and cling to the smallest traces of white blood down there.  Even Mestizos look down on you.  Well you're going to learn the hard way that Anglo Saxon whites have been the best friend to you blacks once latinos become the majority in the U.S. within 20-50 years.

No matter where you go in this world dark vs. light will always be an issue as well as class divisions. Although education is the key to more opportunities, when we you do get this so called "education" a majority of white ppl don't want to sit next to a black. White ppl will never know what it means to be black and black ppl will never know what its like to be white.

It's a given around the world, whites will make more $$$ and have all the power.

WOW how socialist can you get Yahoo. It's 2013 get over it alreadyMan! these racist don't seem to understand what hundreds of years of fear-mongering, bad laws, promotion of non-productive behaviors and habits to feel superior, promotion of socialistic ideas to certain groups, to stay non-competitive (based on racist ideas). Then have the audacity to institutionalize it!...No wonder...LISTEN... only the focus and the teaching on being productive, honest, property rights, business-ownership, creativity, sound money, financial stewardship will help the situation. The people that complain about blacks being lazy, not having a work ethic, committing crimes, are the same people that promote these ideas in the media, Create and enforce bad laws, downplay leaders that promote productivity within the group(don't know why), creates the IMF/World bank that has crushed nations with bad trade policies,debt, fiat money and thinks it cool and somehow thinks that he/she is superior, then complains about high taxes, crime, mass immigration, urban decline etc...Just don't get it!...Start demanding more leaders that focus on true development, sound money

All this comment- reminds me of just how many of you still are Racially angry. How daily on the Job "it must" affect your treatment of others, your "Hiring", our pay. How preconceived thinking probably has "judged others" as well. How you won't listen to my problems and fears but "YOURS" are still paramount.  How for over 300 documented years RACE has been a factor in your parents success, the building of this country and  how you presently live. Despite "documented" programs and "Measurable" activity in the current NEWS - you "believe" you have resolved all the pain completely and everywhere and its residual effects across this planet.That complaints from "Blacks" are unjustified despite "you didn't follow them home" so now you can speak on what you don't "know by being there" (the arrogance).(I remember Black female desert storm "veteran" punched in face in public by while "MALE" in front of her child in line at restaurant- -) I guess she had it coming?A claim That now "All" whites- treat "ALL" non whites fairly and with "genuine equity". Note   And while you reap what you sow (Bible), for each and every action..(Physics).you seem to think the past has no effect on the present. Feel since "YOU" are a good citizen - "you all are"- and when in the face of facts and documentaries-get angry and speak out. Yet when "UNARMED"Children are killed or a man in TEXAS is dragged to death and dismembered, or central park 5 (false confessions-false jail time), or the Orangeburg massacre/ or Project Innocence (all measurable)- you all don't comment or "do anything" .  Even the UCMJ The military "tries" to be fair- but in the hands of some - remember the Tuskegee airmen? Buffalo Soldiers? The syphilis experiments and others still top secret .  "our very presence here all over the world due to slavery".The disappearance of the original inhabitants of this country, while some stand in line overnight to get the new I-device.(our mentality)Brazil is Example of how the past effects the future and without some equalization- a runner with delayed start can never "catch up", especially if .the front runner &amp; his buddies "keep obstacles in the way" -change the rules midway or regulate how you can catch up. But that means you miss the best performance, product or why the best person is not always doing the job. Why workmanship and quality are replaced with profit and benefits and vacation..The truth is measurable- your observation commentary analysis are subjective. Learn and correct yourself- make a "better planet"-follow GOD's order or Natures design. Your anger and comments only delay that equitable world "you refer to" and show me how far off it really still is.One's character is measured by actions not words. But your words "here" surely speak of who you are.Strange that everyone doing good gets arrested..MLK..Jesus..disciples..Mandela...Ghadi..I better shut up..

its the same exact situation in South Africa. I believe regardless of where in the planet you live rich people will always dominate everything..but on this two countries is a bit confusing why they want to keep the majority of the people live slaves..

The darker the berry the sweeter the juice baby...........Black is beautiful.

AP playing the race card again.

Today,  I am totally fed up with the outrageous racist comments that are directed towards blacks on Yahoo. The following comments are specifically directed all the  Budweiser drinking, tobacco chewing, rotten toothed having, WalMart shopping, pickup truck driving, chicken humping, high school drop out, cousin marrying, wet dog smelling,  inbreds that think it's okay to make insulting racist comments. Disrespecting people is easy to do as I have just shown by my post. Now, how does is feel to be insulted?  Not so good. Huh?    Wake up people and realize that we all live on the same planet and deserve to be respected. Have a nice day.

The article reminds me of Britain, a so-called fake multicultural country.

The media emphasizes race is only skin deep which is false.  Race is a lot more than 'color.'  Maybe the reason the white population in Brazil is on the "top level" is because they are capable to be, genetically. But God forbid someone points this out.  Nobody wants to hear racial reality anymore.

The problem with Brazil is that non whites have been openly kept down within there country, now with the advent of social media people have access to the rest of the world. It is clear to see now that what the so called white elite has been spreading belittling people just because of there skin colour is complete rubbish. People are starting to startup for there racial mix and are not ashamed to hide it any more. At one point the blackest people in Brazil said they were white anyway. I think the percentages are wrong because of this...more like 75% mixed Black, Asian and Indian...25% mixed white...lol. Take these so call whites to America and they will be told that they are not white...lol. Damm they probably kill themselves at such news...they only need to take a blood test and they will soon find out...lol

Those mixed kids are amazingly beautiful almost everytime.I am scratching my head right now.  The president does not look white to me, she may consider herself white, but here in the US, she definetly would not be considered white and she will get her chance to experince it here sooner if not later.  Actually most american men think the darker brazilians are more intriguing and much more beautiful and smarter.  Everyone wants to adopt the American way of society but its very foolish to do so.  Let me tell you something about people of color; everyone wants to be like us.  We have excelled in everything that we do, they just like to identify us  by if one person does something bad "  all are alike" and thats only when it comes to blacks. Some people not all have tried to keep us down,  take a look at the US, a black man hold the highest office in the US.  A black man hold the highest office in the justice department as the US attorney General, we have Mayors, Governors at the top of the political world.  We want even talk about sports, is that fare enough.lol  Now lets get to looks!  Every body wants the lips the hips and your skin color, I know whites that use spray to color themselves brown. lol.  I thank god for being black everyday and sister you should to!  Oh, and by the way let your president no she is black or latino in the US.  LOL

Brazil has a lesson to offer the USA? Hahahahahaha!

Mixed race people can also be racist. It's callled the diversity race.

If you want to see what Majority Rule gets you...take a look at South Africa and decide if they are any better off than they were before.

I notice that a couple of our super dark brown amerixican co-workers also love to tell us how their grandparents (whom we have never met and never seen the pics) were from spain and they were white.  Whenever they tell us this story (if i recall, it must have been at least more than 20 times within the 5 months ever since they join our dept in nov 2012), we all feel as if they demand some sort of awards just because their grandparents were from spain.  I also watched a show once on tv (forgot what it was) and a beautiful dark brown latin celebrity also mentioned how her great grandparent from spain.  I just wonder, just out of a curiosity that if all mexicans feel that way, as if they need to justify they are not 100% mexicans and they have a tint of spaniard in them to feel better???just curious....

it would be great if everyone would mix and be a light brown color.  i would still go to iceland for a woman. oh yea, they're white !

The reason most minorities are racist is they think they are inferior to whites, whites are not as gifted athetically as blacks. Success comes only with ambition and hard work!! That goes for any race.

Niall Ferguson's book Civilization explains alot of mankinds struggles with race, science, property and medicine.  He discusses in depth the differences between Latin America and North America.

God gave mankind a problem to solve. And yeah, it's a bear. How do we recognize the common humanity in every race, creed and color when  all of us are baggaged with self interest, fear of the other, blind hatred and a million other emotions that make us more comfortable with our own kind. Again and again we tried the simple and seemingly obvious answer: genocide and again and again the grade came back F. And again and again we wake up to the same problem. How do we lift each other up?

Well as long as they know their place what is the problem?  Am is missing something?So it's the same as here in the states but on a slightly higher level? This country is the same believe it or not, like it or not.

Yea!  Lets watch as the non contributors in society now become the majority..lets see how the country progresses under that model....blacks all over the world are fringe feeders living off the generous efforts of others...

Isn't it interesting that no matter where you go these days whites are under attack for running the ship.   Yet for most of those complaining and looking to divide social systems they are hell bent to say the reason the people in the ship are still afloat is because of whites paying their way.Please take note that countries that are struggling are have become so  socialistic that skin color  doesn't matter; what matters are the handouts the serfs have become to take for granted.President Obama has become a millionaire, not by working but by living off he sweat of others.  Those at the top of any socialistic( Marxist, communist, dictatorships) are always wealthy and the layers below them beggars waiting for crumbs.Good luck for spreading the wealth with a central government.  No matter what color.......poor will be poorer.

Here is a subject for U.S. political leaders....the U.S. not only has the largest overall number of inmates on earth....but also the most people incarcerated per capita. (per capita means the number of people incarcerated per 1000 people). This suggests something seriously wrong with our criminal justice system/economy. Check out the ACLU website to find out more. African Americans are incarcerated at 5 TIMES the rate of European/white Americans. African Americans have only had about 45 years...since the passage of the U.S. Civil Rights Act in 1964...to recover from nearly 300+ years of economic exclusion/slavery/racism/abuse....continuing support to African American communities....and others....through our government/tax dollars....is not unreasonable. Brazil practiced slavery on a massive scale....nearly equal to the U.S...and now they are also are experiencing wealth disparity and crime in African Brazilian populations....similar to that in African African America communities/populations.

No!  This can't be true!  This stuff only happens in America.....(where more 'non-blacks voted for the black candidate than the white candidate in the last Pres election!)

cl ick on my name for se cret of j ews read and sc roll.

Just take a look at what diversity has done to the United States. We voted in a guy who is black and guess where that's brought us? Nowhere. Diversity does not equal effectiveness!!! We shouldn't hire people because of their skin color but rather look at their qualifications. If that makes me look like a racist, then so be it.

White americans don't let latinos or blacks into their social groups

i am so glad i don't look at color most of you people would be annoying to me in real life geez it's not that hard you are either raised right or you weren't the amount of melanin means nothing so many ignorant people in the world when people married who ever they wanted way back when i can not wait until color is not an issue and there will be a day also if you are christian you know what i mean.

The racial divide is the same in the US as Brazil and other South America countries. Education and inclusion is the answer for all people."Whether living in Africa or living in America is as near the anthropoid apes as any of the savage races of mankind,—perhaps the nearest. He is untold ages nearer than is the typical representative of the best in the white race. Taken as a whole we may say the same thing of him, when we take his mental and moral qualifications into consideration."Schufeldt, 1907

Brazil, like many Latin American countries does not identify race the way it's done in the U.S.. They identify everyone as Brazilian or as in Mexico, everyone is Mexican regardless of racial identity. It makes it very difficult to fight racism when according to the written laws it doesn't exist however evident it is in society. Brazil is at least making an effort by implementing affirmative action laws there, I hope other Latin American countries will follow in their example. Henry Louis Gates Jr. did a wonderful documentary on Blacks in Latin America, I recommend it. My parents emigrated from Mexico. I visited their homes twice in my life and found it shocking how people who are dark or Indigenous are treated compared to their fair skinned countrymen at every level from education to jobs etc...The majority of Mexico's population is mixed race like Brazil, after a child is born it's common for people to ask if the baby is dark or fair. It's sad but true. After my visit there I had a whole new appreciation for the advances we have made in the U.S. it's not perfect, but as a country we are trying and that's something to be proud  of.

It's called the Religion of White Supremacy, we're all  voluntary or involuntary members globally.

As whites left Africa in shambles and have tried their best to maintain Neo-colonization in place, You will see black civil wars to rid their nations of this evil. Hopefully Africans can overcome the last 200 years of occupation and bring their economies into the new millenia

I visited for 2 weeks in 2009.  It is amazing how true this article is. The very elite are all white. But the middle class and poorest favelas are actually very diverse. Interracial marriages, mixed race families and friendships are very common.  Even in the elderly.

it happens all over the world.even in my native country where we still have some sort of slaves working at the king palaces, modern slaves with salary but they are all black since Arabs invaded north Africa hundreds of years ago. its everywhere.

This article definitely supports my not wanting to visit Brazil .

i am brazilian (white) and yes brazil is racist !  specially in south side.

It's not race which is the issue in brazil it's religion.  All the people at the top of the pyramid are Jewish in brazil.

Raciest Mexicans who would have thought.If people (blacks, whites, brown, what ever race"not color" educate themselves, yes I said educate themselves.. things would be different for them. I am African American , I was born it the south.. early 60's where signs read coloreds over here, and whites over there. it's funny now. because I studied in school. We did not have fashion shows, i pads, i phones, cell phone. nobody cared about what you wore to school ect..ect.. but there were lots of books, books, books, and more books. Stop saying yea and naaaw, you feel me, you know what um saying, for real, yep ,word up, for show dawg..it is what comes out of your mouth that put's you where you are...

I bet most of the population feel, or have "sick as hell" anemia syndrome.

Diversity and multi-culturalism is the kiss of death of any great nation. That nation will die a slow painful death....its happening to the U.S. right before our own eyes

Why is it that no matter what country it is, blacks are on the bottom of the social structure...even in Africa! (South Africa). Is it because racism is worldwide and thus discriminates against them or is the stereotype true that blacks simply will not try to be successful because they refuse to "play the white mans game". Or is there some kind of genetic deficiency that causes them to be pre-disposed to being socio-economic bottom feeders?

Here are the safest cities in the US (with a population over 200,000):Rank City, . . . . . . . Percentage Black1 Amherst, NY . . . . . . 3.9%2 Newton, MA . . . . . . .2.0%3 Mission Viejo, CA . . . 1.2%4 Cary, NC . .. . . . . .6.3%5 Brick Twnshp, NJ . . . .1.0%6 Simi Valley, CA . . . . 1.3%7 Sunnyvale, CA . . . . . 2.3%8 Colonie, NY . . . . . . 4.0%9 Sterling Heights, MI . .1.3%10 Clarkstown, NY . . . .8.0%11 Orem, UT . . . . . . . 0.3%12 Greece, NY . . . . . . 2.9%13 Thousand Oaks, CA .. .1.1%14 Canton Twnshp, MI . ..4.6%15 Livermore, CA .. . . .1.6%

Interesting article, i,ve always wondered how Brazil handled the race issue since they are a mixed race society, apparently it,s much like the U.S.! As for Haiti, good God, what an armpit, thank God there is no bridge from there to the U.S.!

Denial .................. the first step.

OH, Boo- Who

In America, the courts are still the final arbiters of society's laws. But what will happen when your future majority refuses to abide by court rulings - as in Zimbabwe. What will happen when the new majority says the judges are racists, and that they refuse to acknowledge "white man's justice"? What will happen when the courts are filled with their people, or their sympathizers? In California, Proposition 187 has already been overturned.What will you do when the future non-white majority decides to change the names of streets and cities? What will you do when they no longer want to use money that carries the portraits of old, dead white "racists" and slave owners? Will you cave in, like you did on flying the Confederate flag? What about the national anthem? Your official language?Don't laugh. When the "majority" took over in South Africa, the first targets were our national symbols.

White South Africans, you should remember, have been in that part of Africa for the same amount of time whites have inhabited North America; yet ultimately South Africans voted for their own suicide. We are not so very different from you.We lost our country through skillful propaganda, pressure from abroad (not least from the U.S.A.), unrelenting charges of "oppression" and "racism," and the shrewd assessment by African tyrants that the white man has many Achilles' heels, the most significant of which are his compassion, his belief in the "equality of man," and his "love your neighbor" philosophy - none of which are part of the Third World's history.#$%$

Another Yahoo progressive socialism agenda to make the world one color, one mind and one thought. The Anti-Christ is the internet.

In America blacks can't be racist because they're in the minority. The white Brazilians are the minority now, so by liberal definition, they aren't racist.

obama should be arrested for impersonatiing a president!

Jews owned most of the slaves around the world

Brasil is not he United States. It is a very complex culture. I have spent the past 30 years trying to figure it out. I am still surprised  regularly

Not everything is about race. What is the point of this article, yahoo?

Minding your own business will not get rid of the problem.  As for you, you are white, they treat you well, it is the blacks that cannot be treated like they are humans.

BLACK PEOPLE : If the world hates you, remember, it hated JESUS first !Nothing the world says about you is true ! You are beautiful, blessed, and highly favored by GOD....You  are a special possession and a peculiar treasure belonging to the LORD JESUS. GOD knew you before HE formed you in your mother's womb. GOD says to you;....you are accepted in the beloved, you are redeemed through the blood of JESUS, you are a new creation and you are rooted and grounded in love, you are more than a conqueror,you are victorious, free, healed, sactified... Everything that the LORD JESUS says about you is true......WE ARE OVERCOMERS BY THE BLOOD OF THE LAMB ( JESUS ) AND BY THE WORD OF OUR TESTAMONY......AMEN !

Racial types, - blacks white yellow will disappear from earth to be replaced by mixed race people sometime in next century...I personally don't believe in affirmative action or "giving" anybody extra incentives because of the color of their skin.  That is racist in itself.  Let each person earn what they get.  I'm not opposed to a black, white, brown, yellow doing anything, as long as they are capable.  I think all job applications and government forms should be void of asking a person what race they are.  What does it matter what a person's ethnicity is when it shouldn't!  I have worked in Human Resources and found certain government rules and guidelines ridiculous.  I had to follow them, yet when looking at job applicants, I was not looking or caring about the color bar.  I just want a qualified and capable applicant that could do the job!!

I love being half Nigerian and Finnish!

Considering the fact that Blacks in America and Brazil have only started to accumulate wealth for the past 100 years or so, are doing quite well. The world was controlled by whoever had the biggest guns, now it's controlled by who has the money. Dark skinned poeple of the world are quickly regaining their fair share of the wealth.

Brazil is a cesspool

White people in America have committed cultural suicide and their child will pay a heavy price for their parents stupidity.

Once again the LIBERALS are to blame.  Pay them to stay home and party and have kids.  I am not racist, if someone was going to pay me to stay home party I would maybe not do it because of my work ethic, but some don't know any other life.  The GOVERMENT or we the people let our GOVERMENT pay to keep people from working to learn and better themselves.  They make it to easy for people not to grow.  I am white and accept black people who work as my brother.  Whites and blacks who are capable of working and don't is a different story.

in 2046 say 30 years from now ,MAJORITY of POPULATION OF USA will be NON-WHITES ,Not Nacessarily BLACK Only,Rather ASIAN who are HIGHLY EDUCATED ,QUALIFIED and HIGH INCOME EARNERS (Indians) some of Whom are Working as Governor,&amp; Head of Dept, Entoprenor, Own Bussiness Ect and are HIGHEST MIDIAN EARNER of USA ,even  more than average Whites, In HIGH CLASS With Very Highest Education and already Competing with White,ORIENTALS:(Japan,China,Thai,Koreans,Philipine) ,HISPANICS,AFRICAN ,,PACIFIC ISLANDERS and Whole Lot Other Races and Huge Number of INTERRACIAL Marriage &amp; Childrens ( President OBAMA) are also being Born here in USA who will COMPETE in FUTURE America like in SOUTH AFRICA &amp; BRAZIL what is Underway .We saw Some Flavor of "DIVERSE VOTERS" who Gave Back to Back LANDSLIDE Win to President BARAK OBAMA are continuing to Grow .Now So-Called "White Majority " will Try Hold on Money,Power &amp; Other Assetts from Non-Whites like in Brazil,South Africa Or USA ,Specially in USA 30,40, or 50 Years from Now in USA for sure in this land of Opportunity called USA ,But not for Long timeor for ever .Ofcourse Non-whites have to Compete with Education,Income &amp; Assett what isCalled "Social Class" and their Own Existance and Competition with Whites for Power.

Why couldn't Whitey make it in Europe? Why does Whiytey think he was the first to do everything? Did you know that it was the CHINESE who sailed to Africa LONG before Whitey did?And just from WHERE did WHitey get Paper, Gunpowder and Pasta?

Is it a coincidence that whites are dying off like weeds worldwide and are now the minority?  Nope.  Evil can't survive but so long.

I have said this before and I will say it again. You can take the ni(gg)er out of the hood.But you can't take the hood out of the ni(gg)er!Even in Africa, the lighter-skinned blacks have more power and are treated much better than the darker-skinned ones.

Cue the racist Yahoo comments....NOW!

this is the world the GOP wants for America..but people like me will never allow that to happen..NEVER!

I think this is a definite slanderous slur for tourism in Bra-zilNow the white tourist won't want to nude sun bathe for fear of becomming BLACK-BALLED

The stupidity of blacks never ceases to amaze me!!!

I was watching basketball last night and a white guy came out to play. How dare him!

Blacks in America represent about 13% of the population but clearly represent at least 50% of The pop culture. Blacks are the most famous and reckonized celebraties in the nation! H--L let's face it, Obama is like a  Rock star! Every walk of life has Black stars, from sports to movies and politics. Chocolate is in high demand! It clearly has more flavor than plain yogurt!

Yes in such a racially open society , the reason blacks are on the bottem is because whitingey keeps em down!  So we gots ta make laws makin em equal. Blacks are on the bottem in Brazil because  thats how nature sifts it.  All of the laws and civil rights bills here have not benefited Blacks at all , they still need Gov. help even with a Black president. Ask Dr. manning how to solve Brazil's problem.

Dont worry Brazil Affirmative action will rescue your poor blacks. Now you can have plenty of idiots performing jobs not because their qualified, but because their entitled.

White conservative Americans are the filth of the US. Adapt or #$%$ K OFF!! get it?whites gain nothing by mixing,but lose a lot of IQ!!---bi-racials usually take up the ways of the black parent!!

I guess some of these White racist on yahoo don't realize that there were White slaves as well as African Black slaves! Todays Trailor trash, most wealty or upper middle class White people can not satnd these lower class of White people, because it is a embarrasment to them and they see there imperfections in them.

Anyone else like this lady's t-shirt? Kind of cool.

one drop of Afirkan blood makes you Afrikan, but if you think like a mongrel or euro you are already defeated and confused.euro (white supremacy) is a universally based system of gentacide against people of color.euros and mongrels (arabs, asians, hindus) are scared too death of the Afrikan mindset !Afrikans (Nubians/Blacks) UNITE, and too thyself be true !amerikkka be damned !!!!

Most white males are jealous of the powerful black dk.

Every people of color should ask themselves how the Caucasian race that our out numbered 11:1 can rule most of the Planet. They rule through tricks and lies, mischief making, murder and stealing other peoples resources, and that is historical fact that they can't get out of. The only way people of color will have any peace is to separate from the white devils and their way of life, they our an ancient trouble making people. Read "The Making Of The White Man", "Message To The Black Man In America" and "Ice Man Inheritance" to see who this new people on our planet really our. Peace

Brazilian women are the most beautiful on the planet. Australian a close second.

Where whites rule, things re nicer.What. It's true.

Why do Brazilians speak Portuguese, white violence or black violence?

i hope they stay there with the bedbugs and licea color blind society ???? sounds like that rainbow coalition byte that that ole fake Ninja started...Jessie jack's Son...I hate Ninja's...I thank my white god everyday fo da white man

Oh, oh ... those of us with necks of "red" now have a new problem!  We knew this new Pope was up to no-good?

At the end of WWII a lot of the Nazi Germany's leadership fled to South America, and with them they brought there beliefs of superiority.

Its all about the powerful black dk to white males.

Any country that was built on the backs of slaves does truly owe those slaves at least 40 acres and a mule..If that had taken place in the first place then blacks would not need welfare in any form.. blacks are unlike any other oppressed people because they were stripped of their language and separated from family, children, murdered, for fun, basically terrorized for 100's of years. they don't have a home to go back to...

And AIDS capitol of the western world!

Let the white folks clean their own houses and take care of their own babies.  Take a lesson from the movie "The Help"  Some of them didn't appreciate a good thing when they had us, but trusted what was cooked for them.

This is the Americas. The so called whites are implanted species from Europe. They either adapt gracefully or they f... off back to their original pastures.

Whitey claims to love to work, yet he proves by his actions that he prefers to steal, but only if in the Millions of dollars from hundreds or better yet thousands of people...Whitey will lie, steal, and murder people just for fun.

Most Whites in the US are so unsexy and dull. I don't see the big deal about it.If you guys were at least european looking, but it's not even that.You are effeminate and dull, with a few exceptions.The same racist up here who try to white wash the Confederacy as some sort of utopian society where Blacks were happy are the same ones up here spouting racist krapp. NEXT!

Same here in the USA. Also in the economic sphere. The very few(400) versus the great many(313+million). But the 55million Repubs don't comprehend that. Too much for their feeble and uneducated minds. Driving around drinking beer in rusty old pickup trucks with gun racks and Confederate flags is perfect for them. Even as they shill for the very few Super Rich who screw all of us.I haven't quite figured out yet whether it's their British DNA or they British religions. Recall Katherine Harris said: "my religion means everything to me."  As she, Jeb Bush, Scalia and Thomas stole votes for dummya. And they think that is perfectly acceptable to do that as they have done it in the last two elections and as they prepare to do it again for Jeb Bush or whomever.

Cream always rises to the top.

I know one thing Black or white or in between those brazil guys have some #$%$ dikks and pound pound #$%$ and #$%$.. mmmm

Whites will always be at the top because they are the most aggressive. Who are the serial killers, who are the great artists, who are the great engineers, who are the war mongers....?? White People ! It's because we are the most intelligent, the most driven, extremists. I'm not expressing a racial bias in any way. I'm just stating the facts.

Everyone has their place in society, the misconception is the blame people put on others for it. Elevate yourself, do not expect others to make it easy.

Well it just goes to reconfirm all my prejudices...LOL....No matter where dark skinned people live, they are uneducated, lazy, violent, slum dwelling bottom feeders.  No wonder Africa is called the Dark Continent.

take all the whites out of brazil and watch what happens to it. the same thing will happen to it as did all the big cities in america where the africans have taken over.

This is making me rethink my dream of traveling (and possibly living) to Brazil.

The generationally poor backwards white people in the Ozark and appalachian mountain regions of america are living proof of what whites are truly like without their stolen wealth. You NEVER hear of the great white racist bringing up the subject of their own poor people! They insist it's only a Black or Latino problem. White racist are lieing hypocrits!Don’t knock Brazil, they brought us the Brazilian butt lift

I'd have to disagree with most mixed people in Brazil being the majority. I read a paper on this not too long ago.In Brazil, it is quite common to see interracial marriages. But such interracial marriages have, on average, actually 'whitened' the bloodline of such couples. In reality, white people are still the majority in Brazil. The average mixed/pardo/mestizo person in Brazil has greater than 80% European heritage. So technically, as long as the DNA shows that European ancestry makes up more than 75% of the bloodline, the person is white.Interestingly enough, this also applies to many other Latin American countries such as Argentina, Uruguay, Cuba, and even Puerto Rico.It's just the BS census data countries like the US have that classify people who simply immigrate from these countries to be deemed "Hispanic/Latino" or mixed.

Blacks are now running the US and right winger whites are having a difficult time adjusting.  I'm very happy about that.

Boo, Hoo and Sniffle Sniffle...Ways-sizm be bayed, yo.Septin wen da BLAK fokes duz it, an awl.De Lima apparently has enough Portuguese White DNA in her stupid, whiney self to enable her to be a middling Beta Minus in the Electronic Propaganda Racket; but the majority H. Africanus genetic material still has her as a systemically hooting, screeching, complaining, unsatiated Hunter Gatherer proto human...that can never pick enough tasty insects, grubs and roots.The Ya-Jou Affirmative Action Cheerleaders are totally on board with the Blak Whine Festival.What a surprise.

"Neqro," Encyclopedia Britannica (1798)NEQRO, H pelli niqra, a name given to a variety of the human species, who are entirely black, and are found in the Torrid zone, especially in that part of Africa which lies within the tropics. In the complexion of neqroes we meet with various shades; but they otherwise differ far from other men in all the features of their face. Round cheeks, high cheek-bones, a forehead somewhat elevated, a short, broad, flat nose, thick lips, small ears, ugliness, and irregularity of shape, characterize their external appearance. The neqro women have the loins greatly depressed, and very large buttocks, which give the back the shape of a saddle. Vices the most notorious seem to be the portion of this unhappy race: idleness, treachery, revenge, cruelty, impudence, stealing, lyng, profanity, debauchery, nastiness and intemperance, are said to have extinguished the principles of natural law, and to have reproofs of conscience. They are strangers to every sentiment of compassion, and are an awful example of the corruption of man when left to himself.

Article is talking about whites and blacks in Brazil. Their whites would be classified as Latinos is USA. So why our Latinos are not classified as whites? If people want classification then do it correctly. There are white Latinos, Native American Latinos and Black Latinos. If all white Latinos classify themselves by race as they seem to fit, then white majority in USA will be overwhelming. As to the blacks, they are ~15% of population in USA considering all mixed races people who consider themselves blacks. But in reality, I see Brazilians on TV playing soccer and most of them blacks, I see Brazilians during Olympics, and there are a lot of blacks in their delegation. That young lady got an education and brought herself up on social ladder. Good for her. If more of the blacks will do the same than may be people in Brazil will get used to them as neighbors.  Why a high crime level always associated with black neighborhoods, black countries, black continents. I guess because we always find excuses cause we afraid to sound racist. I think that racism is when people assume inferiority of some people and find excuses for them in places where they would never find them for other people. It is like saying about little kids: what do they know, they just kids.

whites at the top. blacks cleaning the terlets. it's all about the brain, the work ethic. some have it, some don't. but they sure can run and jump can't they?

I was stationed I Panama when I was in the Army. It was so racist, that it wasn't even thought of as racist.  It was the absolute norm. Whites than Brown than Blacks. It was as if they are born knowing this and will not or cannot change this. Only in America can ANYONE move up and make something of themselves no matter what their heritage or race. No Asian country, European county, South American country will a non white be able to be to truly succeed(without the govt., that is).

Racism is akin to a mental disease, a defect of the human mind. The only reason we see color of any kind is because of the photons bouncing off the surface of objects. There is no color only an illusion.

Ah multiculturism - Actually this diversity bit is a failure the world over. Multiculturalism is really a transient phase where the minority is in the process of taking over a majority, then imposing the values it initially ran from, Basically turning decent countries into the third world models that most migrants now come from. But that unfortunately is the numbers game and is inevitiable. Brazil may not fit this scenario but the US is certainly an example in the making.a*bo"ma\, n. (Zo["o]l.) A large South American serpent

When will people realize we all the same.So sick of the rich dumping on the poor. Never seen a Brinks truck drive to the cemetary! What will happen is the masses will eventually take over and take everything from the rich.It happened in Germany 1939.Too many have nots, few rich, they will eventually be taken over.

Whites have always been the superior and blacks the inferior.

Humans are evil, everyone hates everyone else.Only crooked politicians will tell you "We are created equal" but we are not.

You white people just dont get it, live in my shoes for a day!!!

Could it have something to with the low intelligence of the /\/igger?

What most people DON'T know is that MOST Latin American countrys DO have Black populations. But they are so ignored or discriminated against, that you don't see their faces in the travel brochures. Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Colombia and especially Venezuela have large Balck populations. In Central America, they are also there. Even Mexico has a large Black DNA trail that's totally ignored. Ouaxaca and Vera Cruz...

Is the wealth gap due to discrimination, or it is due instead to the different average mental ability levels (i.e. IQ) of the different races?  If Brazil follows the world-wide pattern of the racial IQ gap, it's not surprising that there are more successful whites than blacks in Brazil.  IQ predicts many important life outcomes, including highest educational level obtained, income, marriage rates, imprisonment rates, etc.  If there are equal opportunities but unequal natural abilities, there will be unequal outcomes.  The unfairness of such a situation would not be due to any act of human perfidy or to "structural racism", but simply to accidents of natural selection over the long course of human evolution.

Just shows whites can't co-exist with anyone.  Now they are losing their own countries.  In a few years when they are the minority in their own nations, they should pray we take pity on them.

Here in USA,UK I saw  White People Begging for Food,Job ,Money ,Homeless ,Drug &amp; Crack Addict  in the street Like any People of Color Or People of any country of the World .There is no Difference of Human Face other their "Proud White Color" what is Laughable .I don't know why some so Called "White Trashes" are so Proud of their White Color ??  Here in USA and in UK and other countries of Europe,Canada,Australia We have seen White People living WAY BELOW POVERTY LINE and they are Not any Different than Any Non-White People of Rest of the World ,Other  than  1 to 5% Opportunist (Capitalist ,Bussiness Owners,Hedge Fund Manager,CEO ect.).These so called white people should Not talk or Look Down at non-white people of World who HATE them.Ahhh yes... the liberal rhetoric is active and alive.   It couldn't possibly be a cultural or upbringing issue that makes some cultures more prosperous than others.... NOPE!  Its racism!!!  Thats nice and easy, takes very little knowledge or facts, and fits neatly into a sound bite for social apologists.   BTW-  How is Haiti after the underclass Africans revolted and overthrew the Europeans?  Is that racism too???

I am not black.  Black is the color of my sneaker. I am Latino.

the problem?  sin  // the answer?  Jesus -- be ready, because He is coming back -- whether you believe it or not

I just returned from Rio yesterday and have been traveling there for many years...let me dis-spell some myths about Brazil...Brazil IS NOT a  LATIN AMERICAN country...it is African/Amozonic (indigenous people) country and whites have ALWAYS been the minority in that country.  The great white or German (Nazi) migration took place after WWII and with the riches they plundered from Europe the set up and bought most of the government and industries there...thus giving the image of a "white" controlled country. Just like census in many countries the non white population is under accounted for for positive projections but over accounted for negative projections.  The grass-root's Brazilian view themselves as Brazilian 1st and rarely break themselves down into minority type status like in the U.S. or Europe.  TV stations and mass Meda outlets cater to the U.S. &amp; European dollar...and making them feel safe to see familiar "fair" complected people is their true intention.  Travel to Brazil and see for yourself...one my favorite places on earth.

"The black is indolent and a dreamer; spending his meager wage on frivolity or drink; the European has a tradition of work and saving, which has pursued him as far as this corner of America and drives him to advance himself, even independently of his own individual aspirations." - Che Guevara

If whites had just stayed in Europe where they belong, none of this would be a problem.

When the ni(gg)ers are killing each other. They are actually doing us white people a favor!

So they make the same mistake america did. Affirmative action doesn't make someone smarter it just lets them get a piece of paper that says there to stupid to meet white standards.

Despite the fact that Latinos comprise nearly half the population of Los Angeles, this is not reflected at all in the mass media or Hollow-wood films. Its apartheid, pure and simple. Here, even Spanish-surnamed American producers perpetuate the racism.  Its no better in Latin America, where it seems the media is run by gringo-appeasing moguls. The aesthetic tastes of these racist television and film producers seem to be stuck in the Nineteenth Century--this is called cultural genocide.

seriously if england was so great, why the heck were whites willing to fall off the face of the earth to leave it...and where were they going oh yeah to india, brownsville, reallyonce again, if europe was so great, england was this ultra eutopian white on white society, why were so many whites more than happy to fall of the face of the earth than go back there, any of you racist whites on here can answer anytime

Brazilian women are hot and love dirty, dirty sex

ALL RACIST WILL GO TO HELLTHE PROPHET

there is only one group to blame for all this sh_ _.    the liberal democrats!!      split this country up before these a_holes destroy it...just look at harry reid and nancy pelosi and listen to some of there idiotic statements....or how about most of those idiots in the black(racist) caucasus.   a great society on a downfall!!

There's only one race dear ones and it's called the human race. What is color?  What is nationality?  Stop be blinded by the one who has a vested interest in keeping man divided.  He is the invisible ruler of this world. The one called Satan.

We're all gonna look like the Goo-Backs from South Park in the future? Oh Heck, darn mom and dad.

ALL the Sewers from America and Mexico's open sludge dumps run INTO Brazil. Bon Appetit. Brown peoples.

White race love to invade, steal land and enslave its owners. No race has been so destructive than the white. Evident is everywhere. When I see some white Americans  ignorantly screaming for others to leave, I laugh. People who stole the real Americans' (American Indians) land, slaughter most of the owners and enslave the survivors, are telling others to leave America, a country built on  blood of the owners and the back of slaves.No white has the right to ask any person of other race to leave America. The people who would do  that and I keep quiet are the Indian owners.The teapublitards do more of that.

Its the violent black culture that is the cause; their movies; music; all violent.........and theyhate who they are evidently?

The South Will Rise AgainAmerica NEVER abolished slavery. Look at the 13th amendment. If you are convinced, you can be put back into slavery.

***W H I T E  R A C I S M ***(it's cool again!)

It really is not the color of their skin that has always puts them at the bottom of the pyramid.  It is their low intelligence.

Afirmative Action! There goes another country down the toilet.

everyone hates  #$%$   EVERYONE! Chinese people Hate 'em! The Jews hate them! the arabic word for black man and slave are the sameIt is pretty much universal that PEOPLE HATE N I 6 G  E R S

I Wish alien willl hurry up already

Indeed...but in the next 20 years, Brazil will, mark my words, forge ahead of the USA in terms of fully-integrating (socially-, culturally-, and economically) its people of color into all spheres of its society.  Good for them, shame on us.

the descrimination is onlY because the black r ugly ?

javier where isnt that happening, it isnt just white people that are evil, we all are, it somehow a part of us as human being to act this way, whites, the light brights of every culture have it better

the white always find a way to communcate to eachother ....the other color they dont scare if they get bullied or not they dont have communcation to eachother...the white one try to controlled everything ....the new nicked name for whites should be "LT"  it means Land Thief...some day the white r ganna go back were they belong europe...the white always find a way to communcate to eachother ....the other color they dont scare if they get bullied or not they dont have communcation to eachother...the white one try to controlled everything ....the new nicked name for whites should be "LT"  it means Land Thief...some day the white r ganna go back were they belong europe...

But the funny thing about all of this is if the so called "white" Mexicans and Brazilians are in America they would be considered as being black or non-whites so go figure!! This world is a crazy place!

The ultimate irony is that where ever White people run off to the colored rabble is sure to follow. They are unable to innovate or create and need us to survive. You're welcome...

Sounds just like the Unites States in many ways.

So white people are  the only race with the capacity to oppress their fellow man? Ever hear of Chairman Mao or Idi amin patches? Stupidity is non discriminatory, and all races are guilty of it. the human race is both blessed and cursed with the intelligence to create a better world and learn new ways to kill each other at the same time and until we learn to delegitimize people like mohammed morisi,and Louis farrakahn who condemn you based on the color of your skin or choice of your religion people will remain stuck in stupid.

an article that educates.....obviously, the comment section is for imbeciles

No different then the us...but I've always know that Brazil is very racist, even more so than the us...now that is pathetically pathetic.

Understand thats what people do.  He who has the power makes the rules.  It really has nothing to do with skin color.  Its human nature.  We are evil until we meet GOD.  He causes us to see ourselves.  Then, you have the opportunity to change.  Thats if you want to change your heart.  Otherwise we go on hating, dominating, slaving, killing, taking advantage of each others.  Its called EVIL.

Whites need to stop apologizing for being white and the master race.

Ha!......Looks like Brazil f'd itself too. There is nothing that can be said that hasn't been said already. Let's ship all the whites to Brazil so we can learn the language and move on. Let them send their blacks to hip hop America and everyone will be happy. Anyone want to bet on which country is more likely to flourish?Can we at least all agree that Brazil has the hottest trannies?

Sounds like America but I'm still going to Carnival.

This is not news!  This happens all over Latin America. Mexico has only 20% White population yet they control 80% of the economy from media to government. The crumbles are left for rest of the 80% to survive.

Hatchetface: Are you just shallow or you an #$%$? education comes from opportunity if you are denied  that opportunity from 1888 to get into unirversity. Please tell what you think because you cannot be as stupid as you sound.

Is anyone surprised by this?

Because colorism is widely pervasive in our society, people of all ethnoracial groups are vulnerable to these beliefs, and may, in turn, perpetuate colorism upon others. It’s important that we continually challenge and illuminate these harmful social biases. The more attention we can bring to invisible systems of prejudice, the greater our chances of repairing racial problems and promoting a society that can appreciate the beauty and ability of ALL people.

I believe there is an Adolf Hitler in every leader. They all try to propagate the supremacy of people of their own identity and race in an incremental manner. It is time for black people to crave education and not just be satisfied with a High School Diploma and low paid jobs. We should learn to take responsibility for our actions.

Seems likes the Blacks there needs to fight for their civil rights/

I am currently  visiting Brazil and racism is very obvious. If you look a Brazilian TV you would think its a white European country and everyone had a black servant , they have oppressed blacks from good Jobs and Higher education for all of their history but they have a profound schizophrenic mentality  usually denying their racism while having the nerve to criticize the US

That's ridiculous! I have never met a Brazilian that is "white" maybe based on their skin complexion, but most Brazilians are of mixed race, Most of the beautiful Brazilian women are mixed.. they are not "white"  Just like here in America, many Americans have native American in their ancestry, it's almost difficult to find someone who is just "white" everybody is mixed with something.JD,you are right,if  what she experience was racism,I would say that everyone that look me strolling with son 18 years ago in USA,and assume that I was her babyssiter,was a racist.I do have a african Brasilian descendence on me,but I do not looks like Nubia de Lima.I do have a latin looking with olive skin,and my son looks like his father,very white with rose face and blue eyes.What the people in this country does not know is in a family of several kids in Brazil, can born look like anything,We have a lots of different color skin,color eyes and color hair in the same family.My sister is as darker skin as Nubia and I have a blonde sister with green eyes.I don't know why Nubia is calling herself Black?She is a mix race,just like my family.Brazilians can not compare the racial situation on Brazil with what we still have in US.Like JD says."It would be racism if she were actively and intentionally excluded or subjected to hostilities on the basis of her race. Concerning unequal representation in white collar jobs and government, that is probably more of a socio-economic issue that arose along racial lines, than a purely racial issue. In other words, it's not that anyone is actively excluding darker skinned individuals from these professions, or from running for office, but poverty begets poverty and it's difficult to rise up out of that."from JD comment.

Funny how we in America like to pretend these in-equality scenarios have nothing to do with family structure and basic cultural difference.

How ironic that the most internationally celebrated most famous Brazilian of modern times is a black man........Pele.

Just a little aside here of something that's never mentioned about the advent of slavery of blacks brought to the new world. The spanish, english, portuguese, french, dutch, etc. didn't go to Africa lance, musket and crossbow in hand and grabbed these men and women by the ear and put them aboard a ship. No, they were traded mostly. Other black peoples from dominant tribes would enslave the losers in their internecine and tribal wars and enslave them for their own or sell them off. So, give that a little thought when you are feeling rightly wronged for your ancestors.

blacks and Asians will be left behind when the whites leave to colonize another planet

YOu should see the poor toothless whites that live in the UK, the Balkans and Eastern Europe before you atsrt talking stuff about Barzilians! Just sayin'!

Which is why those who run our school systems are at fault.  Period.

If whites were rid of blacks, they would still find something to fight and complain about.  Look at the serbs and croats, white on white trash killing and stuck in third world status.

Southamerican Countries never would have a black president

Blacks (by virtue of their low intelligence, promiscuity and poor work ethic) are meant to be at the bottom wherever they are placed. Even if a society were to become completely mixed race, the ones that were the least black would still be at the top and the ones that were most black would be at the bottom. You can't "correct" with policy (no matter how well meaning) what is decided at the level of basic biology.must be natural selection like the evolutionists tell us survival of the fittest

mobilization

I hate all brazilians.

hhhhh

Brazil Nuts, so what's new?

What's with all this nonsense about slavery caused this. That #$%$ ended generations ago; you and everyone you know weren't alive during slavery. GTF over it! Jesus christ, and pick up your pants idiot.

Name me a white-run english speaking  country where there's tons of civil war and strife. There are none

Brazil has more black ppl outside of africa than any other place.we dont consider ourselves mixed race we are either black or white.The racist are the europeans who come too steal and lust after our women.

Brazil like America will learn the meaning  of "he who laughs last laughs best" in short order as people of color continue to outnumber whites. This means that by sheer numbers whites will continue losing more and more influence and control. The good thing is people of color are less haters’ than whites and will not discriminate near as much as whites.President Obama's tribulations by Dumbpublicoons to date are a prime example of how hateful many whites still are. If Mr. Obama had been white and accomplished 1/3 of what he has done so far he would have been hailed as one of the best U.S. Presidents of all time!....This too will pass.

I'm black, but am mistaken for a white person with a nice tan.  That's thanks for my ancestors being raped by white men...thanks a lot.  So think about that when you are making these totally racist comments about black people - BIGOTS.deja vu, that is the dogma of the whole AMERICA, including US and Canada.

brazil in my love

I was hoping to see some big Brazilian butts.

Naqqerz are inferior anywhere they exist. The Avg. 75 IQ makes them impossible to bring into the 18th century and above.  Exterminate them now.

The whites of Brazil consist of Germans, Italian, Portuguese and other European mix.  These whites are inherently racial biased against not only against blacks but also to people of color.  They did the same when they had colonies in Africa.  Unless they change their attitudes, they will experience the same faith that the Arab ruling class in Zanzibar experienced at the hands of the decendent of black slaves.  The future of whites is bleak every where, including in the countries of their or their ancestior origin.

I think the only well known Black Brazilians are Anderson Silva, Pele, and Nene.

no thing is secure but god…...

She's HOT!! :-)

Unfortunately it's the same in all cultures.

Where do you people come uup with this #$%$?????hahaha, Some Americans still think they are the only white people in the world, what a bunch of idiots. lol

Yawn. Couldn't find anything better to do than label people? If *white people aspire more, so be it. Same to any other person. Affirmative action is lame. People should get jobs based on performance. If you don't perform, u get the #$%$ job, no matter what color you are, and visa versa.

It seems like the whites in Brazil who are described as most educated with the most wealth, don't seem to know how to breed or stopped breeding all together. I believe this applies to the whites in the United States and Europe, too. The more "intelligence" and wealthy they are, the less they breed or know how to breed which includes the Japanese with the lowest one of the lowest birth rate in the world. I guess they have so much hate and fear that makes breeding, even with their own kind, impossible.

The hate you have for the black people will eat you up , learn to live ,

In the USA everythng is "Inter-racial"  they classify people by skin color in the census, "Causasian"     In Latin America countries we don't classify people by skin color and the word, "inter-racial" does not exist

Dilma Rousseff is black?

It's know different from America look at  case in point if a crime is commented and your white your face is not shown on the other hand, if yiur any other race your publicized.As far as news if it's not ESPN itonly one black on everty channel.

it's only when whites hiring other whites that the issue becomes "racism"

Ok, those of you who still deny the far-leftist slant of the associated press, please read this story as it is a PERFECT example of left wing bias in media. This story provides a one sided, leftist  viewpoint to the situation in Brazil.....that "blacks" do not have many top paying jobs because of racism. Maybe their culture does not stress education and success the way white culture does.I know that is certainly that way with the blacks in the United States. I went to a high school VERY into affirmative action and black advancement. They had a black lady as a super intendent and a good half of the principals in the district were black, including the one at my highschool. They set up after school activities for black students, celebrated black history month almost to a ridiculousness extent, and hired couselers just to relate to black students. The result???? Black students still had a WAY lower graduation rate than white students, most had dropped out by the time they were 16, and VERY FEW went on to higher education. SO DO NOT TRY AND TELL ME THIS IS ALL ABOUT RACISM AND THAT THERE IS NO CULTURAL ASPECT TO IT&gt;

White women who  want to have  black babies are mentally damaged.why anyone want to take the EVOLUTION OF HUMANS  backward? in the nature, why a stallion want to mate a donkey instead of a beautiful Mare?Primitive thoughts and actions have been rooted in all cultures across the globe. How is this not obvious that the Elitist must sustain a good portion of any society below, at or just above poverty level to keep the wheels of profit and power rolling? And, if you're not in poverty, most likely you're in some form of financial DEBT! And DEBT is just as wrong as slavery. Wake up to Zeitgeist.

Whites tried to keep blacks down in the US for decades and now blacks are finally coming into their own.  We live in your neighborhoods, we're in the white house, we are your celebrities, we are your superstars that you root for at the games, we bring home the gold in the Olympics and we're married to your daughters and there's only one thing you can do about it - complain.  That's about it.  And now you're slowly disappearing because your women are having babies with blacks.  Soon, it will be bye-bye whitey.

They can't do there own work,, ?? I wonder who are the real lazy ones of the world..

Black and creole brazilians are fine. We will overcome.

why do rich blacks move to white neighborhoods? Hmm?that's what I thought.

Hue

Brazil is a murderous hell hole full of lunatics who have toxoplazma infections and run around screwing and killing each other. I wouldnt go anywhere near Brazil !

America is more diverse now. We're also much poorer, overcrowded, and more violent. Oh, and our money''s not worth spit now.

By the way it's already ILLEGAL to discriminate against people in the US for jobs and renting and what not. Don't include us in this discussion.

I see it's another Sunday morning cyber-Klan meeting here on yahoo. A group of racist that get together via the miracle of the internet, to aspouse their backwards and hate filled views.It doesnt matter how much you denigrate other races, times are changing rapidly. Whites have got to learn to live together in these changing times. They have no choice. As other races develop economic equality, there are fewer and fewer places for whites to run to.Bis'mill'Allaah!For those truly interested in the true reasoning and specific cause of the vast racial diversity view, listen and absorb the documentary by Dr. Henry Louis Gates on Brazil. In his research he uncovered how during the 1930's if my memory services me correctly how the Brazil government " imported " over 500,00 Europeans as a socially designed method of " changing " the complexion of the people.What we, you, the world is seeing now is the result of this said socially engineered agenda.In'sha'Allaah!

Any one read about or saw the soap opera of Sica Da Silva? Very good history lesson there and the state of slaves in Brazil

It does not matter genetically what color you are,we all have the same earliest black ancestors,there is no disputing the facts.Without the sharing of their blood,not one of us would be here today.Give thanks,and stop hating.

last time i checked no one in brazil was white they were latino........ which is more like brown......

gee, what a surprise, racism against blacks and whites running everything and has all the money. Huuuuum, now where does this sound like?

Sad story. Another apartheid country and had never thought Brazil was this way. If a black man was elected president of the United States, it will happen in Brazil in not too long a future.

brazil is a country of homos and strippers. southern spicks.

no different than any other country ....

White women are flocking to black men in the US and white men are having a tough time dealing with this.  White men have been exposed for having low testosterone, small dks and considered feminine.  Look at all the masculine black athletes in the US, all wealthy black men with white women clamoring to be by their sides.Thus the constant attack on blacks by angry white men.

Racism is ridiculous no matter what country you are in!skin color has nothing to do with being lazy, if it did white folks would be the lazy ones for forcing slaves to do THEIR work

Say what you may, but there will always be division among races.  It is perfectly normal, natural and historically accurate.  This is nothing new and will not be solved by interbreeding or a desire to just get along. Fact is, our greatest strengths come from our differences.  We should not be ashamed of what we are, or from where we came, nor be intolerant of others because of ethnicity.  If people of color wish to be world leaders in science, engineering, government, art, literature, education, medicine, commerce, finance, etc,  then let them lead.  In the mean time, take a lesson..  I am sick of whites being blamed for their successes, as if its a fault.

Regardless of color, you can't blame an entire race of people for the actions of a few individuals.

It amazes me how people think just because you have the numbers on your side your going to take over a country. You hear it among white conservatives when they say hispanics are crossing the borders and are going to take over America. You hear it among white supremacists about how race-mixing will wipe out the entire white race. The truth is, most people do not mix racially at all and those who control industry and war machines will always remain in power. And in American society that  just happens to be white people.

diversity...whatever. Brazil has the largest crime against children and child rape is the highest in the world....Hey brazil, take care of your children first instead of whining about quotas...news flash you still speak the European Slave owner language, just like most of South America---get a clue! You got bigger problems.

Why is that darker people are looked down upon all over the world, from the US to Brazil to India to the Phillipines.  There must be some explanation.

'Cause it's the same all ovuh.The same all ovuh.Yes, it's the same all ovuh.The same all ovuh.

This is never going to end until mankind finally wakes up and realizes that we are all part of the human race. Slavery and all of this B.S is just one big ugly stain on humanity. Guess what? We all will die one day and non of this #$%$ that we are wasting time chatting about on a site called "Yahoo" will even matter.

It is about privilege, which narrows down to power and the group(s), have the power and the most access.  It is so difficult for people to understand how over time the building of a country's foundation to secure the well being and social class of one group affects every aspect of the well being and the social class of other groups. This is not about pointing fingers or blame, it comes down to the intention of the founders of the country, who owned slaves.  Slavery impacted indigeneous and black communities hands down for hundreds of years.  Slavery may have been abolished, but institutional racism is global and still exist today. Some of the comments are baseless without any historical context.

Jenny Barchfield,You are a writer with API I would think you would know the english definitions of words you can't have a majority-minority (Translation: minority The smaller number or part of a number less then half) you are either the majority or the minority you can't be both is it hard to admit and say that whites are actually the minority and controlling  the majority people of color,do you know your world history as to why ..I do. Read Michael Bradley's The Iceman Inheritance: Prehistoric Sources of Western Man's Racism,Sexism and Aggression, good source of knowledge for you...Maybe it will help you.This is the norm through out the whole world,all people of African descent are seen as inferior to Caucasians,Caucasoid,those of European,North African,or southwest Asian ancestry.They created their problem when they started kidnapping us from our native home lands,and we have pulled up neck and neck with them after hundreds of years of bondage,denied education,basic human rights among other horrendous acts,but they call themselves Christians obedient to the laws of GOD and HIS commandments,they will say that they go to church regularly and that makes them better,Hell,the devil goes to church,does that make him alright?? And no matter what we do they are still trying to keep us down,socially,economically and any other way they think will hold us back.Mexico abolished slavery almost 100 years before the United States did,and they still have special voting rights act for African Americans,why the hell is that??? I have done my home work on their history,they came here as criminals and malcontents of the worst kind and still hold that distinction,educate yourselves and they wont be a problem for you,the only true free people in the United States are the so-called white man and the African women,its been that way since slavery,the poor white woman is held hostage from her true feelings and desires and the endangered African American men are constantly being victimized by their svstem of government.

Obama is the WORST thing that could of happened to the U.S. He alone will bring America to the level of a 3rd world nation!

truth be told we are all from the black skin people. you can get the color white from black but not black  to white color. so why be a racist. there are great black people and white people, you have the bad in both also. can't befriends with one and and hate all others. you have to see the culture diffences between one another and try to make the world a better place for all of us to live as one.

"In Brazil, whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power" - mixed societies will always sort out this way not because of skin color but due to how intelligent races are, (or are not),  and how responsibly they behave.

White people....why are you so hateful?. I mean, really, why? You all hit the lottery by just being born. You are the majority of major colleges and universities, no matter your grades. You pass over minorities in the workplace no matter your qualifications. You use and sell the most drugs, yet don't go to prison. Even so-called "black" things like affirmative action white women benefit mostly from, and of the largest groups collecting welfare....9 million black, 10 million Hispanic, and 60 million white (roughly 30% of each population). You people have the most, and complain the most.

Racism Racism I don't care what you call it but its still Racism...Black people have been oppressed for far too long, no one is pointing fingers but we have to be realistic about the condition of blacks now and why they are at the bottom of the social class in almost every country they are in existence...the answer can be traced back to slavery!!! Is not that blacks are lazy and of no worth they just haven't been given the chance to prove themselves. This is a result of inequality.

The governement was smart by pitting us against each other by race, gender, and sexuality. By dividing us its easier for them to #$%$ us over. The true division in our society is by class, if lower and middle class races ever united and fight against a government that marginalizes us we can begin to move further collectively today and in the future..

I dont care what color you are, you #$%$ with me and you will pay hell for it!!

Make sure you take all your money, jewelry and credit cards at all times.... Hotel Cleaning women will rob you blind...... My first day in Sao Paulo, I got robbed off $2k from my suitcase ..... Guarulhos Airport is the worse.... nothing but favelas, Slums

To M the Idiot bigot &amp; all the rest in  this room who have your sick views about racism not existing; Some #$%$ Puerto Ricans -who are ppl of color &amp; think they are white, think again-you're the other #$%$!!!!!!  In All Races (Non- Black) mock our style,swagger, words, mannerism,dance, hand shakes etc, want to be like us but hate our beautiful BLACK SKIN! Racism will always exist!!!see you soon my distante

Obama being president has not changed anything here in the USA either. We still have disguised and subtle racism and segregation everywhere. Same here too if you look at corporations management, TV, Film, Ads, still just a few token minorities.  A country controlled through a result of slavery, mass murder,massive land grabs and wealth and mineral resource stealing.

Sadly, we cannot seem to move past this artificial way of defining who gets money, power and privilege in this world and who doesn't. There are still too many people hung up on defining themeselves by their outer shell rather than their humanity which we all share in common. The best we can do is not support these countries and businesses that continue to perpetuate the biases in the world. We also need to look inwardly as an American country to make sure we do not fall back into this trap. It is really sad. Again, this is still the aftermath of the slave trade and our inability to address these issues openly.

In one of the days in the Navy, a young man, caucasian was having money trouble, his wife contacted the command to complain about the money received.  I escorted the young man to the payroll area known then as disbursing.  Not aware how much money the young man was missing when we went to the payroll area to discuss the matter, I was informed the amount was over 5300.00.  For his paygrade this was a significant amount.  I had to ask how did this happen and why was it everytime I pass by here there's a line, the people in the line mostly was black and white.  --- We got the young man's money, but I was considered a racist for my comment.  ----  In the legal system, you read every week a person is freed out x number of years as a result of DNA, the people released are black or white.  Yet its black and white that continue to dance this ugly dance its our world and its our fight.  That's a sickness.

It is about privelege

Chart 7 shows that there are race differences in brain size. Orientals average 1 cubic inch more brain matter than Whites, and Whites average a very large 5 cubic inches more than Blacks. Since one cubic inch of brain matter contains millions of brain cells and hundreds of millions of connections, brain size differences help to explain why the races differ in IQ.

"Nearly all TV news anchors in Brazil are white, as are the vast majority of doctors, dentists, fashion models and lawyers. Most maids and doormen, street cleaners and garbage collectors are black. There is only one black senator and there never has been a black president,"---huh...and all this time I thought Brazil was messed up

Brain size can be measured by taking outside head measurements. These results confirm the findings based on the method of weighing brains and filling skulls.I reported (in the journal Intelligence, 1992) on a sample of thousands of U.S. Army personnel. Even after correcting for body size, Orientals had a larger head size than Whites, who had a larger head size than Blacks (see Chart 2, page 23). In 1994, I reported (also in Intelligence) a study of tens of thousands of men and women collected by the International Labour Office in Geneva, Switzerland. Head sizes (corrected for body size) were larger for East Asians than for Europeans. Europeans had larger heads than Blacks.

Wow, I wouldn't expect that in Brazil; guess I'll take that visit off my list. lol..

Race, race, race.  What the hell.  There are black, brown, and white racists.  Why do we always hear about the black.  I remember when I saw pictures of the bad cop gone nuts killing people in California, who was black, my only thought was "Man he's got big arms".  I think more of my grandsons BLACK step dad  then I do my own son.  I am sick of hearing about black #$%$, there are stories out there about black on white atrocities too.  You don't hear much about that.  Why are there more blacks in jails, why do I feel uneasy around #$%$ in public, the facts speak for themselves.White America lost their country ,soon here will be no white because white been kicked and discriminated unless you are really rich(still have to be careful  bc you can be sued) every body know this is a fact, but no one do anything since know its too late ,same in europe happening now, ones blacks getting good job they do not want to help white guys, Now usa want to wish the same to Brazil....

The mixing of race and culture, was practiced thousands of years ago. The peoply who were among the first to indulge were called Sailors.

The bible said pollute the blood.

White, black,European, Asian, Arab, Muslim, rich or poor are all my equal. People  who think they are better than  others for the color of their skin are behaving  like fools because they have been brainwashed at a young age.

The second paragraph was like the US back in the 50's. Now  those were the days.

the first slave ships...the Nina and the Pinta....brought slaves to the carribean and S.America first....then they eventually travel to Jamestown, VA.

there is a certain amount of truth to both arguments as a person of mixed blood it would seem that both sides of this issue may have valid arguments. now can we get on with the process of a good education for all who are willing and make it affordable!

I think we all would be better off if white men and black woman got hooked up and black men and white women did the same.  By spilling cream in coffee and chocolate in milk we can turn the entire world into a beautiful brown where whites and blacks would be the minority. Once we are all one color, which will eventually happen if we survive a distant future, there will be no color discrimination.  So you young whites and blacks go find love together and make the world a better place!

blacks are like muslims . They want to conquer and divide. Only using there animalistic jungle manners instead of guns and machetes. The OREO race is far more superior than the black race. The problem is the black gene still overrides common sense.

You mean African-Brazilians, don't you?lol by white i think they mean latin, im white and i lived in brazil for a 2.5 months most poeple there have black/dark hair and brown eyes they might have pasty skin but for the most part there arent any whites just latins blacks and mixed caramels

shes hot.

*confused*  How can Brazilians be white and Latino at the same time??!!!

Brazilians can segregate themselves all they want in Brazil but when they come to America, we see them all has housekeepers and hot prostitutes. Sorry folks but it's the truth. so, in brazil white brazillian are a top of the food chain, in america, they are the ones serving us the food,clean bathrooms, taking you behind the shed for a quicky... i still love their women; hooooooooooootttttttttttt!

Maybe it's because white people are just smarter?  If you think every race is equal..then, you're just naive...look at the home countries of every race..and see how progressed they are.

Hispanics are typically classified as caucasian, which is used interchangeably with white. The author is probably incorporating a significant number of Hispanics into the white percentage to support the particular narrative she wants to impress on the reader.

We are all born innocent. Black kids are taught to steal, be racists, black = entitlement and a free ride. Whites are taught to go to school and get a job, have integrity.

I was in Brazil in 1986 and I made similar observations back then...27 years later, not much has changed

White, black,European, Asian,  Arab, Muslim, or rich or poor are all  my equal. People who think otherwise are FOOLS.

And this goes out to some of these White Noise, cowardly, always want a tan, but hate Black people , nasty relative rapping punks, #$%$ my race has done? How about creating the greatest mistake that the Contienent of Africa produced, and that was Black Africans who migrated to a colder climate, got lighter and whiter and took over other Ethnic races countries!! Africa is the most natural resource producing country in the world, Majority Black, and now there are European White people living in South Africa!! #$%$, every place and country that allowed Europeans live there has been overun, cheated and killed either by sickness or war by White people, including America who was owned by Native Americans!Brazilians can segregate themselves all they want in Brazil but when they come to America, we see them all has housekeepers.  Sorry folks but it's the truth.

Brazil has stunningly beautiful people.

test

OH ,,How shocking, Racial disharmony in the 21st century , .

It is not just Brazil, I was in Costa Rica, and the tour Guide told me that Orientals (East Asians) are not allow to become doctors and lawyers.

I can't help but be amused at the way a presumably American reporter pointed out the "segregation" that exists in Brazil, as if that sad reality were comparatively uncommon in the USA or elsewhere! It would seem to me that our Anglophone neighbors to the north somehow believe that they have miraculously extirpated their shady past concerning race relations (e.g. Jim Crow laws) by virtue of having elected Barack Obama or watching Oprah Winfrey on TV! With all due respect, the author of the article in question needn't have gone so far to find examples of the lamentable black-white divide. All she had to do was take the train to Milwaukee, New York City, Chicago, Washington DC, Detroit, Cleveland or St. Louis, all of which have white-black dissimilarity scores over 70%, which identifies the percentage of one racial group that would have to move to a different neighborhood to eliminate segregation! Scores over 60% are considered to be "very high segregation". The above mentioned dissimilarity index, by the way, was prepared by professors John Logan and Brian Stults at the Brown and Florida State universities based on 2010 census data (see: the Business Insider article called "The 22 Most Segregated Cities in America"). In addition, with respect to "nearly all" prime-time Brazilian TV news anchors being white, is it so vastly different in the USA? I think not. Frankly, I could go on and on. Suffice it to say that the two most populous nations in the Americas have MUCH more in common than some would like to admit when it comes to racial exclusion.

So What!!!!

Peace and Happiness is the most important than exclusion..focus on that only.

Ooo...Thanks for the History lesson.

Racism is extremely prevalent in Brazil.  Reminds me of 1950 Mississippi.  We did expatriate work their for some clients before they got the Olympics and CEO's would use derogatory words as freely as if they were in the boys locker room.  Also, the sexual innuendos directed at the Black female underclass was quite jarring.  If you're a Black female maid or something, forget about it, you dealt with racism and sexists all day.Mixed people are the smartness and most beautiful people in the world.  Mating within sooner or later will be inbreeding.

Race is Race....if you don't want to go to school and be a doctor that's on you not everyone thinks the same way. There are alot of things black people don't want to do as well as white people. In a white family if your dad or mom was a doctor chances are the kid becomes one. Same goes for black family but there is always that chance for a change of mind, or any kind of degree.

The black community must be compensated worldwide !

not much different than the U.S.

Who gives a fuccchhh , the whites probably went to school worked hard to get where they are. I know lets just let anyone become doctors or lawyers ok liberals. I hate yahoo

There is no discrimination in Brazil. The color divide is an educational divide. There is no law that prevents any dark skinned person in Brazil to get good education and subsequently a good job. The schools are also not segregated. A black or mix can enter any school. The problem is the cost. Good schools cost more and most of the dark skin people can't afford them. The problem is - there is no government programs in Brazil that treat blacks as the privilege class like it is in the U.S. So they have no free education there. While in the States there is effectively a reversed discrimination. Whites pay for everything, especially middle class, blacks don't.

OMG , it is the same here in the US. You DO NOT! see many dark skinned blacks at all on tv! They are almost always always always mixed light skinned. All the Mexican soaps almost always used white or lighter actors or many times Argentinians. True blacks are never on tv unless its a sports person. Same all over the dang world.

Hello..Didnt The creater make this world and it inhabitants?So, the racial issue is man made..Your skin color isnt the issue..The caliber of person one is and the standard he/ or she lives for is the real determining factor..Especialy in the U.S... to continue pointing at 'The race card:" Is like blamming the road for your rough ride..Get off that road and get on one that is smoother..Every one has been given the oppurtunity to make it happen ,here.. If you dont do something with your life ..it.'s a free country..Your free,,today is a brand new day..what are you doing with it!?Get over it! Look in the mirror..Stop blameing and get up and go make something of your life..Stop being ib bondage to some one else's baggage...Oh! by the way stop electing people who are turning this country into a socialist country,,and stop letting the social meada dictate your frame of mind..get a life ..get up,,shake it off.. If one hold's his/her head up and step's foward with faith and dignity ,,anything is possible!

SPIRIT SKY...YOUR PEOPLE...STOLE...JUST LIKE...YOU..STOLE EVERY..THING  ELSESTOLE..NATIVE ..INDIAN...LAND...STOLE..AFRICANS..FROM..THEIR..COUNTRY..NOT ON CARINVAL..CRUSE...STOLE...COTTON..GIN...ETC..TELL..LIES..THEYDISCOVERED....IT...HOW ARE..YOU..DISCOVER..AMERICA..PEOPLE..LIVE THERE..NATIVE..INDIAN..YOU..BOMB...JAPAN..THEY MAKING..YOU..PAY.......AUTO...INDUSTRY'''IS ''..THEIRS...JAPANS..ARE...SMARTER...THAN...YOU..YOU..JUST..STEAL..AND...LIE.........................................................LIARS...YOU...PEOPLE..SPEAK..WITH..FOLK..TONGUE

Race is merely a divisive human construct used primarily to control the wealth of a nation.could this just be reflective of the differances between mostly black and mostly white countries.

I will have to double check the facts of the article with the guys at the Embassy in Brazil...Eish but if its the case one could imagine the frustration of the black people in Brazil.I have been a victim of apartheid  laws and I am surely not a fan of the idea of divide and rule.Sucks!!!

signs of real hard times are coming to Brazil, watch who will rise from the bottom

its hard being a person of color in any part of the world, why? whites are taking advantage of the inequalities rooted against blacks, but they dont like to be accused of aiding racism. i say the guy driving the car is just as guilty as the guy that went into the bank to rob it.

Obama the illegal alien loves the govt controlled Yahoo........

A smart nation in modern times is the one that takes care of all of its children without looking at their race or skin color, teach and make them productive. Discriminating  between  one's  own  children is like shooting oneself in the foot... since it will  into  breeding a whole class of useless citizens.

Man, what an opportunity. Someone down there should come and study America. How "darker skin" people have made it. If I were a developer there, I would create a neighborhood where these new people who are making it could live

Crakaas n seeit

White females in America and Brazil just can't get enough of black dck...In fact, their nature desire for black males have only increased two-folded with each generation of white females. According to U.S. Census, over 1 million white females had babies by black males every year since 2005. Blacks in Bazil will control the political power, wealth, and population in less than 10 to 12 years, whereas blacks and Hispanics in the the U.S. a little bit longer in 20 to 22 years as black and brown populations increase to the majority..

So the point is, no matter how many blacks and mixed there are, they will never equate or exceed the white man in business or economic statute.  so what is it. Are you jealous?? You can not and would not ever equal a pimple on a white man's #$%$. Period. So, be happy in your middle cl#$%$ life, because all the others live in favelas, and we all know what that is like. I do not see where the concern is. Your race is what it is. Why is it the white mans problem. You are not their people. You are last in line. Get over itSo the point is, no matter how many blacks and mixed there are, they will never equate or exceed the white man in business or economic statute.  so what is it. Are you jealous?? You can not and would not ever equal a pimple on a white man's #$%$. Period. So, be happy in your middle cl#$%$ life, because all the others live in favelas, and we all know what that is like. I do not see where the concern is. Your race is what it is. Why is it the white mans problem. You are not their people. You are last in line. Get over it

I think what it boils down to is ratings. Discussions of race, religion and politics get a lot of ratings, people heated and arguing with each other and this is what they want, us fighting so they can keep us divided and therefore they can stay in control.

..IT'S.....REALITY....GET...REAL....KEVIN..AND....YOUR  ..RACISTS..HATEFUL...PEOPLE

KEVIN..YOUR..PEOPLE..HAS..PASS..THE..THROUGH..GENERATIONS..THE..HATE..THE HATE...THAT HAS MADE..MY PEOPLE...STRONG..AND..BELIEVING...JESUS...WE.ARE..GOD............CHOSEN..ONES......WE ARE ........STRONG...AND...LOVE

Just like here whitey will eventually be no more - whitey is the major cause of wars over the last 1,000 years

...WE...GOT...HISTORY...AND......GOD...LOVE...GOT...GOD..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Can't wait to go there. Beautiful women...OMG!!! Unlike the stuck-up, fat, lazy, wanna-be reality show drama queens we have to deal with here in the US (black and white). I'm told the women over there are all gorgeous with incredible bodies who do nothin' but get down to business, no questions asked. B4 I die or get married (never), I have to go check it out, along with a few other spots I been hearing about. Anybody got any other places I can go "visit let me know......

You white people on this article still reaching for that image of perfection like you haven't done anything in Brazil to bring up this issue of segregation either. The karma that you white people will receive will be so intense.

Man is the most vile and evil specie I hate to hear the ignorant opinions about why skin-toned discrepancies are valid arguments to explain or support the inequities of society.  It's funny when racists say "pull up your pants" and get a job because nepotism always trump. When slavery was in place all slaves had a job and labored to create a society of which they were not allowed to enjoy.  Now that labor is no longer free, those who are not hired are considered "lazy"?  ... Really GTFOH. People are some pretty selfish smug sons of bees and need a time out....

And they are talking about south -south cooperation omitting that africa that has more black folk is in the south hemisphere and is supposed to have a cooperation with brasil!!!!!!While Brazil is set in its racial patterns and it now will be a huge disadvantage going forward for their country..., America is still a few decades from that situation and today's immigration flows are not guaranteed to continue. Also keep in mind that if the Euro zone collapses u will see huge amounts of European immigration to the new world. Nothing is set in stone

Anywhere in the world racism and discrimination has to do with Color, Shape, Lines, Smell, brains and that is the natural election method used by humans to continue procreating and populating this world. If you don't have the right combination of these ingredients you can even be discriminated by your own.

But you white people want to blame the so called blacks here in Brazil because they always create the crime sprees huh????? And why is that????Maybe because you whites don't give many blacks good paying jobs much???? But why not?We supposedly don't have much experience? We supposedly don't have much education???And why is that????You whites get educated on one side/the better sides of Brazil top notch premium education while the native latinos and blacks are getting the opposite if not any at all.The intricate plans these white people came up.

NO ONE is superwhite, jack  check your Ancestors

.........BLACK...LOVE...IS  GREAT.....REMEMBER...DON'T...FORGET....OUR..HISTORY.........WE...ARE...STRONG..THEY..WOULD..NOT...MADE..IT...WE..DID..STRONG....LOVE....

Education is usually the key along with not knowing local culture and tradition and law and what is admirable and what is not. Yah, it has nothing to do with exclusion...unless you are quick to be a racist and exclude the majority group...because you're schizophrenic and make your judgements base on the quality or lack of TV you watch...the exclusion is your own reflection of you...  The next issue is...we will always have people that stay separate and the dynamics of a country you don't understand....even if its your own...doesn't mean you are excluded it means you don't understand how, why and what people do for people, the economy etc...it also means that even though your family has had many or a few generations in said country...your assumptions are false.  Many countries don't make ends meet...hence Welfare and WIC and many social service programs that are unaffordable that means that those that work more will get paid less....  So racist are you for excluding yourself out of education inspite of being eager...education doesn't mean enrol at the local university...it means contribute to your local area however meager it might mean and it must be done without replicating another business that will make someone else's family starve...and many more in that community...so assuming sports and business and economy and university education is the key...that's the false positive.

Sounds to me like this article is about America. Brazil is just as screwed up, and the "People" on top are to blame. Whites spread racism like the flu.

Anywhere there is white colonizers there WILL ALWAYS be a RACIST SYSTEM Oppressing US FOR THE BEAUTIFUL BROWN EARTHLY SHADES OF COLOR WE ARE

Isn't the situation in Brazil very similar in the U.S.A.? Not much difference and slavery in  the US was abolished in 1863, though many of the photographers, models, doctors and ect. are white and thank God that the black people are no longer brainwashed by skin colors of each other any more. Look at the Gap, A&amp;F and other clothing companies alike and you will not see that many black or latin models. Maybe once a year they will have a black male model and no black photographers are hired by them. Get hip black people stop supporting these racist companies.

Even in this 21st century? I though Brasil was less segregated with icon like king Pele the soccer player.Blacks don't like living with blacks ..so why should  white people...?

Do they speak N|G Latin?

gee it's almost like people of European ancestry are more intelligent or something.

The reason whites are at the top of their game is because: 1) Higher IQ (higher impulse control, more productivity) 2) the white system is designed by whites (naturally you will dominate in a game you have invented) 3) Colored people have no history of civilization so they have nothing to put against the white culture so they cannot go aganst it and at the same time they cannot completely be WITH it - they sink to the bottom. It's called natural selection. If white people disappear they will apear out of brown races again in the next 40 000 years. "WHITENESS" and "BLACKNESS" are the evolutionary steps, not made by politically correct scientists - Nature will create another white race out of some other race or vice versa. Each will dominate in their own environment. the trouble starts when you FORCE MIX them

Any society or Nation that has been involved in slavery in their History has had a problem with intergrating their respective peoples . When you look at a Nation like Brazil . The article states that most of their professional people are white . What it shows me is that they are probably not as far along as we are in The United States as far as education goes and to where the minorities can attend college , become Doctors , Lawyers , TV Newcasters , Models , Wall Street bankers etc. If you take the example of Cuba I venture to say you would find the same result . many slaves came through Cuba in the 1800s . Today you have a mixed society as well . What is the make-up of The Cuban population ? Is it The Whites at the top of the pyramid then those of mixed blood and finally those who are black at the bottom ? This is such a complicated issue with no simple solution . On first glance it would be great to say can't we all get along or we are all the same . The dictates of History and what has happened just don't bear this out . Should we all be the same with the same hopes , dreams etc ---- obviously yes . However so much more needs to be done and to me at least it all starts when children are young and what they are taught in the home and also the schools where tolerance should be a subject .

I just don't understand some of our logic here.....black schools are predominately black out of survival....whites created and FUNDED the institutions to keep them out of theirs. White schools are white because they kept the others out for so long. You guys do realize that Auburn, Alabama, UGA, etc are more white than HBCUs are black? Some HBCUs are 20% white and schools like Grambling have become almost a training ground for white football players that still are not yet good enough to make the LSU cut across town, and they get a free ride minority scholarship the entire time they are learning proper tackling techniques. Auburn Univ is over 95% white...where is the outrage there? A black guy founded BET (this is a captialist society where people can start private companies) for the same reason women wanted Lifetime Television for Women--programming suited to discuss their individual needs. I mean, the first thing we scream at blacks is "stop complaining, you want this and that, go get it for yourself." Okay, so they stopped complaining about the lack of blacks on white primetime and went out and started their own network with black shows. Now, we are still talking bad about it. You can't have it both ways! Some of my co-workers are AKAs and Deltas, prominent black sororities with some white membership--started because for 60 years they couldn't joing white sororities. Again, they got denied membership, and did what is normally admirable--started organizations they could join. So, all the Delta Zetas/Alpha Delta Pis, etc that were founded on racial segregation and are still 98% white are somehow okay but the black ones are not? It is non-sensical--where is THEIR criticism? Again, neither one of these PRIVATE organizations have done anything wrong, I was just pointing out the double-standards. I say racist things sometimes, and I can be insensitive, but even I get tired of us trying to act like we don't understand all of this. They didn't ask to start their own clubs, they were FORCED to--and now, ironically, WE are complaining about it. Remember, they originally wanted to desperately associate with us. That's all!

This is very disturbing! America's media racism over the years have affected what other countries think of Dark skinned people, especially dealing with how Europeans thought and treated African Black people during slavery!! This kind of Economic and Social racism is very 1940's-1950 USA!!  This tactic used by White or lighter skined people of keeping people of a daker skin tone uneducated, forced to work minial jobs, unequal treatment, and unequal pay is all a grand plan that the United States used on Black Americans for hundreds of years!! A way to keep White people in charge and in power! By denying education and fair treatment, that has always been the Motive behind one Ethnic race of people controlling another!! AND YOU WONDER WAR BREAKS OUT ALL OVER THE WORLD!!

A coworker of mine is from Brazil;  she is clearly mixed race -- black, Portugese, and Amerindian.  I don't know if it's cultural, but she has a strong work ethic.that sometimes  brings her at odds with certain minorities that she works with.

Whoever is blessed enough to carry the flame of knowledge against the vast and endless dark also has the curse of having to spread it. To hoard it would mean certain doom for all.

...WE..GOT..JESUS..AND..GOD...LIFE...EVERLASTING.....THAT...ALL...THAT..COUNT......JESUS...LOVE US....READ..REVELATION...NO..MORE..CRYING..NO..MORE.SICKNESS.JOY..UNSPEAKABLE...JOY...WE ARE THE..CHOSEN..ONE.THIS WORLD..IS  OUR..HOME...IS  HEAVEN..HEAVEN..WITH...GOD...PEACE....I BELIEVE........WE..GOT..JESUS..AND..GOD...LIFE...EVERLASTING.....THAT...ALL...THAT..COUNT......JESUS...LOVE US....READ..REVELATION...NO..MORE..CRYING..NO..MORE.SICKNESS.JOY..UNSPEAKABLE...JOY...WE ARE THE..CHOSEN..ONE.THIS WORLD..IS  OUR..HOME...IS  HEAVEN..HEAVEN..WITH...GOD...PEACE....I BELIEVE.....

This type of stuff happens everywhere. This is not new news!In every race across the world they discriminate based on the skin color- India, Asia, South America all look for the lighter skin people to put on TV and management of companies.Everyone like to pretends this isnt happening but it is.For you white people who thinks this doesn’t happen to people of color. Wake up! Turn your TV on and count the number of white actors to the people of color. Hell go outside and count the number of store managers in your area. Do this for an hour and you will be surprised! Or maybe not because it’s the norm all over the world.This is not a race card but something that people of color have to deal with all this time.I blame the slave trade for all of this- If this didn’t happen maybe there wouldn’t be so much hate toward people with African blood or darker skin! Slavery made everyone not wanting to be dark skinned.

When you read all of these race based derogatory notions and opinions, you can see why the GOP has lost the last two national elections. Some whites refuse to except that people of any race can aspire to whatever they want to be in america, and around the world.

Brazil has many black deportees that earn more than the whites. Pele the soccer champs is one example of it.

You evil white people try to play this game in the central and south america's by trying to insinuate now how the native latino's and whites are the same and then turn our native latin brothers and sisters against the so called blacks. This is why ALL you stupid whites just need to be put to death. This just prove how the so called white "Europeans" are just as evil as the American white.

It's a good thing these comments aren't graded on passing or failing based on relevance of the article, cause half of you including myself will need a BIG curve....

No ..say it ain't so (sarcasm)!

To each according to his own abilities!

I visited Brazil over a decade ago, before their boom. The evidence of racial hierarchy was everywhere. It becasue clear very quickly, even to a visitor of 10 days, that the Euros--blond and blue eyed--were the ones living it up, dancing in night clubs in Buzios, the olive skinned people ranked under them, and the poor were of African descent. Many countries have the same legacy, but I sure hope Brazil can overcome its.

I think this would be a wonderful opportunity to pause for a moment and give thanks for the great contributions of the Black community to our society. Their peaceful and generous nature make them ideal neighbors, lending testimony to their exceptional family values and parenting skills unrivaled by any other culture. Their commitment to academic excellence enriches our schools and serves as an example to all who hope to achieve prominence as a people. Real estate values are fueled by the mix of African Americans into an area due to their caring and respectful nature of these communities, an example of all they have achieved through their enthusiasm for self improvement by hard work and a self-reliant can-do nature. Without their industrious and creative drive, we would be poorer as a nation.Wow..I could tell by these comment that no one here is an African. While most of you guys are here trying to understand what's like or how can they live like that, or why don't they get an eduction. Here's what you should do  go back as black slave get rape, get rip away from your homeland and your culture, get your children your family taking or even killed be place all over the world unwhilling, than you could all ask how come for this or that....

The non-politically correct fact about it all, that can be seen ALL OVER THE WORLD is that white people, in general, are just naturally more intelligent than black people.  Anthropologically it makes sense since white people have evolved more and more as they migrated further and further away from Africa.  Their cognitive ability grew while their libido cooled off a bit.  Don't get me wrong; black people are good at doing some things, like picking cotton, gangbanging, playing basketball, being blue collar crooks aka. "thugs", pimping, robbing, killing (mostly each other), and collecting welfare.  You can get mad at me all you want, even call me a racist, for simply pointing out the obvious.  I mean, they haven't even evolved to the point to where they have figured out how to properly wear pants.

I realize there are many factors involved.  But why does nobody even consider that different races have different aptitudes?

It seems that your group of elites (namely the media) is as usually hungry to air some info of discordance.  Have you ever considered that within the white community there is also a system of prejudice?  The base of which is simply MONEY.

This story is wrong in so many expects, "Nubia" is confused by a maid??? Really? What nanny would be using an expensive wardrobe? Nannies, maids get paid around $300-400 a month there...

This article is a off base by miles. Brazil has a much smaller percent of "Blacks" than the US.(less than 10%)  Yes, the gap between Rich and Poor is even greater than the US but it is not based in race. There are wealthy and poor of all races.  Prejudices are based on social-economic status and area.  They DO NOT HAVE RACIAL DISCRIMINATION!

yahoo uses models to trick people to click on their boring and unpopular articles.

Old news.  You can go back and read books on Brazil and see this was and has been a persistent fact.  I have traveled to Brazil many years ago and the country was comprised of various classes based on racial factors.  It is and was a wonderful country but facts are facts.

5. ConclusionWe have found, in both human and non-human animals, that darker pigmentation is associated with higher levels of aggression and sexuality (and in humans with lower IQ). Lighter pigmentation is associated with the slow reproductive strategy (K) including lower birth rates, less infant mortality, less violent crime, less HIV/AIDS, plus higher IQ, higher income, and greater longevity.The correlations between human pigmentation, aggression, and sexuality (and IQ), is further supported by the anthropological and sociological research on “pigmentocracies” (Lynn &amp; Vanhanen, 2006). A pigmentocracy is a society in which status hierarchies are based largely on skin color, with lighter skin denoting higher status and darker skin lower status. Although these are typically explained by the legacy of slavery and imperialism, and although cultural and environmental factors undoubtedly play a substantial role (Rushton &amp; Jensen, 2005), we have focused on genetic pleiotropy to explain the much less known relationship between skin color and behavior.Life history theory (LHT) may explain why darker individuals are more aggressive and sexually active and why these traits co-vary with longevity, birth rate, infant mortality, speed of maturation, and many other characteristics ( [Templer, 2008] and [Templer and Rushton, 2011]). The melanocortin system is a physiological coordinator of pigmentation and life history traits. Skin color provides an important marker placing hormonal mediators such as testosterone in broader perspective.We recognize that this paper provides only a first approximation to what may become a workable explanation of melanin and its correlates. There are complex issues that need to be resolved. For example, skin coloration in humans is labile, showing much unexplained variation such as the African Khoi-san in the Kalahari Desert who display light pigmentation. Nonetheless, we believe our data reviews point in a direction that could greatly advance knowledge. Although the traits do not always go in lockstep, our data and analyses raise new research directions that should be seriously explored.

Black this! Black that !. It's getting very boring. African nations have had political independence for at least half a century, they are all basket cases, blaming everybody but themselves, Nigeria with all the oil, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Cameroun, no success story anywhere. They might as well call the former colonial masters back, it's a disgrace to the continent and the race as a whole. Blacks wether in Africa or in diaspora, should just shut their mouth and get on with life instead of blaming everyone else.I wish people would stop hiding behind posts like this on the Internet and develop a spine and balls and openly and freely express themselves in public.  There are a lot of wimps online....

#$%$ are every where I see....

Contrary to what you believe, Slaves were criminals in Africa.... The Portuguese would take these murderers and rapists from their tribes and saved them from the Death Penalty ... YES, they were condemned to Death

And this is fundamentally different from the U.S. how?

From what I've heard most of the people who get scholarships reserved for African Americans would be considered oreos by most black people. Either that or although they are technically African American most people would not consider them so i.e. white South Africans or Sino Mauritians.

The racial divide was quite evident when I visited Rio. I was met with contempt at a few places. They would become more inviting when they heard me speak English.

Compared to Brazil, Argentina and Chile the US is heavenfor people of color

Racism is alive and kicking all around the world, in form or another. In India, we take it to an art form. It's called casteism--discrimination among people of the same race based on caste.    Most of it is linked to money, power, and feelings of insecurity.  People try to protect their own standing in society by erecting barriers so that upward mobility and equality becomes very difficult.  America has perhaps made the greatest progress against racism and other forms of discrimination. But even here, we have a long way to go.

Money is the only white racewhoever black who has money is consider as whitewhoever white who do has money  is consider poor black compare to the balck who got money . as a result money egal white. just because white race was the one who generated slavery as a source of revenuewhite slaves were exited as well;irony is, some black had white slaves  depend on your family

There is a man that works with me. He is a young white guy (34). He has 7 kids, wife is a stay at home mom. He says he wants more kids to expand the race. He makes 100k a year with an art degree from an art institute. He treats this black lady in his dept like #$%$. She does all his work, manage his dept but he wont increase her pay. He is insecure because she possess the knowledge &amp; skills to do his job but he wont change her title because he doesnt want people to know the work thats being done is being done by a minority. He has no leadership skills whatsoever, but I can tell that it bothers him that she knows more than himLynn (2002) reviewed the literature on psychopathy in childhood and adolescence and found that Blacks averaged the highest rates including diagnosis with childhood conduct disorder, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), being suspended or excluded from school, scoring low on tests of moral understanding, failing to live up to financial obligations such as paying back student loans, poor work commitment, recklessness (e.g., having traffic accidents), maintaining monogamous relationships, being responsible parents, engaging in domestic violence, and needing hospitalization for injuries sustained through altercations.

Its just in a white person nature to control by threat or intimidation through out history the white race has kept its footOn people of color necks with violence itsJust in there nature

more Obummer #$%$...white with white and black with black etc....no other way ever....

i love it how these idiot racist try to equate the experience of enslaved people to people that weren't enslaved.  because not only were blacks in the u.s.a. enslaved for 9 generations.  they also, had to endure a vicious jim crow system that in most cases made slavery look good.  this idiot racist WSK said that other people worked there way to success.  well, that's a lie  most whites in America can trace their people to the ellis island wave of immigration.  they came to a country that was extremely pro-white.  they didn't have to endure any of the exclusion that blacks were enduring during this jim crow era.  nor did they have to worry about the domestic terrorists (kkk, white citizens council etc) that were roaming the country killing, raping and burning down any and all of their possessions.  naw, they came and took what was built by enslaved people and claimed it as their own with out contributing.after ww2 we rebuilt Europe and japan.  with tax money that blacks surely were paying because massa was most definitely gonna take their resources. japan invaded this country but we repaid Japanese that were placed in camps. so, how is working your way up without hand out, WSK?  we paid whites that claim Judaism for crimes committed by others.  a whole lot of money  so, how is that working your way up WSK?  and invaded another country to steal their land and give it to these people.  the taxpayers are still paying billions yearly for that theft.  so, how is that working your way up WSK?  I love it when ignorant racist try and make a point about blacks and the history show that these same racist have contributed absolutely nothing to this country.  but hate, lies and theft.WSK, I would like to see you and your ilk endure anywhere near 9 generations of enslavement.  and see how you would fare.  because your history shows that you are cowards and will resort to suicides, mass killings and the stealing of others property etc.  oh, I forgot your ilk is resorting to that premise, right now.

The only reason blacks are there is cause the Portuguese needed to populate the land to push back the Spaniards... the Tordesillas Treaty to divide the new World in 1/2 by the Pope made it necessary to bring black criminal slaves from Angola, Mozambique, and Cape Verde.... among others

Ultimately...every color strives to rule the world. If your country gives in to the other colors...history proves your color/country will lose. Therefore there is only one question....do you want to lose?

Brazil has recently adopted affirmative action.  The governmental universities, which are free and which for this reason have a competitive admission, must have a quota of minorities.  Moreover, in recent years with the rise of the popular party PT, people from underprivileged backgrounds have attained higher positions.  Last year a black man was appointed president of supreme court.  Unfortunately, it will take a number of years for the disparities to be fixed.

An 1890 article by one of Stanley's pioneer officers which proves that blacks were not stolen from Africa but were rescued. This article was originally published in "The Century Magazine" April, 1890.SLAVE TRADE IN THE CONGO - PART ONEThe heart of Africa is being rapidly depopulated in consequence of the enormous death-roll caused by the barbarous slave-trade. It is not merely the bondage which slavery implies that should appeal to the sympathies of the civilized world; it is the bloodshed, cruelty, and misery which it involves.

I am black and lament the state of my race , wherever they are located in any part of the world; but I , also, believe what the Bible says with all my heart. I am not, therefore, surprised about the lot of the Black race. Neither do I believe it is going to change until the Lord returns and recreates the earth, wherein will be righteousness, peace, love, justice, equality in the true sense for all eternity. That is my hope, and I can't wait for it to be fulfilled. Black people everywhere, hang on just a little while. It will soon be all over.

This article is long overdue.  all Latino countries say this.  it's not true; just watch Telemundo.I thought the majority were native Indian?

I guess I didn't really see the lessons that American can learn from Brazil, except to continue Affirmative Action that we created 20 or more years ago?

A shot of reality!Will never be any equality.

Sadly Native Brazilians are becoming extinct.

I do not hate all White people, but I can not tolerate White people who want to restrict my people equal rights and want a unfair advantage over any race to compete for happiness and the right to build wealth. To live as equals not as second class citizens. This site and other sites just shows how divided, and deeply troubled, weak and spoiled some Ethnic races  and  countries are ,especially the United States!

•1444: Lançarote de Freitas, a tax-collector from the Portuguese town of Lagos, forms a company to trade with Africa.•8 August 1444: de Freitas lands 235 kidnapped and enslaved Africans in Lagos, the first large group of African slaves brought to Europe.

Did they really write black faces in the article? Wow.

Have you noticed that all over the world people of color are denied the basic rights that the creator gave them  by the lighter skinned people??  This color thing is more than just something that mankind initiated. When Jesus comes back a lot of wrong is going to be righted and we will know the truth about so very many things.  I just want to be ready for that earth changing event.

I lived in many differents country, African American are the only ethnic group who overcome and fight without giving up their pride (African American taught me how to be proud of my color and history). Most of the others in other country think they have to go out their way to mix with other race for the next generation to have lighter skin which do not work.

Dear laura, you made my sunday before going off to church! the key word is hypocrisy here in the US! this thing about racism being only in the minds of black people. its simply foolish on behalf of the ever deminishing majority.Click my name for secret yahoo

In Brazil, whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power. Dark-skinned people are at the bottom of the heap, left to clean up after others and take care of their children and the elderly.WE ALL DIED ONE DAY AND WE GO TO THE JUJEMENT OF GOD LIFE IS SHORT STOP RACISME

Its that jungle gene.

i don't care what color you are, i hate you

The United States is still very much full of racist Americans. Hopefully things will get better.

o.k. this story can be written about brazil but we cannot go out and look at the u.s because we have pulled some blacks up in status,in reality poor is the new black,profiling is by the age of your vehicle location of your home and obviosly occupation,how good would you people have it if us new age poor did not do the labor that you are too good too do?what happens when knowing how to do something is more important than being able to sit at a computer,you will be the poor begging,we will be fishing hunting surving with old vehicles that do not have 3 computers telling them how to start run where to go to stop,you have created an idiots paradise where i.q means nothing common sense even less bernie madoff is your role model,contry folk white,black,asian,whatever will survive darwinizim will be reversed

Demographics is changing the political /economical landscape in the US. As it's everywhere pretty much. Within the next decades the white majority within the actual voting block will be erased, consequently the veer to a more diverse system will be the norm.

Wow!!!! A lot of happy and lucky people here.

Why do politicians want to classify people by color? It seams that they want to keep racial tensions for their political power. Today many of the citizens of the USA and Brazil are of mixed racial heritage and therefore are neither Black not white. The color labels are rediculous. If we must note our differences; why not say that a person's ancestors were of European, Asian or African origins?

and look how miss up they areAnd this is different in the U.S.?

Sounds good to us!

True "racial democracy" exist when both gender of any race can love and marry someone of another race without the restrictions both social and legal. Historically in Brazil, the men of European social elites could do that with anyone they choose (generally speaking), while the same is not true for all others of that society. How "democratic" is that?

Only good thing about Brazil is the beaches.

Its the system of Eugenics that was imported into Brazil by Europeans. Abdias do Nascimento wrote and spoke tirelessly about the racial divided in Brazil. Now it is time for Afro-Brazilians to RİSE to the centre, stop jumping naked in carnivals and jump into the senate and places where you can all effect REAL CHANGE!

All people are racist.  It's just a fact - "dark" people are not excluded.  I think humans generally function better when they live in a more homogenous society, amongst their own race/culture.  There is nothing inherently wrong with that.  We should imitate Asian nations like Japan or Korea, where people with the same ancestry live together.  It would be a hell of lot better than the constant bickering and jealously of so-called multiculturalism, where people of European descent are demoralized constantly.

the sexy race are just keep it sexy.

Affirmative action only reinforces discrimination. All it does is legally force employers to look a job applicant's race to meet a quota instead of looking ONLY at their qualifications. If an under-qualified person thinks that they should get a job just because they are a minority or a woman or handicapped, then they are the problem by expecting to be given special treatment in the name of a twisted idea of "equality." Equality should not be given based on race or gender; it should be given based on whether or not the individual has earned it through their actions and behavior.

Brazil disgusts me. I hate that nasty, primitive country, its language, its genes from Spain and Portugal. I don't care if we're talking of whites or blacks, all of Brazil and its mentality is SC&amp;UM.

Moved from Brazil to the U.S. in 1990, I was impressive how many black Americans it so rich, blacks Brazilians maybe 1 in 30.000 is rich. The differences is very clear.Moved from Brazil to the U.S. in 1990, I was impressive how many black Americans it so rich, blacks Brazilians maybe 1 in 30.000 is rich. The differences is very clear.

Dark-skinned people are at the bottom of the heap, left to clean up after others and take care of their children and the elderly.........LOL......  Better start bleaching da skin

Also one of the Highest number od HIV cases in the world also...

whitey aint #$%$

All that interracial marrying has produced some beautiful women. A colleague and I were down there doing some transportation planning work for our firm, and everywhere we went in Sao Paulo there were nothing but gorgeous looking women with some of the best curves ever. For those dudes that haven't been to Brazil, go!

*”She said upper middle-class black people like her are in a kind of limbo, too affluent and educated to live in favelas but still largely excluded from high-rent white neighborhoods.”*Seems the feeling superior is also a problem. I have gained more wealth than I ever imagined I would. I live in the same white trash neighborhood my family came from. I also married a white trash girl. (Great Woman)At least that seems to be the way many would view my life, this lady above included. When you become too good for those lower neighborhoods, then I guess one would belong on the hill with the other snobs.  (Not all on the hill are snobs either)Remember where you come from and lift them up to where you are going. It isn’t about where you live. It is about how you live. Along with the example you set, by actions and words.

In Soviet Brazil, butt lifts you!

Yes as a brazilian I will agree w/ some points,but let's see thing in other way: 1- The lady on thearticle probably does not know or don't want say (because of her agenda) that most rich athletes in Brazil are black or mixed race ( Pele/ Romario etc...) 2: The senator that gave divorce to the brazilians was a black man. 3: The network that is the biggest in the country and maybe the biggest from Mexico till the end of S. America and gives her a "good" job was started by a "coloured man"and still owned by his family-- The increased " minorities" numbers in schools is due to many students trying to find a "black" connection in order to get in the Universities by using the quotas. She says that they can't live in favelas, but cannot live in high rent places is a big B.S.  I have a friend in Brazil that lives in the most expensive street in Brazil and he's not white by any stratch of imagination!

Having lived in Brazil, Brazil is a test case in how racism is alive and well across the world because although Brazilians don't view racism through the same prism as Americans where you have large swaths of whites and blacks who don't ever interact outside of work or other necessary interactions, in Brazil they just ensure that the blacks remain impoverished while preaching equality and color blindness.  This sermon is false though because of the fact that tens of millions of Blacks live in extreme poverty with no social upward mobility.

So let me guess...it is the white peolpes fought the others are earning less. If that is what anyone thinks than go ask a poor white person and see if they blame the blacks or whites for them being poor.Content of Character, not color of ones skin. Is how I judge man.

It is this way in the USA, in Europe, in the Carribean, in South Africa, In Australia... in the Western world you are left behind if you are of any other race than white. Obama is an exception, put in place to make people think that America is fair... only an illusion.

In God eyes he see no Color!

These same Yahoo commentors are your neighbors, "friends", teachers, doctors, etc. It's really scary when you think about it.

Christopher Columbus was one of the first slave traders.  Spain was broke after finally kicking the Moors out of their country.  The Queen of Spain hired Columbus to sail to the Americas and capture the Blacks because Spain had been under the rule of the Moors(Blacks) for nearly 700 years.  It was Africans who brought Europe out of the "Dark Ages."  Spain's disgust for the way the Muslim Moors had treated them was the reason for the hatred and slavery of Blacks.

I just came from a WHITE POWER meeting and race mixing was at the top of the conversation.People should stay with their own race,if you white,black,asian,or whatever.BUT thanks to the jew leftist liberal media everyone is committing racial genocide.

and tell me again what great comes out of brazil....medicine? space exploration? education? military? art and science??????...anything, please...anything???

This is undisputed fact that whites have inremovable ingrained racism in their genes, name it from South Africa, Australia, Europe, United States, to Brazil whites continue to enjoy gains from racism. These people have no shame, and vehemently become defensive when called out on it. Unfortunately racism have no cure.

is it a coincidence that now that America is more diverse, we're turning to a third world country and our money's not worth jack? No.

White at the top, dark at the bottom. Where have I heard this before?..........................Oh yeah, Hitler.I wonder - when the population is 75% black and 25% white will white people have the same social programs, laws, rules and regulations working for them that the black people have working for them today.  I won't be around to see (although when I go shopping I feel the percentage already stacks up that way) but it will happen soon.  Black people, as a rule, (watch Judge Judy) believe they are supposed to have babies.  White people, as a rule, plan for their babies unless it is some woman trying to trap a husband.  Nevertheless, a white baby usually is born into a situation where there is a mother and father whereas black babies more often than not are born into a situation where grandmother raises them with financial aid from the government.  Don't blame me for this.  Check the stats.  What really irks me about the whole slavery issue is that it was blacks who rounded up the slaves and sold them to be transported as slaves.  They didn't know or care where they were going.

Affirmative Action will disappear when white privilege is removed.

Whites are  racists no matter where they are.

I hope centuries from now everyone is mixed race. Then racism will be only a bad memory.

It amazes me how many comments are posted by racist that are proud to let the world know how ignorant they are. If you are so proud of your pitiful views, take off your white hood,and post your real name so that you can be embraced by all of your narrow minded associates that think like you.Life is too short and precious to waste time hating others that probably have no impact on your life. Get out of the trailer park sometimes and interact with others not like you. Maybe you'll learn something.

Portugal imported the majority of Black Slaves from Angola, The Kongo, and Mozambique into Portuguese Brasil Rio de Janeiro is purely black and mixed if you go to places is like Bahia in northern Brasil it has a strong deep African roots that is well intact something that Black Americans in the United States have lost possession of. Blacks in Brasil have no political nor economic powers in their own homeland cause the ethnic whites of the land have monopolised political and socioeconomic privileges for themselves

A lot of #$%$ and Fascists came to Brazil after WWII to escape the allies and court.  Dont you think they may have been a bit racist?

Racial discrimination does exist in Brazil, but it cannot be compared to discrimination and racism in our country (USA)

why is it then ..white europe is on free fall economically...? Is there any single white country that is on the rise?

What whitey does best is white collar crime, create wars, discriminate against everyone else, profit friends munitions business's, lie like Romney and Ryan and committ mass murders of children and people unkown to them. Whitey has some serious issues!What whitey does best is white collar crime, create wars, discriminate against everyone else, profit friends munitions business's, lie like Romney and Ryan and committ mass murders of children and people unkown to them. Whitey has some serious issues!

In an upper class all white neighborhood,  I usually go run 7 miles in that neighborhood on Saturday mornings.  I always see whites bike riding with Asians.  But I never see whites go bike riding with blacks or latinos because they only let Asians into their social groups.

Let's ask the 1000's of dead and wounded troops if they it a good idea to re-elect George Bush and Cheney. They are classic reminders on the higher intelligence of whitey.

The USA is the only country on the american continent that had Jim Crow Laws and Segregation in modern times.  Even though USA has other cultues, americans have racial prejudices towards other cultures.

and the problem here is??  blacks are at the bottom because they are worthless lazy and stupid, they are the cause of 80% of the crime,  on the up side AIDS is taking them to the grave in high numbers and that is a good thing, one can only hope for the day when the world is free from the black #$%$ that walks the earth, death to all blacks and a more horrid death to the coalburnners who mix with them :-)

Ive never been to Brazil,  but that explains why George W Bush brought ten banks while he was in off office,  and probably why we don't see or hear about him he's in south America. . Im not a fan for anyone who is out to hurt other for there own personal greed..maybe minorities need to go and flood there streets and balance the scale..ijs

Racism is akin to a mental disease, a defect of the human mind. The only reason we see color of any kind is because of the photons bouncing off the surface of objects. There is no color only an illusion.

I love Brasil but honestly, most of the people who call themselves white could only do so in Brasil.  If you have the chance to go, it's obvious the majority population has African blood and by American and most European standards, Brasil is a Black/African country. Even the food and culture is west African.  Sorry if some take offense but it's pretty obvious if you go there. Amazing country.

Frank, the indenture slaves were also white. Slaves are white and black even up to date. I wonder if there are archives of white slaves and the list of white criminals sent from Britain to the Americans? If these are available some of will be surprised of our background perhaps it will make some of us humble and be less judgemental of others.

Who Cares, white people face racism on a daily basis!!!Semites will never rest until there is no white-majority nation in the world.

The quests for legitimate wealth has nothing to do with ethnicity but more on hard work ,persistence  and knowhow. This is true whether you are in Brazil or in the USA.

who's hated the british more than anyone else throughout history the french, and most recently the germans hated them both the most (for how they try to hold their people down, wwi)...and who was the U.S calling the evil empire, nope the russians, who are dead white

@2k77 And what do most of those "darker" countries have in common? People of the lighter hue claiming the country as their, forcing people into slavery because they were too lazy to do some damned work themselves...just leave us darkies alone lol....stated from someone of mixed origins!

Natural selection is where White Women choose Black men!Thanks Darwin! LOL

we cant seem to leave sh**it alone can we? its none of our business what Brazil does and how they do it, is this because Brazil is becoming the power broker for oil now? some day, some time these fat useless lying senators are going to start a war that no one is going to come to and we are going to get our ears slapped back and the not so great us of a is going to stop being the bully of the world, the only scary part to that is that who ever does it will beat the us down so bad that we will never get back up and that will be their whole purpose for doing it. people need to know, we are not in the eyes of the rest of the world what the country wants us to believe that we are.

I think it"s Great people are mixing,but the bible say's DONT MIX WITH THE OTHER NATIONS....

And what ever Brazil is doing, they have some amazing looking women

Dear citizens of the world,we are all one people under one big roof. Created by the one same creator. Love and respect each other and we will see peace upon this universe, created by our creator.  1 g-d 1 aim 1 destiny for all.  respect. 1 love.   may brasil and all the citizens be blessed with a year of good and happy things. Amen.

blacks will make considerable progress through sports. just wait and see. for the record i am whiteI think that is the problem in the world. The weaker race in this case white is running the world to ruins. If blacks were included in the policy making process I think we will have a better world.

Hitler and the Repubs and the RRs are VERY concerned about that exact point. For them, it's their British heritage versus EVERYONE else.

whats the point of this article???

Race is a man-made concept.  There is only "1" race on this earth, "The Human Race."  Ninety(90%) of the worlds population are people of color since history tells us that it all began in Africa.  America history teaches slavery in reverse.  When slavery became "big business" people of color we hunted down in the Americas and shipped to Spain.  Spain in turn sold slaves to Africa.  Africa became involved in slave trading when it's economy began to fail because gold, diamonds, and other resources found in Africa were now being discovered in the Americas.  Africans were living all over the Americas, including the United States long before Europeans knew how to navigate the Oceans.

Social programs contribute to this "racism" problem, and Brazil has tried socialism to redistribute wealth (i.e., take money from the workers and give it to the non-workers), but nothing can fix a lazy, entitled mentality.  Do you seriously think a driven, intelligent black can't rise to the top if he or she wants to?

"Racism of Exclusion"       What makes you think that only happens in South America?  I live in North America!

American white racism in full display over at the My Comments section.Seriously, these types of loser whites should go back "home" to Europe where their ancestors originally came from.

They just need to grow up and get a life them day are over with!!!!!!!

The native americans in the USA were thrown  into a reservation and not allowed to assimilate with white people  While Asian immigrants are allowed to interact with white people.   Notice how many Asians employees there are in companies in the USA and not one native american who are confined into a reservation?

When I was in Middle School and High School in the USA I had latino, asian and african-american friends,  the white kids in the All White Brady Bunch Neighborhood would let my asians friends into their social groups, but wouldn't let my latino and african-american friends into their social groups.This is the same old blame game I have heard most of my life, I do not follow, do, pay attention to anything white people say or do, I just don’t prays them, ask nothing from them for anything.  Black people need to stay, work and depend on themselves.  Like start their own business, not sit around waiting for someone to give a job in which can be taken away at anytime.  Whatever you do on any job you have been trained to do and have worked, go into business for yourself.

Only white females who are genetically inferior and #$%$ sleep with apefricans. It is all a result of their moms guzzling cold drinks, booze and pills while pregnant.

A "Racism of Exclusion" Sad. Sad. Sad. In the USA and in many parts of the world such a label can and does apply in this 21st century. Integration by law, but; segregation by choice in socialization practices, and mind-set, continues to perpetuate "racism" throughout the world. Wouldn't It Truly Be An Upset, and A Mind-bogginling Experiences To Racist Bigots If Jesus Christ Was Dark-Skinned, And Not White-Skinned?????????

Blacks should always be at the bottom....That is all they are good for...Picking up trash.They pick up what they are.

Nonsense.

The constant race baiting by the media is going to open a can of worms that they are not prepared for. What will you all do if there is a race war? What nationality don't have hatred towards the white race. What group of people have you not robbed of their history and try and make it your own. Since every other race is so terrible than go back to your own lands and live there. Oh wait you can't because they are all polluted and filled with disease. The same diseases you brought to every group of people you encountered. There is a disease on this planet. And it's called the Euro human beings. It's the only race that is rejected by the earth. The only race that must depend on some chemical to even be out in the sun. Like your father the devil you can't stay in the light. But soon, VERY SOON your reign will end. For it is written that you shall be cast into the sea to never rise again. How much better of a world would this be minus white people? No #$%$, no american politicians, no slavery, no foreign names for our lands, no pollution, no weapons of mass destruction, no pedophiles, serial killers cut by 3/4, rapist cut by 3/4, greed would slowly die away, no debt system, no viruses, no sexually transmitted diseases as many came from the euro and their immoral sexuality. And to all you so called white people, the real name for your kind is lepers. Open your bible to the old testament and read how the WORD describes a leper. One who's skin has lighten and can not be in the sun. Cain was giving a mark so no man shall harm him. What's the one race on this earth that if there is a tragedy the whole (euro)world will cry fowl over? White. So yeah, go ahead pump hate all you want. Bottom line you're out numbered and EVERY RACE has something against you.  TICK TOCK TICK TOCK

Imagine we all became light-skined blacks how sad that it is.

democracy is overrated even if the whites are outnumbered they're still the ones with all the money and land.  it's the same thing here in the US even if latinos outnumber the whites they're still poor and landless which means numbers are irrelavent, just goes to show how niave the people can be when it comes to politics

This is sort of like in Mexico with the more Spanish/French whites being at the top of the social structure when it comes to their TV/Movie/Music stars, While the more dark skinned aztec/maya mexicans are of a lower class.

No matter my accomplishments, people always view me as an old monkey.Its funny how Brazil can be such a racest country, yet so much of their culture comes from their african roots (ie,  the samba, the food, the music, even carnival)... If they love those aspects of their culture, then why don't they love blacks??This reminds me of the book "Everybody wants to be black, BUT nobody wants to be black".

America  and Brazil will forever be known as "slaveland"

Just for once; we as Americans should mind our own business. What happens in Brazil should stay in Brazil. Ditto every other place on earth. Ya think we might have learned that after 237 years of foreign intrigue and the price we've paid for it.

insted of promoting social enginering, why you dont advance the notion, merit and hard work is the key to advance in society.

A casual search of the internet of news articles on racism in Brazil will yield you a treasure trove of stories that were run in the Wall Street Journal, New York Times, Associated Press, Reuters, Bloomberg and other media on the extent of segregation and discrimination against Blacks and Indians in "modern day" Brazil.The Portuguese who colonised Brazil were  Europeans after all and therefore, like the Spaniards and English and Dutch and French who came to the Americas, they operated their colonies based on racist ideas of European superiority and laziness: 1) Blacks and Indians are not allowed to compete with the Europeans (who are superior in every way!) in any sphere of human endeavour; 2) Blacks and Indians are never to be treated with dignity or basic human equality lest they come to believe that they are equal to Europeans; 3) Blacks and Indians exist only to serve the physical labor needs of the the lazy Europeans and thus must be enslaved and denied all social freedoms; 4) Blacks and Indians must not be allowed    access to education and literacy as they will be too competitive with whites if they do.White elites through out Latin America continue to hide  behind the veil of "social stratification" when confronted about the existence of racism in their countries. Many such racist sentiments can be found in the comments to this story. They claim that Blacks and Indians and persons mixed in between are not discriminated against because of their race, skin colour, or ethnic background, but rather are simply poor because of their own bad luck, lack of education, or poor work ethic. Nothing can be father from the truth.The white elites in Brazil and through other parts of Latin America continue to perpetrate the legacy of colonialization and slavery in the region by practicing active deliberate discrimination against blacks, Amerindians, and persons of mixed black/Amerindian heritage. Apparently our skin tone is just too much for them to handle.But God is good, (Demographics swinging in favour of the persons of colour all over the Amercias!) and today the ancestors of the millions of slaves stolen from Africa and kidnapped to the Americas, and the ancestors of the Millions of Amerindians who survived the worst genocide in human history, are united in our determination to continue our struggle for equality, and the economic liberty taken from our ancestors 500 years ago. Nothing, will stop us from fully competing with whites for all of the benefits - both social and economic- of the societies that we live in....NOTHING! So get used to seeing more articles like this one exposing the racism that still exist in many places.

Can Americans be this ignorant?  Enslavement of Africans in America included not only what is now the U.S. but most of South America and the Carribean colonized by Europe.  Since there is only one human race, slavery of first poor whites, then native Americans, then Africans, was an economic practice to advance the interests of property owners and capitalism, a European-based economic ideology which exploits labor.  You remember this, right?  Spain and Portugal were the initial colonizers of South America bringing their language and culture that was superimposed on the native "Indian" populations.  Captured and enslaved Africans were added to the mix under a system of forced unpaid labor.  For all of this to work as long as it did, slavery was violently enforced and codified in law/practice and, most importantly, justified by a ferocious false theory of racism that dehumanized peoples of color and justified their subjugation based on skin shade and hair texture.  You remember studying this in school, right?  You remember that this lasted from about the 1600s to 1865 in the U.S., although legal segregation, racial terrorism (Ku Klux Klan, etc) and fierce discrimination were acceptable U.S. practices until 1965.So nobody is trying to 'drag down' whites, any more than centuries of violent and vicious racist practices endemic to colonization, segregation and discrimination of non-whites have dragged down any pretense of Christian values and morality whites who continue to believe this can hold on to.  What is being dragged down is racism and the unsustainable practice keeping others from steering their own destinies and enjoying life to the fullest on a planet that belongs to us all.  People who benefit disproportionately from a system that creates, maintains, and thrives on racism and poverty, cannot be heard to just blame the victims. This makes it stupid in 2013 to worry about what color Brazilians or any other Americans unless you are worried about preserving your status and benefits of the current system,which all these poor and colored people are threatening to take.   Do you really think this can and should last?

The facts must be set.Imported u are talking about the black people stolen by force from their own land shipped likeGoods to America forced to be slaved by whites while they were free men &amp; women in their home country.U need to educate yourself there are no salves in the world but thief’s crimemial &amp;Killers how worked to salve free human beings and shipped them abroad.Set you facts straight.

"In Brazil, whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power. Dark-skinned people are at the bottom of the heap, left to clean up after others and take care of their children and the elderly."Sounds a lot like America.

They advanced very fast and they are educated in a short period after post democracy era of 60-70 years. That is a leaping step in the age of human existence.

""Nearly all TV news anchors in Brazil are white, as are the vast majority of doctors, dentists, fashion models and lawyers"...why would anyone include ""fashion models" in the same thought as "doctors, dentists...lawyers"...?? That's like including garbage in the same breath as gold, silver, and diamonds."In Brazil, whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power."   Source?  Nice stereotype.  It's funny how here in the U.S. the Latin Americans, light skin or brown are not considered white but in Brazil if they're not black, they're white.

Why is it that in the U.S. if you are an athlete rich and famous you marry a white woman, have children  and discriminate your own?

Honestly, I think the media should be blamed for racism the most, not all of it by, they hype it up too much and are always looking for some story to make racism worse.

"Turn on the tv, open a newspaper" THIS WRITER sounds like its talking about AMERIKKKA. Sounds like it at least..

This is totally BS !!! I am Brazilian and I am not white. Brazil give us (all) opportunity , some take it, some not. This girl Nubia de Lima it is a perfect example. If she works as a producer at Globo Televison that tells me she did not suffer racism, otherwise she will not be there. In Brazil it is illegal to ask in any school / employment form  your race. I know we as a country have a lot to learn, but please don't let a view of one person to speaks for all.

"At our nation’s capital, as they do everywhere else in the country, they still continue to furnish nine-tenths of the petty and major crimes on the court calendars; as an element they are more dangerous than ever in the matter of assaulting the female sex among the whites; their notions of national and municipal politics are just as rotten and debased as they always have been; they are just as much given to every species of mendacity as they were then; and they still pose as a race object-lesson before our growing generation, in all that is most lewd, most degrading, most objectionable, most ignorant and superstitious of the bestial side of the character of the genus H. There is no uncharitable intent in me when I judge them as I do as a whole, for the neqro, the pure neqro in this country, is no more responsible for his organization and character than any other animal is."Schufeldt, 1907

It's a shame, in the day and age of technology! Who can tell me where the caucasion race begin? It's in the Bible!

as i say always no matter what country blacks live in they are always segregated and looked down upon because of their skin color and not their character, people automatically assume we are servents

White versus Black versus Hispanic versus Asian versus whatever.....If it's not one thing, it is another - religion comes to mind. When are we going to start looking beyond the color of our skins and get along to make the world a more tolerable place to live in? People around the world have the same basic aspirations, so why not focus on our similarities which far outnumber our differences. Prejudice in any form is the most basic form of ignorance and apparently what drives a lot of human thinking and action.

Its really too bad that 100s/1000s of years ago, Blacks didn't stay put in Africa.  They would have a whole continent for themselves.  We wouldn't have to deal with them and they wouldn't have to deal with us.  Their being forcibly removed was probably the single greatest mistake man has made.as we have learned genetically, white people are a sub-speices of the orignal blacks.  i was startled for i always thought the Irish were the "originals!"

I have suffered and seen other suffer social discrimination in the USA. Meaning white americans don't allow us and blacks into their social groups.  So don't you white americans go pretending to be a "goody good white american"

Gee, didn't Bush do this to Brazil? You mean that Brazil has some racist people too, not just the USA - this will be news to the US liberals who think every white man in america is a racist, decendents of slave owners...

"People aren't used to seeing black people in positions of power," she said. "It doesn't exist. They see you are black and naturally assume that you live in a favela (hillside slum) and you work as a housekeeper."Just like GOP.

These Yahoo boards are dominated by white people who Are in denial about how this system is set up to benifit them, and over privilage them.  They abuser cant see how 500 years of slavery can set generations of people back. They will tell u work hard, stop complaining &amp; you will make it.  They know nothing of jim crow, or willie lynch  Its ok for the jews to get wealth redistribution, but not black americans. Its ok for coporations to get grants &amp; waste govt funds with coruptions, but as soon as a black person gets a grant to buy food &amp; get ahead...Its called welfare &amp; looked down upon.    White people need to Google Tim Cook. (white man that speaks the truth

All i can say. You are a bunch of uneducated reputards.

If whites were so superior you wouldn't have that HELL hole called eastern europe.  They have devastating violence against women, homeless children, most are drunks, the land of sex trafficking and they're all dirt poor.  They are corrupt nations stuck in their 4th world cycle and too stupid to figure out how to solve their problems.  Just look at Bulgaria - they are protesting by setting themselves on fire.  Not very bright.

Racism, the curse of mankind, has always existed and always will. Hatred will only diminish when we interact on an equal basis and confront those that like to stoke our fears of those that aren't exactly like us. Show respect, civility and kindness to others and you'll get the same. However, always be mindful of those drivin insane by hatred.

I am sad for all of you who are depriving yourselves the richness of other cultures. We all laugh, cry, dream, love, etc. This spans across all humanity, yet there continues to be real hatred. How very odd.

...same in Mexico, and provably everywhere in the world.   While it is truth that some white people may be working harder than others to achieve, also it is definitely truth that white society also tends to undermine access for others...The censes in America has always been controled by Whites and IMO true so called N---o minority census populance percentage manipulated as though they were about 15%. The election of moolatoe president, Man ov Lawlessness; Anti Christ; Race Card player proves N----o are in majority. Article confirming my long held social observation, appeared in the Las Vegas Review Journal, May 21. 2012, page 10A, titled: 1940 census undercounted blacks in U.S. record show. In my employment experience have recognized that when a N---o is in control of hiring they favor their own predominately. In Vegas, predominate wretched homeless (95%) white.

Hmm once again whites are being demonized for being industrious, prosperous and successful all over the globe the same pattern...can't avoid the obvious ..tells you something doesn't it

you would think by now, people with common sense would let go of the racial nonsense. With plenty of people of every race in professioins such as doctors ,lawyers, civil service, politicians, and etc that it would already be enough evidence that people are created equal.

"But you need only turn on the TV, open the newspaper or stroll down the street to see clear evidence of segregation.In Brazil, whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power. Dark-skinned people are at the bottom of the heap, left to clean up after others and take care of their children and the elderly".What does the success of the white people have to do with "segregation"? The fact is whites are superior, always have been and always will be.

Latino countries embraced "IMMIGRANTS" from white countries to business owners, politicians, and such.  But white people in the USA won't embrace us into their social groups,.

WHITE PEOPLE RUIN EVERYTHING

People of different races should not produce children.  It dilutes both of the races.

this story is racesest

When I think of Brazilian, I think of those attractive darker people that sells the culture of the land to the world. Whites just does not come to mind unless it's Europe or something .

heres a thought for all u racist fux.....  let me break down the long term effects of the short term legacy of slavery.... if u wanna call 2 hundred years short? 1st off... the slaves were freed... into the american wilderness.... after being beaten for reading.... banned from school,  and separated from their loved ones. all u people here speaking like slavery is a thing of the distant past are ignorant fux. i just recently did my family ancestry... and my grandmother is the 2nd person of my family tree to not be born into slavery her mother was born during the end of slavery... and lived to c the slaves set free. my grandmother just passed away on 1-2-13. (just to give u a little bit of history) now back to my point. after being forbid to learn anything of substance besides taking care of their white owners farms, children, and homes for generations and decades....  they were set free, promised 40 acres and a mule... and a fair shot @ the so-called american dream. now here lies the problem. set free into a land where whites already owned all the land, crops, schools, wrote the laws (counterproductive to african american growth and education) printed the money, and supplied the only forms of employment on the whole continent? so that makes u free to be an uneducated paid servant... @ minimum wage? even though my grandmother was born free... there was nothing free about what she had to go through. u ask what jobs or education were offered to her? taking care of white peoples children....or servant @ a hotel. while her kids grew up @ home without her presence. obviously if she took care of somebody elses children from 8-8, so her kids could eat.... she wouldnt have time or money to get educated herself? the civil rights acts was just put in place 5 years before my birth? that's right, people were still actively trying to stop blacks from getting quality educations as recently as 45 years ago. thats during MY mothers CHILDHOOD, adolescence, and even during my early childhood years till the laws were accurately implemented. u could still make the argument to this day... that blacks don't receive the same education equivalent to their euro american counterparts. my mother was the 1st to finish school, have a descent respectable career etc. nobody complains when american troops, military brass, (including my grandfather and father) went to war for euro jews and gave them a land of their own, to govern themselves. nobody calls it handouts when we send them billions and billions of dollars in financial aid? (annuallly) but, god forbid helping out your brown/black neighbors? fellow americans?  who live in your community, and share a common interest in us all being successful. smh U.S. spells US.. CANT DO IT WITHOUT US... this country is built off the blood, sweat and tears of my ancestors black, white and native americans and we should be respected as such.White people are the devil, no matter what country their from.. they're the worst of the worst!!! this world cant take the racist and hatred of white no more, ITS TIME TORISE UP!!

Once a BLACK always a BLACK...they should never ever freed them...Amen

as Raymond replied I am impressed that a mom able to make $6355 in a few weeks on the internet. did you read this web page buzz45.comONLY

Not a far cry from America.  Indians are seen better than Blacks. After watching Slum Dog Millionaire they are much nastier. Stop following white version of beauty.  Whites are having lip plumping, tanning and butt implants.

Racial mixing is disgusting and an abomination.

Remember, some of Americas founding Presidents were freaky little White men, like George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, who fathered children from the African American slaves they owned! These White men could not get enough satisfaction from there White wives so they rapped my Black African women and fathered many children! I never understood why so many European/White people say they hate Black people, but will sleep with us, steal and imitate our culture, music, cooking, and to this day, live among Black people,pay Black people to take care of there nasty uncontrollable offspring,(LIKE IN THE MOVIE THE HELP), Rewrite history books to denie our true contribution to history. Even the Romans got so jealous of the Egyptians knowledge that they burned all there books in rage and fear!! HOW PATHETIC!!

See? Even Brazilian whites hate Brazilian n'gers. Phvck all the n'gers.

Blacks want to eliminate the white race but they are too lazy to work, are abusive, smell like feces and are just simply VULGAR. FYI no working white people = no welfare benefits for the worthless, useless, apefrican race. If it wasn't for the "white man" all the apefricans would have to eat each other to survive.

LOL!

What a sad world we live in. When for GOD's sake will there be equality in this world. It is just not right that one race is taken to be superior to the other. We all are made in the image and likeness of GOD. We all have red blood flowing through our veins, we are all humans so WE ARE ALL EQUAL and should be treated equally in every aspect of life.The weak dominate by suppressing those they fear [many times through the use of violence]  and in turn proclaim superiority based on exclusionary social policies!

Brazil, a Europeon terrorist colony-just like the good ole USA.

This is why we have BET and other ethnic organizations. Dont beg them, create your own!

"In this country, the highest civilization, the cleanest and soundest white people flourish where the neqro is not, or exists in comparatively few numbers."Schufeldt, 1907

Brazil has the hottest Transsexuals in the world.

Still much better racially than the U.S.

Had this reporter seen the demographics of the USA and the recism in place? Just the same!

Idiots, those whom believe its something in the music or core thinking process prove just how much racism STILL exsist out there. Perhaps we, those of us cursed with additional pigment should wonder out loud if its "music or education" that drives pedophiles into being...priests. Nuff said.

"whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power. Dark-skinned people are at the bottom of the heap, left to clean up after others and take care of their children and the elderly." &lt;====THIS STATEMENT PERFECTLY DESCRIBES THE U.S.

Brazil is a disgrace to the world. They are preventing people of color from becoming successful economically...It is a shame!!@Lawrence.Either you are extremely naive,.....or extremely removed from the effects of reality in regard to your statement about the U.S.  "Fencejumper" has the right idea.

USA has the worst Social Discrimination.  Mostly caused by white americans that dictate who gets to interact with who and who they allow into their white social groups.

Why are the eastern europeans so slow and dumb.  And why do whites lead in suicide worldwide if you're so brilliant and smart?  Hmmmmm.

"In Brazil, whites are at the top of the social pyramid, dominating professions of wealth, prestige and power."Is AmeriKKKa any better?Most Gringos in AmeriKKKa keep all the underclass dark skin people in ghettos and slums.

This goes for every country... The lighter version always wins.

"Those numbers probably will continue to rise because of a new law that reserves half the spots in federal universities for high school graduates of public schools and distributes them according to states' racial makeup."  Affirmative action is little more than institutionalized racism supported by the government.  I guess it all depends on whether you're assisted by it, or hindered by it.

I posted this as a reply to one post, but I think it also sums up the whole ordeal here. Brazil is not poor because of race mixing. Brazil is poor because its indigenous people (who are not even mentioned in this article and whose blood flows in some of the "whites" of Brazil) had their lands taken to usher in a state of colonialism. The white ruling class, comprised mainly of the Portuguese and then other Europeans who came to Brazil, has kept its hold on power and horrid conditions of land and wealth distribution for centuries. It has also sold the wealth of Brazil (because indeed, in natural resources, Brazil is wealthier than the US) to imperial powers around the world (the US included) at prices that eniched the powers that be and left the rest of the populace unable to purchase much of what their very hands cultivated or produced with labor. It is an old story. Its scale just varies from place to place wherever there has been human slavery and colonialism.As far as "a color blind society," that is rubbish. That is not the goal of anyone who cherishes the beauty of our human diversity. The goal is to embrace and appreciate our differences.

john plenty of ugly whites, browns, reds, yellows, etc, but no matter who looks ugly, actions always speak louder than words

The 1970 AMC Gremlin, $2995.00. Test drive today!

Why do blacks always want to move into a white neighborhood..?whoever wr ote this article, should have done a better homework blah,blah,blah this is look like was wrote by an ignorante blah,blah,blah

brazil  sucks anyway arrogant thieves and liars

Its sad and,makes no sense I wish someone would ask me,if I was,a maid I plan on visiting Brazil in may... This makes me feel like a problem will occur if I get asked that ignorant question or if I get a simpleminded stranger make a,racist comment I would probably NOT be able to "keep my cool"_pure ignorance

Its funny because alot of the people they call white in brazil are considered latino in the united states. That begs the question what is white and how do you define it. It is a pure bred northern blond hair blue eye scandanavian or a portogese who is latino.

probably some republicans whites, or spanish, that imported all the black slaves.....because they could not find white cheap labor, to give them a competative advantage, so they went somewhere else and brought in cheap labor from someplace else.  u think they would bring in blacks, chineses, if their labor cost was more???? ( how do u think the irish, the germans, the italiens, got into the u.s.a.,,,factory owners, etc, were looking for cheap labor)  if those republicans, had the same transportation, electronics, that we have today, they would be "outsourcing" most of those jobs.  but some jobs u cannot outsource so u have to bring the cheap labor to you.  then, the republicans sold u on the idea, that u get cheaper products in return for the m#$%$es.  you said: hey, that's good.  but it comes back to bit u in the #$%$.  (sounds familar?)  back then, the govenment, or the rich, did not have a social conscious, so the "slaves" survived as best as they could.  then, sex is sex. many men with no woman, so they go to the woman who need the money. u get racial mixed kids.  the brazil "republicans" did this, (bringing over all the slaves)....and they made their quick profits and now live in their mansions, and the after mess, is left up to others to deal w/ and clean up, and pay for...........while they sit in their mansins......so, in the long run, the "republicans" because of their greed for bigger profits, have made the majority, into the minority, and vice versa.  sounds familar?

Fact: Whites are a superior race.You simpletons may not like the aforementioned statement, but it is an objective fact!

something would never change ..

Europeans left Europe with the intentions of  conquering. these tactics included but was not limited to a total rewrite of history and introducing chaos and division amongst other populations of  people. in every country our militant ancestors invaded the descendants of the indigenous peoples and the slaves are in total chaos while the descendants of the conquerors control the wealth and education are we so ignorant and racially biased not to think that wasnt by design?  plato and many other founders of so called western civilization were educated and learned in Africa. Which is backed by there own journals other evidence western civilization is eastern even in china they acknowledge this and have well documented because of there continuous contact and trade with Africa. when Europe was nothing more than caves and tribes Africa had empires math science sewage systems etc. all you have to do is read and stop blindly following propaganda if we claimed to be an enlightened god fearing people.

well nubia  we had that problem for 400yrs  and still have it here  , just more  subtle but still hers

The author takes a leap in suggesting that the station of people is determined by their color.  Let's not have the Brazilians fix whatever social ills they have in the dysfunctional way we approached similiar issues in America.  If Brazil follows in our footsteps, expect political correctness to bring distortions and wreck havoc on the political process in Brazil just as it did and continues to do in America.See no need to worry. The cycle of time will solve your demise. Didn't you know we aren't the only ones in the universe? I have met the program's inventor. I know who is in charge.

Arabs brough slavery in africa. then africans themselves started slavery among themselves. then the europeans came. that was when slavely took a large scale with boats full of slaves to america. sad story of mankind

Dr. Wm. Lee Howard has well said in an article he has published on the subject, entitled “The Neqro as a Distinct Ethnic Factor in Civilization” (Medicine, June, 1903): “The attitude of complacent moralists, the preaching of far distant ascetics, and the Sunday-school advice of the New England maiden who would take the African to her bosom, would be amusing were it not for the serious conditions underlying the misunderstood facts."-- Schufeldt, 1907

Dougales, I am a recently retired 1SG, "black." I highly recommend that you sit in on or perhaps attend an EOR course. Great discussions there on your very topic. Yahoo is not the place, I think that we are discussing Brazil here. There is discrimination in the military. Open your eyes and pay attention. I have "dusted" or should I say disciplined many "black" Soldiers for doing that what you call "white boy" thing. I did not tolerate any of that nonsence in my company, and Ipushed it farther throught through out the brigade. The military has "systems" in place to combat a varity of situation and things, fora lack of a better term. The true problem is, People in the miltary need to have the "guts" to enforce the systems. Everyone is afraid topush the issue. For example, you are on yahoo complaining about Army issues, rather than taking action and create an NCODP/ OPD to combat the situation. Stand up man and be a leader. Everyone is afraid. Please talk to your local EOA.

Come on, let's evolve the conversation. What do I mean? So ya, whites are less racist, but nobody cares, because that wasn't the point anyway! Look, academia, the media, politics, and    pop culture is dominated by liberal Jews who hate straight white Christians, and they taught the minorities, the feminists, and the #$%$sexuals, AROUND THE WORLD (including Brazil), everything they know! Look how they still use the holocaust card. How easy is it to keep us obedient little white kid-o's in our place? As easy as EDUCATING (brain-washing- most believe whatever they read in a textbook is the gospel truth) us and then labeling us: anti-Semitic, #$%$-phobic, racist, bigoted, misogynistic, ALL IF WE DARE TO TELL THE TRUTH! Meanwhile they go right on putting the screws to us, figuratively and, with all of the women who went out on their husbands ever since 2008 til now, that would be LITERALLY. For the MANY useful idiots who helped re-elect Ho-Bummer, get it right it's: Once you go that, we don't want you back. I wasn't always so jaded, but you liberals, feminists, angry minorities (btw, you haven't seen anger yet, just keep taking advantage), and hetero-haters showed me the way. I just connected the dots, did the math, and realized how ya'll are the dog trying to take a leak and I'm not going to let you use me for a tree. Don't try to urinate down my back and then tell me it's raining.

I have MORE important things to concern myself with like:  paying bills, providing food for my family, etc.

Anderson Silva is brazilian, and black. And he is the baddest man on the planet!

soooo when whites rise to the top through merit and hard word its called racist?  Rhetorical question, the writer is a white bashing jew or shabaz goy

@hatchetface if you are denied entry to a university based on your race (which can happen in brazil) you won't gain the experience to be a brain surgeon. So the implied idea in the article is that blacks are in some cases kept from the opportunities that can afford them the opportunity to improve their standing. Don't be so naive as to think that racism doesn't exist.

Videos Show Little Kids Bumping and Grinding at PartyWhere is the line separating the point at which you accept someone’s behavior due to “cultural differences” and the point that you don’t accept it because it just seems too wrong? See these two videos from kids birthday parties (they look about 7 or 8 or so in age) where the dancing just turns into bump-and-grind sessions. Looking a little kids dirty dancing is kind of disturbing – do these kids even know the symbolism inherent in this kind of dancing? Should they be encouraged to do it?Watch the video by clicking the graphic below:Now, it’s easy to understand that kids will imitate the stuff they see on TV. That’s natural. But this video clearly shows adults not only encouraging it, but sometimes actually taking part in it. What the heII?Here’s another video of a similar situation, courtesy of WorldStarHipHop:You may remember the story of Julia Lira, a girl who was picked to samba dance at Carnival in Brazil.The two videos discussed at the top of this post make Julia Lira’s samba dancing look absolutely squeaky clean and conservative.Many people do not realize that white racist European culture has created an environment of racial hostility towards those who do not have white European looking skin in Latin America. The descendants of the Spanish and Portuguese oppressed and discriminated against the African slaves and the indigeneous peoples, such as the Aztecs and Maya. Now, the indigenous and those of African descent are fighting back against white European racism that exists in Latin America.

White people get your neanderthal #$%$ back to the caves of Europe. Civilized people haven't destroyed the planet like y'all, with your backwards progress!

This article is total nonsense! I have travelled to Brazil extensively, and I feel quite comfortable stating that Brazil, when it comes to racial harmony, is one of, if not the best country in the whole world! I have been all over the planet, and I honestly believe that America and Israel, are the two most racist societies on Earth. American society, in particular, reeks of racism!

Wow alot of racists giving their opinion without knowing what they are talking about as usual.its sad that so many are so insecure.your history isnt all that great unless you take someone elses and force yourselves into it and kill anyone who oppose what you say.im so pleased im not you.i know who i am and know my history and its a rich history

I see it coming. I always wonder about life for black people in Brazil and finally the Pandora box is opened. Just imagine USA had elected black president you can feel the treatment he endures from white Republic males who sees him and feels like they don't want to take order or do anything that people elected president to help solve the problem we are facing on this planet.Finally it's all coming out of Brazil just because the World cup will be taken place and they wanted to come clean before it's too late. Shame unto Brazil.

The continent of Asia and Asians throughout the world have the highest GDP, the highest level of wage earners and the highest percentage of people with advanced degrees than any other racial group including whites. In the Grand sceme Asians are the largest racial group in the world. You whites live in this delusion that you are on top and everyone is inferior. Wake up! The East is the next super power! If people are so concerned about whites disapearing, you did it to yourselves. Instead of worrying about "gay marriage" and having bong and frat parties and acting like sex addicts! Get some family values, work hard, get married and have a family! Do as the Asians, why do you think they are so successful?  They haven't lost their core values of hard work, education, family and marriage, unlike these lost, white liberals in the country who don't have a clue!

Hmmm, I think if I was a black Brazilian, I would take offense at this article saying all whites are one top and all blacks are pushing brooms on the bottom. That's a pretty outrageous generalization, and the way it is characterized is without grace.

I am realizing that IGNORANCE has not gone out of style!

I do not want to be white, when the aliens come back, all white people  WATCH OUT.......

Now dark skinned Brazilians can learn the true value of affirmative action in higher education.  They will be taught every way possible to do nothing all their lives, while collecting the most free money possible from their working taxpayers.The so called white man still robbing the Black man of his wealth. If the population is 50 % Black why don't the vote out the 47% minority? It only make sense. They did the same chit in South African. Went there stole all the Diamond, gold, silver and all of Africa's natural resources. It mind boggling what these people will do to make a buck! The white man day are numbered. They just don't know it.

whites are at the top Dark-skinned people clean up after others rightfully so

Whites are on top in Brazil? They are on top everywhere. They are so full of #$%$. Minorities need to come together and put them in their place.

Ok, I think I can explain the reason why so much racism exsit still today! It was very hard for European/White people to give up that much power over another human being or Ethnic race of people.Telling people what to learn, what to wear, how to live, economic and social racial power over people and even, sexual power over people of color. This kind of power is very hard to give up! People of color could not even have a oppinion or choice about anything, not even there own lives, this is why we still have racism today, over the generations White people were taught how things were by there racist grandparents and ancestors, and believe me, some of these White trash  people want this kind of power over my race back! Thinking it will solve some of there sad, pathetic lives and give these White racist a economic boost since Black people can compete with White people/Europeans for jobs and these White people can not terrorize people of color without consiquences or retaliation! Hate, jealousy, predudice and bigotry,still exist today because of these four words and there meaning, and the misery these words cause.

Unfortunately, history repeats itself. It is harder for the person on the downside to work harder and overcome than it is for the person on top to maintain. Lower class peoples should recognize this and adjust accordingly more often! Too bad the way people in society act towards lower-class people is usually like they are beneath them humanistically....That is so sad as we should treat all people with dignity and respect, we are always going to need ditchdiggers, and everyone should be treated as important(as far as human needs go) the same.

Blacks are just a cursed race that no one wants around. Just the way it is.

You should see how much Obama has suffered racial attacks from americans

When social policies result in a descriptive term like "minority majority country" something must be wrong.  By the way I see many posts from minorities that talk of their educations.  I would like to know who paid for your educations.  If you didn't pay for it,  and I am talking about after the high school level, then you really didn't earn it.  Just remember that when you are in that classroom with so many of the white kids that you think are rich while you go to school for nothing those white kid's parents are sweating it out paying not only for their kid but you too.  When you see their parents at graduation you and your parents or probably parent should thank one of those white kid's parents for helping to send you to school.  Believe me the money they came up with took years off their life.  White people dream too!  That is the honest to god truth that no one wants to speak of.  The next time you meet an angry white man remember what you have just read.  The white man has been betrayed.  What a disgrace.

Nubia, you are BEAUTIFUL. Your gorgeous face reminds me of that of  Jessie  Norman the American singer who sang during the celebration of the French 100th revolution.

I am Mexican and it is more easier for me to interact with Brazilians and other countries of latin america.  They treat me like one of them.  The USA has social discrimination problems because in the USA, they classify everything as Inter-Racial.  In our latino countries the word, "inter-racial" doesn't existIf you selected one black and one white boy or girl baby and highly educated both of them in an environment that has limited bias, both of them will excel equally.  You see,  environment and economics plays a big factor. But as were well aware, the whites know that if this happened their wealth maybe compromised since the exploitation will diminish.  The strength of a country is not determined by a color scheme but by the level of evenly distributed education, respect and trust for the overall enhancement quality of life. For a beautifully landscaped country but with the ignorance of the social class structure makes it it a undesirable and selfish land of greed and disrespect. Eventually the wealth of the country will fall due to no fair social infrastructure.  Darker skinned people are not looking for a hand out they're looking for opportunity just like anyone else.  If they can do service jobs they can definitely do managerial or leadership jobs fairly.  Think about it and pray to God if you still question the unfairness.

You don't have to go to Brazil for such experance Turn on you own T.V and it's right here.J A Rogers have long said that, when he publish World's Greatest  Black Man in 1979 .The census of the United State is incorrect giving it's large population of mix-race people whom you all  call African American,back then they were call colored people. The greater part of the New world was and is still territory  of colonialism and in colonial territory.white man is king ,instill by their religious teachings.

you welcome the devil into your land for trinkets and beads and end up on the sword or dead from disease.  Then you fall for their crosses and now they're your bosses.  That is what we get; we were suckers, and suckers never get an even break.   They took us, now we gotta take.Malcolm Z

In Brazil, the so called "whites, and light skinned" people are the elites. But when they immigrate to America, they're mistakened as "light skinned Mexicans" and do jobs that any other person with no skills do, general labor. They get mad!

People! There is no such race as "White" My sheet is white and it certainly does not look like the so-called white man. They have "Pigs" skin. They look like pigs. Honestly they do. Of course there is such as race as African, the original man of civilization. You can produce white from Black, but you cannot get black from white. It's alll mixed up. Now! Who is superior to whom.  African ofcourse.

Everywhere white people go, there is nothing but death, disease, division, and destruciton... maybe they are the spawn of the devil.. just saying..

Natural Beauties with a capital ''B'' Best looking sistas,in the world!

It's because Mexicans and Blacks don't have a chip on their shoulder in South America like they do here in America. My wife, who is from South America can't believe how the Blacks, in particular, behave in America. She told me that in Peru which is where she is from all the Blacks have jobs, they don't flock together in ghettos, they don't create drama and the crime rate of Blacks is very low. The Blacks don't have a sense of entitlement in Peru but in America the Blacks believe they are owed everything. I didn't focus on Mexicans in Peru because their just aren't any. The countries on the southern border of Mexico don't tolerate illegal immigration in their countries so there aren't many issues, good or bad, related to Mexicans in Peru

Brazil suffers so hard because of you stupid cracker honkeys because of your evil lies to separate the latino natives and blacks was a success. Then you white tricks would take pride with your stupid comments here too. I hope ALL you stupid whites just DIE.

Oh #$%$ crying out loud! If a white guy can get a job as a lawyer anybody can. Those mixed raced people need to stop complaining and go out and get what ever they want. Nothing's holding them back except their own laziness. You want job? Go out and get one! Can find one? Start your own business! Even if it's prostitution! Ya gotta start somewhere!You are not white just a light skin black, black is all shades god made man in his image hair like wool feet like brass eyes like fire called him Adam and a rib from him created Eve from them all others came the garden of Eden is in Ethiopia surounded by 4 rivers, science has proven what the bible says the oldest man was found in Ethiopia, they took god and religon out of school because evil want this lie to continue they don't want you to know the truth.

I believe as some in the NRA have suggested, the brothers need to sling some LEAD!!

Whites ridicule EVERY race, not just blacks. For centuries, whites put down every race including hispanics, indians, italians, etc. Whites created the turmoil between the indians &amp; blacks just like any other race. Know your history. I am white and I see thsi all the time.

the country need some schooling, just let them kill each other off with out aid from U.S.

I know the reason Yahoo publishes these articles; but, I wish they wouldn't.  By allowing anti-black racist comments to re-enforce other anti-black racist comments, there occurs a self- enforcing  cycle of racism, racists replies, and "thumbs ups."  Rather than  improving the state of American society Yahoo adds to increased  hostility toward Black Americans. In effect Yahoo "sells African Americans "down the river" for clicks that support advertising dollars.The responses to these articles also inform Black Americans that, despite White public semi-civility, and claims of "color blindness",  t is probable that the vast majority of White Americans are viscously anti-black racists in deep denial about their racism and historical culpability.What is more depressing than to see how visceral and deep anti-black racism is in White Americans,is  the extent to which they will rationalize, lie, quote phony statistics, blame Black people, posit themselves as the oppressed victims of anti-white racism practiced by Blacks, claim to be a Black person who then affirms their imagined degenerate state of Black Americans by proxy, and twist reality to  deny their own racism and to deny any historical or current culpability for the actions of any and all White people world wide past, present. and one would assume future.This might be less depressing if there was a modicum of White American commenters who, self-identified as White then went on to  attempt to make some adjustments to these negative anti-Black comments. That might give Black Americans some hope that racism/denial  is not essentially universal among Whites Americans and that it will never die.One can wish too, that Yahoo stops taking the easy way out and finds ways to increase ad revenue by other means.