Is their a population deficiency?  Make parents pay for their own kids!

well let them create work and people will happily do that

Some of the most highest prices and taxes anywhere in the world. Dont know how an honest hard working person can make it in this country?

Well this is one way to buy votes.

Britain's newest trend, breeding for money.

They took a lot of people in from the middle east, they start having kids, they are going to have big problems.

Why knock out babies if you can't afford them?  Oh; because the taxpayers will pay for them...

The problem with socialism is eventually you run out of other people's money.  M. Thatcher.

Don't do it... or else you will have same trouble we have in the States, uncontrolled breading.

Smarter solution, if u can't take care of them, don't make children.

Maybe Obama should take note....I have no trouble subsidizing struggling, two-parent families....paying for 4 to 6 kids to slutty, single moms as we do here in the usa...no thanks....Hey, they started the nanny state and are way ahead of the US.  This law is actually quite tame to what they already have on the books, so I fail to see a benefit..........unless it is pure PR.

"The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money.”― Margaret Thatcher

To Britain one suggestion.  Make sure the people applying are citizens and have the children and it can be verified!  By the STUPIDITY of our government they forgot those guidelines and we pay out billions of dollars a year to illegals without paying taxes or proof of the kids!

How about ENCOURAGING people to NOT have kids they can't afford...Rewarding people for for bad decisions only brings about more harm...

Take a chance to learn from the mistakes of the Americans; you can give all the tax breaks you want, but if you have to discount yourself from high taxes, you're wasting time that could be utilized to fixing the issue, and not reacting to it instead.

so they are encouraging the dumbest and laziest Brits to breed, and pass on their dumb or lazy genes.Brilliant! Absolutely Brilliant! (sarcasm)

Why should anyone's hard earned money be confiscated and given to you because you can't afford your own freaking brood?  I say NO!  They are your kids, you raise them!

You have to be kidding???  As Chuck C says:  You need to control the breeding of those who have no idea of who will pay for the results of their sperm and egg mating!!!  And the Media preys on those who have multiple births...via pills or sperm impregnation.  This has to stop.... because the common taxpayer cannot afford to pay for IGNORANCE!!!!!

Idiots!

lets give all the married gays a tax credit for bearing children.....that  is the only government program america can afford, that and the administration needed to have criminals register thier guns....This is a tax cut for the middle class, which is good, since it was the Tax Cuts for the rich have destroyed the Western world.

People,people...Future TAX base...That you NEED for any country to exist. As well with the bad teeth.

I've got an easier solution. Whu not take even more money from motorists ? £65 for accidentally straying into a badly marked bus lane isn't nearly enough, nor is the tripling to £195 if you have the impertinence to complain. Clickity click, collect it quick !!!!!

I see no flaw in this plan.

Investing in our children is the best thing any society can do.

Taken child benefit off them recently - then if they vote Tory in the next election they will get it back by the look of it.  Don't fall for it - they haven't kept one of their promises yet.

I take it that if they don't get re-elected, then it won't happen then!!.

That Eton-git helps "working parents", while kicking non-working ones.

Well the tories already have the rich vote now bringing forward pension reform for the grey vote, and tax breaks for the parents vote all after 2015 election beware of men bearing gifts

Another lie for votes that will only encourage the pram faces to breed more.Apparently this tax break will affect families earning up to £150,000 per year, surely this highlights the governments disassociation from the populace. This wage bracket is meant to represent low to middle income families. Correct me if I'm wrong here, but I would have suggested that low to middle income would be anything below £25,000. Does anyone earning nearly £2,900 per week really consider themself to be struggling?

So it seems those sensible folk who work out they cannot afford kids, or single folk who also contribute tax wise to bringing up other folks kids, are going to get soaked again? If you cannot afford them, don't have them.

Well people ? There you are ! Not only are the parents having a hard time,but when the children grow up &amp; join the fastest rat race of all time,they will be paying taxes like crazy.Assuming that there will be jobs available then.Come on Mr Cameron,dont be so hard on your future providers of money for whatever overpaid muppets will be in power then.

Note the date,2015, election year. Every promise made by ALL our Politicians will now betimed to start after the next election. As we all know very few of their promises, vows orpledges are ever kept, they just keep insulting our intelligence. However at the next GeneralElection they could ALL be in for a surprise especially when it comes to immigration.

Ha, ha. What stupid idea has Cameron and his boyfriend Georgy got now ? He will no doubt change his mind as he always does once he has consulted the readings from his boyfriend's nappy. Come back Mystic Meg, all is forgiven in a World of stupid and dangerous politicians.

Bulk of the money going on IMMIGRANTS from africa,pakistan,india.                                                   Our poor/deprived English kids are being robbed of their future.

What about working parents that have working kids that are stuck at home because wages are so poor they cannot afford to rent let alone get on the property ladder.How do you plan to implement this Gideon?.....would that be to hit the vulnerable yet again as they can't fight back or just introduce a new tax or two as per usual.

Have the two goon in the picture been Criminal Record Bureau checked before being allowed into a classroom, they look as if they could be criminals.

The tories have succeeded in divide and conquer, people on here deriding families who work but need a bit more to help raise them.   If we don't have  british children we will be the minority in our own country soon, stop immigration, stop paying money to overseas aide, the EU, fighting unwinable wars and concentrate on strengthen our country and keeping britain as british as possible, why should we be second class citizens with no rights while immigrants to our country have all the rights and freedom of speech?

Just in time for the next election!  It's called a carrot folks - vote for me - you get this!  Where have we heard that before? They're so arrogant they don't even try to conceal their cynicism and really do think we're all that stupid.End the smarm; get rid of Cameron et al.

yet more handouts, money that the gvt don`t have,but will they recover the cash in income tax? or will it be the rest of us paying for other peoples kids?

Sh one T I thought that was Osborne waving Goodbye?

We should be discouraging people from having kids. Britain is full up enough already thanks to immigration and child benefit.

Yet another blatant and desperate attempt to get peoples votes!  This won't happen UNLESS the Tories get voted back into government in 2015.  Anyone who actually believes this bunch of lying, thieving #$%$ deserves all they get.  No doubt if they really intended to help they would start the scheme right away.  After all, they can impose taxes on us overnight, why does it always take longer to give something back?

So exactly what "financial break" are the TORY PARTY offering "single parent famlies" ? Parents who "gave up work on becoming married &amp; to raise a family", subsequently becoming victims of "violence" and so now divorced. Now, they cannot, due to "child care," get back into the "labour market", despite dilligent searching. Where is THEIR "financial relief" ?? ONLY  BENEFIT CUTS &amp; BEDROOM TAX !!  So what would DHSS do IF they "let this room" to a "stranger of the opposite gender" ??  STOP their "benefits" due to "co-habitation" ???

Paying families to not have children is what we need. . . or a limit as per China. The country's resources, especially midwives, is completely over stretched.It is unimaginable that a government would give benefits (because that is what this is) to people in work at all. . . .

Spend, cut, give, cut, can't afford this, can afford that; it starts to look like a lottery whether you are in the cut seat or the gifting/ easing seat. No, its more like musical chairs and I keep missing the comfortable seat and there seems to be less comfortable seats as the game goes on. The remaining comfortable seats all seem to be there because of tax skimmed cash. We are all going to lose this game. Can we start the game again please?We can't win at this game. We need a new game to play.

Twot.

what a smug pair of gits"This is a bunch of self-satisfied Tory Tossers who think they can spend your money better than you can, make decisions better than you can and tell you what to do, and we should never, ever let this lot near government again."

Here's an even better 'tax break' idea, Cameron; come clean and tell everyone the truth that taxes are unlawful and, therefore, optional.

It's a long time since my kids were of an age to need childcare (not that we ever went down that avenue) so I am not sure what the costs actually are. I have heard others commenting generally that the prices are astronomical. That clearly infers, it is not cheap. Therefore, whilst I suppose every bit helps, I can't see 23 quid a week making a huge difference.

How about tax breaks for the rest of us without children?

i want to see tax breaks for people that don`t over-populate the country.

pity there's no full time work for parents to find, bet they won't pay it out to the poor sods who can only find 16 hours a week......seems everything is to happen when they are no longer in government

Do we really want to encourage people to have more children? Already we are living in an overcrowded country with pressure on the N.H.S., hospitals doctors, schools, housing  etc. Shortages of electric and gas and no plan to expand water storage. If people want children its their choice and I don't see why the rest of the taxpayers should pay for them. Its about time Family Allowances were capped at 2 children and I concede you cannot fairly take it away from people who are already getting it but it needs capping as there is no way you can plan for an ever increasing population on the scale we are throwing money at it now

Or another thought - tax breaks for a mum (or dad) to stay home with under 5's - (I should add working parents only!!!) As the early years are vitally important and who knows we may even end up with less feral kids if they actually get a parent at home with them when very young?

Another promise to be re-elected by the Goverment, if they wanted to help parents, they would do help them now, just more tory talk , same as he said he would have a E.U referendum if they get back in, what a joke.!!

This government has lost the plot,If people want kids THEY look after them I'm sorry.I had to &amp; apart from child benefit that was it.How about helping those that have to travel long distances to work,give these poor sods a tax break.&amp; as Anthony say's how about those that have no kids.Christ the bloody government has lost the plot.Another tax break for the rich.The greedy,selfish coalition can now see the end of the gravy train.They will do anything to line their own pockets.

So Mercedes Lil with her designer sunglasses, painted nails and guchi handbag can get help she does not need while she poncies off to her "career ", but dedicated mum staying at home to bring up nice little kids gets nothing ! Sounds like a typical LibCon trick !!!

The immigrants blacks,pakistanis/indian breed like rats=therefore the majority of any money will go to them.  OUR ENGLISH KIDS ARE BEING ROBBED OF THEIR FUTURE..  We MUST stop immigration and make sure our English are well looked after.   The immigrants bring poverty to the cities,they are TAKERS not DOERS.

No doubt this will only happen if the Cons win the 2015 election.And what tax will increase for the rest of us in order to help those who choose to have kids without first thinking whether they can afford everything that comes with them?

Is that correct, both parents can earn up to £150,000"s each and still be able to claim money towards childcare?

Cynical attempt at buying votes...

UKIP

China saw this long ago by trying to control family growth such responsibilities although I don't buy the plan and this also depends on culture and traditions amongst the existing nations.

True politicians,go for the jugular- tell the people how bad it is and get on with it#$%$ footing around trying to please everybody never works. Everybody in this country owes at least £50,000 according to our debt figures.  So HOW can ANY political party promise to SPEND even more? Whose money is it anyway,why ours of course. So all they are saying is that we will get you deeper into debt!

ho ho ho !  The  Tory  tuck shop is open !    come and get your  free  election sweeties  !   yo !I thought they were supposed to be cutting the welfare budget !!!!!!

But dont panic illegal immigrants.Your FREE cash machine still awaits

Cameron could promise people a Golden Condom - because he'll never form the next government . . . . . .

yeah yeah yeah 2015 again

Pay mothers not to look after their children and the money comes from anyone paying tax.Madness !  Especially when you consider the Government debt is over a trillion pounds and rising . We do not have the money for this largesse . The Con Party is  doing what the Liebour Party do . That is ,buying votes  .   libLabCon OUT .

According to the spokesperson on TV this will only be available to families with two working parents and will be open to households making up to 300k per year.   Another little earner for the posh people me thinks.

Like everything else they offer, it will be after 2015 and no one in their right mind would vote for pinky or perky.

Running scared the feckers .

An election promise they know they will not keep! FEKIN CROOKS ALL OF EM!

This should make life a little easier for the Gay Boy's when they get married and have kids.Mr. Flibble,this is why we are overrun by immigrant trash!

If you want children do what we did only have what you can afford.  We never had all these hand outs.  Making our people so dependent soon they will do nothing for themselves and we wil be the country asking for aid,  I think the conservatives have lost the plot or is this the liberals pulling the strings again and conservatives going along with it,  Sort of hairbrained scheme the Liberals  would come out with.  Lets hear all the hard luck stories and all the thumbs down.  Child rearing juggling work and school has always been hard but thats life if you have kids be responsible for them do not expect everyone else to keep them.  No wonder we are in a mess it never ends this open cheque book with money we do not have.

He wants to stop giving free places to the single mothers for their kids aged two!!! Why do they need a place if they are not working? These places could be used for working parents and the cost overall reduced to help out. It seems the only ones getting much help are those on benefits who will not work as it is more lucrative to be on benefits and get everything paid for.

It's a trap... Once they get re-elected, they will double the taxes....

Help the disabled and there carers you feck heads! Carers only get 50 odd quid and boy is it hard work! Lifting , feeding, cleaning and washing there body, pushing wheelchairs, doing all there forms, shopping, everything really! For 37 hours a week i get off the scummy government such a paltry sum and there are millions like me, working day and night to look after the disabled and these numptys are now taking off the disabled who will end up with no carer . The uk i live in is a place i don't know anymore, greedy people foaming at the mouth with the size of there bank accounts and taking off the poor. I want an equal and humane society. The tories can all go to hell, most of them eat too much so i suspect they will end up having a fatal end. I will have the last laugh you ugly corrupt creeps!

Always bad RACIST remarks about the "Eastern Europeans".NEVER the same about the hordes of black,pakistani,indians pouring into the UK to rob our English kids of their future.  Labour is very RACIST,always picking on the Eastern Europeans but never the REAL PROBLEM of mass immigration from the Third World.  It is the black,asian immigrants who are the real danger NOT our European brothers/sisters from Europe.  Labour USES the blacks/asians,needs their VOTES and will by example GIVE AWAY our English kids future.

Great - so now I've got to subside people who have children. We are overpopulated now - do people need encouragement to breed?

A picture of Beavis and Butthead....

Dose this mean that the rich bankers and the like will put the wife out to work so they can get a tax break.

They can promise what they like and not deliver as they will be out of government by then!Its a con!The best asset any woman has is a womb!To have kids there has to be a man involved yet the government do nothing to ensure they pa for their brood!No named father, co court order for maintenance, no benefit!

Clegg: My mom says I can't play with you no more Cameo!Camoron: Why's that then cLeggo?Clegg: She says you people are grasping what's not yours and you plan to take over the world!Camoron: No way my man! We workd hard and use our money wisely - don't know what you mean by grasping!Clegg: Take that toy! Well, see you already have ... even though it's not even your colours - red and gold!Camoron: Well, my dad always said you should take whatever's there for the taking ... and that toy was meant to be mine!Clegg: That's exactly what they all say ... all the thieves in the world!Cameron (L) and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg

look at these two r sole look like there straight from the muppet show

Better than having gloss enamel fake piano key teeth like you lot! Soooooo plastic! Soooooo wierd looking!

I can hardly contain my excitement as so much is promised for 2015, we will all be dancing in the streets.Could this have anything to do with having to elect the Tories in 2015 to gain entry to this promised land?

Another post election promise,  I wonder why ?????Why do the Tories not just say to every parent  "send us all your bills and we will pay them"Moderm families in the UK want money for all sorts of luxuries and we are expected topay.£1200 extra for each child !!!!   They already get child allowence, thats 4K a year for the firstchild.Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

Buying votes again.OK, so how has child care become so expensive? And why does everyone have to pay for them? In reality am I paying maintenance for kids I never knew I had.In reality you should work out if you can afford a child on your own income, forget the fancy goods etc, and if not then you go without, why should you have kids and then the rest of us have to pay for them - they're yours not mine.

Yet another carrot to get the donkeys to vote for them in 2015, they certainly dont think a lot of our intelligence do they, VOTE UKip.

with an income of £150,000 they should be able to afford childcare

Jam yesterday, jam tomorrow but never jam today. Working folk need help NOW!Wow... yet another "Vote for me at the next election" promise, Cameron must believe in fairies if he thinks all these next term promises will get him in again.  We have too many failed promises from the last election to be caught the next time......... although the golden condom is not a bad suggestion....... lol

Did I miss ... if they proposing before or after the election, or is it another CARROT !!!!

What are these two clowns on about again.  I think the British public no longer believeany thing they have to say or offer any more, after all the lies that have been told buy these two clowns.

And when do they help struggling single people who have no partner or family of any kind to help them, who haven't spent their youth thoughtlessly having baby after baby with no idea how to pay for their upkeep, and who are now losing money they cannot afford to lose because they happen to have a spare bedroom, even if, as I do, they already live in an old peoples bungalow and there is nowhere smaller in the area to move to? And even if there were, why should people be forced to move from homes they may have lived in for decades, and to which they may have huge emotional ties, just because the government is too stupid, or lazy, or simply uncaring to come up with a more intelligent and sensible way to help the homeless? I am so fed up with hearing that tired old soundbite, "hard working families", which is a nonsensical statement anyway since young children are not sent out to work. It should make no difference if you are part of a couple or single, a parent or childless, or for that matter whether you are a new born or on your death bed, in a truly fair society EVERYONE should count. Politicians should not pick and choose who to give the odd treat to, playing one group off against another, just because they think it will win them a few more votes.

A lot of complaining going on here. Why shouldn't families with working parents not get something back from their taxes to help towards the cost of childcare in a country with the costs among the highest in the world?

Just listened to Radio 4 for a BETTER report on this new initiative. AGAIN the high paid, better off will fare much better than the poor and middle income families. ANOTHER case of this government GIVING financial breaks to those that are already doing very well thank you.

What about some help for the millions looking after their old folk ! don't they deserve a break ??

Nice photo, is it a screen shot for dumb and dumber 2?

More carrot dangling

No this will make most parents LOSE out as they are abolishing childcare vouchers which as a couple will save you more. By reducing your salary by £243 a week you save 32% a year or £900 a year each, £1800 in total. The above scheme you get £1200. YOU ARE LOSING.More lies from Robbing Hood.

2015- jam tomorrow !. How thick do these t**tsthink we are.

To all you tories out there, Gideon really is an idiot, he hasnt got one thing right in the time he's been in government. AAA rating, house building, the banks, remember those. They have no chance of power in the next election, thank god !.

Hello - if people are that hard up why do they continue to have children? there is always help for mum, families, time of work for both parents, time of work for parents to look after sick children etc etc - who always picks up the slack - single people - they work longer hours to cover, get taxed heavier and heavier and no tax breaks for them ever.

Everyday more and more dribble from Osborne that nobody bothers believingTax breaks to help working parents with kids .... ah yes, do you think that will sway us when you have more that made up for it by rasing petrol again, raising more tax, introducing bedroom taxes etc etc etc  .... yawnOsborns and CaMORON, why don't you go back in to you little pink room as you are so out of touch with reality.YOU caused this austerity. YOU caused this recession and all in the name of your own pockets and power with your EU fat boy girlfriendsEastlieght recently showed what they thought of the big parties. It is one of the strongest Lib Dem areas in the country. Half never turned out to vote whilst Lid Dems only marginally won by 1000 votes just ahead of UKIP whilst Labour and CONservative lost massive ground.YOU want to help everyone. then stop this stupid tax tax tax folowed by tax breaks then more taxInstead stop wasting giving the EU £50,000,000 of OUR money every day (£18,250,000,000 a year) ... Get oimmigration under control and stop letting in all these economic sponging foreigners who then get more benefits than us and all for nothingStop handing out £12,000 settlement cheques to immigrantsStop handing out £21,000,000 to nuke building Western hating LibyaStop borrowing endlessly on high interestIn short, put OUR country FIRST ans STOP WASTING money and then we don't need high taxes to start withRoll on 2015 and UKIPNext year another 20,000.000 Romanians will be allowed in. I vote I don't want my countries money paying for those free loaders as well

Clegg was never elected .And yet he is running the country in to the ground with unelected Cameron .Clegg had the least votes out of all the main party's .Yet he sits there all smug .

bribary, false promises, liars.

Here we go again, I work to pay tax to pay for next door's brats. And they reward me by chucking their unwanted take away cartons and crisp packets over the fence into my garden for me to clear up.Can't help feeling something is wrong....

It is amazing that these days people have children and then expect others to pay.  We have 2 children and my husband was the one working whilst I looked after them.  His wage was not great, but we managed by being careful and doing without as parents when necessary.  It was only when they went to nursery school that I took on a part-time job to fit in with the school hours.  That also wasn't brilliant but it helped.  Both eventually decided(without being pushed) to go to University and we supported them as much as we could, without expecting others to pay and free handouts.  Today it is a matter of: I want my cake and I want to eat it, no matter what.  If you can't afford to bring up children and don't want to make sacrifices, don't have them. Simple!!!

Why carn't he do it now he will promise anything to get your vote.Just like the EU vote after the next election the man his full off #$%$ you believe a word the goverment say you will believe anything.My vote his for UKIP no matter what they sayOnce again the P.M. announces a rise in benefits "for hard working families" but, as is always the case when there is a Conservative in power, the majority of the benefit goes to those who are already well over the average national income.

Parents earning up to 150000 each! can claim child care costs for under fives? Wow this is really going to help parents struggling to make ends meet while not damagining the economy! This is an obvious attempt to placate existing tory voters.

'Tax breaks', not even jam, then, not even tomorrow.What pathetic scummery from the propaganda retailers of the Peados and Poverrty Party.

So where s the money coming from to pay these parents? out of pensions, NHS sick and disabled?

2015.He wont even be in to Honour IT

This is just another welfare benefit. I thought, according to the crew in power (temporarily), that benefits were costing too much. Axe it now, along with tax credits, child benefit etc.

I can hear the breeders for money rubbing their hands together in joy and anticipation, especialy those natural born breeders from India, Pakistan etc

The UK is already badly overcrowded not to mention the world. There should be tax breaks given to people who choose to have no children or to adopt, not the other way round.

bribary&amp;coruption

A tax break in two years time??? I am fighting to stay afloat today?i thought taxes were only introduced to fund the crusades when king richard was going to war? if so, all taxes now are illegal, or did i miss something. could be wrong, no doubt you historians on here will correct me.

when will ANY government reward hard working single people who are on the minimum wage? NO government has ever done this, always people with kids that get the money.if you cant afford them, dont have them...simples.where i live, if your single and on minimum wage, you cant afford to rent a 1 bedroom flat....or you could if you dont use any gas or electric and live on jam and bread

All this if you can't afford kids don't have them,not everybody will have a high paid job,also life changes all the time you can loose your job become single etc its the people on the low incomes that keep the wheels turning if it wasn't for them you would have no bin men,no factory workers,shops,waitress etc the people who are high paid make money off them...so they don't have the right to have children because they are low paid. pretty nazi idea to me!... Some of the best people have come from poor family's.

I object to paying for anybody's kids other than my own. Another way for Eastern Europeans to bleed us dry !

There are here again making promises, they can make all the promises that they want to now, because nothing is to come into force until after they are out of office lol.

Do they think we're stupid?  By 2015 cost of living and child care costs will have overtaken any increase and the general elections may mean this will never happen.  Easy to make promises and work on excuses before they come about!

Just listen to the lousy voters on here moaning about chidcare and overseas aid? Where were these same lousy labour voters when the last lousy labour govt taxed middle england to the hilt to pay for its immigrant voters and encouraged them to send there benefits and hard earned taxpayers welfare abroad.? The simple answer is that lousy labour created this childcare free for all fiasco when they opened all our borders up and chucked our rights away at the EU.Will these same lousy labours voters vote for eddie millibean again... you bet they will,they just dont get it do they? labour labour labour out out out

Hear we are all again witnessing the lousy labour party legacy. Keep sending your taxes abroad you morons... your vote for lousy labour in govt assured that one because thats where your votes are now. What a cheap gain. labour labour labour out out out

If people want to have children then they should be able to afford to keep them themselves and not rely on hard workers taxes to help them out...........get sick of hearing how "mums" are some kinds of "icons...........I have seen a single Mother with 2 kids lives near me who obviously doesnt need to scrimp on the heating as she wanders about her house in strappy tops, the lights are on 24/7 you look at a pensioner and no lights no heating and sits in thick jumpers 24/7............something drastically wrong somewhere...................

The tory government do not offer childcare tax break to families in poverty.New immigrants come over here to have their babies, they look like an Indian , they talk like an Indian, they eat like an Indian and if you ask them where they come from they are English

This not helping parents with child care costs; this is helping more parents into a tax paying position at the expense of their child’s upbringing. If they want to help parents with childcare they should enable them to care for their children by giving this money directly to the working partner. Working mothers pay tax and that is all they are concerned about.

Why Why Why???  Don't parents get enough from the rest of us???  At least get rid of their parking spaces at supermarkets!!!

its about time, i need a new car.

Personally I dont think anybody should want to have more babies just because the government is promising £1200 a year.I have two kids, age 5 and 2.5, this money is not even enough for preschool fees and before and after school club for 2 months.I am a working mum, been in this country for 6 years and have raised my kids without any benefit whatso-ever as I am not entitled to it and we are happy.

Pathetic !!  you are getting what you deserve,, vote tory because labour were useless, now vote labour ,because the tories are useless,, we don´t have political parties anymore we have a political elite,, that is what needs to change  ,, and just moaning here isn´t going to change a thing

When will single childless people get a tax break which they deserve for simply not draining all the resources a family does?

this goverment should be voted out of power now. the public have NO confidence in them.

as usual, a lot of hyperbole and no detail from Yahoo

what a joke!! dont have the kids in the first place! this goverment ........ god helps us!America could some things here that would be good for its citizens.The banks got a bail-out how about relief for credit debt from predatory lending! Oh no nothing for a working stiff !!!!

"This announcement will not make up for the up to 1,500 pounds that families on middle and low incomes have lost in cuts to childcare support," Labour education spokesman Stephen Twigg said........but yet again decline to say how they would help.....

i dont get it....if u have kids u should pay 4 them not the poor people of chavland

There they are !! "Dumb And Dummer" they will say and try  anything to stay in power. Your days are numbered  boys. Vote for the UKIP, in the local ellections that imo being the only chance we have left now before this country slides even further down the pan.

Are most people on here incapable of reading properly? The article clearly states that this tax break is for WORKING parents and speaking as a working parent who pays for childcare I can guarantee you that nobody is going to start "breeding for money" for the equivalent of £23 per week (at most).

there is certain fertility rate below which society is VANISHING ...we are on a verge of that ... thats 1.9 ,1.6 - I think - its IRREVERSIBLE trend !!!Japan's 1.21 children per woman--are in demographic collapse !!!so if tax-man is wise - should help working parents with ridiculous costs of childcareotherwise there will be fewer tax payers in years ahead and society will VANISH...brutal but realistic,so on that they need to act QUICKLY AND EFFICIENTLY!!!!or - there won't be enough citizens for them to rule

At least its not open to single mothers but to two parent families - makes a change from Labour

Great idea but also stop child benefits for all

What a pair of balends.

Just great. I am childless by choice but I'm expected to support other peoples brats. People with children should pay more tax. They are a drain on every resource. STOP WASTING MY MONEY! DWM.So I have to pay for other people's kids so they can earn more money to help them live beyond their means. What a feckin cheek this present load of robbin MPs have

it can´t be too bad for you yet ,, comic relief just raised 75 million pounds from the british public and that´s without the billions in foreign aid that you know the government is giving in your name, my question is ,, next year would you give so much just to get rid of the debt ,, for the good of your own country and the future of your own children

LOL. All we need now is enough state-employed money fairies to gather up the cash that falls from the fairy money clouds and we'll all life happily ever after.