why did a Chinese national  work at NASA's Langley Research Center in the first place? secondly why did he have access to  sensitive information?

John you really a dumb nut.... The United States of America is a land for all people (from different races) who love freedom and democracy and I meant they are the people who are from all around the world and have together put a lot of hard work to make this land beautiful today. The technologies that we have invented are from all of smart people here. steal/rob/copy is the china trade-mark.

They hired a Chinese national to worked at an advanced space research center!  What were they freaking thinking?????

Several years ago a Los Alamos National Lab ( New Mexico) Employee sold Top Secret information on the B-1 Stealth Bomber to China, then he bought a Home in Hawaii with the Money.  Until the death Penalty for Treason is Enforced Taxpayers will spend Trillions on Research and some people will sell it to China. Like all the Jobs some have sent to China from America, there seems to be no Loyalty to America by the Management or Congress.

"The affidavit says Jiang had previously taken a NASA laptop to China that contained sensitive information."--OK. Why was he here in the U.S. and free to take more (possibly) sensitive items to China?

And of course China isn't a problem....

You and I could see this coming, and we were not privy to the hiring decision. Who makes these decisions and how do they keep their job ?

Treason should be meet by death.

Treason . Shoot him

A perfect example of why this country needs to use profiling, not only for travel, but in hiring for jobs that may affect national security.

It started under Clinton ( Rocket tech) and will continue UNTIL Treason Laws are enforced . If our Courts are gutless we can always just give them LIFE with NO parole and forfeiture of ALL Personal propertyMaybe why we shouldn't let foreign nationals work in our space and defense industries.  Yeah, I know considering our #$%$ poor education system and lazy kids, there aren't too many young "round-eye" engineers and scientists, these days.

Why in the hell would they allow a Commie national to have access to any classified material when everyone knows they steal everything all the time.Our government has really lost its mind!

Well who do you think the blame is???? STOP employing other nationals for top secret projects

I hope they planted spying devices on his computer to take home to China

When, oh when will the US government figure out that China is not our friend?  They should not have "most favored nation" trade status and their citizens who come here should be screened as closely as Iranian and North Korean visitors.

Keep allowing government agencies and corporations to import employees from our enemies. Save a little in labor costs; while leaving the county's economy, security and infrastructure vulnerable. Smart policy. It's all about the cash.

Its only treason if he was a US citizen. Now the idiot us citizen that hired him is fair game.

H1B1 program working out so well for us ?

the little chinese dude should have distracted them with: "me so #$%$...!!!" &amp; "me love you long time, joe...!" he could have sneaked out while security wondered what the F had just happened....

Good thing he was caught...he was most likely going to sell secrets to the Chinese in exchange for moneyIs anyone minding the store?

Well at least they caught him.... again.

Various security agency inspectors spend way too much of their time doing administrative functions, filling out forms and writing poorly constructed report formats when they should be looking at insider threats-particularly at nationalized citizens (NC) from hostile countries. Look at how the NC's university was paid e.g. did a foreign government pay for it. If a foreign student from a hostile government is working on a study at a university on a government grant with potential national security possibilities, should not those persons be vetted before being assigned to the project?

Obama and his Cabal of Merry Men have been giving our technology to China and our money and weapons to Anti-American Arab countries. That folks is more Treason Charges in the making. When will this be stopped ?

What a Chinese national a spy noooooooooo!!!!!!! You know he got a thorough back ground check and all. When they checked his references with the Peoples Army they gave him glowing remarks.

Does anyone else see a problem with this statement?  " A Chinese national who worked at NASA's Langley Research Center "  Why the heck is a Chinese national employed at a site with such sensitive information?   Are we really that stupid?

Another part of the story that they forgot to mention!!Rep. Frank Wolf (R-VA) revealed that it was the Obama Administration that allowed hundreds of Chinese nationals to work in a sensitive area of NASA's Langley Research Center.  One of the nationals was arrested Monday at Dulles airport as he was trying to leave the country when he failed to disclose all of the electronics he was taking with him.An affidavit says Bo Jiang was under investigation for possible violations of the Arms Control Export Act and that he had previously taken a NASA laptop to China that contained sensitive information.Hosts Brian Wilson and Larry O'Connor pressed the congressman on the details of the program that allows hundreds of Chinese nationals who work directly with the Chinese Liberation Army to access the Hampton, Va. facility for the National Institute of Aerospace.  Wolf revealed that the program is not meant to be a cultural exchange as Americans are not invited to work in Beijing's counterpart facilities.  Furthermore, when asked who was responsible for allowing the questionable access to Chinese nationals, Wolf responded simply, "The Obama Administration."Just like Clinton, Obama is selling our country down the drain!!Hows that hope and change workling for you?

How does a Chinese national get a sensitive job in America?  Man, is this admin screwed up.

China is very dangerous.

Wow.  What a shocker.  NASA allows a Chinese Communist to work at their facilites and allows the POS to have access to sensitive and secret date.  Then there is surprise that he gave it away to the Chinese Government.  Do they actually have any rocket scientists left at NASA??One down, thousands to go, no doubt.

Mister Bo Jiangles... dance!

a chinese national???? in a sensitive agency?????? hired???? access to sensitive electronics????whoever hired him should be shot as a traitor - while we trade this guy off for one of ours#$%$!!!!!!!!!!!!!

WTFH -- why do we left foreign nationals from HOSTILE nations work in key/sensitive positions in government or corporations ???????

Ok. THIS guy should fry.

Obviously NASA Human Resource department are not ROCKET SCIENTIST

Clinton admin and Obama admin have their problems with Cinese spies ....... commies helpn commies !

Arrest the idiots that hired him too !

I just want to know how did they know he took a NASA laptop but didn't stop him the first time?

Damn Spies! Why in the world was that guy working for a Federal Agency? All these dang contractors are a risk to the U.S. Put all that back in the hands of our Military and bring back J. Edgar Hoover style background checks and we won't have this kind of #$%$! And hang this sucker on the public square so everyone can see what happens to spies.Don't choot 'em! Use 'em for gator bait!

Yep!  That is our Government and it agencies.  They give access to secure information to anyone!  I am really surprised they have not turned over nuclear bomb plans to Iran by now.  Why!  would our government trust anyone who was not born in the US who didn't undergo a complete background  check.  How the frack did a Chinese nation receive a US security clearance?  Is the FBI run by simpletons or lazy agents?

Sweet and sour lady.

I guess they don't need to "spy", as we give them free access.

Why are foriegners approved to work in sensitive positions in NASA and arms development?? This is a very dangerous breech of security.

Why was he not arrested already?    Why was he working at Langley?

I hear these stories all the time.  Why are we allowing Chinese nationals near our military and our rocket technology sites?  Chinese national is allowed access to a site then the next thing you know, he/she is either sending electronic information to China or carting off stolen secrets on electronic devices and such.  The Chinese must think we are really stupid so they play along with us.  How stupid can we be?

The pulse and safety of nation in Obama's, Holder's, Napolitano's, Kerry's hands, very scary.

When will the US government stop buying Chinese-made computers that are know to have Trojan horses built into their firmware?

Spooks and Spies arent as clever as they would like to believeWell since the Iraq war is all finished,,,and Afghanistan is shutting down,,,The US is going after the only thing left to do,,,Spy catching,,,I wonder if they have any openings for folks coming back from overseas that need a job now?

Why do we rely on Chinese engineers everywhere? Are they the best?

Other articles say his bosses allowed him to do this at least once before. We need to look at home.

How many American contractors are there, working in the Chinese space industry one wonders.

Foreign nationals, primarily Chinese in academia and sensitive research, are not in the US to benefit the US.  With few exceptions, they are in the service of China, no matter how long they've been here.  Their loyalty is to China.

How could the Obama Administration allow a CHINESE COMMUNIST anywhere near sensitive information, and violations of arms controll act.  And, this commie previously took a NASA laptop containing sensitive information to China and they cought the prick this time trying to get out of Dodge!  God help us.  We need to get rid of the LIBERALS infecting our nation.

Why does NASA employ people from hostile countries working in sensitive projects? Can't the US provide our own qualified technicians that we have to employ from abroad much less unfriendly countries like China, Pakistan, and others? or perhaps NASA just want to pay them less.

so who's the moron that hired a Chinese national?

now follow this. the crime\mistake is not that he had access to USA technology, the crime \mistake is that some fed agency was not informed to leave him alone. scary s--t.

We need to ask ourselves an even more disturbing question: Are they getting help from inside our scientific enterprises?Thank Clinton and his cronies for making China a favored nation. First we moved technology, than jobs and now all secrets there.

it's BEYOND me why our moronic government employs chinese nationals....anyone?

throw this bum in jail and throw away the key........

Why did the U. S. have a chinese working,anyway it must show we not smart enough or they getting cheap labor

Looks like Mr. Bo Jiangles won't be dancing anytime soon.

Why is a Chinese National allowed to even enter Langley, much less work there?

What in the hell is going on in this country where we are giving it all away. From Mexico to China. We're all screwed. People have no brains anymore. Like they ever did.

Who are the idiots in our government that allow such easy access for communist spys?  Can we really blame the Chinese when our own officials just allow them to walk through a wide open door?Seriously, PC politicians have endangered all of us and should be considered nothing short of traitors.

How do you blind an oriental driver ??? Put a windshield in front of them !!!

With all that is happening in this country, coupled with just what the chinese have done countless times - who in their right mind would hire anyone directly from china? The guy already took his laptop with sensitive information TO china! What do you really think he did with that info? Of course he downloaded it for his chinese comrades.....it's called espionage people! Hang him in the nearest town square! What do you think they do with their spy's??? Find them guilty and send them on their way???? I don't think soooooooo!DUH!!!!!! What's new??? We have idiots in our gument, idiots in our most sensitive industries and all in all we have a huge number of citizens that feel no alliegence toward their country or their fellow Americans.. Many of them in our government, industry and so-called higher education... We used to call them traitors and of course they expect our fellow Americans to go to war when ever neccessary to protect their sorry buttocks....

Yet another American selling off pieces of the American soul to China.

What does this mean maybe a little talk on how to secure are shore against this .Maybe less freedom for foreign national and more restriction on them and a monitor placed on them to track their movments remember they have NO NO NO RIGHTS.

Over the past five years we have heard more and more about Chinese men and women stealing our secrets. Lets over react and get all Chinese without citizenship out of jobs that are sensitive in nature, i.e. nuclear plants, r0cket development, jus to mention two. this may free up a whole bunch of jobs for American citizens.

Don't you just love "diversity."  It's through our differences we become stronger.

the giving away of america

The reason why the US hires Chinese and Indian nationals to do sensitive work is because Americans are either to stupid or lazy to do it.I am a physicist/engineer and I can tell you most of the people in my workplace are either Chinese or Indian.

this is old and constant. chinese strive to work at our most intelligence sensitive areas of govt. and our govt. constantly turns a blind eye. and when they are caught, calls are made and these spies are turned loose.

Why is OBama allowing non Americans to work at NASA

These political parties are killing us.as soon as china steals all of our technology. what do you think the CCP will do? look at what it does NOW and tell me that the future isnt scary.

Lying, cheating and copying. That's the three things you need to boost your country. Hacking our computers, stealing our information and lying to our faces. Gotta love our economic 'partner' eh?

Just one more reason Americans are stock piling Ammo. Our govt. lets Communist's have full access to our technology. What theye are not going to one day use it against us. What idiots we have running our country.

China is preparing for military activity in the south china seas with our assistance..we develop technology and pass it on to the china..are our security agency that dumb

Folks just because you don't hear bullets or bombs, doesn't mean there isn't a war going on.

And we wonder why the Chinese know all our secrets.

Now is the time for the us people to start cleaning the "house" and all memebrs of it.

Great! While American Citizen couldn't find work, NASA hired a Chinese instead! What's wrong with this picture?

China would never ever ever ever spy on us.  That guy was just going to start his new job at Apple thats all.

No way China would not let him in they are our friends.  Honest as the day is long.  Thats why we have so many companies there right?  This country is run by meat heads.Our government wonders why thousands of chinese women are   flying here when they are about to give birth  . Then go back to China  after  the birth of their  american born baby............what are they up to?

Let's see, Chinese national working at a sensitive research facility ... previously stole and conveyed to the Chinese a government laptop with sensitive data on it ... now heading back to China for what I presume would be his last visit as things were obviously heating up here for him ...Anybody want to bet he pleads not guilty and costs the US taxpayers another gazillion dollars in legal fees?Solve the situation now - we're technically in a war and treason during war time is punishable by execution.  Take him out against a wall, train the TV cameras on his face and put a bullet in his head.  That will solve this problem and perhaps make other traitors reconsider their line of work.

why do we keep dealing with china? They have a proven history of stealing information! pull all US Information and technology out of china! We Americans need to hold on to this info, and produce our own goods!

Why did they let him get away with it once ?

an obvious spy, but he won't get so much as a slap on the hand. clinton's admin. was wrought with chinese spies, never a prosecution. china got much of our technology during his admin.

China hacks our computers, steals military and industrial secrets, manipulates their currency, and uses near slave labor and pollution to undercut our manufacturers, and yet we do NOTHING.   There is absolutely no reason we should be trading with China in light of the previous points.  The powers that be are destroying our nation.   Demand from your representative that this stop.  Ultimately, the voter trumps corporate influence.

I read the article quickly and thought his name was Bo Jangles

He just din't want to have to go back to the land of slavery! Her probably figured if I get caught at least I will have a cot and three hots. And yet America will continue business as usual with China. Its time to cut ties with China and cut our losses.

This proves it! Our nation is going down hill fast! All in the name of tolerance and passiveness.

How many Americans are unemployed and this guy had a job in America? Not to mention, we are suppost to be trying to give illegal immigrants citizenship? This is a prime example of why NOT give illegals citizenship. They run back home to their mother country with our money and sensitive data to our national security... Its time to stop being stupid and get real with these people!A Chineese national taking American stuff to China, no, this couldnt happen and then lieing about it, it must all be a lie.........

Astounding, they catch him once leaving the country with a laptop, let him back in and let him work again at NASA to Steal more stuff. Incredible.

The Americans !

Obama is a communist agent

made in china zzzzzzzzx

When will America learn that you cannot trust asians, especially the chinese regardless of their "american citizenship".  These people are thieves, traitors and will always backstab the U.S.  Treasoners and spies should be shot.

Washington is like a septic tank that needs cleaned! Look what they have done to this country out of greed and catering to these corporations that stufffs these guys pockets!

We used to shoot/hang spies.

Affirmative action the same way communists have taken over the white house.

The affidavit says Jiang had previously taken a NASA laptop to China that contained sensitive information.why was he let back in there in the first place.somebody needs to go to the unemployment line!Chinese did not hack usa from China,  they had direct server access from usa facilities.Good job outsourcing

What a complete idiot. May he get what's coming to him.

I was an engineer in the aerospace industry in the 80s and there were hardly any chinese around. During that time we turned out amazing technology. Anyone who thinks we have to import our talent doesnt know what they are talking about. This #$%$ with the chinese grew by leaps and bounds when clinton was president, and just a few years after his presidency, the chinese were putting guys in orbit. Thanks willie, those campaign contributions to you and the DNC were sure wort it, right?

Why do we have foreign nationals working for the government at all?

I'm sure that the same thing happens all the time with all those U.S. nationals working in the China space research centers.

It's like the show the americans but instead of russia its china.

Yet people claim he is the Messiah

I call B S on this story.

Snake on a plane....

This is Washington at is finest for the last 30 years.. There had to be money involved becasue anyone with money can bribe anyone in Washington!SPYING?  Boy those microdots are small.  They can almost be hidden anywhere on the body and even swallowed in the event of capture?  Hard to say what she had hidden unless she was given a full CT scan?  German General Goering  hid a cynaide capsule from his captors in his mouth till he committed suicide? She may have hidden data on a dental cap?  These Chinese Communist operators may be just like Charlie Chan? Slippery!

Establishing friendly relations?

Decision made by the President.  '-People, I told you already!  I need to spread the wealth around, even to those nations that want to destroy us.'

THE USA is clearly out of control in the race to space with other countries.  Traditonally education has been the way to advance a country in out space endeavors. After the sputnik there was a massive investment in education that lead to the development of NASA

.... Thanks Obama!

China is kool!

Perfect example for more money to be spent to educate our own, if we expect foreigners to feel the same way about america as they do their own homes, it's not going to happen, why do you think the mexicans never applied for citizenship, it's because they are only here to make the money, they are going home.  We have too much to loose, hire americans!, buy made in america goods, stop the madness!

Ew. Why was he flying from Norfolk Intl? That airport is #$%$. Bleah!

we will never learn!!

This is the American version of "Daughter fights for return of dad trapped in China"in simple words the guy knew too many secretsgovernment puts up some excuse of a lie to arrest him and lock him away forever to keep his mouth shut..so Americans won't go into panic or other enemy countries won't find out about our secrets

These bumbling keystone cops got one Chinese criminal think that 40-50 got away destroying the economy.  Washington is the problem, they opened the door to criminals like this to steal from the American taxpayer.

Great.  Another Wen Ho Lee.  Wen Ho was investigated off and on for 16 years by the Feds (initially because of his recorded conversations with a convicted chinese spy), but still had access to top secret design files of our best nukes (W88, I think).  He was caught taking the files home and putting them on his own computer.  He was within a couple mouseclicks of sending them to China.  The Feds bungled the investigation, so he was freed, successfully sued the US government, and wrote a book accusing Americans of being intolerant of the Chinese immigrants.  Bill Clinton and a Federal judge publically apologized to him.  We are doomed.

I wonder if that laptop was made in China

You have got to be kidding me!!!!

String him up.  Nothing gets their attention like a streched neck.  Thank your Congress and Senate who let these weasels in on H-1B visas and other guest worker visas.  All the more reason to hire Americans in such sensitive positions.  Real Americans.

Yep, let's have more H1B visas.

Wow! is our government just a bunch of morons or what. Chinese nationals or any other nationals should not be at NASA. What we Americans don't(Need Anymore Stupid Aristocrats).

Is Obama that much of an imbecile??????  Communist China IS THE ENEMY!!!  Line this Chinese prik up against a wall and SHOOT HIM. Then go to the Impeach Obama Web page and sign it.

If Chinese constitute a majority of the US population then this problem is a non-issue. So, let's loosen up those immigration laws and rebalance the problem using the Chinese.A 59-year old white american was sentenced to 20 years for passing secrets to a 27-year old Chinese student. She must be too good for him to pass up, so he passes them on.

has nasa never heard of a background check?  good grief  of course this is the same government trying to sue states for protecting themselves against illegal immigrants.

Treason. Hang him. China is a terrible country.

obama don't care. the idiots at NASA dont care.  Trust me on this, I used to work there. Some of them WANT the Red Chinese to know everything we do in order to prevent US from nuking the world.  We are the bad guys in the eyes of many of these university educated leftists.  The NASA glory days of the 60s and 70s are long gone.  It's an affirmative action, left-wing repository now. :(

Why does NASA have Chinese nationals employed? And why was this guy not given 1. citizenship 2. obamaphone 3. democratic voting guide 4. food stamps 5. section 8 housing 6. free abortions for life ?

An example why NO foreigners should be hired for jobs like this!!!!!!

Wonder when we humans will start working as one?

This chit happens when a dumb muzlum kenyan flies around in AF1 all day long

Political correctness out of hand.

Dumb and Dumber.  Here we go again!we have so may highly intellegent US workers out of jobs so why are we hiring foreign nationals to work.They should give Mr.wax on wax off prison time,he will be one little asian prison #$%$ for someone  seeeewww  weeeeee

Well, technically he is not committing treason at all, since he is not a US citizen, but Chinese... so he didn't commit treason, but otherwise readily supported his country by providing all information the US exposed him too...The first question should be: how comes the US hired a foreigner to work in such an environment where he could have access to any sensitive information in the first place...?And the second question of course would be: how comes the US already had a report that the guy had taken a laptop carrying sensitive information to China, yet took no action on that regard, but even allowed him to access further sensitive information and leak it...?In fact the guy shouldn't stand any trial at all: what for? for doing what it was more than evident he was going to do in the first place? those US contractors who hired him are the ones that should face trial for high treason...

Why in God's Name was a Chinese national employed at NASA, anyway?Does anyone still doubt that the Bolshevik-in-Chief and his communist administration are attempting to destroy the national security of the United States?

Mr. Bo Jiang-o, shame on you, now dance for me.

In the Country, I was born in, AMERICA 1957, this kind of problem would not be tolerated.. If it was found out , there would be a swift resolve to the incident...With this president's administration, this type of security breech is a common occurrence . From what I hear NASA permitted him to take sensitive material , to China , so he could work at home. This is INSANITY !!!  I'm saying that if this type of behavier continues much longer, this Nation will GO DOWN ! !

No one at NASA saw the possibility of a Chinese national working as a contractor and exporting sensitive information?I am not the smartest guy in the world. Hell, I only have a B.A. in English. But what Einstein at NASA felt the need to hire a Chinese as opposed to an American?You guys are amazing.Amazing I tell ya!

And here is ANOTHER ONE !!!!!!!  The chinese are stealing so much technology from the U.S. it looks like water running through a sieve!!!!!!!!!!Hang this stinking pig!!!!!!!!

Theft of virtal nation secrets is easy when we not only leave the doors open, but bring them in, and give them keys and access to the information.  The caliber of leadership of govermental programs and departments in America is beyond disgraceful.  Gotta be serious brain damage resulting from all the cocaine used by goverment employees in the 1980's.

How can that be. Chinese  don't have brains, they don't know how use their mouths, they only know how to  greedy make chop suey and wash underwear

So this guy didn't work for NASA but work for the National Institute of Aerospace.  Okay, let's ask the head of NIA what the heck is going on.Good job getting him before he left, now throw the book at him.

That sure makes you pro-immigration now doesn't it!!  Why do we allow stupid people to control important things?

he should have listened to Oblamo it was a clear message that NASA was supposed to promote Muslim out reach for space projects.

This is the result of what happens when thorough background checks aren't done, as required, by government sub contractors...If only this one was caught, think how many have actually made it back to China and NOT been caught? Kinda scary when you think about it...

This fool looks faaaaaaaaaded

In the engineering world no one trusts the Chinese.

They probably want to work in a factory making model rockets

Another Chinese thief. Do not buy Chinese made. Buy American made.

Close the doors no one in and every illegal OUT!Lock it this time for Gods sake..build stuff here, work here, stay here, live here,,, we need NO ONE!

Who ever hired this person should be fired.never trust the  chinese ......

Cut off his balls and arrest the idiot who hired him for the job.

what do you expect he is from China he will do what it takes to make china strong

they are going to run your health care system   ha ha ha

Is the US going to learn that there seems to be a problem with  Chinese national  even if their US citizens having strong loyalty to china then the US?

Free Tibet!

You know this guy is a national hero in China!

The security everywhere in our country sucks!!

O.K., why is this under SPACE AND ASTRONOMY???

Who's blame here, the thief that got invited or the idiot that invited him?Smuggering electronics out of the US is easily done. For example, just buy a big laptop, pull out all unneeded parts so it boots up screen, fill empty space with smuggled electronics. Better yet, just legally mail it out as part of a larger common machine parts that has electronics, e.g., a Caterpilla Bull Dozer. It's too easy to be caught and i wonder why it was not already done. Chinese need to learn more about smuggling from US's drug dealers if they want to spy on hardware.

Please get some common people to run our government in every way as they might just bring" common sense" with them. So discouraging. We have our own best reality tv show and it is called Washington except it is real and not funny.

its that damn OBAMA'S fault.

Waterboard!

Those talking about treason dont' know what treason means. It would be espionage. He is a Chinese national. Treason would only apply to an American citizen.

Yep another illegal alien over here taking jobs that you and I could never have.  If I was fortunate enough to work where he did, I would be so grateful and thankful that I am a true American, that I would be devoted to the U.S. Government forever.   Yet these people come over here and take our jobs and take our advanced technology back to Communist Red China to be used against us.  Sad.

Let heem go , hee is inosent stuudente with deectioneree in hees puckett.

The Chinese are a bunch of pirates and criminals. 20 years ago it was copyright infringement of music and movies. Now they are stealing our highest technology and hacking into our banks.

Glad to see we have the correct procedures in place to make sure foreign nationals are properly vetted, oops thats right we don't. We better get all the information we can from this spy.

Sounds like a Sting operation....This story reminds me of the heartfelt story about the dad stuck in china and how his poor daughter misses him.

They need him to trade for another Asian American Engineer that stuck in China.....

they seriously hire Chinese nationals? You have to absolutely expect to get robbed. So let the guy go.

Corporate America has no interest in preserving so called American values.  They care only about profit.  They are eager and willing to give our way of life away if they are able to do business in China. China may be friends with corporate America but they are not the friends of every day Americans.

thru subcontracters they can use anyone they want no background checks etc are required..to work at nasa u get run thru it but as a sub...nada......im shocked our government doesnt understand that people lie...oh yeah , they do it pretty well...just the same a chinese nationalist stealing secrets he should not have access too...heres my shocked face...:O...i swear our entire government is full of idiots, how do you not continuously keep tight reigns on the entry and citizenship process?...afraid of a few lawyers? well kill em like you do enemies of the state and take our country back dammitt!

He is a part of Chinese clandestine spies and robbed the US military of sensitive technology. China are really the # 1 thieves of US technology. But this is the fault of US administration that still continue to employ such communist nationals. TRAITOR IN ALL ASPECTS.

close the borders

mccarthy witch hunt?

National security! U.S.A, as a ring leader of Anglo Empire spend away nearly one trillion dollars yearly on (so-called) defense &amp; security related matters; spying &amp; surveillancing every square mile on earth, eavesdropping every radio transmission call 24/7. Native American people, the rightful owners of American Continent, where USA&amp;Canada alone is plundering more oil than SaudiArabia&amp;Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as native people remain poorest citizens on their own land.Before Europeans came,Native population in North&amp;South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population at 30 million and Europeans at 1 BILLION! [Google 'sicko uncle Sam' to read at forum]

Unfair game play twice.Are these not the same people who put dangerous ingredients in pet food and their own kids milk?

BOYCOTT CHINESE.

Why they hire Chinese from the beginning? Especially on those top secrete field? and he's not even a naturalized citizen yet? Be vigilant

Not treason.   SPY!     Chinese  National........   DUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!    SPY! PERIOD!

i never once imagined, that the day would come when i detest the whole idea of i being made to look like a genius, but these guys in "decision-making" positions in the US, are making me blush to the point of embarrasment. Really. I am absolutely certain, i would do a much better job than what they are doing.  It's no wonder, China looks at the US like a puppet. Whoever employ Chinese nationals (and others from problematic countries) in sensitive areas of the US machinery, should be sent to prison for treason.

But you have to be a citizen to work for the city just to pick garbage on the interstate freeways and highways and clean toilets.

Chineese are here to study and work for Goverenment and NASA for one purpose only- Steal Information and technology to send back to China.Wake UP world...

stand him up against a wall and shoot him.

Never trust the Chinese to work in our Gov't!

I've seen this before; civil service jobs contracted out, new hires  allowed to work during theirsecurity clearance background checks performed, and 3 to 6 months later dismissed for failing security checkswhat are we coming to,trust the chinese and russians i wish ronald reagan was still our president,he looked out for this country and its citizens,no wonder cyber attacks happen they work atnasa,and probably other top secret places\

And how in the hell did this zipper-head, who is not an American citizen, get access to sensitive information?  Are you effing sh$tting me?

Why in the hell are they hiring foreign nationals to work for departments and/or agencies that do sensitive research and/or work?

This is treason! If we don't even have the balls to enforce the One law that makes people think twice about betraying America, what is gonna stop them? This country is going down the $#%!-er...

why in the hell would our stupid government allow chinese to work for Nasa,the guy who allowed this should be arrested also...its like having the fox guard the hen house

My kittens breath smells like tuna fish.

What next? A muslim from Iran working for the American Secretary of Defense caught spying for lIran?  Chinese nationals should not work for the Federal  government at any time or any position anywhere. PERIOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

its so hard for a patriotic american to get a clearance yet we seem to give them willingly to chinese nationals and we wonder why china is catching up in military tech. it seems to be pretty easy for these foreign nationals to get clearance and then leave country they are laughing at how stupid we have become this would seem to be a common sense issue but we have apparently lost any form of common sense. shoot him treason

Yes a Chinese citizen in the upper echelons of sensitive defense technology, yet US Veterans wait years to get a security clearance to work in a military base as a dishwasher!  Because the 14 intel agencies are sharing data to evaluate their loyalty &amp; risks of dishwashing in a US base in Djibouti!

Its not treason idiots.  To commit treason against America, you have to first be American.  This is called espionage.  NHFTHRNOBODY ran a BACKGROUND CHECK ON THIS ILLEGAL ALIEN.... go figure.

This is how our Gov. works, give all the sensitive jobs to our so called enemies and tell  the American people that our Gov. works for us. Yea right china sucks,Israel sucks, they put Americans in jail for telling America the truth about the profit wars and these two As**wipes of the world get away with muder

Previously???? More than once would INDICATE HE"S a SPY.......WAKE UP AMERICA

Chinese, Russians, middle eastern radicals are the enemy of the usa can we leave the Mexican off the list

Hang him by the b@lls. And let the #$%$ see it.

why was he there from the start,what idiot gave him the clearance?

Dennis Rodman had smuggle him in.

It don't matter, Obama will tell the FBI that due to budget cuts and the sequester, they should just let him go.  Just watch and see.  He's in bed with the Chinese!

Strap dynamite to the fellow and blow him up in the PEKING airport. Tee hee hee.

can you say firing squad#$%$ spy

No Trust the Chinese.The Chinese no trust the Chinese.Why we trust the Chinese who no trust the Chinese?You likey how I writey in Chinese speaky?

Your government is infested with commies starting at the black house your country is going going gone thank you brainless morons who voted for this fraud dont cry when they run you into a shithole

Only in the USA  do  we  have the freedom to be so stupid in our hiring process.......  ;)

I thought NASA's Prime Directive was "for the good of all mankind" isn't China part of that?SHUT DOWN NASA!

It isnt Treason.  He was a Chinese National so at best it was spying.  Treason would be a US citizen spying for a foreign government.  Spys are not executed, would you want our spies executed in another country ?

So CHINESE man who worked NASA and found out NASA is BROKE and wants to FLEE his job and got arrested?NUTJOB...

If the daily treason of our own business &amp; political figures cannot be enforced then how can you expect them to identify foreign traitors.

Keep in mind all those pregnant Chinese mothers that paid to give birth in the United States so they can have US citizenship.

What was a Chinese national doing working around sensitive material?This is not the frist time this is happening they just invent and give it to China with two hands. what is the security measures of these offices, don't they use the most basic user segregation method; key and password. and what do they think when he leaves carrying all those items. I say it is time congress should go to make a low against these organizations that do not protect inventions creations and other industry secrect data softwares. How much is too much, we heard about this hurting carelessness too many times, no it shouldn't be excusable by the authorities, to these authorities who allowed these stealing acts no body should give them even a job to look after cattle, right now there should be a way to punish them publicly so that other sleepers wake up.

When do we learn...?

To clarify:If the person harming the United States is an American citizen, then they are a "traitor".If the person harming the United States is a foreigner the correct term is "Enemy Alien".You know, like Barry "Drone Strikes on Americans" Obama.

Getting slap on his hand china has all the technology and stocks in America already so whats the problem did he forget to pay taxes on the millions he made from the #$%$ coming out of NASA.

I knew a man Bo Jiang les and he spied for Hu...

are you really suprised? our govt has been out of control for many yrs we are doomed its just a matter of time

I just love those Chinese! They're so f******king awesome! They're everywhere.

No big surprise since NASA has cooperated with China since 2006.  The first result for google image search under NASA CHINA shows this.

I'm a Conservative Republican. Treason is treason. Line the son of a beech up agianst an effing wall &amp; SHOOT HIM TO DEATH via firing squad!  We Republicans know what to do..Republicanism forever !Eat dirty poo ye Liberal Scourge !

I am a white, American mechanical engineer.  I cannot land a freaking entry level position since 2008.  I had good grades and I interview well.  Bad HR people and decisions on minorities are keeping me from making a difference.....makes me sadHe should have shot them! China needs to do the same thing and start rounding up the garbage stealing secrets and classified material!

Chicom nationals should always be suspected of spying. Unfortunately there are too may of them here for the FBI to keep an eye on each of them. Most of them, sent by their government, come to study and continue after that. Their allegiance is to their government and to China.

Speaking of Stupid Government Decisions, Happy 2.5 Trillion dollars and nearly 5000 American dead in Iraq day! Shock and P'shaw indeed!

here's something to ponder...if iran or Iraq or north korea, did the amount of espionage against us that china does, we'd already have boots on the ground.

here's an easy fix.  quit hiring them.

What would the penalty be for a US citizen in the reverse situation in China? A slap on the hand? I think not

a laptop containing sensatve information.  Doesn't anybody keep track of inventory.

I met a man in a cell in New Orleans....his name was Bo Jiang...

espionage? spy? traitor? Treason?

He may be selling Doc.'s to China...$$$$does  anyone remember the days wwhen the big rd bogeyman was the enemy. how many lives, moneyhas been lost. they are still communist. why is it that most of the money men at the top end of stealing from medicare and medicade are most often from the sounds of their surnames come from india, pakistan, cuba  or the middle east. they must think they have died and gone to heaven.

NUKE CHINA!

SO MUCH RACISM&gt; WE ARE ALL THE SAME HUMAN!

We need to pass legislation to require background checks on people before they are hired and then profile against and not hire those who are not good citizens and fail them.... &lt;sarcasim&gt;

"had previously taken a NASA laptop to China that contained sensitive information" and he is still out of jail? The biggest and first mistake is employing such types at NASA. They should all be kicked back where they came from. If they will be left to stay, they should only be in the laundry business!

How many military hardware has been develop by China with stolen design from US where it has been passed to chinese military that's because they still employing those flat face apes in their sensitive facilities.They are being duped and paid in millions of dollars just to steal secrets of US tech.

NASA never learns!

NASA = National Association of Stupid Agents!

NASA are parasites.  Always were and always will be.

Folks, calm down! Instead of reacting in a knee-jerk fashion know the facts first. He was not a NASA employee, he was a contractor. NASA has a shortfall of thousands of skilled rocket scientists - countries like India and China supply them to NASA - as contractors NOT employees. Why? Because not many Americans are smart enough to work for NASA. Contractors still have plenty of restrictions. Without knowing the facts, people on Yahoo are ready to act as judge, jury and executioners. Not fair. I'm not condoning this behavior by this contractor but at the same time not willing to accept this as treason.Source: Myself. Having worked at NASA for 8 years as a foreign national with a Ph.D in Aerospace Enngr. Now a US National.Typical government worker.

lying is a crime under usa law.#$%$!!!a weak and fragile regime govt.authoritarian regime

Shouldn't everyone in your government be arrested for illegal arms export. You've armed half the evil dictators in the world for 100 years now. Saddam Husein, the Shah of Iran, Batista in Cuba, Manuel Noriega...