Expect more companies to follow in similar fashion

About 40 years ago John Prine wrote a song called 'Muhlenburg County' in which he sings about Peabody. Shifty then, shifty now.

the CEO of Peabody donated 2 million dollars to the Democratic National Commitee...hows that working out for you...???

maybe they should take their protest to the white house and the EPA.

jut like a coal co after a person has worked their life away for them

Well, Obama promised to put coal out of business. What did these people think would happen when they voted him in???

Interesting how government can shut down whole industries in one move and coldly look at it as the past. Not Green, Not Good they think. Not even considering the families who spent their lives working for them. For those losing jobs, where's their green job that replaces the old shutdown job? Huh government EPA? Huh White House?

How do you thugs like Obama NOW?

Welcome to EPA, Obama and the new real world.

Coal is phasing out.......finally.....change is pain......no pain no gain."....or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances."archives.gov/exhibits/charters/bill_of_rights_transcript.html"The beauty of the second amendment is that you won't need it until they try and take it."The Bill of RightsAmendment ICongress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.

@Bubba,You're not very smart are you? It's not about healthcare for everyone, it's about insurance co. profits and more taxes.

Obama Care what a scam !

A  deal is a deal. Whether you are private or public if you made the deal follow through otherwise we are no better than the banana republics we constantly over throw.

Since Obama has driven the coal industry out of business with his ridiculous EPA, maybe the Federal government should honor the company's pension and healthcare commitments.  If only this bozo would get out of the way of business, this economy would be chugging right along and we wouldn't be talking about the government running companies out of business!

UH, if they CAN'T AFFORD IT then they CAN'T AFFORD IT! Here is an idea, FIRE the 4000 workers, TELL them they are FIRED BECAUSE they have to PAY the 2000 outside PROTESTING! Then sit back and watch the #$%$ WHIPPING IN THE STREETS!

They should apply for 0bama care. After all  since the unions supported him they should be eager to enroll in his signature plan

What else would a union say????

How do you suppose the postests worked out for the folks at Hostess?  Yeah, no jobs, no nothing.  When will people learn that unions are nothing but greed machines.  Union leaders fight to save their own pay obtained through dues.  They don't really care about the masses.

"Ill tax the coal industry into bankruptcy"---Barak Obama, 2008 campaign. Elections have consequences.Listen to the union libs cry and Obama caused it.. LMAO

They are protesting at the wrong place.  Should be at the White House.  If it were not for Obama's greed for power and total control of our lives things would have been fine.

This is Corp[orate Greed hitting the workers hard.  While natural Gas is cheaper than coal presently coal will come back as Nat Gas rises in price.

Just the beginnings of Right to Work coming to a theater near you!

TYPICAL DEMOCRATIC COMPANY! STRANGE how Democrats ALWAYS ASSUME that it is a REPUBLICAN COMPANY that SCREWS the UNION EMPLOYEES! It is most OFTEN a Democratic company!

Obama made them broke, he said coal was dirty.

Obama is like a God as every time a catastrophy arises it's his fault.  Where were these people when "W" got the US into Iraq and his VP outed a CIA agent because her husband told the truth?   Over 4200 US lives lost and countless injuries incurred, not to mention a war torn country left for the tax payers to rebuild.

Fire all those postal workers as well

Understand broke yet...??.....All you union MF's will soon enough !

This is only the tip of the iceberg....Just wait and see when allof Obamaism Care kicks inRipple effect of the Chevy Volt not selling. No electric cars, no need for coal to make electricity. On top of that, Obama told them coal was a dirty fuel. Great job Democrats.

let's see, There's obamacare, union workers gave HUGE support to obama TWICE, but now they want to complain about being moved into obamacare??  lmao ,,suffer you fools suffer

Unions sure get you benefits dont they :)

Well, if the republicans have their way, there are only a few people in this country that will have medical coverage or insurance; and that would be.....Yep, you got it, the republicans.  They figure the rest of us can just rot in hell.  Well times, they are a changing... and the GOP will soon be relegated to the dust bin of history.  Praise the Lord!

Arrested for sitting on the street?  That seems a little harsh.

They got 4000 people working and they got no money? #$%$, just more corporate greed.Find the owners and shove some coal up their #$%$.

Obama got benefits, guess he had a better union. One not equal to yours. Oh well, you chumps voted for him.

are you guy nuts  , no taxes for big corps and 10$ hr wages, this is 2013 our  wages should be 25$ hour you right wig  idiot,  and you  dont believe in global warming, just go pis in your rivers and drink from them xxx