So much better than American Idol. The judges actually show what they're made of. Great teachers and great talent.

The voice kicks Idols butt! Why?  Better judges that actually are STARS&gt;&gt;&gt;Better format, better singers singing upbeat songs and not putting us to sleep with these mopey balads, the judges when dismissing a singer do not try and embarass and ridicule them, and they actually have good advice for them...They do not waste our time with freaks, geeks circus clowns and bad singers who make a mockery of themselves for our entertainment.  If I want to watch that kind of nonsense I will watch the Kartrashians!!Or Lindsey Lohans latest escapades on TMZ.  Let the singing begin!!  Good luck Usher and Shakira.

I love the Voice!  Hope it doesn't go downhill with different judges.

Glad Aguileria is gone.

Love The Voice, best singing show on TV. I can't wait!

American Idol can learn from the voice, I stopped watching American Idol after hearing the same old boring songs.  If I hear that "heard through the grapevine" song again my head will explode.  The voice uses all the new songs to keep it fresh.  Adam and Blake make the show what it is, hope the new judges will add to the show too.

Come on Ol' Blake, Bring it home again this year! You all' know without the unpredictable and funny Blake it wouldn't be the show it is.

I actually like this show. Been watching since the 2nd season.

I like Ceelo and Christina but I think Shakira and Usher will bring something new to the table. It is without a doubt the best singing competition on TV. Idol went to hell when Simon left and his XFactor isn't doing much better than Idol. These 2 shows just absolutely chose the wrong judges to pick talent. They were lucky to have Tate Stevens audition for them last year because I think he would have been a better pick for the Voice and Blake.

Leno is beginning to look like a genius at NBC.  NBC has had many shows go to the scrap heap by oversaturation like The Weakest Link, Deal or No Deal and  etc they want to do the same thing to The Voice and its ratings! Leno is right about snakes at NBC.Maby this year will be better after bringing two new judges. Last year the whole season sucked. The ONLY good season they had was when the had Xenia, Beverly, Casey Weston, &amp; several more to be named. Other than that, Its just been a bunch of wishful thinking.

I have to disagree with tje judges

Plz don't ruin this great show by over-exposure.  It usually kills a good show...more is not necessarily good.

Love the Voice. Been watching from the start.

love this show

I loved the voice but will hold off until i see how the 2 new judges are. Adam and Blake...2 great judges.

great..adding shakira and usher is just trashing up the show again....thought they got rid of ther trash...sheesh...probably won't watch this nonsense

I can't wait to see Shakira.

I have to disagree with the person who claims that the judges are better on "The Voice" than "A-Idol." When the judges on "The Voice" give their opinion after every performance, its always like a mother telling her child that he/she can sing, when everyone else strongly disagrees. American Idol does give some strong criticism &amp; thats something that I have yet to see on The Voice.

Like others/The Voice is terrific and beats Idol by far..................I already felt like last season drug out too long.  And now they're extending it?  Jeez.

What a bunch of #$%$! I'm deleting NBC from my remote!!! These reality shows are going to put TV out of business. Some starry-eyed wannabe make think their wonderful, but there is nothing REAL about these scripted wastes of time! Are they going to start borrowing Matt Lauer to host some of them? Or Savannah Guthrie? Are they so broke they have to pull someone out of their other shows, in order to have one? People would be better off to take a nap, than to watch the stuff that comes on TV!

I LUV this show.. This show is NOTHING like Idol. First of all, they do not have Judges, they have Coaches !!  Second, you have to be invited to Auditon, so they actually find people who can sing. The blind Auditions are truly that, the coaches do not see who is singing and turn for the people they like.. When more then one coach turns, the battle begins and hilarious banter ensues. As the season progresses, and the teams are set, each coach brings in a Big name advisor to help the singers.. There are special  performances throughout the season, especially towards the end. GREAT show

Love the show, can't wait for it to start. Adam and Blake are both HOT!!!!!!

i am very excited to see usher as a judge. great talent and he will be able to share his knowledge with singers that are trying to become great singers in his genre.

The only thing I'll miss about Christina will be the quips between her and Adam.  :)

I gonna miss seeing Christina's  pumkin butt and tig ole bitties.

All of these shows are interchangeable and about 6 years past their time. We've heard all the yodeling and all the same comments from the judges.

The Voice is the best live show that I've seen, kicks butt out of Idol, which sucks, watched that #$%$ one year and that was in 2004 never watched again!

i love shakiraWhy do they make these reality shows SO long!  There were a few that I used to watch (Biggest Loser, Project Runway), but deserted when they went to 2-hour formats.  There is just not enough you can do to make 2 hours of something like that A WEEK worthwhile!

Now see this is wheree these reallity tv goes wrong. They fill them with commurcials.  this is why i am not a fan of idol anymore. Commericals slows down the pase of the show. It dont keep you on pins and needles. It gives you the chance to change the channel.  and if you really want to know what happen the media  will tell you the next day.. And utuble run the video, and hulu reruns the show if thats now enough,  seee where i am going. The best thing of all is the remote control. You dont have to get up to change the channel.

I Just Hope It Doesn't "Suck" Like American Idol!!!!! Good Luck Guys!

#$%$ show...and they're adding more to it?

never watched it...

Interesting that The Voice likes the 3 guys 1 gal formatGreat show

Call it the "shut up" and cancel it