Well ,at least he knows that it's easy to start a war but quite difficult to finish it.

Right now we need peace and tranquility between Japan and China.   A blowup over a couple of rocks in the vast Pacific ocean makes no sense at all, and must be diplomatically avoided.

"Since we have enjoyed peace for quite a long time, many young people do not know what a war is like. It is actually very cruel and costly."

It takes a bigger man to admit when something is wrong and work to fix it than to go to battle. Any coward with a gun can kill someone.

This is refreashing and a bit more positive news from China. The proof will be in the actions.

Xi seems to be a level headed leader from what I have seen in the news regarding his rule of China. Hopefully he will have the wisdom to work around violent solutions to many of the problems surrounding his nation including this one and the NK situation.

The US has a defense treaty with Japan. China does not want a war with Japan AND the US. Thank God for small favors because I am tired of paying for wars for a while,both in blood and treasure.Semper Fi.

It's always about natural resources. Countries kill for it.

Don't trust China, Japan. Since US fracking technology proves too costly for China to produce natural gas they are after your "flammable ice" technology.

Wow so much BS wriiting here...  "The United States and Japan are afraid we are catching up to them and will do anything to contain China's development," he said. "We must not be fooled."Here you have it...Finally, someone with a brain in China speaking out.

I get all my misinformation by reading posts on the internet, and today is no exception.

Does Rodman know about this?

That's right, Eleven, the Imperial forces would kick Celestial keester all over Asia, like in '37.  And 1895, for that matter.

When is Rodmans trip to China?

everybody wents to rule the world

Does Rodman think we need to do anything about this?

Worried about friction with Japan...but ignoring the Korean crisis. Go figure.

Maybe these two countries could cooperate and share the resources 50/50. It would be a very good thing for 2 countries to say: Ok, lets work together and share this gem!

You have to admit, they do look so cute in their nifty little uniforms.Start  World War III and we can all go to Hell.  Better buy Rosetta Stone.  Since the people will have no say when it starts, let's just declare a World Wide Strike and go on Vacation/ Holiday!!!   All praise the "leaders"!!  Don't go to work.    Party hardy!  Why waste time when everyone can trust our "leaders"?

We need Dennis Rodman ASAP !!!

Review President Xi Jinping's past before agree to sit down and talk, Japan. He is a knife with 2 blades, and both of them are very sharp.

Exactly, war is no solution, to anybody, just read the article about the cost, (1.9 trillion ??) resulted with the invasion of Iraq. I wrote 6 months ago that China and Japan wouldn't risk their economies, in a senseless conflict. Is not like them. Both countries have shown over the years that they have their priorities straigth.

They are realizing that their strong economy is more important than some isolated rock outcrops in the middle of the sea.

Wow, I didn't expect the shift in old political standards, especially from China.  Amid the speculations of our future relations with N. Korea, and Iran, this is welcome news.

Even best friends will fight over a good fishing spot. It will be O.K.

As ever, these articles tend to omit the actual facts and history regarding the disputed territories. While portraying China as having been "hawkish" one would do well to research the disputed territories before trying to climb onto any "high-horse".In 1895, Japan took DiaoYuTai from China and DokDo from Korea at gunpoint. After the second world war, Japan signed the Potsdam accords which stipulated that any territory taken after 1894 should be returned. Japan has refused to honor their contract, and disputes for these islands have been ongoing since. In the 1970s, all claimants reached a mutual agreement stating that NO SINGLE PARTY WOULD TAKE UNILATERAL ACTION ON THE DISPUTED TERRITORY. Japan has again reneged on an agreement that it made in (alleged) good faith, has arrested protesters from Hong Kong, turned water cannons on the protesters from Taiwan, and used their military to unilaterally lay claim to islands that are still clearly in dispute.While the USA continues to support Japan due purely to political expedience, this issue is being sold as if the Japanese had some form of moral highground. It does not.One can wish Xi good luck on trying to convert Abe's Hawkishness to a sense of reason, but thus far, Japan is the one that has been continually walking away from the negotiating table and Abe has constantly been unwilling to admit that Japan's actions during the second world war were ever anything more than a sightseeing tour of the region. Considering that level of aggressive delusion, Xi certainly has his work cut out for him, but it is good to know that at least one side (however portrayed by the western media) can still act reasonably.

love war hate peace

China's newly elected President. Xi Jinping wants to start right in its relationship with Japan but will Japan reciprocate by rescinding the cause of what started the  crisis?  Thiis simple move could restart  better  relationship with China.China is offering a peaceful solution, give them what they want and there will be peace. Simple.

Good, there needn't be a war over something so trivial. I doubt many people in either of the countries even know where the islands are.

China can afford patience. This time the advantage is on their side. And in case of war at least we can be certain they will not rape women like Japanese criminals did during IIWW.

China &amp; Japan will hopefully negotiate a fair "split" of their Oil and Gas resources in the South China Sea, instead of fighting over it.  Western Big Oil companies pushed the USA into war over access to Iraq's oil resources, and we wasted over $2.2 Trillion and thousands of lives.

Very wise moves by two great nations.

Very pretty words. I hope all the speakers are serious and dependable.  :)

I am sure that China and Japan could resolve this issue peacefully, if the US butts out.

aw, I schmel shomting fwishy

Greed, greed, greed, greed, greed.

USA would never allow Japan and China be friends.China has patience that is the key for victory.  China uses soft power to win the heart of people.  US uses military force to win the hate of people.

great grandfather still remembers the time when his family had run when they saw the Japanese come. The Japanese soldiers wiped out village after village. In the end, they killed tens of thousands of people. The Chinese will never forget. As long as there are people who think that the genocide in China never happened, China and Japan will never be friends.

WWII it was about land grab for Japan... China is right! The Islands belong to them. As the Forlkand Island belong to Argentina. The onlt difference is Argentina hasn't built up their might!

Japan already had their way with them once...

I really like this new President Xi!

In the next decade China must engage in some sort of conflict domestic or region to stabilize the growth of population and down turn economy.

we protected china against japan in WWII why the change in sides now

China, Russia, Iran, North Korea, &amp; rogue hodji elements vs. Japan, South Korea, U.S. U.K. France Germany, &amp; Israel   hmmm  war bonds, food lines,  gas rations &amp; mass hysteria.   Less than 1% is in our armed services.  Hopefully the rich suburban hipster kids in their skinny jeans will... Uh no wait, were screwed. They'll eventually  muster up the poor to do the heavy lifting. War is hell- may it be fought on the enemies soil.

I say instead of China being cool to japan, China should drop a couple of nukes on that craphole japan and finish what U.S. left off in 1945.

Pulling back the rook. An excellent move. He must have realized a pawn  would do. Bravo.Accidental conflict?

That is very grown-up of China.History: The island belonged to China. Japanese invaded China and tried to take everything, including the islands. They changed thier names to Senkaku.They rightfully belong to China. Obviously, China wants peace in taking a step forward to let all this go.

Just let the UK steal and claim the Islands they are good at stealing other countries Islands.

Who is this guy with the Roman numeral for eleven as his name?

Alright China!Didn't take US bait!Asia will slow down development for 50 years with war!That is what the US and the West were hoping for!

Have respect for both countries, that you clam these islands belong to you. Suggest, that you merger, same as in industry. China and Japan will togather as long good friends do, work that the islands belong to both of yourselves. Both countries will try run them as best as it will be possable, with funds and laws of China &amp; Japan, if conflicts arise, then special agreements will be made to please yourselves and the inhabitants.

"The United States and Japan are afraid we are catching up to them and will do anything to contain China's development," Not true. The US has encouraged China's rise to dominate the world stage through outsourcing.

Listen to the troops Xi. It's a no win deal.  Instead run a million guys over and sit them on the border of N. Korea. You just might get a little land after the smoke clears.

It's too bad the dough boy from North Korea isn't "being more restrained" while IT "figures out its relations with the US and it's foreign policy but then again he hasn't started to shave yet and isn't lending us trillions of dollars every year to keep our heads above water.

I think the article is wrong in Xi. Xi will not back down from the island dispute. To the Chinese, it is very clear Japan is trying to take the island disregarding WWII treaty to revert all land taken illegally. China is waiting to see the West, esp. US, although they do not want US to get involve, but if it come . China will be willing to fight US.China should not underestimate Japan.  If Japan turned loose all those millions of Emperor-worshipping fanatics, the sea between the nations would be filled with Japanese warriors swimming their way off to China to kick #$%$

The solution is simple. The islands should go to Taiwan. They are nowhere near Japan and were taken during agressive Japanese imperialism.

Chinese have there plates full with there own polluted country of free flowing dung in thedrinking water for starters.There breathing air thick with toxic debris and are there own worst enemy. They do not want another disaster via the Japanese samarai's.Bite the bullet China.

Perhaps China is a little more focused on N.Korea now.  Must keep their eyes on that little pumped-up Hitler.

Thanks XI.  You are a man of readon

This shows the difference between China and US.  I would rather prefer what China is doing than what US control freak mentality.  The world would be a much better place for everyone if China can play important role.

Japan needs to let their guard down.

Chinese method for birth controlNOFUCKY

A giant China. A smart Japan. good match to enjoy the show.

DON'T BE FOOLED Japan.....they just want you to go back to SLEEP, so you won't be READY...!!!50/50 Share and develope. Both Win.

Now,moving onto the business of our economic world wars!That we are winning with unfair trade practices and yen manipulation!

The IJA knew how to deal with these filthy Reds.

China.  Historically Japan has killed more Americans.

Interesting, this new guy does kinda seem somewhat more reasonable than the stereotypical CCP party leader. I wish him the best luck with all his reform plans. But, then again how successful could those really be when they're still clinging onto the old one party rules all system...

I sw Mao once.  He looks like wax from your ears.

This is laughable. The Japanese eat swine, they don't make friends with them. China does not want an all out war with Japan. They still have memories of their entire naval fleet being wiped out and Japan didn't even have to blink an eye.

I guess china finally noticed that Japan wasnt going to back down.

Any wars amongst any nations would become a pact of mututal destruction.  Strong nations will be weakened by wars.  Looks at Roman Empire, Greta Britain in WW@ and US from Iraq War.  This conflict between China and Japan will be no exception! Lots of collateral damages!

This is the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine.Why don't they just divide up the stupid islands amongst themselves?

China still wants the japan islands and the japan seas.. Not going to happen . It would be better if they shared it .

Too bad we don't have a leader that can make sense of things.

China is for peace, stability, and prosperity for China and the world.  US led Western nations are control freaks that are for world domination at the expenses of others.

Wow I am Impressed!!!!!!!!A leader That Thinks....

Okay Xi. China is already a MFN status with the USA. Do you really want to see North Korea nuking any American interests? So, please stop NK

This is not about the island.  This is about the Japanese genocide of China and Korea---that japan spun into---them being a victim of America because of the nuke.  They got nuked because they leveled entire chinese and korean cities, raped hundreds of thousands of chinese and korean women-----to DEATH.... KILLED 100,000 Chinese soldiers with mustard gas or whatever gas that was----and they have never paid a dime to the millions they slaughtered..... Because they turned a nuke they richly deserved getting...into a "cover" for the gutting of China and Korea.No gutting of China---then maybe no rise of communist China, No North and South Korean war....and no millions of millions of millions of orphans....that wound up making all of Asia impoverished.... China wants.....an "apology"  and to know that Japan is not going to "island hop" closer to them in the future.....that's it....  Japan is putting their want of land....over the fact that they deserved more than two nukes for what they did to China....and Korea...... But because America felt "bad" about the nuke, because scientists really didn't understand it's power when we dropped the damn thing----- Japan got off of facing up to the fact that Adolph Hitler believed that Caucasians were the master race----except===that the Japanese came so close to murderous effectiveness in Genocide---even Hitler a racist.....wanted the Japanese as an ally....Hey China and Korea....Americans who served in the Pacific theatre in WWII---saw what Japan did...and two nukes for what was done to you two.......was America being "nice."japan needs to apologize and act like they weren't, pound for pound---just #$%$ with a different tan of sorts.....  China and Korea was the Victim.... Japan deserved those nukes.

Why dont all of them just share it!.Bild a City on it might help with getting along!.

china want to cool row? stop trying to make rediculous claims on everything

Once China became strong enough to reclaim old territories on the Asian continent, they started doing so. Now, they are up against a nation that can and will stop them if they choose to go further.  Pushing minor territorial disputes to the point of military conflict would be very stupid. China must push for and accept some kind of arbitration over the disputed islands. There is no other recourse for them. Japan is not going to back down and it has the ability to defend itself. I suspect it would agree to a reasonable resolution that provides for mutual benefit.It's not a few pieces of rocks that china wants. Those rocks are an opening to allow china direct access to the pacific ocean. China is well aware of the us containment and it is trying hard to break out. It will use economics or military power to try to exert influences against the us asian allies. Its backing off at this point only means further more powerful disputes in the future when its more ready. Wait and see.

Good, we have had more than enough trouble over here in Japan the last couple of years.

Maybe Japan should have a full blown military again.

WOW! Those Chinese army dudes look like the copied US Army Class A's.

I see a parallel between China and Argentina, they both claim islands that were never theirs (Argentina claims is on the same land formation, China made up old stories and maps saying the islands were mentioned as part of their territory), the only difference is that Argentina made a disgusting (and illegal) attempt at taking them by forze and China hasn't... Maybe I should stop complaining about them, they have some intelligence after all...

Of course they're going to try to ease the tension they've engineered. Their actions already screwed japan out of billions and made their points loud and clear that they're a bunch of uncivilized psychopath if they don't  get their way.Now all the world need is for the republicans to come out and say their new priority is no longer trying to make Obama a one termer and work with the president and the democrats to help the country and the world move forward.

If a war starts up between Japan and China who isthe US going to back...China or Japan?

Western propaganda: Not not what it brain washes you, but also what it doesn't tell. Don't you know that Iran is pumping oil to Israel as it is being "sanctioned"; and China, Japan, and Korea are working on free trade agreement.

You better play nice cuz if North Korea starts some #$%$ you both will have you're hands full!!

China could care less about these or any other Islands unless oil is involved then it istheirs, ALL THEIRS?Americans bow to your debtors, do as we say,or else.

I hope that China will realize that the islands in the West Philippines Sea, the Spratlys, and the Scarborough Shoal are well within the UN recognized 200 mile EEZ of the Philippines.  Chinese adventurism in this area would create huge instability.

Let Japan ,s. Korea face china usa stay home for a while....

No country should be able to claim some rocks in the sea where (a) no one lives and (b) no one could live even if they wanted to.It is all about fishing and mineral rights. All this nationalist stuff is just phony.

The dirty red menace evil Chinese Government is not to be trusted, period.  These low life's sent a threatening congratulations to Pope Francis, "tha Vatican must sever its diplomatic missions to Taiwan", among other threats.  One of the heads of the Beast has revealed himself before the world, China, and the mainstream media gives it a small blip on the news radar, satanist!

Ahhhh if not mistaken, China you started the row over the Senkaku islands not Japan. So when it comes to maybe making peace, try backing down to your original position, Senkaku islands are Japanese. I bought 14 different maps of the China mainland and in every one of them the entire Chinese land profiles are highlighted all surrounding countries and islands not Chinese are duller and not highlighted. In all maps all purchased in 14 different cities in China, the Senkaku islands are not highlighted as not being part of China. Which by the way, in 2011 this was not an issue. Oh, but then the annoucement that there could be a wealth of oil and gas under the islands. Now it is an issue, wonder why ? ?

Japan deserves to have Xi's apology for China’s help the USA to defeat Japanese in WWII.

And they think Japan is scared?i dont believe it Japan is a very strong navy morethan China.

China starts war with Japan and the USA will back Japan, Russia will back china and everyone will have BIG mess to cleanup.  China just #$%$ that a small island country like  Japan has already kicked their "a''s""s' once and china wants a rematch badly to try out all the new military toys they have been buying.  China better tread lightly.  We have new toys as well and ours are not made with cheap Chinese garbage.

Chinazis need to calm down. I fear now they will be focusing on stealing territory from our other ally (philippines)CHINA SUCKS

The chinese military continues to impress me.

South korea elected first female president and such a positive news coming out of that region while there are not much positive news coming out of North Korea, China and Japan unfortunately. Why don't they focus on improving the life of their own citizens rather than  testing nuclear weapons and fighting about territory????  Why don't Japan help more about people who is still suffering from Fukushima nuclear disaster and improve the life of women that in the end leads to more children in Japan that is what Japan needs. I think there has been good news about Burma and South Korea but what happened to China, Japan and North korea????

China should just take over Japan, period.

I think I hear the refrain from one of my favorite "War" songs---"Why can't we be friends?"

Countdown to WW3...

An article about island disputes between China and Japan have been coming out regularly every 2 weeks for the past 2+ years now and I keep seeing the same words: "is believed to be rich in oil and gas." How long does it freak'n take to actually find out if that's true or not?!?!?! These reporters need to go the extra mile. I want numbers like how many barrels of oil or how much gas these islands contain.

"Since we have enjoyed peace for quite a long time, many young people do not know what a war is like. It is actually very cruel and costly."If there is any alternative way to solve the problem, there is no need to resort to the means of extreme violence for a solution."These are very wise words...

Im going to leave this one alone because if Washington is reading my posts Im going to be the next one on their subersive list.Yahoo said i earned a Award for my posts and my Goverment wouldnt find them flattering. All the things going on in the world all acting like bullies or little children fighting over toys and one brother blackmailing another. I wish Countries leaders would all grow up and start using some common sense because in the long run we all suffer for their actions.

China would be best served by continuing to develop economically, increasing the economic well-being of their people, investing in clean air and water, and funding research into new sources of energy and new methods of producing food. War is inefficient and counter-productive.China has the power to defend herself. When she has the power to enforce her will she will do so. Until then Lao Tsu and The Art of War are what is guiding their moves. Who is going to be able to or want to stop them?

On the contrary, I heard the opposite.

If without U.S's support then Japan means nothing to China. China's economy, population, lands and military&gt;Japan.

I cant help but notice, in that picture, they really ALL look alike, dont they.

That GADDAMMM IDIOT BUSH is 100% to Blame

China finally has smart people ruling the nation!

China: the country that specializes in genocide.  Well over 100+ million citizens butchered.  But just brush it off, as long as you get your cheap goods from Wal-Mart.

This is another #$%$ Western ignorance news coverage. China had already sought to "cool row" under the Hu administration, but USA's #1 Military Industrial COMPLEX lapdogs in East Asia (insisted upon the "purchase" and "nationalization" of the disputed islands that were taken from China back in 1895 by the Imperial Japanese, but then lost to the allies in 1945, then RE-GIFTED as some kind of Hiroshima-Nagasaki WMD-nuke attack against Japanese civilians apology compensation.............. and of course, for Right Wing Japan for being such obedient lapdogs to US hegemony.

Xi diplomatic stance is great news and a major step towards creating better relations between Japan and China.  The islands are absolutely not worth WW III.

This effort is bound to fail because there is no negotiating with the thug Japanese. They still haven't even payed for their crimes in Pearl Harbor!日本の黒い息子 and Andres thank you for showing the whole world here in yahoo comments exactly why Japan and China will never get along.  As for you 日本の黒い息子 how ever you want that to say.  If your American then have an American name for us Americans to pronounce.  The hell is that?  China hacks us and Japan bombed us.  I'm American you can both go to hell.

Reuter is making a big case just by a mild statement of a single general.  China did not make the case.  China wants to survey the island.  Who knows?

Conversely, China could be paving the way for Jxps to back down to save face.  The conflict gives China a good reason to expand their military power.

Don't buy what they're selling for a minute.

The writer of this article appears to be smoking something and it's not common tobacco cigarettes. "Xi's father, the late senior party official and revolutionary military commander Xi Zhongxun, was also purged but became a key leader of China's economic reforms after he was rehabilitated." &lt;---------- So this is now how they write that his father was "purged" and "rehabilitated" without recognition of just what that means to ChiComs and the rest of the world? Let me sum it up for you. He was "purged", meaning either executed or taken to a "reeducation camp", in this case the latter. (concentration camp with forced brainwashing indoctrination). After he is successfully brainwashed he's reintroduced into the ChiCom society as "rehabilitated". Economic reforms indicates that the "rehabilitated" was not as successful as the ChiComs would have desired.Further, ChiCom claims of war being a "last resort" only indicates that they are defining this as all is said and done and are now calling any military action as their "last resort" is what they now intend. It is not standing down from anything. Couple this with the ChiComs now fielding a Blue Water Navy with submarines, amphib's, and an Aircraft carrier and the handwriting is already on the wall. Get ready for it. It's coming.

China has enough land, Japan is seriously lacking land. Can't China just let go and let Japan have what is much needed for their people?

I think Chinese and Japanese look alike. Canadians and Americans do not go to war they do not fight even though they may have differences in opinions. Maybe Japanese government should not have bought the island and should have left the islands for the possession of the owners who are Japanese. Then this territorial disputed did not start. And the islands have been in the possession of Japan since the end of 19th century. So anyway it is the Japanese territory and China just want natural resources underneath the islands so they started claiming the islands. But that is wrong. I still do not understand why Japanese government bought the island. They must have had a good reason for it but I do not know. If anyone know please let me know.

The idea is welcome. Let peace reign.

Japan should build a faulty nuclear power plant on the islands then give it back to China.

The same general said that the reason of N. Korea developing nuclear bomb was to protect itself.  I don't see the author mentioned that.It's hard to decide between fried rice or sushi! Which would you prefer?

The chinese and japanese have a lot in common. For instance, I'll bet that they both like to eat rice.  That fact alone should be enough to bring them together in agreement.

Huh..?  China owns Japan and the US, as well...!

So, he doesn't want his million of  red troops to be buried under water.

Well done Xi. You passed the first test. Japan and US are orchestrating a trap to lure China to war. Have patience China, time is on your side.

China could send 1 billion peasants to inhabit the island and still have enough people to make our toys, tools, clothes....

The way to stop the fight over the islands is to bomb the islands until they are under water.

The only solution is for daddy (USA) to take over the islands and administer them. Set up our oil and gas companies there and we promise to give some measley jobs to both the Chinese and the Japs. That way its fair, we will hire cooks, laborers, janitors, waiters and waitresses, and prostitutes, equal from both sides, 50/50. That way its fair to everyone.

Xi a very savy leader.  He knows if China can keep up its current economic growth rate of 7.5% per year.  In less than 10 years Chinese economy will be twice as big as Japan's. Even if China keeps it militart spedning as a constant share of GDP, China will have more fire power than Japan.  When the right time comes, China does need to fire a single bullet and the disputed island will return to its rightful owner.

The Anglo-Saxons want a war between China and Japan so both countries could damage if not destroy their economies.  China will surpass the United States economy around 2016 and the gap will get worse for the US from that point on.The Anglo-Saxons cannot stand the fact that their economy, infrastructure, education, healthcare, standard of living, etc, are deteriorating tremendously and declining rapidly.  They are heavily in debt and their politicians kept lying to them not to worry even though they have no capability to pay it off.Let start the war then finish the ugly chinese, they want war any way.

I think Japan and china should build a soccer stadium on the islands and every year play a match to determine who gets the island that year and its resources. Both governments could help build the infrastructure and profits made from island would be split equally and donated to charities in china and Japan. The only perk is the winner hoists their flag up and changes the islands name. :D. This would turn fierce territorial dispute into friendly competition that would inspire deeper bonds between the two nations.

All over a bit of oil that wouldn't supply their countries for more than a year.

I have much better feelings towards Germans than Japs.  Except Germans' treatment of Jews in WWII, Japs were much worse and basically uncivilzed.  Even today, dealing with Japs is not easy, you never seem to know what they think.

Cooling off a dispute. Clever, these Chinese. Perhaps we can learn from them.Or, we can keep spending money on expensive military toys with short shelf-life and no application to our present situation.

By 2020, Japan and US would have fallen on their faces by attrition on their economies. Time is on China's side. Remember, China do not get to be #1 nation for 85% of its 6000 years history for nothing.

"The United States and Japan are afraid we are catching up to them and will do anything to contain China's development," he said. "We must not be fooled....Beijing planned to deploy a survey team to the islands, a move Tokyo would almost certainly resist"China will assert control of its Diaoyu Islands at its own time frame and not be framed into a war (by US and Japan) it has yet to plan to win overwhelmingly. When China re-annex Taiwan by 2020 via economic intertwined methods, those nearby Diaoyu Islands will see 6 Chinese aircraft carrier shooing those Japees dogs like cats in water.

'and whats fonzy like?''cool''thats right, keep cool'

Let's just give it to Switzerland. They haven't caused any problems in a long time. Issue settled.

Just a thought, DIVIDE the damn islands into two seperate regions. One for Japan, one for China!!There will not be a war in the near future. Without the backing of the US, #$%$ can't handle it.  If #$%$ starts anything, China will unleash N Korea to balance the power in the region. Then #$%$ will need to fight two fronts. Besides, Taiwan will scream murder because they claimed ownership of the island too. As far as Obama's back to Asia dream, is dying in the thin air because of budget cut in DC. If China starts the war, it is like they #$%$ in their own front door and cut off all ship traffic. Not only they can't ship out their product, but will have problem getting their much needed oil supplies.  Economy will died overnight, 30 years of hard work will be gone. Both countries threaten to go to war for political gain, because both countries are having new leaders. Did we see the protests against #$%$ in China died down fast? If was a political show. With the ongoing dispute over the ownership, nobody would invest, build or harvest any oil or even fishing from the region. No winner.

If there is an alternative way to solve the dispute, there is no need to resort to war. In the past  many many years, what Chinese people have learned from historic books, from movies,  from meida, from tv shows, from radio programs, from magzines, along with the respect, honnor, reputation, national pride, feelings etc involved, will make it impossible to  give up any inch of our territory to other countries. Nevertheless, Chinese people know that life is the most valuable and we are willing to make peace with anyone as long as they don't provokes the dispute.

The Chinese are so  dumb  and stupid, a financial war has been going on for years against China by the West and they don't have a clue. Just follow the media with non-stop of China bashing, day and night!

Glad to hear some good common sense and the reality of a war! Need a little bit more of that from the leaders in Washington but I guess when your corporate masters are makng billions from it your not suppose to say things like this.

Sushi   vs.   Fried    rice   .

Well three cheers for General Liu Yuan, when character and pragmatism trump temptation, it should, as Marilyn said, garner the respect of the world.

America is a joke and we said Iraq had W.M.D LoL wont go and fight the BIG THREAT N.klets pick on the small countries. And hoping they will stop   N.Korea

I really hope China and Japan work out this dispute over these islands.War between these two countries will bring nothing but more deaths plus starting a war just for some islands is just plain stupid.I know Japan tried to take over China and the chinese still have there hatred for the japanese but isn't better to have peace then war.Don't forget the japanese also attacked the US and now we are allies(might be becuz we dropped some bombs lol). The past can never be forgotten but it can be let go so you can strive for a better brighter future together.

Any clash with Japan will only bring hardship to China. If they thought three years of abandon growth from world reaction to Tiananmen was bad,, wait until they clash with Japan ot the Philippines!

China's main goal today and yesterday is DOMINATION at any expense, as wee seen in the early 60's when starving 10 of millions of Chinese to death in order to gain power! All this shows, China has not changed its forward look intothe future. Everyone must join together and deter this bs China keeps on its agenda.China seeks to cool row with Japan? how about in the Philippines? they dont sense danger in the philippines thats why they use force in the philippines spratly island deploying many many war ships against 1 tiny coast guard patrol boat 3 second hand small war ships.

It is good to see that more rational minds are being employed. Luo sounds like a Tea Party guy.

I wanna see them go to war, see who has the best ninjas.  a field where you see nooone, yet death is all over

japan strong and china to more people,no more war in the world

China and japan long time the islands ,needed diplomatically

glad ta hear that , also, aint heard #$%$ frm n Korea either  !!!!

I suggest that the media should not read too much into Liu Yuan’s softened expressions as a harbinger of a trending attenuation of China’s rightly strong stance towards Japan, particularly at a time when the Chinese leadership was just installed a few days ago, and also particularly when Japan’s hardline stance is getting even harder, to the point where it is challenging the triumph of the Allied Nations in WWII.On March 12, 2013, in a parliamentary meeting Prime Minister Abe came close to declare the judgments by the Far East International Military Tribunal – an equivalent of the Nuremberg Trials – to be invalid.  He said that the verdict of the war was not made by the Japanese; rather, it was made by the victors’ United Nations.Folks, what he was blatantly saying means threefold: (1) the verdict should not be made by any other party but Japan; (2) the judgments are the ransoms of the victors, and are not justly judgments; and (3) if the verdict is not arrived at by us (Japan), we (Japan) need not respect and obey it.  I wonder what the US would think about his challenge to the Allied victory, especially when the US was one of the triumphant nations, and took the leadership in drafting the unconditional surrender papers and signed on the USS Missouri.To this date Japan still denies its WWII aggressions and atrocities.  It says it is not invasion; it is liberation.  Every year it commemorates, in a high-profile style, the dropping of the 2 A-bombs, acting as if it had been a victim.  Its high-ranking officials as well as common citizens routinely worship in Yasukuni Shrine to ensure continuation of the militarism spirits, lest it should forget.  It never seriously reflects on its immoral use of biological and chemical warfare in China, and its forceful use of “comfort women” in both Korea and China.  It rewrites history books to mislead its school children.  It continues to hunt whale, despite worldwide condemnations and its enormous stockpile of whale meat enough for consumption for many years.What Germany has done after the war is an excellent yardstick to measure against Japan.  The curator of the Nuremberg Museum came out of his way to say that he is ashamed of all what Japan has done post WWII.

Diaoyu Islands have been part of China since the 13th century.China, take back the Diaoyu Islands that is being claimed by the mass murderer and looter, japan.Japan is playing victim. Shame on japan !

Yes, I'm much sure that Chinese Gov will eventually and cowally make their withdraw from the tension with Japan. Recall that if US did not have nuke by 1954, the world is probably way and way different look now! Chinese currently copy lots from US, but the Top Gun can only be real in US! Sorry Chinese people and their Gov's ambitious in making their revenge! Now they realize, it's much easier harrassing or hurt their little neighbors as Philiphine, Viet-Nam, Siam, Cambodia or so than taking their revenge to their ever nemesis, Japanese, than they dream!

Gaming the west as usual.The devil is certainly not happy at all.

I admire them for all their efforts.

China needs 2 things. A place to test drones, and a place to dump sick hogs. The hog thing would feed sharks. The drones are'nt cool .

My uncle had told me about this kind of incident with China just about 15 years ago where there is a dispute among the islands which they claim to be their ancestral right. Perhaps that is true that it does belong to them but then again, they should learn to coexist with its current inhabitants. I guess the incident with Vietnam in 1988 didn't change their minds. As for General Liu, I would have to say that he's spoken very wisely and hopefully it continues to remain that way. I wouldn't be surprised if he had fought in the Sino Vietnamese War of 1979 and telling those younger PLA soldiers that war is nothing to glorify about. I admire his efforts. A true and humble leader indeed.

Dont trust this bullies they're big liars.. Remember the China's nine dash lie...

Sounds like a wise man, his comments about the younger generation are correct. For those who haven't experienced war or lived through the aftermaths you really need to review the lessons taught to us by history. My grandfathers fought in wars and their stories were ones of hardship and sorrow.

Thats odd.... Look at Chinas military uniforms. They make nock off everything.one thing Chinese lack is creativity ( not all but most ). Seems like they wouldcopy the rest of the world and cut down on its pollution. General Liu yuan very wiseman .

Somethings up...the yellow man is a cool customer...dont be fooled by his smoke and mirrors...the Chinese gov is not Japan's friend nor the USA...wake up America...

The problem is there are far too many traitors in China who would luv to kiss US #$%$!

If US wants to fight on behalf of the Pearl Harbors aggressors, so be it. China should start dumping US Treasuries, NOW!  PRC, N Korea and Russia against Nippon and US, what a show! Does Obama had the guts? I doubt it.It's about time they drop the subject anyway. It was all just PR deflection to point domestic anger abroad....now that the government handover is "complete" they'll drop it and move on.

'N. Korea useful for US to increase Pacific region presence

The U.N. should open discution on this so that all the country can negociate a peacefull solution, all those country should benefit from the oil and gas deposit and everyone should get a fair share, i understand that China need huge amount of gas and oil to fuel the economy but in the end it's always company who drill for oil so that the company be from japan or china the oil and gas goes to the market anyway, sharing is always profitable for both, arguing and fighting is always costly.

What about parking that new air craft carrier off the Japanese coast? If the US can do it, why can't China?

Just how long have these islands been under dispute? Didn't the USA confiscate them after WW2 from Japan then gave them back to Japan in the 1970's?

pull the ships and open dialogue... share the wealth equally... end the disputes...

Good job china. I might even start buying china made products.

New series premier after Whale Wars.........Island Wars...........

great countrys take care of thier people,show the world what you are made of.

They are China's older military members; North Korea is China's military base.It is a good policy! China is a super power country just like Russia and the US, and for this Sake, must solve its problems with Japan peacefully and amicably and not to provide a chance for the US to intervene!

China is ONLY riding the coat tails of current issues between the Korea's. This should be ended imediately, US should take control of these islands 'for now' and figure out what to do with them later. For the meantime, China is using this opportunity as leverage and it needs to be stopped. Yesterday!

They must have figured out their real problem is on their border, not across the sea.

Perhaps China made an assessment about mineral deposit and oil and found nothing. So now is time for "peace".

The Chinese communist regime will collapse in less than 10 years when the housing bubble bursts there and the middle class loses all it's money to this scheme of building 20 "ghost cities" a year, which NOBODY lives in, just to keep 50 million construction workers employed and to sell these as investment to the middle class. When the #$%$ hits the fan there, it's gonna sting.

I'll talk to em and settle this.  Everybody loves my hat.  They cant stay mad cause they cant quit laffin.

they are just trying to avoid the world's backlash on them they will do it again, just like chinese were testing the water if somebody would care, beware they will continue to build their empire and go after the world.

Do you know why hungry Pig wants to cool down with Japan about ...????If not,Japan will help hungry Pig going back Mr Mao Zedong time.Mouth kung-fu superpower only.

Xi Jinping is a EVIL CCP COWARD!!!  XI is only good at MURDERING innocent Chinese.

We could learn so much from this new authority in China, I hope more wisdom like this continues in China, I wouldnt mind having them as a superpower if they did. Quoting what I mean.-"Since we have enjoyed peace for quite a long time, many young people do not know what a war is like. It is actually very cruel and costly."If there is any alternative way to solve the problem, there is no need to resort to the means of extreme violence for a solution.""The United States and Japan are afraid we are catching up to them and will do anything to contain China's development," he said. "We must not be fooled." - That last quote, its true that the U.S. and Japan are scared, every time Chian does something right ppl critisize and complain, but I dont think the U.S. or Japan would do anything to step on China's feet or vise versa.Xi Jinping is a COWARD!!!

Easy Solution:Physical Islands go to China.Japan invests 40% in resource development, and gets 40% of the gas/oil find.

Friken chin-chongs, just try it.

China is the bad boy, lets destroy china. We will support Japan 100%.  Japanese are trustworthy, do not trust chinese. Some day they will kill every single one of us in no time.

ahhaha that's right #$%$ chincs, u better back off. u wanted some action with japs but now u come to u senses cuz usa gonna #$%$ u up if u start shtz. i was actually hoping for some war but oh well.

China stinks like dead fish

Only dummy people believe china.

i like how asian governments talk with respect despite differances unlike americas government who speak with utter ignorance and ARROGANCE

This is known as "biding your time". China knows that if it wakes up the sleeping dog it will bite with a ferocity that will destroy all the fried rice in the heavenly kingdom. What if Japan surprised, "Peal Harbored" China's large cities? There would be total collapse. What's the point of controlling the sea lanes like the Europeans controlled Chinese rivers in the 19th century in their gunboats, if you can be taken out in 60 seconds? China needs to grow up and act responsibly if it wants to be taken seriously. If it's bellicosity paints it into a corner it becomes an easy target.

The Japonese should be allow to arm themselves to stop the chinese expansionism in that part of the world.Greed and corruption has been a priority amongst the rich government and corporate elitist's in China. I hope Xi Jinping and his supporters wake up to the fact they can't start a war over  resources they want to control. Japan was modernize a half century before China and China never disputed over the islands they claim historically belonged to them until now. You snooze you loose. Slow down China and realize you have a whole world that internationally are striving to be unified in World Trade and we believe in sharing the resources playing by rules agreed upon for every countries benefit. You have to follow them China. We don't play by your rules now because you are rich. We have principles of ethics where we respect one another. Chinese are becoming very selfish. In a supermarket there, if you are standing in line to have your produce weighed , a woman will jump right in front of you and put her vegetables on the scale. I learned to push them away ina gentle manner with mys houlder out of my way when I see these agressive ill mannered behavior.

Hey, when do you ask Japan to pay back the WWII damage???????

FREE TIBET...............and give China back to the Kuomintang.

Japan would kick their product stealing hacking #$%$ all the way back to China

Everyone is wrong. the Islands were Islands that no one inhabited or cared about they were just pieces of land in the ocean.  You know back in the day boundaries of nations were very ambiguous, and not clear cut like they are in modern times.  In 1890 when Japan claimed the islands, China couldn't of cared less, they didn't voice any opposition.  It wasn't like the Japanese forcefully took the Islands from China or any thing like that.   After world war 2.  when jurisdiction of the Islands was given to Japan, China may have voiced some opposition, but they didn't really care about it.  It wasn't until the Islands were found to have natural resources that the Chinese started to care.   In my mind too late!  And if the treaty after WW2 says the Islands were supposed to be returned to China, than it was the ROC, not the PRC so if anything the Islands should belong to Taiwan.  Because Taiwan is still the home of the ROC.  The PRC hasn't unified taiwan.

Chicken = Chinese

Let's let Tibet decide whether China has claim to the Islands.

were never Chinese island china just wants the oil  that is in the area just like there trying to say areas in Philippines is thers because oil is in that area  all about the money and countries use there military to take other  countries resources

Too bad the leaders of japan don't have this wisdom.

Japan does own Senkaku islands.Donkeys can sail around for enjoying but ....do not set their legs on ...,please.Xi Jinping is a COWARD!!!

Good choice. You cannot survive a war with multiple countries at one time. Don't count on the Russians, they will invade your country if given the chance.

chinA is on the right direction. Thanks they have a new leader.

Just give the islands and all will be coolAnd that for Phillipines as well and Vietnam and any other country around usJust ask Tibet

The public is anti-Japanese in S. Korea too.   Is that due to "Propaganda"?   What a stupid article.

I believe , their is no diplomatic law exist to solve this issue!

This is great.  I thought China was behind the North Korea threats because of this dispute over islands.  I thought their vote in the UN to sanction NK was just to make NK even more dependent on China than it already was.  It looks like I was wrong.  I guess now NK is on its own now.  Maybe there won't have to be a war and millions of deaths over some dumb islands after all.

crfgg5cy

While I am firmly on the side of the Japanese in this, the China man does hit one one VERY important note.  War is costly and cruel.  None of us sitting at our keyboards, whether interested onlookers or Chinese or Japanese nationals really gets the horrors of war unless you've been in one.  I haven't.  Restraint is the best policy.  But Japan must defend it's territory and the Philipines must be defended against Chinese hegemony.

Nuke both China and Japan, game OVER!!!!!!!!!Has anyone else noticed, that China is doing it's best to appear to walk on eggshells to the rest of the world?  I think they realize there are a lot of eyes watching their every movement now...No more hiding behind a broke regime...they're a legit super power now with the interest of intent investors.

Xi is a dumb-assx......

China, shouldn't mess with Japan..Remember what happened the last time..They may appear peaceful but, don't push..

the japs seems to be the one with the problem. They have island disputes with China, South Korea , Taiwan and Russia. Slant eyed idiots

Why would the land of the free trust a communist?

Americans like to make the water muddy to fish (Persian proverb)

JAPAN will lose This fight for Sure because all of JAPANS weapons were MADE IN CHINA. Isn't that a coincidence ?

Emperor Xi is making a huge big mistake.Impeach Emperor Xi now!Coup it now, PLA!  Then Purge it now

Meanwhile, China continues to bully its other Southeast Asian neighbors.

yip, he knows the truth. learned from the Americans... ten years of war in Iraq, nothing came close to be done!senkaku is japenees and the islands are japenees islands

u mean these 2 dog eating country will not go to war with each other? man i want them to kill each other!

yeah yeah, china always have these beautiful words.....the action though goes in a different direction....chinese people are liars, specially their leaders....that's a big fact that cannot be ignored...