When people are afraid to agree to proof on something like citizenship to vote, they are hiding something.  Of course, citizenship must be proven to vote.  Our elections need to be secure.

@mathew; that may be fine for the folks who are in your situation, however there are naturalized citizens and they should have no problem with showing that certificate. next we need to stop the deceased from voting. i support arizona on this all the way.

I swear...What a joke...

Only in America could you need to present a driver's license tocash a check or buy alcohol, but not to vote.

I vote in Wisconsin and all I have to do is walk in and state my name.  No one asks for ID or anything else.  Seems stupid to me.  We need a better way in which to vote.....the current way is just plain ridiculous and has no security to it what so ever.  Honor system, my rear.

The selling out of America

Let me guess four agree and four disagree with one that could go either way!!!

So, If I rob a bank, and get caught, and swear I didn't do it, they can't convict me of a crime?Every prisoner is innocent also - just ask them."Trust but Verify" - Pres. Ron Reagan.

Wait until a few more crazy judges be put in position within next 4 years. This country will become an opened border and lawless nation!

United States Federal Law states: Voter Eligibility. To be eligible to vote, you must be a U.S. citizen. How difficult to understand is THAT?  Sotomayor is a moron who should not be on the US Supreme Court if she cannot understand the most simple federal laws. If you want to vote, then PROVE you are a US citizen. We all have ID, if we don't have drivers licenses, it is easy to get a state ID in EVERY state, with a birth certificate and legal social security number. We need ID to get utilities turned on, to cash a check to BUY ALCOHOL AND CIGARETTES (even homeless people have to show ID for THAT), we have to have an ID to get medical care, to drive a car, to buy anything on credit, to rent a place to live, or even to stay for one night.WHO DOESN'T HAVE ID?

I am 63 and have been  driving 48 years. I had to  provide a birth certificate when i renewed my driver's license to prove my citizenship. Being as i didn't have a birth certificate I had to go to the county and pay  dollars for a copy. The money from this is used to pay for medical care and hospitalization for illegals. Go America keep selling yourself out.If you are not a US citizen you are not entitled to any of the privelleges of citizenship.  IE voting, social security, medical care, social services, etc.Why is this so hard to understand?  None of us can go to Mexico and vote in their elections.

Verifying your citizenship in order to vote.....is it that hard?

The Left needs illegal votes.Bottom line.

Just try and say on paper that you are an Mexican citizen, how far will that go. But here in the USA you dont need to prove you are an American citizen, Why Not is all I ask

So, someone enters the country illegally, and we are supposed to trust them when they say they are legal to vote???? This just makes me dizzy!

Someone please explain to me how this is an attack on minorities, the elderly and immigrants?  You show your ID to buy your beer, cigaretts and cash your welfare or social security check.....what is the problem??????

In MA, all you have to do is walk in and state your name and address too.  I can't believe some driver's licenses only ask you to swear you're a US citizen :-P

What is wrong with showing proof ? It is a requirement to be a citizen in order to vote in this country . If a person doesn't want to prove they are a citizen then they have no business voting . If illegals want to vote they can go back to their own country.

I don't understand the people who are citizens of our great country should be proud to prove they are citizens and can vote legally!!! the people who are claiming they are being picked on, are the ones who are illegal, and not citizens!!!! you can hide here for years but you have to prove you are a legal citizen, not an illegal with FAKE PAPERS!!!

If you take the ninth circuit court and remove it completely from the country, you might have some sensable results. They are against everything that makes America great, and for everthing that has a tendency to destroy the very fabric of our society.These same people that they're whining about so's they can rig elections, don't seem to have a problem showing ID so they can get their free stuff.  One way to solve it is if you're on welfare, you can't vote.  Instead of an ID, you have to show a W2 where you are actually making a contribution to America.

So it looks like the federal government will issue full citizenship to anyone who swears under oath that they are a citizen . . . and of course it will be illegal to check their credentials, . . . that might disenfranchise minority (Democrat) voters.   Many local elections are won by very small margins.  A few hundred foreign visitors could register and vote and then just disappear, or register in several different precincts and vote numerous time, or both... . . another example of how the federal government screws up virtually everything they get their hands on.

An I.D. showing you are a citizen should be a minimum requirement to vote!!

The problem is, we have too many non citizens in the United States, THAT is why we need to prove we are a citizen to vote, because United States federal law stipulates that ONLY US citizens have the right to vote, foreign nationals do not have the right to vote in federal elections.

Since a driver's license or "non-driver's license" (state ID) is now used at the polls, the Motor Voter law needs to be changed to require proof of citizenship.  Further, states should be required to clearly differentiate between citizens and non-citizens on all licenses.

It seams the people that are whining about voter ID, are the parasites that should have been deported years ago

You have to be a citizen to vote. What part of prove you are eligible to vote, dont they understand???

There is a very simple answer with out all the bs,  you must be a citizen and prove it.  Who are we trying to protect the illegals. I think people are starting to get sick of this

Recall the 1,500 tax refunds IRS mailed to the same California address??. . . and that was just one of thousands of such cases.

Major banks require a minimum of two valid photo ID's before you can open an account.. . . After this restriction came into being, dozens of corner Money stores opened in our town to service undocumented "Citizens".The democrats want no voter id because illegals vote democrat.  It's as clear as a liberal's agenda.

The Constitution allows only citizens to Vote.If the court can't understand that... we have a serious problem.

We know obama would not be able to vote in arizona.

Illegals shouldn't even be in the country. Massive deportations now.

Why don't we just invite the whole world to come to America and vote. No citizenship necessary. No wonder this country has gotten so screwed up.

Honestly, it's about time Congress considers implementing some sort of tamper-proof national ID card. It's well within Congressional authority, since Congress has explicit authority over all questions of immigration, nationalization, passports, &amp; voting regulations.

In Ohio blacks vote at least 12 times apparently.

The polls show that Americans overwhelming favor such identification, but you don't find that stat in this article.

Gee, I wonder how sotameyor (the wize latina) will vote?

It doesn't make sense to me at all that people *wouldn't* have to prove citizenship in order to register to vote.To be eligible to vote in the US you must be a registered citizen. So this should be a none issue for the courts.

Our government is giving the country away, if your a citizen you better find another country to live in, your no longer welcome here, they only want illegal immigrants to live here.

Why wouldn,t anybody not want all voters to be citizens.

Why of course we shouldn't demand that voters present valid proof of their citizenship!  And, while we are at it why should it be necessary for the neuro-surgeon to give you proof that he has any medical degrees, why should your attorney have to prove that he has passed the BAR, why do you care if the FDA has tested the food you eat and medicine you have had prescribed!  What a bunch of wasted "red tape."  Next thing you know they will want to know something as silly as whether or not your child's kindergarten teacher is a Pedophile!

How about doing it simply...Prove you are an American...then you can vote!

More baloney from Matt York, the Associated Press and Yahoo "News."

Stop saying "Right to Vote" - voting is NOT a right protected by the Constitution.

So, ummm.....if you're willing to violate immigration law( by sneaking tinto the country), why would you all of a sudden develop a conscience about whether or not to swear on a registration card?

You need proof of citizenship to get a U.S. passport. The website notes that a voter registration card is NOT acceptable proof.

"requires states to allow would-be voters to fill out mail-in registration cards and swear they are citizens under penalty of perjury, but it doesn't require them to show proof."How are you going to prove they perjured themselves if you don't require proof they are citizens?  Another asinine law from the Federal Government designed to make it easier for illegals to vote Democrat.If they are not Citizens they don't need to be voting Who do these Cheesy sorry Politicians work for Mexico ???? Dirty RATS !!!!

Is this really America?  If we allow non Americans to Vote, why bother.  i can not beileve anyone thinks this is ok.

FuE#ck.. Do the right thing and ensure every voter has shown proof of citizenship.  I can't believe this is an issue and hasn't been enforced way in the past.  what the he#l!!   If another group (elderly, minorities, etc)..l are having difficultly meeting that then enter new legislation to make sure they have what they need but first make sure the process has full integrity.

I think it is a honor and a duty to vote,if you can't take the time to get the proper documents then you should have no say so in the voting process!

Never try to make any common sense out of any thing the government tries to do be it state or federal all voters should be required to be citizens of the United States of America to vote here and a picture ID should also be required.There are so many foreign people that go back to their country and let someone else use their ID to get back in the USA .Funny how they all hate the USA but they risk their lives to try and get here and try to change our way of life.

Hey if I don't have a valid ID they aren't going to let me get on an airplane.  Why shouldn't we expect the same to verify that a person is legal to vote.  I can see why Ariz wants legal documents, there are many illegals that would vote if we don't stop them.

According to the feds, I need not show photo ID for anything, like purchasing a firearm.

This is proof that our Supreme Court is run by politics.

Is there a difference between Mexican and Latino?  In the old days a spade was called a spade.

We have to register to have a gun but not to vote?? what's wrong with this picture??These justices are supposed to be unbiased but Sotomayer isn't. She's mexican through and through and will vote in favor of hispanics and illegal alien invaders everytime. She has no business being on the court. She doesn't have all American's interest at heart just the latinos.

I proudly show my ID every time I go to vote, as should everyone.

Do you Lib's have ANY morals ?

You should show the same ID to buy a gun as to vote

how can the HIGH COURT be divided if your a citizen then fine if not this is OBAMA country

Latinos today, Muslims tomorrow, anyone else who wants or are paid to vote.

Lets, see. If they fill in the "Motor Voter" card and then fail to prove that they really ARE citizens, is that a crime? Can we actually DEPORT some illegals for that?

"Trust but Verify" - Pres. Ron Reagan.

This is like why didn't BARACK have to prove he was a CITIZEN before he ran for office? Everyone that votes should have to prove who they are. It is a poor excuse that some people do not have the ability to get an ID. Maybe this is because some people voted more than once and others  where more votes were counted than the registered number of voters for the area. This happen where no identity was required. No ID no vote should be the rule of the land. Talk about corrupt third world nations. The USA is just as bad or worse in some areas of voting procedures. We have to show an ID to cash a check, buy alcohol etc. yet don't have to show ID to VOTE. Something is wrong and the POLITICIAN'S and COURTS aren't helping out matters.

Why is picture ID required to see the President, but not to vote for him?I guess I'm stupid to think that only Americans should vote in American politics. I guess we are no longer a nation. I no longer know why I served in the military for this place.

This is a no brainer. Only US Citizens can vote and any mechanism that enhances that is OK.

The GOP also want illegals here. Its not just the Democrats. The wealthy control BOTH parties, and illegals help keep wages down for legal citizens. Puts more money in the pockets of the wealthy.

If someone would intentionally vote more than once, do you think they would register legally?

I Can't believe this is even being debated !

How can our judges be split on this issue?  Doesn't make total sense that you should be an America citizen to vote for the American leaders?  Hello?

The federal government was only concerned with expanding the voter turn out at the time the legislation was enacted not weather those registration where legal or not.They so much as said we can go back later to verify there affidavits at a later date.But by that time the election was over and recounts where already being done.Still a waste of tax payer dollars and time.And judge Scalia is correct if someone is willing to lie on a voting affidavit they are also willing to commit perjury to any other signature they put there name to real or made up.

Are these "supreme" court justices that obviously stupid?Sotomayor and Kagan are Obama's tools, nothing more.

America has an illegal muslim from Kenya as president and you wonder why illegals are all over the place these days.

There is no reason that an American citizen shouldn't have ID proving citizenship. Voting is very important and needs to be very secure.BOTH mainstream parties are pro-illegal immigrant.  Even the Libertarian candidate who I voted for was pro-illegal immigrant.  It was one of the few things I disagreed with him on.  NONE of our politicians want to do the will of the people and oppose illegals.  Our politicians have their own agendas, and those agendas do not seem to be representing the masses.

Arizona is wrong: Congress has explicit regulatory control over federal election processes (at least) &amp; its requirement in the 1993 law trumps Arizona's. Now, personally, I think you should be required to prove you're a citizen, but that's something for Congress to address, not any given state.

I would think that the Supreme Court Justices can prove with an ID that they are American Citizens and Arizona would like the nine Justices to shown those ID's.

People that are willing to break this country's laws and cross or stay here illegally, will have no qualms about swearing to be US citizens even if they aren't. Does nobody care what the majority of American people want or think?

Ya need a damn ID to cash a check, but not to vote? Only in America. What a country!

How idiotic is this.  Why not prove you are a citizen to vote?  Onlky the politicians are in favor of not requiring proof.  In the US you are constantly asked for proof.  Voting is the most important time.

How can it be illegal to prove your're a citizen before voting?  I'm incredulous.

They broke the law just to get here and that doesn't earn anyone's trust.

Further proof of the death of common sense.  Apparently we're beyond salvaging as a country, the ride over the cliff is just about completed, going to be a bumpy landing!

Sotomayer always looking out after "her kind."  Typical RACIST.  It doesn't make any difference if they are illegals or not.The illegals lie on the voter registration form all the time- we would find out about it when they were called for jury duty.  Then the truth would come out...!

Why is the court divided over this? Why do I get checked when I vote if we don't have to?

Do you think that a person who lies about who they are to cash a stolen or forged check,  won't lie on a voter reg form?  Get real people...get a brain.  Legal citizens only!  What are the dems afraid of?

What's the big deal? I don't buy the BS that these 'disenfranchised African-American blacks' don't have the funds or the motivation to get a basic citizen requirement. They surely have to show some kind of ID to cash their government checks.

I think the Nobama adminstration is for the "got a pulse" rule. Of course, in Chicago that doesn't apply either.

Somebody needs to slap some sense into the Supreme Court. I think a group of school children have more common sense than these justices.

"I have a real big disconnect with how you can be saying you're accepting and using, when you're not registering people when they use it the way the federal law permits them to,"This is what passes as proper grammar for a supreme court justice?  The intelligence bar is now non-existent.

and they wonder why this country is so messed up . what a big joke only americans should be able to vote period................

Really? -  I have to show ID to buy a freakin' beer but not to vote?

71% Favor Proof of Citizenship Before Allowing Voter Registration New poll 3/20/13:The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments Monday on the federal government's challenge of an Arizona law that requires proof of citizenship before allowing someone to register to vote. But most voters (71%) think "everyone" should have to prove their citizenship before being allowed to sign up for voting and don't believe such a requirement is discriminatory.Justice Sonia Sotomayor  is a commie anti-American criminal

True Americans want American citizens to vote. Obama's socalled americans want everybody to vote to so they can void the vote of citizens.

How stupid is this supreme court and what dumb questions they ask and these people sit on the bench for life. Look, there should be no question as to showing your proof that your a citizen. In order for me to renew my drivers lic. I have to show proof that I am a citizen, submitt two bills for proof that I recieve mail at that address and other documents before I can renew my lic to drive and that's a federal requirement here in the state of Florida. So since it's a Federal law why shouldn't it be good for voting? That's a homeland security law.So folks that sit on the bench and get over paid for the job they do which is very little, you should look at that requirement.

When I got my drivers licence and Vehicle registration I had to bring my birth certificate....It makes sense to prove you are a citizen if you want to vote.....

Not only should you have to prove US citizenship but also state and local affiliation...If you truck in bus loads of people into a state to vote one party or the other, you can sway the election...We had that here in WI where democratic party "organizers" came into the state, used their hotel address as their "home" address and voted in state elections...then went back to their home state and voted in their own "real" states...This country is in a mess and I can't think of one reason why it is so dang hard to show proof of who you are and where you come from....

What other country in the world allows non-citizens to vote in their elections? Anyone? Bueller? Bueller? Buuuueeeelller?

I personally witnessed a group that came into my city during the last election just for the intent of registering illegals to vote.  They get them whatever papers they need to get registered so I am sure they can get them a photo ID.  I think the problem is those that are dead voting.  Kinda hard to get their picture, but then again, those that want to get a forged document can get one.  Money talks more today than ever.BTW, I did report what I knew and never heard a peep from the authorities and nothing ever made the news about any arrests.  I guess the Attorney General is covering for this group like he does the Black Panthers.

Well considering Mickey Mouse and other characters have constantly voted or dead people too I don't see this as a problem.You need to be a U.S Citizen to vote anyhow. It's quite simple. Could possibly expose other problems as well.

Illegal immigrants shouldn't have any rights in the US. The bill of rights and the constitution were put into place for citizens of the united states. If an immigrant wants to be a citizen they got through the proper channels to become one. Not come into the country illegally and think they have the same rights as everyone else...

•Take two forms of identification (passport, state ID, birth certificate, social security card) plus a photo ID (if your other documents do not include a photo).New rules state that you need one ID with your Social Security number on it. my veterans ID nor my drivers licence include my SS#Oh my, we wouldn't want to make all the illegal immigrants, oops, undocumented individuals, feel left out.  Besides, who else can politicians BS votes out of other than people who haven't been here long enough to understand the game?  Oh, right, I forgot, millions of brain dead sheeple who believe everything they're told because, after all, our politicians would never lie to us.What a crock of semi-solid human waste. (sensor that Yahoo)

It appears that the supemes are all of a sudden a political group, not a constitutional review group. Look, supremes, please stop throwing America away. Do your job. Rule by the law, not your political persuasion. We, the common folks, rely on you and the constitution. Help!!!!!

thats like asking congress to actually work by having them sign a scrap of paper

How dare they suggest challenging those "undocumented" Democrat voters!!!!

This country is going downhill fast.  For a person's vote, even if they are not from this country, our politicians and judges are willing to give them driver's licenses and now the vote.  These DemoRATS need to go to some other country where they can get a vote without being a citizen.

The last bastion of democracy is the SUPREME COURT. WITH KAGAN, SOTEYMAYOR,THAT WITCH AND WHAT'S HIS NAME, THE LIB JUST NEEDS ONE MORE ENEMYWITHIN TO DESTROY OUR DEMOCRATIC SYSTEM.

Kagan and Sotomayor are not justices, but OBAMAS tool TO DESTROY OURDEMOCRATIC SYSTEM OF ELECTION,  PAVING THE WAY FOR DICTATORSHIP.THEY DON'T HAVE THE BRAIN, BUT THAT OF A ZOMBIES.

It is hard to believe that when the US arranges and oversees voting in other countries (such as Iraq), we required each voter to dip their finger in bright purple dye to make sure they only voted once...and also, each had to have papers with them in order to vote...If it is good enough for us to impliment this procedure in other countries...Why is it so hard to show an ID to vote here???

How can you be divided when it's a law you cannot vote if you are not a citizen ? It sure did sway a illegal vote to help Obama win his 2nd non productive term ! Not counting all these dumbasz people whom voted illegally more then once , with the women in Ohio voting 6 times !

You want to by Smokes you need proper ID, A beer, same thing. Liberals a crazy .They wonrt be happy till we are all poor and helpless.yet I have to use my ID and be subjected to a background check if I want to exercise my Second Amendment right...I guess the left is racist, or just full of #$%$.

I just want to know what state allowes you to vote without an ID

lol did several yrs for a felony, so of course i lost the right to vote, strange how I'm setting here holding my voters registration card, didn't need to lie when i was applying for my drivers license, since it simply asked me if I wanted to register, and I said yes, weeks later it showed up in the mail. So who is checking to insure I don't vote. No one it seems, and this is the second one from 2 different states.

SWo let me get this straght all's someone has to do Is swear thier an american citizen and It's ok so who will ever follow up on those who swore to be citizens backgrounds since they can't queston them if they are legal or not'just a thought.

NC proof of residencyProof of Residency Acceptable DocumentsListed below are acceptable documents you can use for a U.S. Citizen:■Any document issued by the State of North Carolina or any of its political subdivisions (county, city, tax district, etc.) or by the federal government;■Preprinted bank or other corporate statement;■Correspondence on preprinted business letterhead;■Apartment lease, housing contract, mortgage statement, etc.;■Utility bill (power bill, cable bill, water bill, etc.) or contract for utility service;■School records;■Matricula consular issued by the Mexican consulate for North Carolina;■Letter from homeless shelter;

How many of you know what it takes to get a drivers license. you people are idiots.

It has proven that noncitizens vote. My precious voting rights has been violated. So, we must have very very stritch laws to prevent noncitizens to vote. Why give our precious rights to vote away

How can they demand an ID for flying on a plane? Illegal aliens voting in our elections could destroy the whole country!

That means that some people face one set of requirements to vote, and others a different set, he said. "This seems to me like a crazy system," Alito saidYup...one Crazy, Crazy system....and these same people now have control of your health care.

What is the Dems keep insisting about their unconstitutional gun laws?  Oh that's right... if you're not a criminal you've got nothing to hide, right?So why not just get your damn ID and prove you're not here illegally?For the life of me I can't figure out why the feds don't require proof of citizenship to vote.  Isn't voting a privilege reserved for citizens?  If I went to Mexico and tried to vote, they'd throw me in jail.  Or Great Britain or France or anywhere but here.

"It is the burden of the states to determine the eligibility of the voters:   REALLY?? That is their JOB!

If the SCOTUS agrees with Patricia Millett, representing those challenging the law, who said that courts accept sworn statements as proof in criminal cases, a first year law student can blow a hole through that argument and nullify the 1993 Motor Voter Act. 1) States are now issuing driver licenses to illegals and 2) isn't an oath supposed to be done under the auspices of someone authorize to give out the oath? In 2004 a fraternity as well as other civic groups performed registration drives yet none of them, especially the fraternity were authorized to administer such an oath. Somehow swearing an oath has lost it's sanctity and has become as common as signing for a UPS package. The opposition hasn't presented a valid argument but I have a feeling Arizona is going to be shut down again fighting for the citizens of the state. The SCOTUS has become another legislative arm of the liberal mantra. It was bad enough to have a bias court as the 9th US Appeals Court but this is ridiculous.

That means that some people face one set of requirements to vote, and others a different set, he said. "This seems to me like a crazy system," Alito said.EXACTLY correct,......  the people PROVING they are citizens are being held to a higher standard than the illegals

The answer to this has to be somewhere in the middle.  People who break the immigration laws and voting laws are not likely to be deterred by some vague threat of a perjury prosecution when there is no mechanism for disputing the sworn statement.  The federal law is a joke, but the state answer apparently doesn't function to solve the problem.The issue is the right to vote.  The determination of citizenship would seem to be a requirement.  My only guess as to why it's not is that the right to vote for all of us is just a sop so we think we have a choice, while the real owners of this country just go on their merry way because they own the system.

Why is my federal government issued VA ID not an acceptable form of identification?

And then the Supreme Court justices wonder why Citizens want to hold on to their gun rights.Any justice that would allow Illegals to vote is corrupt!

I'm being required to show a new photo ID to go swim in the pool at our Home Owners Association for pete's sake...asking for a photo ID to vote in this country should be MANDATORY in all states...

Sotomeyer is an idiot racist.

So these cherry picked southern states have to put up with these draconian policies but we can't put in any safeguards to ensure that voters are actually citizens? Talk about being backwards!its a no bainer u have o prove who u r just to fart, why not tovote???????

You can Forget about any thing sane coming from the Supreme Court, Obama has appointed liberal  justices to the Supreme court, there are no checks and balances and no common sense left, we are so screwed!

Obama had things all planned when he installed Sonia Solomayer and Elena Kagan as justices.  Just as in this last election went as planned....whereas at least one documented case where one person voted six (6) times for the democratic party.  Wonder how many more there were and would verified documentation have prevented this.  There is even a possibility that the election would have gone in the other direction.  Wouldn't it be a God send not to be stuck with Obama again?

hay dumb #$%$ not a U S CITIZEN    you cant VOTE

To a lot of people a sheriff is the government.

Colorado sheriff and AZ sheriff closed cage match.

Justice Sonia Sotomayor is a twit with zero court experience.

Corrupt politicians are letting ILLEGALS out of US prisons by the thousands,, corrupt politicians are now giving away our country to the ILLEGALS,,, IS IT TIME FOR CIVIL WAR? #$%$ YES IT IS!!!!!!  dont give up your guns and AR15's yet,,, you may very soon need them to protect yourself from your own government!!!!

Listed below are several of the arguments that have been used by misguided people to try and justify illegal immigration. Next to each is the reason why that argument has no merit.1) They are an economic necessity - Not true. The idea that a bunch of desperately poor, uneducated, unskilled, non-English speaking foreigners are an economic necessity is ludicrous. In fact, when you compare cost vs. benefit, it is obvious that they are not only NOT a necessity, they are not even an asset. Rather, they are a liability and a huge one at that.2) They do work Americans won’t do - Not true. They do work Americans won’t do for $7 an hour (especially if Americans can collect welfare and unemployment instead). Of course, if you got rid of the illegals, the jobs wouldn’t pay $7 an hour. The people who wanted the work done would have to pay a wage that was attractive enough to get Americans to do the work. And it might even be enough to get Americans off the unemployment and welfare dole and back into the taxpaying workforce!3) We benefit from all that “cheap” labor - This is nonsense. The only people who benefit from the cheap labor are the unscrupulous people who hire illegal immigrants. Taxpayers are left holding the bag. Ultimately, it is they who must pay to support all the Americans who have been put out of work by illegals and must also provide billions of dollars in services and benefits to the illegals themselves.4) They are just trying to make better lives - Aren’t we all? The difference is that most of us understand that we DO NOT have a right to acquire by illegal means those things that we find difficult to acquire by legal means. And we certainly don’t have the right to do it in a foreign country.5) It is impossible to round up and deport the illegals - We don’t have to. All we have to do is remove the incentives that brought them here in the first place. No jobs. No housing. No taxpayer financed services or benefits (including education). Once we remove the incentives that brought them here, they will leave on their own.6) Immigration control is racist / xenophobic - This is just another play of the race card by people who have no other cards to play. Immigration control is the world-wide status quo. There is nothing racist about it. Furthermore, the USA welcomes LEGAL immigrants of all races and ethnicities from all over the world who have gone through the legal immigration process. This is not just a bad argument, it is an attempt to create racial hatred and division.7) We are a nation of immigrants - This is the “BIG LIE”. The vast majority of Americans are native-born. I am not an immigrant. Nor were my parents. Nor were my grandparents. We are a nation that has, historically, allowed and even encouraged LEGAL immigration. And we continue to do so. The issue at hand is illegal immigration, which has nothing to do with legal immigration.8) They are people. We must treat them humanely - Yes &amp; yes. But lets not pretend like they are victims who were dragged here kicking and screaming against their will. Nothing could be further from the truth. They came of their own free will and for their own benefit and they broke the law to do it. People should not be rewarded for breaking laws and committing crimes. Sending them home is the right thing to do. There is nothing “draconian” or “mean-spirited” about it.9) It is wrong to break up families- Yes. Unfortunately, families are often broken up by criminal activity. If you don’t believe it, just drop by any prison or jail on visiting day. We can’t keep families together if some family members choose to participate in criminal activity.10) They work &amp; contribute to our society - So do I. And if I break the law and commit crimes, I can expect to pay a penalty of some kind. Anything from a small fine to the death penalty. I do not receive a reward. Why should we treat foreign criminals better than our own citizens?

Have we gone mad?  This is a no-brainer.  No proof of citizenship, no vote!  Otherwise any foreign entity who wishes to can influence our elections.  This is dangerous folks.How can they be split on a fundamental issue. We need to show I.D. when we go to the bank to get money out even though we punch in our own security code, if we know the code # don't you think it is us with our mug/identity on security cameras?  But, when it comes to the importance of electing a president for 4 years... it's no that's just fine come back again!

The headline on the Yahoo link to this article reads "Arizona's Restrictive Voter Registration Rules Head to the Supreme Court" What's restrictive about keeping illegal, non-U.S. citizens from voting. It's called common sense! Even the Libtards admit that by law, these people shouldn't be voting, they just don't see it as a problem (because they vote for their party). Go to Mexico demanding that you have a right to vote and see what happens. They'll laugh their butts off before robbing and killing you.

look up the video on you tube--a poll worker said she "voted twice" for obama to make sure her vote counted!  wonder how many other hundreds of thousands did the same thing..and they all got away with it because they voted for the dems.. the state controlled media won't report this type of crime..they have an agenda and us honest citizens know what it is.

So let me get this straight.. They came here ILLEGALLY, and would somehow feel bad about committing perjury? Thats going to stop them from voting? ..HAHAHA our government is a joke

So, someone violates our laws by entering this country illegally, and we are supposed to trust them and believe that they would never swear that they are a citizen when they are not?  If someone breaks the law it shows that they do not respect the law.  Why would breaking one law be any different from breaking another?

Everybody can see right through this, it just to let illegals to vote, Nothing more than that. If illegals started voting for the republican party the Dems would have kinds of anti-voter fraud laws inplace.

Yes! Supreme Court! We swear that we are a Klingon prince and that we have the right to vote anywhere in the solar system! It's right there - on that paper!

This is surely one rung below a no brainer on the intellligent decision scale. So why do we have to prove citizenship to get a passport ? Can't they just believe the lie I tell them ? Anyone too ignorant to comprehend why they should have to prove citizenship to register to vote is too ignorant to vote, and the judges, including the supreme court, who don't comprehend this are definatley too ignorant to sit on the bench. If we cannot protect the accuracy of the most sacred of our rights as a free people, what should we protect ?

Soon you will not have any Freedom, Your vote will be stollen By Non citizens or illegals, Too Bad you were all Sleeping, You have not seen anything yet! They will use the Supreme Court Against your Freedom.

National Republican chairman Reince Priebus echoed this view on MSNBC recently when discussing the new Wisconsin law that requires citizens to produce photo ID at the polls or be shown the door. He argued that the state’s election system was “absolutely riddled with voter fraud.” Priebus may be correct, but only if his standard for “riddled” is 0.0002 percent. A nonpartisan study on voter fraud in Wisconsin after the 2004 election found just seven ineligible votes—all of which were cast by ex-felons who were ineligible to vote despite being released from prison—out of 3 million ballots cast.Lets all go to another country a Try to vote! Probably be shot!

jeeezzzzzus christ,,,,, what idiot would possibly rule that an ILLEGAL can vote!!!!!  YEESSSSSS you should have to prove you are a LEGAL citizen to vote!!!!  Any judge that would go against this should be FIRED immediate and criminally charged!!

Unbelievable! Only in America. The Democrats are willing to sell us off, and let illegals vote, so they can win. And the Republicans are willing to give amnesty, to see if they can recapture some of their votes. We're soooo screwed!

If a "drivers license" and/or a "sworn statement" are sufficient as acceptance for US citizenship, thennnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn.......why not accept it for a US Passport?   HUHHHHHHHH?

Arizona is one of the few states that doesn't have their head up their #$%$ when it comes to illegal aliens. I would bet that Obama would not have gotten re-elected if it weren't for the illegals that voted for him in states that did not require identification. How hard is this?? If you are a legal citizen, you should have no problem showing it. Obama needs to go! We cannot take 4 more years of do nothing and 4 more years of him tearing our society apart, bankrupting food stamps, social security, etc. all for illegals that will quickly make legal citizens minorities in our own country.

No illegal should have any right to vote in the USA.

Gosh I don't see any liberal comments so I will make their usual argument. You are nothing but racists these are just poor people coming to our country to make it better, sure it cost you 3 million a day to keep the illegal criminals in prison and billions more for educating your children to speak Spanish and giving them the food and medical they need but if they weren't here the rich liberals would have to hire a citizen to clean their toilets and mow their lawns and they would have to pay a fair wage. I just cant believe you are all so cruel  hee hee

The politician did it again- They passed the "Help America Vote Act" which made it unbelievable easy for voter fraud and illegals to register.Now  a state is demanding their "Constitutional right" to verify the  eligibility of the voters- well........ let's see if the Suprene court believes in honest elections.Can Americans expect honest election ?

Let everybody that breathes vote! Let anybody come across the border, what the hell, I'm sick and tired of politicians playing with our Constitution!!!!

If we cannot or will not safeguard the election process then we are no longer a democratic republic. It is complete anarchy, the supremes of the court are now the court jesters.did anyone else notice obama did not win any state that required voter id

Check the justices for citizenship! Why can't they agree? Too afraid of the truth!

"opponets of the arizona law....counted 31,000 potentially legal voters.....they say about 20 percent where latino" my question to you, what were the other 80 percent?  when i lived in the state of indiana we had to show a form of i.d. to vote, to get that i.d. i had to have both a social security card and a birth certificate, not from a hospital but from a state or county department of health, thus proving that i was a u.s. citizen. i now live in arizona, and i understand where the concerns come from. everyone who is a citizen of this country should be given the chance to vote period! if you are not a citizen become one!

Bummer, Democrats would loose votes if we do not let anyone off the street vote

Only the Filth on the Far Left would would oppose Voter ID.

the libs say "only a few ineligible voters were caught so we don't need voter id, but how many voted that were NOT caught? proving that we definitely DO NEED it!!!!!

This is how you get an ineligible Muslim elected and elected again for president.

why then do i have to fill out this census that came in my mail...it says because i am living in the united states i am required by law to respond to this...but you cant ask people to prove they are legal citizens to vote.....well this make sense.....

Why is it such a big deal to show ID? Also, if I needed to, I would take my birth certificate. There is so much corruption and so many crooks in the system. The poll worker admitting she voted more than once so she could be sure her vote counted???!!!! Sorry, but if you are here on a visa, you should have to show that to get a drivers lic., and you should not be registered to vote until you are a citizen.  Too many people running around with someone elses ID.

Why would anyone be against this? What possible reason do you have to think people shouldn't be required to prove their citizenship?all three branches of the fed have to STOP playing with citizen rights------ They need to STOP playing with what's politically correct and start DOING what is RIGHT for the CITIZENS of this once great country. My ? about this, If the state governors and elected houses have made laws regarding this subjects then why haven't the federal elected senator and members of house of reps gotten on board and push for  what the voters in their state have voted into law. IE senator john mccrybabie  pushing for illegals and big companies and hold back his home state

No one should be able to vote if they can't prove they are citizens with the exception of those that we know  were not allowed birth certificates when they were born.  If they can speak English and are over 80 and are non-Hispanic white, black or American Indian then I think they should get a pass.  The key here is "speak English". Everyone else - prove it!

everyone should have to prove us citizen to vote in this country no matter what state they live in

If the law requires citizens-only voters then registrants must proof citizenship

There is no need to vote any more we should let the Liberal Media make our Laws because we no longer have a country to be citizens Of, It has been Highjacked!

Go America keep selling yourself out.

What's so difficult for some of the justices to understand??  Finally, Scalia gets it right when he said:  "Justice Antonin Scalia seemed to think that a sworn statement wasn't enough to allow people to register to vote. "If you're willing to violate the voting laws, I suppose you're willing to violate the perjury laws," he said."

If we the American people are to ever elect another president we must have proof of citizenship. Oh but if they declare they are a citizen they would than have to pay taxes&gt;

just try to get a library card without proof you live in the town in florida were i live. this country is a joke and its a joke on all of us.

I'm really having a hard time here folks when three states had a couple of hundred out of MILLIONS that this for now has become such a hugh issue.  The Republicans are in control in Arizona so that means the illegals are voting for them.  Having a proper state ID card (licence, ID, whatever the state has), and a permanent living place should be it.  AND, I vote Republican.do not want to show prove of

what a joke we live in a world people are afraid of doing what is the law and what is right in order to please people that come here illegally we should send them all back to their countries and let there government deal with them

Second, many conservatives contend that the reason studies show so little voter fraud is because it’s really hard to catch. It’s also hard to catch murderers, but that doesn’t mean we start locking up everyone in order to prevent people from killing one another. Americans have long subscribed to the notion of innocent until proven guilty; that, as Benjamin Franklin said, “it is better 100 guilty persons escape than that one innocent person suffer.” Without proof, or even credible evidence that widespread voter fraud exists, saying that it’s difficult to detect is not enough reason to justify stripping the right to vote from millions

If you ARE a US citizen, you would be proud to prove it.  If you are NOT a US citizen you bring up the fact that you are being treated unjustly.

Honesty in the vote is paramount.  If 17 states are moving to impliment this type of voter ID, there must be a reason.  Honest people will and can produce the required documents.  Those who are not honest I am sure they would gladly take an oath or say they are citizens in order to  vote illegally.  The next issue to be looked into are those legal voters who vote multible times, as have been document in this last election...one woman alone voted 6 times for Obama.  That can not be tolerated either.  She and anyone else convicted of voter fraud should loose their right to ever vote again.

Scalia:  Always looking for a way to try to give minorities a swift kick in the butt.  Now, he's inviting states to litigate so that he can put his imprimatur on their racist inclinations and practices.

Just goes to show how stupid and corrupt our current government members are !!! But they want us to have to register guns !!!! What a bunch of out-of-control freeks !!!!!Take away our guns and let illegal ,non citizens vote them into power all the time !!!! Makes real americans sick to their stomachs !!!

Prove you're a citizen or don't show up to vote!!! Plain and simple!!!!!!!!!!!

This "Motor Voter" bill is total BS, I married a Filipino 20yrs ago, she had a 3yr old son that we got over here when he was10 as a Permanent Resident, when he turned 18 got his new drivers license and signed up to vote,, only problem is he let his Visa expire,, ILLEGAL ALIEN, he got his voter card shortly thereafter,,since he and I are not on speaking terms anyway I turned him in to the county election office,,,  NOTHING he still gets a voter card,,Tell me thats not screwed up,, thats how easy it is for an ILLEGAL ALIEN to vote in our elections

Funny how asking a law-abiding citizen to show an ID just to vote gets the Democrats all up-in-arms about protecting people's rights..... you know, while trying to insist on Government databases tracking all gun owners. Not surprising, really. The President sends his own daughters to a school with armed guards, but says the American Peasantry can protect themselves just as well with a pair of scissors.The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is know to be a left wing bunch of kooks.

Look i can't go to Canada and vote. So why is this so #$#@ing hard to figure out make it manditory for everyone in the US to show a valid ID to vote. You have to show it to get on a . plane. If Illegals have a problem tough @#$#

If your not a white evangelical male Christian you can't vote that would cure the problem republicans have with those other people voting

The wise latina has spoken.

this should be a no brainer! our court system is full of idiots!

Leaveing Minnesota in two weeks and moving to Arizona. In 20 years the schools have gone to #$%$, the welfare rolls have grown 300% and the politicans have thier heads up Obamas butt, hell our so called senator does not even live here( Frankinfish) a creep from hollywood. Good Luck to the state I loved, I will make a stand for the Constitution with fellow Americans

If proof of citizenship is going to be required for all Americans citizens, then let it be at the Federal level that will cover all local, State and Federal elections. If you move to another State, then you will be covered. Also, there has to be a reasonable period of time to allow all citizens to get that registration ID from the Federal government so they won't miss their chance to vote in current elections.

Democrats insist that anything that might possibly cost them votes is "infringing upon voter rights."  Since Latinos (both legal and illegal) are one of their bigger voting blocks to pander to, they hate the idea of such "common sense" measures to ask for a simple ID before voting.Now the Dems setting up a national registration list of gun owners, demanding background checks on a hundred million citizens while tracking their private sales?  Amazingly they don't feel that infringes on anyone's rights at all... because they feel it infringes mostly on Republican voters.  And that half of the country doesn't count.Weren't the Dems just screaming that anyone who doesn't want to submit to a background check must be a criminal with something to hide? Yeah... I thought so.  So how about showing that ID, amigo?

The number 1 thing that keeps illigals and citizens apart is that citizens can vote in any election and illigals cannot vote at all, and if we are going to allow illigals to vote then we are saying you the illigal is no different from me a citizen and this is disgusting and wrong on so many levels and if the justices veto Arizona then they do not understand our constitution and they need to go back to school and relearn it and not from a marxist #$%$ teacher but a real american. I also bet you if I demanded voting rights in mexico, or france, or any other country they would tell me to go F my self and go back to my own country or they would shout me

Why can't Canadians vote here?This shouldn't be such a big deal. Jeez.

C'mon America, its way past time to wake up. Let's pull our heads out of our butts and realize that we are doomed if we don't stop trying to please everyone in the world.  If you want to vote, prove you are an american.  if you want to be president, prove you are eligible.  if you want to get welfare, prove you are not a drug user.  Stop the insanity.  This great country is circling the drain, the buzzards are perched waiting, China and Japan have checkbooks in hand.  Stand Up for America, take America Back!

Tens of thousands of U.S. citezens should flood across the border to Mexico and try to vote in their next election! See what happens!

just like the IRS giving TIN (tax identification numbers) to illegal aliens so the could pay taxes. Only problem, they found the Child Tax Credit line and get back between $9000 and $14000 each! for naming their kids, nephews and neices as dependents! When asked, the IRS said they didn't have the time nor manpower to investigate. Cost to taxpayers est. 4.2 BILLION  a year! Good job IRS!

It seems we may need to get new Supreme Court justices if they can't figure this one out! It's a NO BRAINER, NO ID, NO VOTE!

DEEEEEEEEEPOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRTTTTTT ALL Illegal Aliens!Let them wave their UGLY Mexican flag back home where they came from ..... the Mexican sewer!

Are we in America? How can we tell other nations how to vote, if our high court is deciding if non citizens should vote? REALLY!!! Of course they shouldn't vote! WAKE UP AMERICA!!!

Ok so you have people that violated the law in coming here and you expect them to uphold the law on voting? REALLY?

The NC DMV will begin issuing driver's licenses to illegal immigrants who qualify for federal work papers

sotomayor should remain silent everytime she opens her mouth ignorance flows outFlorida "found" only a small percentage of illegal voters; No Carolina only 79 "admitted" they werewn't citizens.. So when DEA states that they get 10 % of the narcotic shipments into the states, we can assume there isn't a drug problem. There should be no issue on proving citizenship to vote or stating that "undocumented" is simply illegal.

I vote we start over with all the judges and everybody in the Gov.. Send them all on a slow boat ride to nowhere.. maybe carinval has another cruise coming up..

DEEEEEEEEEPOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRTTTTTT ALL Illegal Aliens!Let them wave their UGLY Mexican flag back where they came from ..... the Mexican sewer!

Hell yes it is discrimination against minorities.  The few idiots that can't show proof of citizenship.  Even here in California we have to show I.D.  I understand the old days of midwives and no birth certificates for black of the old days; however, that should be grandfathered in for older people of that era.  Don't be scared to ask for I.D., just because some fool is pumping his/her chest out and questioning you.

I'm going to get everybody in India and China to write my name in for the next election and nobody will beat me in the polls if this doesn't go thru.

Get rid of all the Judges, the people of this country are far wiser!

In TN you must have a birth certificate and SS card to get a drivers license.Present a driver's license to vote.

As usual, Alito &amp; the other republican far-right justice (Scalia) are determined to make it difficult for voters-always minority voters.

I'm convinced that obama and many other can't get elected without widespread voter fraud... They go into inner city housing and recruit by the thousands, telling these people that if they don't vote for obama and the likes of him that they will lose all their free stuff....  SO THEY GET OFF THEIR BACKENDS AND VOTE&gt;&gt;&gt;  Same for the mexicans.....

If you are a legal citizen, then you should have no problem proving it!!  Whether you have a driver's license or simply an Identification Card, that is all you need.  I have to show my ID when I go to the bank, pick up prescriptions, register for a doctor's appt., etc.  I would EXPECT to have to show ID to vote in elections!!DNC vote buying with hard-earned tax dollars and DNC voter fraud has never been worse than it is now.

Tens of millions of lawbreaking illegal aliens are allowed by our politicians to not only be here illegally, but also to steal American jobs and benefits, which costs the American taxpayers hundreds of billions of hard-earned tax dollars each year; all for the gain of the politicians and expense of the average American.

Block 31,000 legal voters to stop 441 illegal ones?   Not hard to figure the REAL reason for this law...

I love it you need an ID to buy alcohol, cigarettes, firearms cash a check but not to vote. How stupid is this. I give up.

Arizona is passing far to many laws period! Our political officials should be investigated.They have no right under the constitution to keep people from voting period! Changing the lawwill only lead to the wrong people being voted into offices here in arizona and more laws on the books.Arizona is'nt helping the people whom live and work here its harming all of us by discrimnatingagainst our rights.They act like GODS sitting on their thrones ruling against the people and not for the people!!!!

Funny how the Dems insist that getting a State ID infringes on the rights of their favorite voting block, but has no problems pushing for Federal background checks, registration, and tracking lists on over a hundred million people...Why not just get your ID? I thought only criminals had something to hide?

what a joke.. really something as inportant as to the direction of this country really is it to much to prove you have a right to vote.? its like the goverment is inviteing fraud. you have to show id for most everything today.

Yahoo comments are ridiculous...nuff said

The federal govenrment can kiss my butt. All they want is more power over all the states.

It is ridiculous that you don't have to show proof of citizenship to vote. I think we are the only country that doesn't require this.In 30 years, the minorities now are going to be the majorities by a great margin then and believe me they will remember and their children will remember what is taking place now.  All you Right Wingers better get your birth certificates and probably more to get ready for that day.  The worm turns.

This is a sign from God...warning us to get things right..........God is telling us that the devil lives among us..........The end is near.........The zombie are gathering their armies and they will attack soon...........Get your loved ones and go west, to the the less populated mountains...it is your only chance for survival............

prove up!!,,,,,,,,,,,,,,tuff!!,,,,,,,,,,no head wraps get drivers license!, no gays in the boy scouts!, red light runners get camera tickets!, no shoes no shirt no service!, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,mex's go home!!

Where the white women at...........

The right to vote should be absolute. It's only since the GOP's demographics have been shrinking that they been worried about 'who' votes

So, requiring people to provide identification and proof that they are a citizen would not be a violation of their right to vote, but requiring identification and a background check is a violation of their second amendment right to buy a gun. Run that one by me again, right wingers.

The illegal aliens are the white and black Americans that has no claim to land you stole from the the true Americans called American Indians. So technically your the Foreigners and muts of this society if your not stealing and lying and buying to get what rightfully don't belong to you with a 250 years of history America.

How interesting that people demand citizenship proof to vote, when blacks had to pass their right to vote and they WERE born here. So they used color against them to prevent them from voting. No one cared that they were born here.American citizenship proof or not to vote, you still get screwed by politicians who don't care whether you were born here or not.

Only until people got riled up by illegal fear mongering do people demand your citizenship. I remember an article about a year ago where an American women went into a bank and was asked to provide her birth certificate at a bank she'd been at for years. She was livid. But she demanded others to do it. Renewing my drivers license I've never had to provide my birth certificate. But now they ask the silly question of whether I was born here.  As I walked out of the license place there was a sign in both English and Spanish about how to renew and none of it had to do with birth certificates. 'Course I could understand most of the Spanish anyway.

For those of you convinced that a bunch of illegals are voting - here is the quote from the above story:Checks since last fall by The Associated Press showed that in Colorado, election officials found 441 noncitizens on the voter rolls out of nearly 3.5 million voters. Florida officials found 207, or 0.001 percent of the state's 11.4 million registered voters. In North Carolina, 79 people admitted to election officials that they weren't citizens and were removed from the rolls, along with 331 others who didn't respond to repeated inquires.Do you really think this level of voters is really making a difference?  So despite what you think is happening - it is not - you are not entitled to your own facts, just the facts.Did the Founding Fathers have to provide proof of citizenship to vote?

This whole thing is a solution looking for a problem. Name one recent election that had suspect results because of "voter fraud." There hasn't been one since 1948 when LBJ won a Democratic primary against Coke Stevenson. If there's no problem, why this push to "solve" it? I think we all know the answer to that.

If you intellectual Right Wingers think that .001% of the vote will change any outcome, you are brain dead and a racist.  This is the new outreach for Hispanic voters?  You've got to be kidding me.  The GOP clowns are running the circus of fools.

The Tea Party with GOP continuing FRAUD of denying voting to our citizens....the sign and seal of the racist Tea Party which is the John Birch Society and KKK merged into one body and dedicated to the proposition of making the RICH RICHER, the POOR POORER and DESTROY the MIDDLE CLASS. The Tea Party is an OLD WHITE PEOPLE PARTY and their numbers are withering down each year

What's wrong with showing proof?  If you are black or Hispanic , you have to show a  birth certificate, guess that comes from the birthers, and if you are white you only need to show a drivers license or less.  And, you mouth breathing righties don't see anything wrong with that?  Of course you don't.

Another non issue. The last thing on an undocumented person's mind is voting. Another straw man created by the right wing kooks to justify suppression of voting rights