YA, time for us to install a new batch of leadership!

In other words "Business as usual".

Americans have to launch a revolution to clean up this corrupted government in Washington DC and replace them with a new one that really works for its people, not politics.

China wants double its per capita income in 7 years. This will be another world changing event is it is achieved.

A lackluster year in China, only 7.8% growth in the economy. Our press is already writing China's obituary because of this number. When was the last time our economy had China's growth numbers economically, the 80's. When Obama poor a trillion dollars worth of stimulous into his pals greenenergy companies, we peaked at 3.9% growth, but we still owe for that "stimulous". We will be lucky to finish above 2.5% growth, which is actually no growth in reality for this year. So who has the foolish leadership? China is awash in cash, we have debt we can never repay.

Install new leadership, how Left wing can you get.  Ever notice in these "people's republics" the "people" never get a say in anything.

The opposition has been terminated.

Well, it SOUNDS like a good start, but I will be a lot more impressed by results.  The North Koreans seemed to be getting off to a good start too......initially.

They're all stupid...

Amazing country. Mad props, China.It would be good if China actually recognized the rights of its' citizens...That proclamation alone would ensure higher wages, better working conditions and a growing economy.......and make China a less attractive place for American companies to produce their products (due to higher wages). Manufacturing would increase here.

The CCP leadership has been saying this for years, though this is the first time this pressing concern has figured so prominently in the rhetoric so soon after the president's election. They  should start by divesting their own families from all corrupt business relations through guanxi. Short of that their efforts will ring of hollow indignation and mere window dressing.

Premier Li is given the job of moving the 1.5 size of population of the US into the city of the middle class. Whether he can do or not, it will be known in the next decade. If successful, it will change the landscape of China and economic of the world on a scale unseen in history.

The secret of Chinese Politics = "to know when to sip tea, and when to nod your head"

Reform? A cleaner government? He has 3000 years+ of the Chinese bureaucracy culture to bust through. Either he's out right lying or just extremely naive.

China is growing and locking up contracts around the world, while the USA worries about Amnesty for illegals, Healthcare, Gay Marriage, and taking away gun rights.

Time will tell if the citizen will continue to suffer. A political system with all the grand name is worthless is the citizen are suffering.

Xi would like to thank his campaign manager and all the voters who believed in him...lol, just kidding

china's a mess

Funny how China is becoming more of a capitalistic nation while America seems to be wanting communism. Go figure.The article title makes it sound as it it's some kind of software update.  Considering the amount of attention counterfeiting has received recently, with Chinese being mocked as "fake people", it makes the title twice as funny.

How come WE AMERICANT'S always vote for a "new administration", yet somehow the REAL REGIME THAT RULES US AMERICANS, STILL DICTATE ALL THE F'ed-UP foreign policies and status quo on domestic policies. I'm really starting to think that the Chinese government is MUCH MORE HONEST THAN THE HIJACKED AMERICAN GOVERNMENT.

Great!  I can't wait to see how "the new China" will explain the 6,000 (now 12,000 I heard this morning) pig carcasses in the Hubei river.  If they say, "Ah . . . very angry birds,"  I think I'd be very suspicious (although amused).  Seriously, though, I still hold out hope for greater governmental transparency and the ability for citizens to freely voice their opinions.

China! The politicians I ordered from you recently are not as described. They smell bad right out of the box and they do nothing close to the product description. I am not satisfied! This is not acceptable! I am only giving you one red star again until I get my money back or you send me one or 500 plus more that truly like a beautiful and healthy America.

CHINA SUCKS

leadership in the usa,pretend both parties arnt the same while continuing on the same old policies!!

The new leadership has stressed it will make a priority of social spending and other measures to spread prosperity more evenly and narrow a politically volatile gap between China's wealthy elite and poor majority. These guys sound like our politicians and they still lie!!!!

why does the media sugar coat everything about china there not leaders there dictators they sent tanks to shoot down there own people . media said nothing when china built the bomb . and rockets that can reach the us .

Meet your new owners ERRR I mean lenders . Ask them if we can borrow a chance to survive......

"That's a good thing" said Zhu Feng, a professor of international relations at Peking University. Would a professor at Peking University dare say anything negative about the new leadership?New leadership of China looks very encouraging. I hope we improve and move closer to each other, a win-win.

I like Chinese politics...none of the hypocrisy that characterizes Western politics...it is what it is, a bunch of commies cutting up the pie.  Yum, yum.

What's new? It's still communist, same old people.

No need to picking on the Chinese "democracy" - its better than some others, just read the following joke:When it comes to electing their countries' ultimate leaders, American people proudly announce that they voted in the morning, they would know who is their new president by night the same day;the Chinese say, no good - on election day, they already knew one month ago who the president was;the Koreans say, no good, they already knew who the president was when they were kids;the Japanese now are perplexed--they say they have been voting voting electing electing for days for months and they still don't who would be the new Prime Minister;the Russians say all you guys are no good, we are the best--when our president gets tired, he just moves down to Secretary of State and current Secretary of State just moves up to president. And when he feels better again, he just moves back to the president job and the Current President just moves back down to Secretary of State;Now, the Cubans got shocked! They say, what? Wait a minute, you can change your leader? Our beloved Castro had been there when mankind was created!!We never knew you can change !!!!

Current Chinese Primer Li Keqiang once stayed at the home of Japanese leaders to learn from Japanese.

What we really want to know is if CHINA will continue to float the USA SEVEN PLUS TRILLION EVERY YEAR.I doubt this will go on much longer but who knows.  Its not like if the USA will ever be able to pay China back.  The gold is GONE! I suppose we can ask the BUSH'S and CLINTON'S where the gold went to........

They're gonna put Barry the communist socialist liberal terrorist kenyan atheist muslim traitor in power!!!!!!

How about squashing the korean fat boy like a bug?

"China's new leader Xi Jinping pledged a cleaner, more efficient government"   Well, the first thing you need to work on is getting rid of all those pig carcasses floating in the river.

They will install a giant fan and blow that #$%$ our way.China wraps up session to install new leadership, TRANSLATION:  the Fake FARCE was success fully perpetrated on my fellow Chinese. These EVIL CCP DICTATORS are in position to RAPE China's resources, MURDER innocent Chinese and STEAL Chinese money.

"We must resolutely reject formalism, bureaucrat ism, hedonism and extravagance, and resolutely fight against corruption and other misconduct in all manifestations," Xi said.Yes they will continue the same,yet somehow make it look different yet more attractive and desirable to the masses.They are all full of dung.Useless are all of them.Reprobates.Lowlife,murdering#$%$,God-haters.They are defiled and unfit for service.

now that Xixi is the leader, he is powerful as well as being ultra-rich. But you know how it is in China, one can't be rich without doing some serious injustice and preying on the weak and the ignorant and the greedy.

Will take time to go to the zoo and see the new panda's