I just love some of the comments.  Basically "don't let facts get in the way of my opinion!"

Facts are like mushrooms. You have to be careful which ones you pick.

You can spout any nonsense you want to get elected. But to be an effective legislator, you need to be able to separate fact from fantasy.

Reagan was the last repub elected with a majority of votes and this new wing of repubs throws him under the bus. Not sure if this new wing is against democracy.

All I can say is, I apologize for the idiots we send to Washington.  I certainly don't support these fools.

reagan didn't reduce spending, in fact, he tripled the national debt.

Reagan cutting spending   ---- that's a good one !!!

I loved listening to Ron Paul during the Republican primaries. Every time he would point out some fact that doesn't fit into the conservative news bubble - like how Reagan doubled the debt and raised taxes multiple times - the crowd would fall into an eerie silence.

In other words - Reagan stole the SS fund to fix his problems-- he increased the stealing by 91%  and just  think how much SS I would have gotten - if he hadn't stole it and had it managed correctly Gov pensions are untouchable tho

Why does the lame stream media  insist on  using facts and logic!

He's a media prostitute who will say and do anything to gain power. And he doesn't seem to have a lick of common sense. The WORST kind of politician there is. Can't Republicans come up with better people?The gop on foreign policy  = iraq war   --- the gop on fiscal  conservatism =  reagan tripling national debt and bush doubling national debt  .    The gop  on  family values = rush limbaugh and  newt gingrich and their combined  6 wives

Reagan ran up the national debt.  Reagan is a Republican hero.  Republicans think the national debt is only a problem when a Democrat is president.

The last  gop president to balance a budget was  eisenhower in  1956~!

Today is the anniversy of the Bush  Iraq war   which  has cost  2.5 trillion dollars ---- all of it borrowed  and with intrest will cost the usa   4.1 trillion dollars!

Republican revisionist history, say it ain't so! You should read some of those charterschool history books, it's a hoot!

I remember the Carter years all too well. Double digit inflation and a devalued dollar actually benefited me in agricultural machinery sales. The devalued dollar drove up agricultural  commodity prices and exports, that resulted in increased sales of machinery. Inflation also helped, because farmers knew the equipment was going to cost them more tomorrow than it was today, so there was a rush to buy equipment. The inflated dollar also meant they were going to pay the loan back with inflated dollars, despite the high interest rates. Yes, times were good back then. When Reagan took office, there was still the surge going on in '81. However, he and the Fed got inflation and high interest rates under control and our sales slowed for a while, then picked back up a few years later. However, despite agriculture's slow down, other industries picked up and the economy took off and we had the berth of the Yuppy Puppies. Remember them? We also have to remember the Cold War was still going strong and trade relations with China were almost nonexistent. You can't give the Presidents all of the credit or blame for the economy. Congress has more to do with it than the President. Something people and Political Writers should keep in mind.

The Republicans' Elaborate Lies Saga continues........

The GOP treats history the same way it treats the constitution and the Bible. Pick the parts that suit your agenda, invent parts that don't exist, and ignore the rest.

typical lying right wing Christian obstructionist, they really believe its okay to lie since they listen to lies every Sunday...

Raygun- Iran/Contra, Savings &amp; Loan Scandal, Armed Saddam Hussein, Osama bin Ladenand the Mujahadeen the forerunners of the Taliban! Who have we been fighting for the lastten years? And let's not forget the advent of the "trickle down" farce!Wasn't Raygun a B-movie actor from "gasp" Hollywood?

Hmm , well we know Obama has not cut regulation

Don't bother with hard facts for the unwashed conservatives sitting in their double-wides.  They won't believe them.

Cruz, another clown.

Just another Republican that sets off my child molester radar

I'd like to know what Ted Nugent and Sarah Palin have to say on the topic.  They are financial expurts.

Talk about fantasy.  I loved Reagan and thought he was a fine president overall, but this worship and reverence has now turned into bizarre revisionist history.  Reagan exploded the deficits and spending, and his budget director says so.  Reagan admitted openly that his greatest regret was leaving the country with large deficits and debt.The issue is where each started re spending and taxes.  Reagan started out with a top tax rate of 70% and his big tax cut to 35% did spur a great deal of jobs.  Obama inherited and kept the Bush tax cut w/ top rate of 35% - which obviously didn't stop job losses, so a 35% tax cut would have meant cutting the income tax to ZERO !!!And Reagan did NOT inherit the great recession, or see a total collapse of job producing industries such as housing and banking, and did NOT inherit 2 stupid expensive wars, and he did NOT have an economy that was 16 Trillion w/ a baseline of $4T iin annual spending.In fact - look it up - Reagan raised spending far MORE than Obama has by %.  In fact Reagan raised spending even more than FDR.The real problem was that GW Bush exploded spending his last year of his presidency setting up a bloated baseline that Obama couldn't just slash even if he wanted to.  Congress wouldn't have allowed it.  Neither McCain nor Reagan nor Romney would have slashed Bush's baseline either in 2009 because YOU CAN'T SLASH SPENDING DRASTICALLY DURING A LARGE RECESSION SINCE GOVERNMENT IS THE SPENDER OF LAST RESORT.  Unemployment would have gone up even further as gov jobs would have been slashed even more.ONLY Bill Clinton balanced the budget, and Obama is actually trying to follow his path.  Under Obama spending has gone up the LEAST % of ALL modern presidents, and taxes are the SAME as they were under Reagan's first term.Just to show you how hard it is to cut spending, just take a look at the doom and gloom about the sequester which cuts like only 2% of the budget.  The GOP presidents run up more debt than the dems do, just look it up.

Cruz must be smoking that Loco weed from Texas!

FActs and logic  .. the only two things  conservatives hate worse than gays and black people

Ronny was the pivotal reason for all of this countries foreign ills.  Ronny's first official presidential duty was to remove the solar panels off the white house,  granting wish from the oil barons; and then banned alternative energy to be taught in our universities!   Just a fraction of what he caused.  IMAGINE if we had kept the  panels up, we would have been a world leader in energy, instead we trail at best.  Who knows how advanced we would be today had they stayed.  How many vets would not be harmed and injuredTed Cruz, the New Mother of Invention ? Everytime this goober speaks its coming out the side of his face and after the election you'd figure these morons would do some actual fact-checking ?

Ronald Reagan, God Rest His Soul, SPENT His Way Back To Prosperity.

Reagan sold this country down the River to the mess we have today.  Might have been a nice guy, but he let men like Jack Abrahoff, Tom Delay, Newt Gingrich, Grover Norquist rape, steall and plunder the US Treasury for their own greed.  Reagan was undoubtedly the stupidest President we ever had, after W. Bush!  As for Cruz, God can only help us that MORONS actually elected this IGNORANT POS.

I sure am sick of blatant liars being covered by the 1st amendment. It doesn't cover yelling fire in a crowded building and it shouldn't cover blatant, gratuitous lying.

Anyone stupid enough to "believe this WARPED LYING TEA PARTY RE-UNITE/INVADE CUBA FOOL" should "invest on BONDO to FILL that VOID IN THEIR HEADS!!!!!!!!!!!!

Reagan increased spending on a drug war "just say no" that has been a total failure. Spawned by him watching "9 to 5" a movie with dolly pardon where she smokes a joint and he didn't think they should promote drug use hence red ribbon week. He gave millions in the iran contra only to have the same man in power today. He is responsible for subsidizing the high-fructose corn syrup industry. Its all in his diary if you would like to read it.

I give up on this society. We blame others for everything that is wrong and take no responsibility for our own actions. Republicans are too concerned about Obama's golfing trips, Democrats are too concerned about gun laws. We need to work together. UNITED WE STAND, DIVIDED WE FALL...

It was during Rayguns reign that all the factories pulled up stakes in the part of thecountry I grew up in!

He must have taken history classes with Sarah Palin and Michelle Bachmann.

If it's one thing that Republican ideologues can't stand, it's the facts.  They too often get in the way of their contrived view of the past.Well, at least he got it right that 0.8 is less than 1. Credit the Texas education system for something.

Typical Teapublican: make it up as you go along, and rely on the fact that those who are actually bothering to listen to you are too biased, stupid, or lazy to fact-check anything.

The one BIG LIE overlooked here is Reagan stole money from the SSI fund TO STIMULATE employment ( Federal / military ).  As a result we the children ( later baby boomers ) are being ripped off  of our hard worked PAYED IN SSI benefits.because of the double whammy applied by extreme job loss today (no incoming funds and Ray-guns handy work) . Ironicly these losers whine how there children will be denied these SSI funds ..Gee what about us ! We payed in a lot of sweat equity ! Reagan was a weak minded actor who was REPUG yes man. Hero HUH !

Since when do the republicans live in the real world? This guy needs to slow down he's making nothing but an a-- of himself.

Another delusional repub kissing the feet of reagan.

Lay off Cruz!  Cuban-Canadians Aren't Required To Know US History.

The funny part of this yahoo story is the FACT that if you go to Factchecks home page there are equally as many if not more stories of Obama and Pelosi and democrats making long stretches of truth as well. Yahoo just like to point out one side. Is anybody surprised?

Lets just hope the repubs don't try to run their so called poster boy for president when he is a canadian citizen all the #$%$ they tried to give Obama his birth certificate is canadian end of story.

Ya voted this wetback,no US history moron. Now ya gonna have to put up with his idiotic blatherings. Teabaggers will be kept busy trying to covering up for this guy. It'll be fun

Ted Cruz. Why is it that all Republicans manage to look like creepy child molesters?"Reagan increased both."This is true but, what was the cause? Remember Reagan raised taxes on the promise from Democrats to cut spending. The cuts never happened. The same thing happened to Bush #1.

" After his “fiscal cliff” tax deal, raising rates on upper-income households, the CBO projects they will rise to 16.9 percent in the current fiscal year — still lower than in any of Reagan’s eight years.)"LMAO ... You just conveniently forgot the 2% tax increase on ALL of us middle and lower-class tax payers!! THAT RAISES A HELL OF A LOT MORE MONEY THAN THE TAX ON THE RICH!! But, the author just forgot that.....

Well folks, he made a few booboos, distored the truth a bit and yes, told some real woppers.  But let's try and remember where dude is from.  He was probably educated there too.

More lame stream media using facts.

Welcome to the age of American mediocrity, goodbye to exceptionalism, certainly in journalism

Two things Republicans are really bad at: history and math.

Ted cruz go back to canada  -- no american wants you here

Ted Cruz suffers from the same disease seemingly all the right-wingers have..................Facts and reality have no part in their thinking.................It's all about twisting history to fit their preconceived idea of a world that doesn't really exist................It's called insanity..."Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence."-John Adams

I never let the facts get in the way of the truth. Or vice verse. Nice to see others feel the same way.

If the Republicans ever want to be taken seriously again, they can take one simple step:  QUIT LYING ABOUT PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!Can't recall Jimmy Carter ever going on the record as say that "Government can't solve the problem because government IS the problem..."

Reagan was also the only American president to negotiate with terrorists, Reagan raised Taxes 11 times in eight years and also raised the debt ceiling 17 times in eight years...Then, he spent, in 1980's dollars, $1,000,000,000,000 on star wars...which never even got off the launch pad, yet me and my kids are still paying for that one also!

This is not fact checking.  I just did fact checking on your fact checking.  You are proven wrong.  How does it feel to be exposed as a fact massaging schmuck?

oh no republicans hate facts and the truth

Facts are not something tea-party types are  interested in dealing with, seems to me their biggest motivation is hate they seem to feed off of it. For the GOP to stay relevant they should begin cutting ties with "wacko birds" now , That is a term John McCain used recently directed towards Sen. Cruz I like it,  seems to fit well  "wacko birds"

People better quit worrying about politicians and start worry about their families, their neighbor, and themselves.

yea, I like how he stated that Reagan didn't work.  He started out with nearly 20% inflation and down to little inflation.  Same with unemployment.   Sounds to me he is trying to put Obama and Reagan in the same sentence.  The two cannot be put into the same sentence Reagan was a great president.  Obama...well

When Regan spent money it was to build our military's strength. Obama spends it on things we have nothing to show for except debt.

This guy needs to crawl back under his Texas rock!  His comments and his ideas have no merit and are historically and rhetorically wrong in everyway.  He is playing to his TeaParty and looking to 2016 for a Presidential or Veep bid.  The RNC is now the PRC - Paul,Rubio and Cruz party. What a joke

FactCheck....really? C'mon Yahoo, we're not that stupid.Read or watch the MALAISE speech and you conclude for yourselves if Jimmy Carter had it right, or wrong.One thing for absolute sure is that Carter was just reporting what the economic system was going through and what it needed to turn it around.Reagan came in with David Stockman's ideas, which were later called Reaganomics but the fact is, as Stockman decries is that Reagan did not follow the total recipe and that is why we now are suffering the economic mess we are in, 33 years later.All Reagan did is let the banks go HOGWILD and the Fed printed money with a leverage index at a much, much higher rate  than before, so therefore banks had the FIAT money to burn and spend and that is when housing, and real estate went crazy upwards.All based on VOODOO ECONOMICS which is now biting us in the behind !!!Obama and his team have actually curtailed this mess and are now correcting the mess REAGAN MADE, that has hurt the country mortally.

Obama will go down as the worst failure as a President, he will succeed Carter for that Position.  I felt the damage Carter did for four years! He practically destroyed the family farms in less than 90 days with the Russian Grain Embargo. He gave away the Panama Canal that China now controls. I could go on and on.  The point is, Obama has yet rolled up his sleeves and gone to work as a President.

He was born in canada.(ship him back)him and rick perry make a good pair.

All it takes in Texas to win a Senate seat is to tell the surrounding illiterate audience exactly what it wants to hear.

Yahoo must really be getting worried.  Attacking up and coming conservatives while completely ignoring stories like the release of repeat offender illegals in Obamas budget tantrum.  Where is the Harry Reid story blaming budget cuts on the accidental deaths of Marines in Nevada.  The Dem party and Yahoo are in bed together...ick that means Pelosi too.

Who gives a #$%$ what happened those many years ago, what about now? How about we talk about the present?

Carter had double didget INFLATION

More liberal funny facts

Ted Cruz clearly understands nothing about anything. Additionally, Jimmy Carter gave Ronnie Raygun a SURPLUS when he left office, which Ronnie promptly gave away by cutting taxes on the rich, causing the surplus to evaporate and deficits to skyrocket.Sound familiar to any Bushes that have inhabited the White House?

Cruz is nothing but a PUNK - he can never get the facts straight!In regards to the economy the government does one of two things, it either encourages business or it discourages it. Without business there is no spending!

Republicans don't live in "The Real World".

What did you expect? These people live in an alternate reality that FOx and Rush have built up for them. So disconnected from reality, they were absolutely SURE Romney was going to win in a landslide!!

Teabagger kooks like Cruz are killing the GOP...which is just fine with me!

Why would Cruz be eligible to be President if Obama isn't ? Anybody ?

Just look at who elected Cruz to the public dole, scheit kickers and Texass hicks. Rafael Cruz exploits low information voters who are not interested in facts but rather cheap rhetoric. Cruz is a modern Joe McCarthy that mugs for the camera at every opportunity and is like a zoo keeper whose only job is throwing red meat to the inmates.

Cruz either doesn't know, or is willfully ignorant, on topics of history, economics, and the Constitution. Based upon his resume, I'd say he's willfully ignorant.

Ted Cruz is the perfect Tea Party candidate.

Cruz need to take a long cruise, or better yet an indefinite snooze...

Twisted is spending a trillion dollars more than we take in for the past 4 years with little to show for it other than real world inflation!!!I think that some Facts need checking here...Under Carter we had food shortages, gas shortages, hour+ long gas lines and high unemployment. Things were SOOOO BAD under the Carter administration that the media even coined a new term for what we were going thru under Carter... they called it the "Misery Index". And then we had the Iranian Hostage Crisis during his term.Reagan's spending led to fall of the old Soviet Union and he inherited a far worse economy from Carter than Obama inherited from Bush, and Reagan's economy led to record employment.

Another editorial passing itself off as a news story.   Much of it is correct (though a good bit of it is misleading in the context the author is using), but none of it is hard news.   It's an editorial with the pretty clear intent of deflecting criticism away from the current administration's policies by using Reagan as a red herring.In other words, just another day at Yahoo "news".

Ted Cruz.  another uneducated baboon.  Take my advice.  Read, get educated, then speak.  Hopefully, it would be worth listening.  Don't be like Palin who doesn't read at all or perhaps can't.  same difference.

FactCheck is anything but unbiased. It is a liberal biased organization. It was originally started by a conservative Reagan supporter (Walter Annenberg) but was taken over by his family after his death who are liberals with connections to Obama and Bill Ayers. Unbiased? I think NOT!

The stuff we make up gets proven wrong time after time. No biggie - Joe Publican

I think this whole article is bunk. And the website source should check its facts for authenticity. By the way, who runs the website anyway? Undoubtedly liberal Obama lovers. Prove me wrong.Maybe it's like Wikipedia and you can add your own facts, true or not.

Cruz is just another lying teabagger douche with his own contrived facts and inaccurate knowledge of history. But idiot GOPigs and baggers will eat his siht up with a spoon regardless. Stay stupid, GOPigs!

Figures lie and liars figure.  Reagan was a patriot attempting to end the cold war and buttress America as the leader of freedom and justice in the world.  Obama is a subversive Marxist attempting to destroy the country.

How does government spending help the over all economy when in order to spend you have to either print money (inflation) or siphon revenue from the private sector?

Cruz's mouth is always open and making 'slash and burn' statements.  His mouth will eventually burn this flash 'no knowledge' in the pan guy.   He's is the guy who supposedly knows all and never listens.  SAD Sad sad.!!!!O MY GOLLY. Imagine that the republicans aren't as wonderful as they think they are. Who would have ever guessed that.

Maybe Sen. Cruz things that it is "Opposite Day."

@Danny...No, Hoover, the republican that succeeded in sending us into a depression was the worst president eve...closely followed by W, Bush, who damn near succeeded himself!  Obama don't even come close!

Maybe this person should have also posted food stamps and welfare at a record high.. cell phones given out and courting mexican residents who want food stamps.. I dont ever remember Reagon doing that..

Politics:  The art of telling your audience what they want to hear.

Reagan used the CIA to deal crack cocaine to the inner city in order to fund his personal agenda. That’s what he did to fund his illegal war in South America.    Fact!!!!!

How about fact-checking all those doomsday scenarios the Administration spewed about sequestration?   Or how about Harry Reid blaming sequestration for the terrible tragedy in Nevada and the deaths of brave Marines.?

What is FactCheckFact Check is a propaganda wing of The Annenberg Foundation.Its full title is Annenberg Political Fact Check.Who ran Annenberg Chicago?Barack Hussein Obama was on the Board of Directors from 1995-2001, and was the Chairman from 1995-1999.He disbursed $60 million to liberal causes

Journalism is dead... along with this country

Twisted facts from a twisted republican. Nothing new here.Carter was the second worse president in history, We now have the first.

So it doesn't matter that during Carter's administration, mortgage interest rates and inflation topped 18%, a month after "negotiating" an arms deal with Breshnev, the Soviet army invaded Afghanistan, Iran overran the American embassy in Teheran and held Americans hostage for over a year (subsequently reinstating draft registration), gutted our military and let's not forget the long lines at the gas stations.  Yeah, Carter was a real peach.

This may shock Tea Party Republicans but nobody else. Cruz is a fraud and has figured out just how easy it is to get elected in Texas, simply lie. George Bush did it, Rick Perry did it and now Rafael Cruz is doing it by telling his base anything they want to hear, lies.

Watch out Senator Cruz, the Liberal Media has you in their sights!

An important article that every citizen here should read.  It gives true clear cut easy to understand truth to the situations of then plus todays.

Here we go again...listing the facts!  I'm sure that anti-President Obama legions will be will lose their minds talking about the "liberal media."  Of course, this article doesn't discuss how Reagan decimated the middle class, taking away gov't assistance for college and afterschool programs, and how big business and the elite never truly stepped up after receiving trillions in tax breaks...

Ronald Reagans success came from cutting taxes and regulation. We had an economic expansion second to none during his terms. His supply side economics debunked economic theory of that era. We now have such a dumbed down no skill society now, I am not sure what type economic theory would work. Without an manufacturing base we are not even in the game.

Reagan increased REVENUES by reducing tax rates from confiscatory levels to sensible levels that encouraged growth rather than tax sheltering.  Unfortunately the DEMOCRATIC congress refused to budge on spending and the debt became what it was.  It was actually coming down (in terms of real dollars) the last three years of his Presidency

Watch out Senator Cruz, / Chaz Bono the Liberal Media has you in their sights!

This guy fits right into the GOP fox bundle , never let the truth stop from talking..lol. What a joke these guys are...republicans are resurrecting a refurbished political policy called lie like you've never lied before. goes way back past nixon and even the gilded age cons. just a word of warning

The REAL facts: (1) Government revenue doubled under Reagan (2) The Democrat controlled House and Senate spent $1.58 for every dollar received.  Reagan had to concede to that in order to gets his tax cuts through.

Interesting how Yahoo CENSORS out the truth, while allowing uniformed people's posts to stand....

Tip ONeal and the democratically controlled congress forced Reagan to agree to increase taxes because the deficits were getting larger never conceding to the fact that spending was out of control while tax revenues were increasing.

Luckly for him, Cruz was talking to the same idiots as he is. Most of those in  CPAC are too dumb to know that he is wrong and the ones that do know haven't enough moral fiber to repute what he says. So Cruz is either ignorant or lying, but Republicans don't care and   they hope there are enough people are too stipid to know the difference. Cruz can join the other ignorants, like Baukman, Palen, McCain, and the list goes on and an

Mr. Jackson, you had better check your facts again. And selecting SOME facts that are true does not make  your conclusion valid. I lived through "Carter days" and DOUBLE DIGIT interest rates. Was this also part of bank deregulation?  I lived through Reagan's administration. Yes, he had a hard first term, but you conveniently leave out comment on  his second term. He surely did better than Obama is doing now. Basically, he saved this country from the inept hands that had it for four years prior.Just one more comment. Do you really believe that your Obama worship is going to impress me or others  who have seen the train wrecks he has created?

The lamestream anti-American liberal propaganda media is scared to death of Sen Ted Cruz and is doing everything possible to discredit him.

Most people wouldn't know the truth if it hit them in the face. The party of no has ruined our government. Sorta like the kid who took his bat and ball, ran home and wouldn't play.  Sprinkle in a little greed and there she blows old boy.

There are 2 versions of fact check- one that is the truth and the one (approved by the state run lap dog media masters) used in this article . need to fact check the fact checkers...

Is this journalism....to be constantly supporting the administration. You make a big headline and then say oh this is true, and that is true, however. Left wing propaganda.Ted Cruz trying to become relevent in the national spotlight. Just another bobble head in Texas politics.

Why do republicans have to lie about everything?

Reagan created growth through federal deregulation. Spending increases were modest compared to Obama, and it wasn't blown trying to create jobs out of thin air, and green energy that no one could afford. He did slow spending growth, and cut taxes, which made more jobs. More jobs, more people working, and more tax revenue. Common sense, but I digress, "Common sense and logic are foreign to the liberal mind."

I can tell by the comments posted here that the strategy is working. Divide and conquer. At least some of you get it. This country is run by corporations. Not Demapublicans or Republicrats!

I experience OBama care regs first hand as a hospital nurse Electronic medication is so tedious and time consuming it leaves no time for patient care. Nurses generally spend 90% of their time documenting various reg requirements than interacting with patients.

And so the witch hunt for Ted Cruz begins. Good luck...you're gonna need it. Ted won't stop and we won't stop supporting him.

How bout when he was Cher and Sonny's little girl ?

Wheres the article on Oblamers twisted views? Keep up the good work Ted, ya got em scared.

from ted's twisted mind

And the media continues to prop up the chimp Obama.Ted’s Twisted History . Chaz BONO

How about Fact Checking Yahoo's bias toward liberal fascists - instead of freedom loving americans.  In Yahoo's world anyone who is not a big governemnt control liberral must be make irrelevant.  Reagn was a great communictator and his big prbolem what that he trusted the liberal democrats to cut spending - he shoudl have treated the liberal democrats and the liberal press with he same trust he treated the soviets  - they both had/have the same ideas about individual freedom.

Maybe the facts FactCheck is checking needs to be fact checked.  They did sneak in the fact at the end that the debt is going toward 76% of GDP, under Obama, versus 41% under Reagan. Anytime an article starts defending the disastrous financial record of Jimmy Carter, "you should take it with a grain of salt."

Liberals would call you a racist!

More socialist propaganda - I lived through the Carter years and the Reagan years.  Absolutely no comparison.  As a matter of fact, Carter and Reagan combined to convert me from a democrat to republican.

Cruz is too wet behind the ears to make any assessment of our current situation

Another politician with short term memory loss.

I know you all dont like this, but I believe the best government is divided government.  Just look at how much Gingrich and Clinton got done after the Gubmint shutdown.  Yes, yes, I know they impeached Clinton - but I'm talking in terms of policy, not just politics.

more absolute lies from yahoo --what a surprise ! Please passs this before fact checkers and you will see Cruz is correct. If  we hadnt gotten rid of stupid ol Jimmy in 80 , American women would be wearing burkas by now and the economy would have been worse than it is now. The measures taken by Reagan have had a lasting effect that even 8 years of Clinton couldnt destroy entirely

So if it was bad for Reagan, then why does it make it ok for Obama? Plus, they admitted Reagan stimulated growth by cutting taxes, which is the opposite of what Obama thinks, and Reagan had to spend a ton on military and that was the cause of the debt- not "deregulation."ted cruz is another stupid Texan tell us something we do not already know.

More slanted media bias.....yoohoo news facts....just rewritten.

You can say what you want about Cruz the problem is he is correct about what Regan was able to accomplish...I dont see Obama even being able to lick the dirt off Regans boot when it comes to leading a country!

Nothing new, Republicans have been trying to rewrite history for decades

Both sides balance each other's excesses (Tea Party for the Right and the Congressional Progressive Caucus on the Left) when they govern TOGEHTER.  Peace.

You know, numbers are like prostitutes; once you get them on the sheets you can pretty much do whatever you want with them.  But thanks... for exposing 'factcheck' as just another media lapdog of the dems.

Ted Cruz...politics not as usual.

Who ever wrote this lying story didn't mentioned under carter the new federal agencies, which cost more tax monies,look it up and both senate&amp; house,  congress,  (total control by demoncrats!! They kept spending when he asked for tax reduction!!  look that up!!!! He, she, orthem who wrote this story loves the spin and this should have been in the "emperor's" state of the union speech!!!

It's all true. Can't argue with it. I wouldn't necessarily be proud of "deregulation." That was quite a dirty word during the financial crisis. I guess in a really twisted way, we can blame Jimmy Carter for that too. Poor guy can't catch a break.

Cruz for President! Sorry you miss informed low information voters and Yahoo employee ding dongs that weren't even alive during the Carter or Reagan years. When you finally make some money in your free lance careers you will soon move to the point of your life when you will understand real economics.... Shut up and pay your taxes and student loans like a good cool aid drinker. Sorry, you might not make enough to pay taxes yet....Once again left wingers are out to crush Cruz.

The libs are upset because Cruz called out that phoney Feinstein and showed  just how ignorant she and most dems are when it comes to the constitution. So now the attacks begin....boo hoo..boo hoo !

i remember the commerical celebrating 10.9% interest on new volkswagon's during carter's administration....

Wow!  The media tears Cruz apart, but lets Traitor Obama lie and lie and lie and destroyour laws and our constitution and they just set on their fat Asses!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It is time for the media to get off their Ass and report the true facts not just the ones against Traitor Obams's lies!  Tell the facts assholes!!!!!!!!!!!!

Interest rates for home loans under Peanut Carter was 20% or more, typical liberal slanted reporting

Are you an independent news source or a spokesperson for the Democratic National Committee??

If this came to me in a USPS letter, I'd call it "hate mail".

bendover and fillmycrevous.

Yahoo, could you please  fact check Oblamer's statements on Oblamercare because there are a few small problems that he failed to point out in his glorious praise of his baby.

Message bothers you, well attack the messenger, disregard the message as nonsense or better yet bend it to suit your agenda. Apparently he has some upset and some scared and more still applauding his efforts. He will the lightening rod for attacks for some time to come.I am sure the administration is digging feverishly for dirt to use to rein him in to make him sit down and shut up.This article is laughable, it only it weren't so sadly wrong.So, to sum things up: Carter - Good....... Reagan - Bad.....  Hahahahahaha!!!!!OK, and Obama is going to heal the planet and lower sea levels right?Journalism is dead....

It's no different in how Obama is treated, by both sides. He's a moderate Republican who leans right. But according to the right, he's a liberal and according the left, he's a mild moderate to liberal. Only real liberals know he's not a liberal, by any means. Read his dang so called "amnesty" bill, if 2% of the illegal population could actually achieve legal status, I'd be shocked. It's lip service and almost impossible to attain.

Just keep your eye on Cruz - let him work -he is the real deal for  "We The People" - he is not  constrained by the left vs. right paradigm -

Even if the Senator is horribly confused....it's only towards the end of the article that you get to the figures that realy matter: a depiction of the debt relative to it's economic impact.  That is, relative to the productive output of the economy.And, as the article makes clear, there's no issue there.  Relative to GDP our debt spirals ever upward to once unimaginable percentages.A few other quick points:1.  Isn't it possible that federal revenues rose in the Reagan years because tax rates FELL?So there was more business activity and less tax avoidance.2.  All tax cuts are not the same.3.  Reagan cut out some wasteful federal social programs (anyone remember CETA?).  But much of the spending increase was in defense.  And didn't that reap a huge benefit by contributing to the collapse of the Soviet Union...which could not keep pace?  How do you factor in that contribution.4. We're in a situation now where so-called entitlements represent some 40% of the federal budget.  And growing. Can we afford this? What is the moral hazard of Americans depending on these programs?

TC2016!!!

Brooks Jackson, they let you write?    How old are you?   Arthur C. Burns was printing and borrowing money like a crazy man, while Carter piled on the costly regulations.  Capital gains tax was at an outrageous high.  The stock market lived between 650 and 950.  Reagan sends Volker over to Europe to find out how to whip double digit inflation, a falling dollar, and sky high interest rates.  Volker came back and said, we need to unregulate and save.  The printing presses came to a halt, taxes were cut ALOT, the government got out of the people's way and off their back, and the economy took off.  Personal income expanded mightily, and expanded the tax revenue as well.  Interest rates stabilized and came down as more real savings, not printed money, became available to compete for making loans.  BOOM went the economy.    IMAGINE THAT BROOKS.

Reagan was an articulate conservative who scared the daylights out all enemies of the United States of America both foreign and domestic.   He did cure double digit interest rates and unemployment he inherited from Jimmy Carter( who was the wimpiest president EVER)

What an Obama #$%$-sucking propaganda piece! Who checks FactCheck.Org? Seems to be some "fuzzy math" goin' on here. If Reagan's former budget director is so reputable why is his name missing from this article?His name was #$%$ Stockton and he was nothing but a pencil necked dweeb of political opportunist who couldn't run with the Big Boys when it came to the big-time numbers game. He choked and washed out on the national scene so he went the way of liberal media lap dog.

What the Duck!! please to not read anything labeled "fact check" and assume it is actually factual.  It is just another person passing on their own statistical view.  i love the one about obama reducing spending for one term when reagan did not.  i will ignore the FED policies and congressional makeup that obviously affect these figures and just say #$%$.  This is a ridiculously dumb article. go read what actually happened and just ignore this #$%$

Reagan was a LEADER and Carter was the most embarassing FAILURE to hold the office;  however, Carter's failures have been ECLIPSED by the current occupant of the White House.Boy, these wackadoodle liberals have everything about 180 degrees out of phase. Revenue ballooned during Reagan and the Congress out spent him 2-1. The great bedget deal was $3 of spending cuts for every dollar of tax increase. Never happened. The Congress spent like drunken sailors. Reagan should have used his veto pen like a sword. That brings up a question. When did they start baseline budgeting? Automatic budget increases of 8% a year.

So fact check basically says everything Cruz says about Obama's out of control spending, while defending Carter a little.  Also it points out that Reagan cut taxes and spent money.  Both Obama and Reagan cut the unemployment rate.  Not sure what we are fighting about.

Seriously, Democrats are sub-humans. Why don't all of you just pack up and leave my country? Go to North Korea or Syria or some other shiithole where you belong with your thug-in-chief, Obama.

The Dems controlled both house &amp; senate and the purse strings-they lied to Regan and said if he did abc then they would cut taxes- They didn't and that is why the debt increased.

Our muslim is on a fast pace to destroy America economically. I dont believe the libatards do not see the moron cannot add. Two plus two before.

Ronnie was a true American hero, the 1979 economic down turn was way worse than this one I know I lived and worked in both. A lot of these Yahoo writers were never there.

I like how the writer praises Obama for the fact that spending dropped an enormous (sarcasm to make a point) 1.7% last year. and a rise of .4% this fiscal year- well its rather easy to cut spending when in his first 3 years he has out spent ALL previous presidents combined - so in reality it should be easy to cut it by 1.7%, but the writer is acting like Obama has cured cancer or something.