I guess Hispanics are only considered white when it's to the media's advantage acording to this article.

Gimmeagig, is that true? I never knew, always wondered why all of a sudden you can't call an Asian "Oriental". Especially since most of them are from the "Orient" as described on maps and globes.  My wife is Chinese, and she has no problem with it. But then she's from China and no one calls them "Orientals" over there, they call them Chinese.  Well thanks for the info!

The problem is with the media and our representatives...this is not about the decline of whites it's about the decline of our national identity as Americans. It appears everyone wants to be associated with their ethnicity instead of becoming and being a United States citizen and our politicians and programs are pandering to special groups of people instead of representing citizens of the US as a whole.

I find it humorous that in an article about blurring the racial lines they refer to president Obama as "black".  No mention of his white mother.  What a joke.

Well if they're not white then how did George Zimmerman become a "white" hispanic? The press made sure he was called "white".

Watch how quickly minority rights disappear the day whites become the minority.

I dont have a problem with people coming to this country for a better way of life [if they do it legally] all of our ancestors did.But I do have a problem with people coming here to scam the system, bring children into the world that they cant afford and politicians who encourage this behavior to win elections.

It will be about economics, not skin color.  It's always about the money.

The issue is not about race or nationality. When the illegal path to citizenship is easier than the legal path, we are in trouble. Enforce the laws and secure the border.

People used to come to the US and have respect for it. Now there is no respect for it and they treat it like an entitlement program. Have a kid and get a check, immigration laws apparently are for others and America owes them.  We will be a third world nation before long.

I noticed there are a lot of stories about whites not being the majority, Hispanics - either legal or the 30+ illegals multipying more than whites and blacks, where are the stories about the real future. The population of the US should be about 600 million in about 20 years, who will feed these people, where will the clean water come from? Where will jobs be created for all these new millions. Maybe it's time to worry about the 300 million that are already here.