This is going to destroy the advertising base of a number of newspapers.  I've seen some with as much as half the pages consisting of legal notices.  Always follow the money.  This is a deliberate effort to undermine the newspaper industry and further dumb down the public.

A gag order on at least three levels.

It has nothing to do with a "digital divide". It has to do with politicians not wanting the public to know that they're doing. Not everybody has cable TV. Not everybody has internet access. We are talking about rural areas here.

Actually, that is not a bad idea.  Newspaper listings are an expensive antique.

I am in arizona and I want them to publish in the papers because many don't have and in some cases don't even know how to use the internet. but they do read the news papers.

definetely a way to create brotherly love and lasting peace in the world.

um...NO....KEEP the notices public, schecky...

Why can't they just put the notices in the mail? In English only!

Follow the money. Where's the money coming from to back this?

Republicans will do anything to turn this country into a dictatorship. The first thing to go in a dictatorship is the press.Most towns have a cable access channel that has multimedia functions also !! Also many city buildings in Arizona have it displayed on monitors TVs at city buildings.

OH MAN!  Next thing you know they are going to stop using horse and buggies!

They want to kill the messenger.

nail 'em to the courthouse dooractually you could easily keep some kiosks at the courthouse or city hall with access to all the notices and filtered/sorted in any reasonable way to cut down search time. You could use  some cheap-o Linux  boxes to keep down costs.

This is a terrible expense for local governments.  Do you realize what newspapers charge for the space to publish notices??  It is not, and should not be, the responsibility of the taxpayers to keep small papers in business.  IF the loss of this revenue would cause the paper to fold; that is because no one is reading it anyway!There are other ways to make this information available to the public.

Voting for less transparency?  Sounds pretty Republican to me.

They know people don't read the newspaper anymore what are they trying to hide

the notices should be tattooed to the lawmakers' foreheads

newspapers are dead !!!

the only think that people read about in the newspapers in arizona is how things are looking 'back home.'Yep just like repubs, if you can't lie about it hide it and make it a surprise for everyone. Like old ronnie RayGun did when he screwed vets out of their benefits in secret. Instead of grandfathering the law he just screwed WWI, WWII, Korean War and Viet vets out of what they were promised.

Seriously, people under the age of 60 still read a newspaper?  Even my parents in their late 70's don't bother they go online and my dad is about as rural as it gets.  There are other options.  If over half of the papers are legal notices then obviously that is only thing keeping the paper open because no one is reading it.  TV, automated phone calls, signs, free internet at cafes ....

This is absolutely ridiculous.  This eliminates a lot of poor people from having the ability to receive information.

Seems like a no-brainer......times change.  The newspaper is only read by a faction of the people who use to read it.

Wouldn't want the pesky public to know what we're doing, they'd just get in the way.  What do they think this is, a Democracy (Democratic Republic, just in case I get any of the "it's not a Democracy, it's a Republic!" fanatics)?

Another example of the repubs disregard for lower income people.  If you can't afford or don't know how to use the Internet, you just don't count with the repubs.  So much for their new "face."

Cover-up

Brought to you by the same party that loves to limit voter turnout.

Republicans trying to hide what they're doing?   What a shock.

Nobody reads newspapers anymore.  They are a waste of trees too.Public notices should be posted in conspicuous public places - like lamp posts, public parks, or city hall. Newspaper is becoming obsolete.  Internet requires search. Combination of public bulletin boards and Internet would be ideal.  And it's free !

The GOPhers are just trying to secure their stranglehold on rural Arizona, the gerrymandered districts that keep them in power in this independent state.

Its only effective if you can read and actually buy a paper, then get past the comics and the Walmart ads, then the sports, garage sales, dear abbey, horoscopes and for sale items.

Hidding Constructive notice from the avg citizen not expecting to see the notice online won't know what their gvt is up to..............until its too late to object, voice at hearings, ect....

It is the way they want,so people will not be able to find out the sweetheart deals,between the crooked politicians and the contractors,only after the fact,but never before,so will be too late for the people to know right away,what is going on.Not too many people like to watch news in line,papers are still relevant.

Sammiches!!!!

Newspapers are dying.

If a newspaper needs to rely on a gov't notice to stay in business, it needs to go bk.

Socialist Government at it's best

Most people are not engaged in local politics until after the law has changed. Those who care have NO PROBLEM finding the agenda for the next council meeting.The digital divide, the economic divide, the food divide, the educational divide, the justice divide, the racial divide, the ethnic divide and the sexual divide.   Common word?  Divide.  The lefts favorite tactic.   They firmly belive that EVERYBODY is a victim and too stupid to make it in life on your own and NEED the Gov't to kiss all of lifes boo boos for you.  The Left is the biggest binch of actual racists there are, by catagorizing and stereotyping for political gain.

Thank God for the Republicans in America or this nation would be in a much bigger mess than it currently is under the Democratic regime.

It will be interesting to see if this has any impact on people getting totice of things. I live in a very rural area, do not get a news paper and never look on line for local news. I just ask what is the latest when I am in town twice a month or so.When they put in a dairy queen a number of years back It was up and running 6 months before I even knew it was there. Yep I am really locally aware. ROTFL

No worries, the lost print ad revenues from legal notices will be replaced with new revenues from recreational marijuana dispensaries

Geez. The stuff people choose to get all riled up over.....

Yet another example of how the politicians don't want us to know what they're doing.  As one was quoted, he doesn't want ANY notices to tell us what they're doing.And, as we can see, this isn't a partisan issue.  Both parties want to keep us in the dark about what they're doing.

Jan Brewer always was and will be a joke.

Lots of folks don't use the Internet or even own a computer.  Are they non-citizens now?

Oh BTW, whatever happened to the relic, SB 1070? HA! HA! A tiger without teeth!

How many people read public notice's I get 2 newspapers a day have i net and watch T V news. Never read public notices who dose? and why?why is this national news?

With all of the problems facing Arizona, THIS is what they choose to do?  Instead of job creation?  Education?  Taxes???  Moved there and lasted for six months, could not stand the politics and f..k you attitude of the people.  They don't like cops, don't like taxes, don't like to be told ANYTHING and vote everything down.  Where Missouri is the "show me" state, Arizona is the "against everything" state, especially anything that is actually good for the people.

Press repressionGOP at its best

Newspapers should be required to provide "FREE" space for government public notices! Like the free public safety annoucements used to be....Oh golly, I forgot nothing is free, except Obama stuff!

Allahzona, land of the nuts! This state is behind the times, just like its tiger law without teeth, SB 1070...remember this relic folks?

Hey media, I love how you are so anti-gun but cry FREEDOM when anything at all tries to close your voice down in any way. F in Hypocrits

Why should taxpayers pay for notices in the newspaper that hardly anyone ever reads?  Most people only read the paper on Sundays.  And then only for the sales circulars and the coupons.

We are in the middle of a revolution and this change is harder for some people than others. We older folks never heard the word "online" until, what, thirty years ago? But younger people have grown up with "online" being as common as "Hershey Bar". Consider that now people pay their bills online, make hotel reservations online, buy plane tickets online, (some of us buy just about everything online). In apartment buildings residents are notified online when the mail has arrived in the mailboxes and whether a package has arrived in the mail room. When we have a test at our doctor's office, the results are sent to us online. When we want to look for yard sales, we go to Craigslist. We Google for all possible information (until recently the only Google we knew was Barney. the one with the Goo Goo Googly Eyes). Meanwhile newspapers get smaller and thinner and have MUCH less information in them, even fewer ads, and every day another magazine goes out of business.  But I hear older people say of computers "I wouldn't have one in the house" which actually means "I don't know how to use a computer". And everybody has heard stories of older people having to be instructed on computers by their young grandchildren or even great-grandchildren. This truly is a revolution---one that is generational--- and it's all happened pretty fast.  Let us be tolerant and try to help one another.

Arizona is CLEARLY America's Rectum!

Brewer is a nutcase, so is Fat boy Arpio, they have destroyed the state! Allahzona is a poor state anyways folks!Laugh, if you wish, but when newspapers disappear so, in part, does the bedrock of freedom. Newspapers do not get their monies from subscriptions but from advertisements and legal notices. Newspapers are the ones who ask questions that others are afraid to ask. Newspapers help a community stay a cohesive community. Newspapers let their readers know not only about events that have happened, but about upcoming events. They also let their readers know about the fraud going on in the city, county, state or federal government. They tell you about what is good in the community and what might be going wrong in the community. Yes, many read the news on computers, but they don't get it all as they do in the newspapers. Plus, there are still many, many people who do not own or know how to use a computer or other electronic items to download the news, etc. This does not mean they are illiterate or do not count, it means either they choose not to have one, or they may not be able to afford one. There are many others who live where they cannot get the information any way but a newspaper.

First Republicans bought up every decent newspaper in America and turned them into garbage while bleeding off every asset the papers held. Now they want to cut off one of the last remaining sources of income for small-town newspapers trying to survive. You can't cheat, lie and steal every moment of every day while all these newspaper are pointing it out.

bigfoot michelle has a very huge phat aze LOL. too much fried chicken and watermelon. barry supporters suuk

What ya expect from the dirt poor state of Allahzona folks!

Boy, is Allahzona behind the times-well, they did vote for Fat Boy Arpio &amp; Brewer!

,,people still pay to read a newspaper?..

If you are a right winger yahoo gives you a approval badge..a policy started by the women who funded john mc cain yahoo is a commie outfit

ARIZONA REPUBLICANS ARE KKK TEA PARTY NUT CAKES

Let me guess, the biggest critics are newspaper lobbyists? More government spending that can't be adjusted due to a dependency on the government nipple. Kinda like the mail, railroad, banks, etc. America looking more communist everyday….

newspapers are going the way of the buggy whip, the telegraph, and soon hopefully mccain , reid, hillary the bag lady, obama and the rest of the unconstitutional moe's illegal regime in DCArizona, seems that they want an uniformed public to make "informed" choices or is that the point.

Who says they love the smell and touch of newspapers? Who did she talk to, Goldmember.

-"Public notices have been in newspapers for years. It has been a very effective way to notify the public of what the government is doing," said Paula Casey, executive director of the Arizona Newspapers Association. -As I read this on Yahoo......Newspapers had decades to change with technology and the market.

This seems like a dumb move on the GOP's part. Most RED constituents are older and whiter - and therefore less likely to get their news online. We believe you should convey important civic news via as many ways as possible - but particularly using a platform that meshes best with your demographic.

Ever try to navigate a municipal website? good luck. just another way to try to keep citizens in the dark

why not use clay and cuniform like they did in ancient egypt?

"But Democratic Rep. Lisa Otondo, of Yuma, said the changes would still leave some residents in the dark."I love newspapers and, as I heard someone say, I love the smell of them and I love the touch of them, but this just isn't about newspapers," she said. "It's about the digital divide that exists in Arizona."She loves the "touch" of them? What, exactly, is Rep Otondo DOING with these newspapers? "Enquiring minds want to know!"

It's all just a ploy by republicans to hide what they do from the average person. Their own base won't care too much, they'll believe whatever they're told, but the rest of the population might not be able to get access so easily. A lot of people still have no cable, and no, MOST towns do not have a cable access channel, and if they do, it's still privately run. Getting a message broadcast may or may not be so easy if they disagree with your message. The ability to dictate what gets published does NOT mean the inherent right to dictate the price, and it should be made fair across the board for all concerned.

Many people, senior citizens included, still get their information through the newspaper.  Just because you don't read the newspaper doesn't mean millions of others don't.  Lots of folks can't afford computers or fancy phones and still get information by way of the newspaper.  These notices need to continue to be posted.

75 percent of lickers are fat, rump rangers are not. why ?That is kind of stupid - to waste taxpayer dollars printing notices in newspaper illegal mexican alien invaders can't even read anyhow because they "no habla Inglais" the entire state is being over-run with sweaty lice-infested illegals..no money to even buy a paper.