Sending Lew to China.  BIG MISTAKE!!!  After all, this is the nut that's behind the sequester.

There goes our skkumm filled government on they're way for another round of treason against the Citizens of the United States. Selling out We The People as fast as they can.Buy guns and ammo people, its about time for some political cleansing. We must save ourselves from the sleazy, treasonist ex-ambulance chasers that have comandeered our Political and Justice Systems.

It helps when you have a Chinese sounding name "Lew".

you have to laugh at this Yew also had cayman island bank accounts paying no taxes. Where does obozo find these dead beats. oh you right he donated 50k to obozo's super pac fund and got to get into the white house while the rest of the nation is told that they have no money.

Lew tells China:  "I just want to for-warn you that either Moody's and Fitch will likely lower the debt rating on US Treasuries, but we intend to standby our interest payments.  Pay no attention to the discount that the bonds will incur, you will get your money back.  Pay no attention to the fact that US insurance companies holding Treasuries for reserves may have to sell them.  Treasuries are a good investment.  Although we do not expect a downgrade, we are working hard not to include Moody's in the lawsuit against S&amp;P, but those pesky New Yorkers got greedy."

Were screwed again.

"Please buy more our debts", Lew plead....

Do not trust the Chinese

Headline should read "Lew pays respect ..."

"Mr Rew, so happy to see you brought your check book."America getting instructions from their new master, China.

How much more of our country is the lew person about to give away to Chine?

Hope Lew is smart enough to check his pockets when he leaves.

Mandian, A hoax agency...Say no more!!

Stop chinese hegemony!

The black panthers and muslim brothers have been in bed with the Chinese since the cold war and I'm sure the Teflon Turd wants to keep up the relations which he thinks he can secretly gain political power from. Have another cup of juice. LOL!

The problem w/ those reckless youngs on line: They don't have any brains and failed to learn any thing in life but the propaganda of the past...China has the largest Luxury Car market in the world that shall teach them to heed!!!

China needs the USA more than the other way around.

After Lew pulls his tongue out of the Chinese leaders butt, will he ask him about the spy scandal or the hacking or the dumping of goods?  Or will he give him a big sloppy kiss?

That picture tells allot about how China views the US, You walk towards me and shake my hand because I (Country)am above you, I thought common Curtis is to meet and greet. A little disrespectful if I may say.There is no reason to shake another mans hand in greeting.  It is a gesture true of a 'deal verbal' which has been struck by two people and ones word.

Too funny............the picture shows both men extending their hands in a shake.  In Asia or China you bow..with respect.  The hand shake began in order to show you had nothing 'like a gun of knife' in your hand.What are the more subtle points of a hand shake?  Some male bonding of sorts? lol

Okay you all suggested everything but tax incentive to hire US citizens... outsourcing on a mass scale and Hiring H1Bs, green and illegals you might think is good for your bottom line but when your customers can no longer afford to buy your products made in communist countries at any price maybe you will realize that as long as the customer can afford to pay the bill the customer is always right. Stop laying off your customers after you send their jobs to communist countries and the economy will grow.

look he thinks he is big man of the world  let them be down.

Lest negotiate with these filthy rat Chinese Commies and bend over for them just like the Muslims

two major missions for chinese new leader are control the corruptions and stop  japanese invasion.if fail one of these,he should step down.

Roar. Making deals with the devil only gets you raped by demons. Wake up America...

Sold out again.......screw the citizens and pander to the communist thugs.    America is truely spineless.  Keep buying imports while our country crumbles around us.   We're doomed to slavery just like the communists.  What a joke the US has become.

it leaves me to think tghe United States will be duking it out with china miliarily within the next 10 years...as bill cosby used to say the proofs in da puddin ....the reading of chinese tea leaves leaves me with nothing to say to china except "Your food sucks big time

LMAO....the gimp Secretary JACOB of the JEwish Cabal..has his hand out.......all ready ...while the more stoic Chinese President knowing what's coming is there for the occasion with his ready.  lol