So power does come from the barrel of a gun

Over here, Ben just prints the value of your savings away.

Want to see liberalism's true colors?  Look at Cyprus!

How can the Cyprus government raid and rob people's bank accounts.If people did this to government held assets they'd probably face long prison sentences. Is this the shape of things to come in Europe and America?

Funny how they're not reporting the article about New Zealand doing the same....

The most interesting aspect is Russia's offer to bail them out for access to their natural gas resources. No doubt China will grant us the same "charity" when the time is right. Thank you Mr Obama and Mr Bernanke.

Bottom line, the voters across Europe worried about their savings getting confiscated do not believe in Socialism as the press claims. If Europeans were true Socialists, they would gladly give 10% to bank bailouts for the common good. Get with you silly Europeans, you have people running your economy who are Socialists and are surprised you don't want to donate your savings gladly for the common good..

Banks closed until Thursday? No way, this is going into the weekend.

Obama and the Dems are already considering a tax on net worth here!  Same thing, different wrapping.

Man, that could start a real long riot. Does that include the money the lenders have in their accounts?After Central banksters succeed in collapsing resistance in Cyprus, they move on to the rest of Europe and the US. Like locust they consume what's left of the 99% . Put everyone in hock being debt slaves.

New Zealand considering stealing from depositors as well!!  Once banksters know they can steal they will take everything!!

Governments are finally revealing themselves for what they are: common thieves!  If we assume that anything a government does is legal and accept it like sheep, we are truly lost!  This is the embodiment of the worst fears of America's founders.

This will give O'Iamover seas an idea, your savings is next

Frank-Dodd established a comittee to determine how government might act to 'protect' the citizen's private retirement savings from the evil securities and investment community.Sooooo, we have the same potential of government 'action' as Cyprus to save us from ourselves.

Risk off . . . game on, the Eurorat proposal is DOA at the Cypriot Parliament, no vote set to take place shortly . . . now what happens?  Listen closely, you can hear the sound of savers in Europe having an AHA moment regarding the "safety" of Eurobanks.

I'm sure Obama and his team of thieves are working up similar measures to "protect" money deposited here US banks.  This will be the next wave of taxation of money and assets in conjunction with taxation on income.

This is what happens when you have cronyism.  Those in power create the game and set the rules,  and even then,  should those in power lose,  they break their own rules and use illegitimate ways to regain their losses.

Ring...Hello,911...I'd like to report a bank robbery..............................................................

And queue the bank run. If I lived in Portugal, Greece, Italy, and Spain I would pay attention.So? What else is new?

The financial influence on the world is overhyped. My 2 cents.

At least these Cyprus guys are upfront about it...while in the US the Fed levies a de facto tax on the retiree saver class with their 0% interest rate policy...a policy that has cost the saver class, by some estimates, $400 billion in lost interest the last 5 years...and who does this benefit? The 1% and the criminal banks who pay nothing on our deposited wealth and then are yet are let to borrow our tax dollars (the debt) at close to 0% only to lend it back to us at 14% (average credit card rate)...amazing deal for them! The end result is to entice young borrowers into further debt accumulation and debt servitude....

buy gold now....gold will go up to 2,000 a ounce...banks screw up when they start to taking the depositer money saving...

As long as the 2nd Amendment is honored this is not happening in the US of A... of course the 2nd is under heavy attack from 'our' government.

So what happens when everyone withdraws their money from the banks?

What a shithole EUROPE really is.....too bad the USA caught their DISEASE!!!!!!!!!Load the cargo ship with the rat carrying PLAGUE and end tjhis baby once and foreall....

How much longer until this happens in the USA.

Bet you there are more than a few jack()ff "financial advisers" around the world who advised their clients to put money in Cypriot banks because they were solid....

Coming to a USA near you!Failed banks..........

Let another summer of Euro noise begin [albeit slightly early].And... where is Soros?  Currency speculation is his milieu, when all is said and done.   This disaster is made to order...

Please note Cyprus does NOT have clear title to ANY natural gas fields, those fields are also claimed by Turkey, that has a military, and Cyprus has what. There is NO natural gas collateral for any "bailout" of Cyprus . . . this is going to get much uglier very quickly.

Now the government is resorting to flat out stealing from people?  Probably not going to go over too well if they try it here.  We are already being stolen from by dilution.I wonder how dirty the hands of George Soros are in this?  He is a master currency manipulator and a hero of the left.

Here, in the good ole U.S.A. we have a bigger problem in about a week(if Obama &amp; congress can't make a deal ) and they're talking about Cyprus ! ! ! !Nice work by our so_called "journalists"

Spain and Italy will be next, savers have the only money left to grab. At 0% interest, it's best to have your bank money in a coffee can, the coffee can never closes.

Excellent idea.  Steal from the productive savers and redistibute to my lazy freeloading voting base.  Why didnt I think of this??Regards,Obama

wait until they try this in the US with peoples bank accounts and 401ks.  lol

Just a matter of time before Obama does this too. Tax hike in January and a currency debasement from the FED for government overspending. A One, Two, Three punch to Americans and the Poor and the Middle Class get hurt the most with this INDIRECT flat tax.When the poor and the middle class complain to the widening gap with the rich and poor they will have to point to Obama.

This is not a bailout plan. This is government stealing from the working class to cover bad leveraged bets for the ultra rich.Cyprus...are you kidding me??  The US is in far worse shape.  What's wrong with you people?  Our National Debt exceeds the GDP, and the US GDP, ridiculously,  INCLUDES consumer spending.  It can't get worse.

How is this any different than the erosion in purchasing power being done to the US dollar with non-existent savings rates and no real wage increases?

No different than the US Fed raiding the retiree saver class deposits with 0% rates to aggrandize the criminal banks in the US!

Socialism has run out of other peoples' money. It has now turned to feed upon the masses.

Why were they ever allowed into the eurozone in the first place? EU vetting is a joke and hence the eurozone = disaster zone.

The distraction is Cyprus.   The TRUTH is the FED is murdering millions with food and fuel inflation

Voted down! Way to go Cyprus!

Have they confiscated all of the Citizens Weapons yet in Cyprus?

Cyprus is just the first domino, much like Bear Stearns was the first back in 2008.  Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal....then you get into the big dogs, France and Germany.....you are watching the beginning of the end of the Euro, and potentially fiat currency on a global scale.

The US government can raid your deposits without touching them. It's called forced inflation courtesy of Ben Bernake. Hello.If the SHTF, lead will be more valuable than gold.

Amerika can't default..it can print money----Warren BUFFETT----'''Government has to restore CONfiddence---What a bloated and twisted old man .......

Not only are they stealing bank accts, thus breaking trust, the banks involved have 0% of ever getting depositors again. Hence, the banking will no longer exist. And that is just fine with me. Crooks.

Thieves.

Another crisis in Europe? What has it been 6 months since the last one? They were getting jealous of having no big news.

This is the absolute end of the EU and the Euro.  Stock markets across the world are in for a major drop in value.

Obama's reckless monetary and fiscal policies are doing the same thing here.  Stealing our savings with inflation.  At least Cyprus is being honest about it.

Bailouts is welfare for the rich.

The creditors of Cyprus want some assurance their $10 billion loan will be paid back with interest. Putting this tax on deposits seems to be the best collateral that the government can offer. Most of us are paying taxes to either a city, state or other governmental unit just as onerous as this one. Some restaurants automatically put a 20% tip on our food bill whether we liked the service or not. The Russian Mafia bosses will take a big hit if this tax is allowed to stand. They have over $100 billion in those off-shore banks in Cyprus. Since this country only has one million people, one wonders if their Army and law enforcement people will be a match for the Mafia. I hear that if you don't want to wake up with your favorite horse's head laying on your bed, you don't screw around with the Italian or Russian Mafia. The clock is ticking and it seems like a good time to put up the crown jewels and let the folks have their bank deposits.

One unsuspecting day all the banks will close on Saturday at the normal time just like always.  On Monday there will be sign saying THE BANK IS CLOSED FOR AUDIT,  or  BANK HOLIDAY UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.    The next day, or later in the day a sign will be postred telling depositors (bank customers) that for security reasons the bank is closed--NO EXPLANATION--and depositors may only take out $100 in any one week, or no more than two times a week until further notice.   Savings account holders and checking account holders will get screwed to the wall, and there will be armed Federal men there with badges and heavy guns to enforce the takeover.   Hide and watch.Bernanke's been doing it to savers in the U.S.A. for several years now.

To seize money from depositors' savings accounts to pay for a bailout of the country's banks and government.// This is the problem, we police the world while we let banks get away with economic murder. Let them police their own world and pay for it, they think they can avoid paying taxes to anyone beating the game while they sit on wealth. Stop policing the wiorld and pay the tax to us. Bring the money here to America, we will insure it with our guns.

Just the Beginning.  However, U.S. and E.U. will try to down play it.  Oh, look Building is picking up in U.S..  NOT!   etc.............................................................

For the last 3 years or so we have heard headlines about Greece, Ireland, Spain, Portugal, Italy, then Greece again, Spain again, Italy again.....etc. And now Cyprus? Need I say more?

@J : "No wonder that gold is rising today when you can't rely on safe deposits in a bank."If you do not physically possess the gold, what makes you think the govt can't grab it, as well?

The US government is stealing our money too.  Google "currency dilution" and figure it our for yourselves.

The people that are doing the taking -- do they have a limit on the types of GUNS THEY CAN OWN??

ww3 imminent.

If Cyprus confiscates all the savings accounts to repay creditors money will flow into the strongest banks or nations where they pledge to keep their banks solvent.  The actions of a flea flipping an elephant on its head.

Ah, and no mention that gold is "slipping" UP...I hope that even more EU sufferers go to the bank tomorrow and sell their euros for safer currencies and/or gold..Banksters will take your money every time.

FED Bernanke is doing the same thing as Cyprus, only slower.   The FED is bailing out the banks that speculated and lost via the taxpayer by stealing via zero interest on savings.

The beginingh european debt criss startingto unreval .a run run  european banks is starting

What do you call bailouts, bottom feeding for the rich, we need a bailout too.

THIS IS TYRANNY AGAINST A PEOPLE! The world is run by corrupt greedy men and women. The true criminals are on Wall Street and the halls of Congress.

Warning to anyone thatsay usa don't have  a debt criss usa total  debt is at 60 trillion yes 60 trillion ,that is 175.194 thousand dollar  per person and 745,661 thousand   dollars per family .usa is in worst shape than cyprus

What goes up must come back down, eventually.

Soon to be coming here. I am giving everyone a final warning. Get out now before it is too late. The Euro had collapsed many months ago. Get out of the financial sector before it is too late.

The biging of a scaryscary  scary run run run on banks in europe europedebt criss spreading getttttting worst greece spain italy ireland  portugal andnow cyprus next beilgem and neatherland

And somewhere in America a cadre of bankers and treasury employees are complimenting themselves on getting away with it in a small country, so can probably do it here in the US to make another huge profit.Step 1 - convince the masses that savings are god and get their money. Lend out their money and make a profit.Step 2 - cut savings interest as much as possible. Maximize profit.Step 3 - Make riskier loans, get into trouble. Seize the savings. Make a profit.Win, Win, Win.Usa stockmarkett crash 4o to 50 percnt coming by mid 2013 o oct 2013 europedebt criss spreading,a scary scary run  run runon cyprus  banks tomorrow reportout over theweekend cyprus people empty all bank machine, take at usascary scary  debt  cloock, most of thenumbers are in the red total usa debt is at 60 trillion. Debt per person is at  $187,661 thousand dollars, debt per family is at $745,661 thousand  dollars , hereisthetruth usa iss brokee broke brokee ,anyone watch the 60 minuties showw on china 2week ago  a scary scary china housing ecomony buuble crash coming in 2013

Do these people in charge want folks to take to the streets in armed insurrection?  This is going to create a bunch of pizzzed off folks looking for blood.  How much provocation is needed to have folks snap at the prospect of having their life savings tapped to save a corrupt bank?  At least we've got the Fed which back doors such nonsense by printing the money necessary, and robbing everyone of six percent buying power per year, but under the table.Isn't that what corrupt governments are for?  (LOL) The act of lunacy raiding folks deposits is just theft pure and simple.  IT'S RIGHT IN YOUR FACE!  The argument that their equivalent of the FDIC insurance doesn't cover this kind of raid "correct", in the sense that how do you insure against theft when the "insurer" is the one doing the thievery?How to wrestle the world into the ground over $6 Billion in chump change, these people are losing trillions in the marketplace over a country the size of Bernanke's beer budget.

Taxation without representation.  It's been going on everywhere for a long time.

After the THEFT in Cyprus, the Italians announced they will STEAL 15% of their slave populations savings (except the banksters).  New Zealand is working on a plan to STEAL their slave populations wealth also.

And now 15 minutes later stocks are coming back on Cyprus raid on deposits. lol You won't beat the vermin down in the pits with their HFT computers granny.... not a chance.

just tell that Witch Lagarde from The IMF to Print MORE Monopoly Monies and leavethe citizens Alone! The Fed/Ben's been working that angle here for decades...

This is a good reason to not use the banking system.

If they pull this in America, I bet the politicians wont have enough bodyguards.Paulson should have been stoned the second he stated there cant be any legal prosecution against him.  (TARP)

What is a stimulus now days, more food for the rich?

The Cyprus government will NEVER allow lenders to rob depositors.  This is a stall tactic to get more bailout $$$$$ from another deep pocket.So much for savings accounts.

Can we tax more to solve the problem,,noooo, but we can print more to solve it. Why have debt when we can feed the bottom to erase it, just like we bailout the rich to keep our jobs.

We keep giving money to these countries, giving it to the top hoping it trickles down to the rest, it never does, they keep it for themselves to rule over the libs.. Hence we have too many rich at the top and too many poor at the bottom.

Free money always going to the top is our problem, greedy bums. Increase welfare checks for a change. Print more money to offset the rich.

The government should be on the bottom, hoping revenue trickles down to it, so to spend more. No trickle, no spend.

The government is not doing their job by feeding the top hoping it trickles down, so we start at the bottom this time to fix it. How else does a fake economy work.

We fell as China stood up, we fed the bottom, now look where China is. Trickle up economics, feed the bottom your jobs and look what happens. We took from our middle class to create a Chinese comunist-capitalist society from the bottom up. Give us all 1 million dollars a year to spend/ per year and watch things grow..

Spreading the wealth like peanut butter only works with jelly on it, we are all out.

Hey wouldn't it be cool if one morning you woke up and found all the banks closed and none of the ATM's or online accounts working!   I am surprised there are not riots in the streets of Cyprus!   Are you ready to turn in your guns to the government yet?

One domino falls another one stands up.We must keep pumping money from one pool to the next, feeding one pool at the same time as we drain the next. Push pull economics!

We should just threaten them all by turning them all over to China to deal with, while we peg the yuan way under the dollar, living within our means after we default.

Trickle up economics will repair the damage, figure it out, we put too much at the top now we need to prime the bottom.

Grab a number and wait in line for a shovel.

Keeping your money in the bank dos'nt sound so good now does it? Sounds like something the Fed Reserve owned by the rothchilds came up with.

the US government can now freeze your account anytime they want...if you have money in the bank.....wow that is so crazy....

Cyprus should make no more than 2 points difference in the markets. It is of no importance to the world economy. It is a nettle in the hay stack and when Wall Street reacts like it has to there news it makes Wall Street look like a financial idiot!!!

Coming soon to a bank near you.

Socialism at it's best .... Coming soon to a neighborhood near you."The transition from Capitalism to Socialism occurs when people who originally WANTED what you have now feel empowered by their leaders to TAKE what you have" Winston ChurchillDon't think it can happen .... As 6 Million Jews in Germany who went to their deaths Naked and Staving because someone said it was OK to take what they have.Wake Up America ... It's time to stop the Kids in the White House.

How about stocks slip because printing money is not usually considered a strong fundamental.Gee, this morning stock were up because of the Cyprus raid on deposits. What changed? lol lol What a rigged scam. You're nuts if you have your life savings in this rigged market..... either the Wall Street vermin will "seize" it or Obama and Bernanke will, just like in Cyprus. lol Enjoy!

A roit is a coming..... and in Cypress too.

US 17 trillion in debt, American 401k's , 19 trillion.  Guess where your life savings are going to end up.

report out cypruse people overthe weekend empty bank  machine  warning warning come thurdayswhen banks open thierbe  a scary scary  scary run run  banks

report out overthe weekend cyprus people empty all bankmachine .we wil haveascaryscary   run run run banks when they open up  tommorrow

european debt criss geting worst wil spread to alleurope will last8 to 10 more years this is the  cyprus will be the  begining of run run run on european  banks when it open its banks tomorrow or next day

Headline should have read: "Stocks slip as Cyprus government considers legalized theft from its own citizens"

What happens in Europe today presages what will happen here if we don't change our ways.  Debt is like gravity... it wins in the end.

report out the top 16 most indebt countries in the world is in europe .  including uk and germany. rounding of the the top 20 most in debt countries in the world is  usa and japan

The profligates penalizing the frugal.Report out cyprus  peopleempty all bankmachine overthewek end we will have ascary scary run run run on banks when they open tomnorrow

Is America waiting for a reason to distribute the new $100 bills, with more security features, that should have been out last year?Maybe US thinking about a "Transaction Tax" banks shave off a percentage?

cyprus is the side show... govts need cash out of banks to make global recovery kick into gear w/out as much printing.  so using bank scare to git 'er done.  whatever.

stocks are slipping cause dollar's stronger cause Europe is trying to weaken euro instead of just printing a few.  as banks are dippin into deposits to keep local govts away - only place to store capital is corps -- unless you wanna dig a hole for some gold.  whatever!

As obama fiddles.....gun control...and spending, and all other distractions from real actions.....you voted for this irresponsibility.....he did the same for four years...did you expect MAGIC...?

Newest strawman.  Apple will buy Cyprus.  It's debt is only $20 billion American.  Cyprus is out of debt.  The Euro will live for another day.  Apple is now diversified into brick and motar commodities, oil and gas.  Einshorn will have his wish that Apple does something productive with some of their cash.  Apple can even use offshore funds so the US won't get a cut. Win for Cyprus, Win for Einshorn, Win for Apple, Win for the Euro.  OK, the US Treasury loses but the majority of players win.

look Ma, a bank robber in a suit and tie !!

RIGGED ~ BULL ~ RIGGED !!!!!!

Anyone surprised? Anyone thinking of moving their deposits out of Banks?  Obama and his merry band of thieves will try the same thing within 3 years.

Great, now a little country the size of Delaware is affecting the whole world? Give me a break! If investors want to dump stocks, just say so. Don't need to use some lame excuses like this.LET THE BANKSTERS FAIL!NEARLY ALL abuse their Power and HOARD THE CASH rather than CONTRIBUTE to the HUMAN EXPERIENCE...BOYCOTT THEM ALL! JAIL all the Guilty BANKSTERS and those who sold their souls to the various powers that be including the Propagandists.

This will CRASH the market.

This is nothing, wait until they decide to seize their homes.

How is this any different than the US FED raiding the retiree saver class with 0% rates?

Absolutely ridiculous..can't imagine people ever depositing money again..

It is hard to imagine how the small island country of Cyprus (1 million people and $24 billion of the Eurozones $13 Trillion GDP) can have such a significant impact on the global economy. So I will help explain why.The issue is both the timing and the nature of the bailout package. The timing has gone through an acceleration after Cyprus elected a new president in February from the conservative party to succeed a predecessor from the communist party. The EU was understandably reluctant to seek a deal with a communist president viewed as unreliable, but once Anastasiades took office, European partners felt reassured that a deal could finally take place; hence, the sudden acceleration in the process, culminating with the rescue package agreed on Saturday.But the real issue is in the nature of some provisions included in the bailout, which include a special tax on bank deposits of 6.75% for individual deposits below €100,000 and 9.9% on individual accounts of more than €100,000...The banking system in Cyprus is considered a fiscal utopia of sorts for Russian, and to some extent Greek, tax dodgers, making it the core of the problem. The balance sheets of Cypriot banks are eight times the size of the country’s economy  (very similar to what we saw in Iceland and Ireland), and local banks invested heavily in Greek assets, government bonds in particular. Cyprus is committed to preserving its future as an offshore financial center. For this reason, and in order to diminish the blow on large depositors, the government decided to include small depositors in the special tax. That’s a controversial measure that, not surprisingly, may lead to a bank run... but not only in Cyprus.As for any bailout, the political problems are nearly as intractable as the economic ones. We have seen before that it is difficult to tax the prudent, saving Germans in order to bail out (in this case) depositors in Cyprus who could be Russian oligarchs. On that premise, the decision to “bail in” depositors makes a certain sense. The discouraging aspect of the situation is that, once again, political expediency (i.e., the decision to go after Russian and other foreign depositors) comes at the expense of the rule of law and consistent policy-making.Overall, the leaders of Cyrpus demonstrated perfectly how to cause a bank run, unfortunately the damage will extend throughtout the European banking system, and this damage could be massive.

Stocks will recover by closing bell -  watch and learn.  Same ole ruse.

Romney's account is safe?

That money was already taxed to begin with,  we are once again getting to "taxation without representation" and a revolution is about to happen again with civilians vs.  Tyranny governments.If this is to happen in the USA,  its not gonna turn out very well

There is nothing to worry about.  The only time a government steps in and takes money from your bank account is when the country is in financial trouble and the government needs an emergency tax to level things out.  We are only $16,000,000,000,000 in debt - no worries.BOOOO YAAAAA Jim Cramer!!!!!

What happens if a bank is robbed where the primary depositors are bank robbers themselves?

Hav'nt heard anything on Greece lately. Did their debt just disappear? As for the Gov. in Cyprus, how low can a Gov, go?

Instead of hitting middle class and poor depositers, why not hit the investors of the banks with a capital call?Pull the stock of these banks off the market so they cannot be sold or traded, then force the investors to recapitalize these banks out of their own pockets.   I have little doubt that the "Mitt Romneys" holding these stocks have the available liquid capital to solve the problem without screwing over the depositers.

change headline from - Stocks slip on Wall Street as Cyprus considers plan to seize money from depositors for bailout  -- to -- Stocks slip on Wall Street as Fed continues plan to seize money from taxpayers for infinity

We are next!!!!!!!!!  Watch for Obama and Dems to take another idea from foreign countries...PS New Zealand is considering the same thing.  Tax people who work and save

Alternatively; they could do it in secret by printing money, lowering interest rates, and inflating their currency...In other news; can someone explain to me how trouble in a $22 billion dollar economy can remove $36 billion in valuation from the S&amp;P500?  Stupid syllogistically falacies.

wait til they start raiding brokerage accounts!

Banks are running out of houses to take, they need to take money more directly if they are to remain profitable.

"Transaction Tax" may be ahead for US.Cyprus needs to have a Pizza Party as they gather the so called leader and have a public execution.  For Centuries they stoned these POS.I guess the "Conspiracy Nuts" don't seen so crazy now do they?

Since most consumers are honest, bank deposit money has already been taxed. Then, this is double taxation. That is bad. Great way to destabilize banks in Cyprus that's for sure. Who would keep their money in a bank knowing it will be stolen?

Obama's next move, if he thought that he could get away with it.

Let the hangings commence.

This ladies and gentlemen is a big reason why the DEMO/PROG/LIBS want to have more gun control/restriction on the american ppl.

Why don't they just let the bank fail! Then the depositors will be totally screwed! Why should taxes be raised to pay for the bailout?

"lenders to seize money from depositors' savings accounts to pay for a bailout of the country's banks and government."  They did that in the US in 2007/08 but with our tax money

liberals, liars and thieves.  They are all the same.

democratic plan to fix the economy coming soon to the USA

Old news.  The Cyprus parliament already rejected the bill.  In your face Germany!What a crock of #$%$; they're a pimple on the #$%$ of the world.  The Russians have $30B in deposits in Cyprus  Get over it; it's not a big deal.

Cypress,  Your house is next!Stone the #UCKER...YESTERDAY!!!!!!

IF this happens to any PIIG nation  I will be first in line at my bank here in the U.S.Why are those new $100 bills taking so long to be distributed?   Security issue should be over.

U.S. would Steal 25-50% of deposits, and that would still only hold them over for less than a year.The People who benefited with the TARP the last few years should have their Assets confiscated because TARP, and the bank derivative clean up did not work.Where's DICKEY BOVEY?  Banks are better than ever.

The United States is doing the same thing.   The more money they print; the less the money in the bank is worth.   Why Is it I see no protests like in Cyprus.  Answer, the Cyprus people are smarter.   Obama is robbing the American people blind; and not a peep from the media,

This will happen at the end of Obamas second term, when the US is $22 Tillion in Debt.

Obama &amp; Harry Reid think this is a great idea!

End of world and entire economy. Buy gold, listen to Fox, load up.

Bank robbers now wear suits and ties, no more ski Masks.  Robbery done from inside the bank.

This is what will happen when desperation prevails, it is a "last gasp" for the country involved (Cyprus today), tomorrow?I fail to understand that if Cyprus's govt. raids their people's bank account, why/how does it drive stocks lower?  It's not like Cyprus is a huge economy that their reduced buying power will hurt global commodity markets .

Is this going to happen here in the USA because we can't pay the 16trillion dollar debt?

They'll take it through  a bank raid  or a Tax but  they  are taking it.They have to pay for the vote buying program.

Cyrpus             Debt/GDP = 127%United States   Debt/GDP = 107%

This is 'legalized robbery'. Have the EU fallen so low?

JP MORGAN is a huge problem and it will cause the beginning of an avalanche...watch out people don't listen to this MEDIA MAFIA....just yesterday CRAMER was saying buy...buy...while he's buddies are sell...sell...sell

heres what the a holes at reuters are not effin saying again! the main party of the goverment is abstaining from voting which effectivly is a no vote . the other 2 parties ar voting no. the entire bailout is not going to be accepted . again another #$%$ article by the lazy #$%$ at reuters who are to patheticly lazy to get off there bell bottom butts and do a real job! and they fired 2,500 people last month for the same reason why? exactly! reiters, your pathetic, everyone . get your info from zero hedge twitter feed or the web page if you want the truth about whats going on in ctprus or in bix . not this crack head libtard site . its free

Blah blah blah.....how many times have we heard similar headlines like this in the past 3+ years already? And this time they came up with the tiny island of Cyprus? MMs just need an excuse to dump stocks!

Banks actually have a reputation to uphold to safeguard your deposits.  It's not them, it's the government.  They are the crooks.This will be coming here as soon as Obama can outlaw guns.

What's going on in Cyprus is a preview of what O-Dumba wants to do here.I Figure when the USA declares Martial law..they will grab Up, Everyones Money &amp; assets from the banks anyways....Go To The Bank &amp; Get Uer Money out..TODAY~!!

Let's see - the US has almost $17 trillion in debt and hundreds of trillions in unfunded liabilities.... think the day won't come when Uncle Scam tries this same BS on our savings accounts, 401k's, and IRAs?  If you don't think so, you're a fool.

REPORT OUT OVER THEWEEKEND CYPRUS PEOPLE EMPTY ALL BANK MACHINE IN CYPRUS ,WHen BANK OPEN TORROROW OR   thursDAY WE WIL GET A SCARYSCARY RUN run run on  banks. the begining of ascary scary run runr un on banks in europe . europe debt criss  getting worst  is spreadingg   wil spread all europe.  first greece spain italy   portugal ireland and now cyprus , next belgium and neatherland

Russia to send barrels and wet concrete!

And what exactly is the reason to not go after bondholders?

I knew sooner or later a black swan event would surface and here it is

The market is down because the Ayatolla Obama issued a Fatwa calling on all Muslims to kill anyone comparing Obaba to the History Channel's Satan.

I forgot to add that it has been proposed among the Progressives in the US to take IRA's . People figure they stand a better chance profit taking in the fake stock market ,but they better buy gold and hide it well.

Im sure it was because of assault rifles. Wait a minute, Im trolling the wrong article

So, have you stopped to consider the average schmo in Cyprus?  Can't buy anything unless you have cash in your pocket (how much do you have?), can't pay your bills (do you think the credit card companies/mortgage companies/landlords won't still charge a late fee?), can't buy gas unless you have cash (how much gas is in your car?).  How about the Italians and Spaniards-how much trust would you have in "deposit insurance"?  And how would you even exit the EU without a conflict-how could you possibly say "thanks but no thanks"?  Of course, this could never happen here, right?  Nancy Pelosi wants to steal (in the legal Congressional sense, of course) retirement accounts (how dare we save for our individual futures!) to get $6 trillion to...pay down national debt-not!  May I humbly suggest we should all contemplate, and at least partially prepare for, the what-ifs?"...while the country considers demands from lenders to seize money from depositors' savings accounts to pay for a bailout of the country's banks and government." Obama's eyes light up as he considers this for America.

This is not a bail out, not a bail in, its theft of private property.Don't think this can't happen here

The scary part of this is, the idea came from Germany.  They are the elephant in the room, and could use their importance to make bank raids common in other troubled Euro countries.

This is no different than what Ben is doing to American Savers.

Just when you think the Troika could not stoop any lower they attempt to rob the people of Cyprus in broad daylight.

If you don't think this will happen here in the near future, you're wrong.

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz fk it

Don't give Barry any ideas

Once they start doing this in Europe and getting away with it, what is to stop an enterprising democrat here from latching onto it as a way to raise revenue.  It is going to be a long nasty ride until there is simply nothing left to take..

That would be a pretty dangerous precedent and rewards the people who kept their money buried in the back yard.This sets a very dangerous precedent if a government decides it can confiscate bank deposits to pay its bills.  I'm sure Barak and Ben are watching the reaction of the Cypriot people to see if it might be possible to get away with something like this here.  In the meantime, get ready for forced investment of your IRA/401K into Treasuries to help finance the debt, which will be promoted as a way to keep the "innocent" out of "risky" investments.

Wow!  Wait till Obama hears this.  People, get out of your bank accounts or else "O" will be withdrawing from them.  Oh, yeah, this only applies to Republicans, not Dems.

It is not a tax,nor a raid, it is armed robbery.  The unarmed citizens have no way to protect themselves from theft.

This gives any government ideas that when they need money, something wasn't done right, be it the banks or government stupid ideas, that when they screw up that they can just take what they need. THis is a very bad presidence. Can't get any more dangerous. Since the on going euro zone, economist have said, that this would only last ten years. Well the ten years are just about here. The euro zone is like a rust bucket ship, once one leak is fixed, another opens up. These old countries in europe have worked with the same driver. Now that the drivers have changed, its like a car, it starts to fall apart. The sooner they realize this, the better.

The stock market is like a bad science fiction movie where you can even see the strings in the back ground.

How and in what way does the Cyprus bailout affect our stock markets?

In related news robbing banks has just been declared necessary

Sort of like Wall St (which is bigger than Cyprus) taking our money.  At least a casino is upfront about taking our money, no behind the scenes shenanigans.

I love it when the money-laundering oligarchs' stolen money is confiscated.

Report  out  cyprus people empty all bank machine   over the weekend.we will see ascary scary run run on banks whentheyopen tomorrowI dont use banks..except for cashing a check once in a while..I keep it cash...at my Special hole in the ground...

coming to a country near you!

Sell now. The decision to reject the bailout plan terms will come after US markets close but it is a done deal. Tomorrow will be interesting for the markets.

The governments of the world are criminals plain and simple. The US is bad but its obviously worse else where as well.

Wait! Cramer said this wasn't a big deal....what gives? HAHAAHAH!!! Keep your money in the market sheeples! They will bleed you slowly now that they got you back there!

IT HAS ALREADY HAPPENED IN THE UNITED STATES!  We put our savings in the banks and we get no interest!  Our government has given our money to the banks and we get nothing back!  Wake up people!

PUT your $$ in Gold AssetsLook at Probe Mines Ltd - Borden Lake Property contains 4.3 million oz of gold, right off highway 101 in Ontario.  The company will likely be taken over.  TSX - PRB or PROBF for U.S. investors

Let's hope they don't try that here.  Of course, the rich would get a heads up before they do and would quickly remove their money, leaving the middle class to pick up the tab, again.

A terrible precedent has been set. Other countries mired in a debt crisis such as Greece, Italy, and the United States will probably attempt to rob people of their hard earned savings through  a deposit tax.

let me get this straight, Cyprus will get 13 billion in assistance and they want to raid depositors out of another 6 billion euros, double dipping is not a problem with politiciansGovernment raiding assets - guess what? It's happening under Obama's Healthcare act.  A little mentioned provision in the law imposes a nearly 4% tax on the sale of private assets over $100K (this includes home sale).  Some European countries are already looking at seizing personal retirement accounts to fund or supplement their social security program.  Think it can't happen to your 401K's and IRA's in this country, with a progressive democrat President and Senate?

Every time the stock market takes a dip the Fed moves in to buy treasures to drive the 10 year rate down and try to keep the market propped up.  We are staring at a disaster when inflation hits and the more money the Fed prints the worse the inflation and the worse the disaster.

really?  the gov of Cyprus stealing from its citizens brings the market down?  is that the best they can come up with?

I think the Federal Reserve should start the FOMC meeting right now. The chairman can minimize the Cypress situation and put the fire out. It is possible the European crises, which by the way never went away,rather we just had an election and the fiscal cliff and the debt crises to take attention from the Europeans for a while. Like a slap on the face, now we are nervous again. Italy-Spain-Greece-Portugal and even France is starting to stumble. What amazes me is how we had all the concern from last spring until around October. Then the spin masters diverted attention away from Europe and all was good. Now as Reagen said to Carter in the debates "Here we go again". I am confidant that Bernanke can breakout yet another case of "snake oil" and yes there he will go again.

Time to support your NRA

Lets face it if they get away with robbing the depositors there why not here! Remember the old adage MONKEY SEE MONKEY DO and we still have the same people in the banks that brought us TARP ! and 2. How many bankers did you see pay for their actions?

If the banks take money from depositors, it will not bode well for the banks in the future. Such an aggressive act will pose problems for the economy and trust in the banking system.

So when does the run on Euro banks and tefforts of devaluing their currency commence?

go buy a sleep number bed, take out the air bags and start stashing away money. who needs a sleep number if you can't sleep.

Banks asking for bailouts is getting popular these days.EU was destined to doom from its birth. Formed by countries, people of diversed background and interest, but the only thing lacking is a universal identity which could glue people together in good time and bad time.  It is going to happen again moving forward until either EU collapes or somehow people in EU feel and obligate as citizen of EU.

The banks and Wall St money changers like to privatize profits and socialize losses, can't lose, what a deal,huh?  Your "representatives" at work.

Mr Clintons Company NobleEenergy, in involved in searching oil. What european burrocrats are trying to do, is to inslave Cyprus and steel NG and oil.

The reason...People are just starting to realize that this CAN and WILL happen here in the US...well actually globally.

Politicians steal from people to stay in power....wake up....doing the same thing here but dress it up to look pretty....the results are the same....we're all being fleeced by our government.

They want to do it in New Zealand too.  Take your money out of the banks now!  Don't let the socialists redistribute your wealth.

#$%$*K THAT

Bernanke is printing 1 Trillion every year out of his rear end. Given the Federal Budget is 3+ Trillion, This is 30% debasement.

The fact that any account regardless of size will be raided is concerning.

should be a law against bankers robbing their own bank !A preview of coming attractions for U.S. depositers.  Playing soon at a bank near you !!!

If we all have fully automatic assault weapons, the government would not consider this here

How come there is so little reference to the fact that the Cypress banking system is a primary Russian money laundering entity? The EU is supposed to bail out Cypress without any questions asked? What is the percentage of the holdings, not the depositors, that are held by the Russians? If they are 20% of the depositors, but their holdings account for 80% (?) of the deposits then maybe the world would not be so up in arms about this course of action. If read as an attack against capitalism, as it is widely being portrayed, is that saying that capitalism is simply the result of criminal enterprises backed by the obfuscating facades of legitimate governments?

Well this is why we live in the USA. Hands off my savings.

You are looking at what the US will face in approximately 5 months. There will be an incident that they will blame such as Iran or North Korea. Oil will spike 10 a gallon gas will be blamed but the real story is greedy politicians hanging on to their lavish lifestyles while raiding private bank accounts.

Maybe not soon. But eventually under the ever-increasing Socialist movement in our United States. The same scenario may come around from our irresponsible, idiotic, beyond bankrupt government. The money will have to come from somewhere to pay off the "entitled" voting majority, and Wash ing ton will need more taxing ammunition.

If you believe that our system is not fixed. You believe in fairy tales and you deserve what you get.

Apparently Cyprus has very strict gun laws. Does it surprise anyone that they are confiscating money of the people?An unarmed flock is easy to manage.Strict gun laws are one of the first steps to tyranny.Watch what Congress does on this matter closely, ignore it at your own financial peril.

Isn't it amazing.  I am against wealth confiscation and this thing Cyprus is considering is that.  Isn't it amazing when the regular Joe in Greece and Italy are asked give it up its the right thing to do but the well healed depositors are asked to give it up the roar can be heard around the world.  CYPRUS don't do this thing.  When does everyone get a little austerity imposed on them?  I am also against beggar thy neighbor policies and offshoring income to avoid taxes.

so,you are robbin' your peter to give to paul?i hope,the people stick peter plum up the paul's donkey and make them cry;).Your solution is a non-stick band-aid.It will be a revolution in a very short time.You push people into a corner and they will slaughter you coming out of and once they start,they will not stop until the last filthy rich,aristocratic #$%$ is trampled into the ground!Promise,let them eat cake;).You just hide and watch;).We are witnessing the beginning of the unraveling of the Euro.  Fasten your seatbelts.

How discouraging...news just gets worse &amp; worse. Believe me I'm not usually a down person...but people in power are scaring me. These people have worked hard for their money like many of us. How can this happen?

And with a Liberal, Two-Party Political Monopoly here in the U.S. it will be no different.The European Spring is coming to America...

What percentage of the total deposits in Cypress are held by Russians? We already know that 20% of the depositors are Russian, but that does not reflect the percentage of the total of all their deposits. If it far exceeds the 20%, possibly going who knows how high (80% ?), then isn't the whole Cypress banking system just a money laundering entity at that point? If so, then why should the EU bail out a fraudulent banking system at all?

After they print out money and reduce our money indirectly, now they are start to directly cut our money's value! Double kill!!

that is why i put my money in a safe. no banks and if i want interest i collect 5 cans a day there ya go. better than what they pay anyhow.

Obama did this to us by printing money our dollar is worth 90cents.  Where is the outrage?

Wallstreet calls this a reverse split.

The European Union should never ever have been created. The hardworking countries will always have to support the lazy countries, especially the sunny climate countries.I predicted this years ago, it will not work.

With all the criticisms about Cyprus's banking system and that they are a haven for money laundering, etc...  Why were they allowed to become part of the EU? The EU has to take responsibility for that.Screw it, time to live off of cash, barter and gold.  My safe will be my bank, and my shotgun its security guard.

A SMALL country like CYPRUS has an affect on Wall Street is a LOAD OF HORSECRAP !!!!

The ammount o bailout is ridiculous. I m afraid Russia is not going to stand aside and just watch.

Lets take all our cash out and let them beg for it at 10% !!!

Taxing the wrong people, the savers. Should tax these corporations with their billions of dollars so they are made to invest the money instead and create jobs.

We have already paid our dues in tax. It was called the great bank bailout funded by the American tax payer.

Both there and here it is time to hold politicians personally responsible for their greed and corruption. They treat their roles and positions as avenues to personal streets of gold.  Lawmakers pass laws not for the people, but for themselves in order to steal from the public.

Our government has been confiscating our saving since 2008 ....,just what do you think zero interest rare does to your money buying power ...with inflation ? that 1,000 bucks in the bank got you what .25 interest in 5 years ...how much less can you buy with money  ?

Bail out the people, not steal their money. We bailed out the wrong folks. The American people suffer. Whether it was those who lost their homes or those who lost their equity in their homes, it was the same. Banks get bailed out while the homeowners suffer. Now the potential home buyer cannot stand a chance against the good ole boy network of Blackstone aka Invitation homes and Mr. I am the greatest world's real estate investor Mr. Tom Barrack and his Colon Capital. Oops. I meant, Colony Capital.

HEADLINE **      Stocks slip because market is a joke...I feel for the seniors.children, shame on you decision makers, shame on you!This is flat out financial confiscation of wealth!  If we don't get a grip on debt and spending in the USA, this will be us next.  Thanks Obama and the Ruling Democrats.

Tomorrows news is going to be, "Some of the European leaders pants size dropped from size 34 to 32 and caused Dow to sell off."

Still a ways to catch up to our Ponzi schemes like Goldman Sachs. I like the directness, give me all your f......ng money fools

Obama lit up like a light bulb when he heard this.  Now he knows how he'll solve our deficit problems and keep spending like a drunken sailor.

I feel very confident that barry is mad for Seria stealing his thunder. Those are the things i think he would like to do to us,,

this is wrong but Cyprus govt at least has the guts to say we are taking your deposits.  Better than the stealth method used by U.S. govt with the FED.  Money is printed and congress spends dollars based on today's valuation and the affects of increased supply over time (i.e. inflation) is passed on to the average man.  Both have same outcome, but at least Cyprus govt looks you in the eyes and says we are going take your money.

Please don't give MR O'BOB any ideas!

How's that austerity in Europe working out for ya?

a retroactive 70% tax on liquid assets over 1 million dollars would be the best way to fix the economy

US government said "hey we have a lot of gold :p, i think we should start to make gold price going up really high! We should do a stupid thing like rob the depositors".That will teach those savers who have been ruining the country not to save anymore while holding the people who don't save harmless.  That's clearly the right message to send.  Good plan.

Cyprus will vote against Deposit Theft, default, &amp; exit the EU.  Russia will then provide a bailout.

Bailout? You mean thief!

Do you hear the people sing?Singing a song of angry men?It is the music of a peopleWho will not be slaves again!

Legislators in Cypress should enact an emergency, one time tax, state the percent of tax, then seize the money.  They can go after the people who kept their money at home or off shore later.

By the way same procedure germany tries to negotiate with swiss banks for all the black german money in switzerland. Still not negotiated so why the markets have not crashed there? I guess the one off the hook payment is about 15 % on deposits. I am glad i am poor and can sleep well at night

Why announce to the Russian thieves that they're seizing their ill gotten gains. The Russian money will move to other safe havens and Cypriots will be paying the price.

The ugliest woman in Europe is 3x better looking (and you can find her genitals!) than the average teen in this hellhole.

Cyprus is a corrupt hot money haven for laundered money (most of it from Russia).  with a GDP smaller than Vermont. The Germans are not going to bail out Russian mobsters.

not a good example, the rest of the world watches and most likely will try the same dirtytricks.A bank robbery in progress where is the cops ?

Stocks will go up again tomorrow or on thursday no need to worry. Its just the youngsters panicing on the trading floor. Euro will also go up again and some guys make big bucks on buying on the downside. Its rediculous to discuss about cyprus. Focus on the big picture

all banks keeping interest rate on deposit accounts close to 0 do the same thing (raid on deposits) only distributed in time, Cyprus banks had not a bad interest rate so their one time "tax", probably better than silent distributed raid on accounts, isn't it?

Once again Europe is raining on the American economy. Wait until Andorra or licthenstein has a hiccup may be, hey, can bring the whole world economy down.Personally i think the housing data today was much more relevant than an island economy with stupid policies.Put Cyprus on ignore.

Well Monday it was Cyprus and today who know what they are speculating about. These Wall Street floor clowns are amazing. If you are going to speculate do it in a positive way. These clowns can take a month gains away in one day. Five minutes left on the stock clock at Wall Street can get very negative. Maybe it would have been good idea for US market to close while Cyprus banks.  But I forget they like to speculate.

WHEN WILL THE PEOPLE REVOLT...EVERYWHERE...

This is SO silly, not to mention frustrating. How can a country who's GNP is roughly equal to the state of Vermont (this is not a guess, this is a fact) cause worldwide market turmoil? Makes me want to pull all my money out of the market and stuff it in my mattress...

Hi. The problem is not Cyprus, nor the bank sector. The problem is the european unefficiency on energy and the geopolitics. I remand you the gas and oil found in sea.

Well look people, if Americans aren't willing to be like the FRENCH and crucify their government and DIE for their beliefs..... and this Gov. KNOWS you aren't going to stand up to them, thanks to your cable TV, iPhones and online porn..... then why the HELL should you get anything besides what SHEEP DESERVE: Slaughter!

I have a great idea.Hide your money.Inflation is already taking your money.The State owes you nothing.Think for yourself.Get rid of your stupid cable and pocket the money.Americans are being robbed every dayIf you want to talk socialism, the bank bailouts were the greatest program ever conceived. Help the poor little bankers.

Sell of the BANKS assests...their hidden holdings in real estate, gold, stocks....don't let them grab the peoples $$$, they didn't do anything wrong here except TRUST...this is how you start a RUN on ALL banks....this is the last straw type step...better smarten up..the people are getting VERY tired of al this thievery by the wealthy....!

With 27 countries in the E.U. who's next?  Can you spell " Run on the bank"  This could spread like wild fire, and on a world wide basis.

Buy gold and silver

you know when the market goes up like it has with no good news, it's a sucker job

A fool and his money ....

It's a little like the U.S. The Cyprus banks are bankrupt ... Think about FDIC Insured banks in the U.S. ..... your deposits in an FDIC insured bank are only insured up to a certain amount.

This week is Cyprus's turn. Who's next?

what you are seeing is the excuse wall st is going to use to get the money from those investors who were silly enough to jump back in the casino i mean the stock market

People will now learn the difference between money and currency.  The world only has fiat currency.In Cyprus, it's a wealth tax, which actually makes a lot of sense. Wish we had done it here.  Might not be spending so much time complaining about the deficit.

just an excuse for the markets to take a breather from the rally....this doesn't affect the U.S. in any way regardless of what the media tells us.

Well i think behind all this is that the EU is trying to shut down cyprus as a money laundering country where some companies are going to evade taxes. If you look at the financial sector in cyprus it is ovwrproportional to its economy. Furthermore most of the big money is from Russia and UK so the EU does not give a s... About these depositors. Everybody is trying to make a living in europe and cyprus is living on their financial sector. Best thing would be to give the 17 billion to the people so they can live on this money. Financial sector will be gone. What noone understands here is that all the west is bancrupt so they will go for ur money in whatever way. Has anyone calculated how long it will take the us to pay back government debt? No ur right because this is utopia we will turn the wheel as long as,it spinns and then one day everything will collapse. This is why u should buy whiskey at least u have a good time. Cheers

This type of action can/will eventually happen in the United States.  Been saving for the kids college - Uncle Sam takes 10%.  Been faithfully adding to your 401K for years - penalty.  We the people need to demand our country back.

Romney and his 1% friends stash their loot in all sorts of countries. More power to Cypress. There is no place like the good old U.S. of A to keep your money.

IMPEACH OBAMA!

It's Obama's fault!

I really don't feel sorry for all those harboring dirty money in the Cypriot system.  And don't tell me that's not a significant portion.  No wonder the Russian (mobsters) are upset.

sorry better still someone close cyprus ...if their banks played a shady game let them go to the wallim sick of greece and its islands holding us all to ransom ...

who let a tiny island in the mediterranean split by turks and greeks run the world ...who let it !!!Americans are BIG FAT LAZY WOMEN.... with a cell phone in one hand and a Happy meal in the other. Afraid to DIE or even stand up to an even LAZIER COP! Bunch of SPOILED BABIES with NO BALLS.... you all even need to take VIAGRA for God sakes!

Half of all banksters belong behind bars. The rest simply need to be executed on the spot...

Europe today, America tomorrow.  We sheep have it coming to us for being so dumb in the first place!

Seize = redistribute   Sound familiar? If not it's called Obamanomics.

Update: obama redirects air force one from Israel trip to Cyprus to see first hand on how to raid citizens bank accounts

OBAMA HAS GOT A RAGING HARD ON OVER THIS IDEA

who gives a f what they do. that is why this new world global #$%$ is bad. everyone worry about urself.

I was considering a raid on the Victoria's Secret dressing room.

The cypriots were about to extract NG in collaboration with the israelis.Germany depends on russian NG. The cypriot NG would solv e their problems.

The Texicans don't even use the banks or plastic here, they're all running around with 20s and 50s in their pockets. Eating off of food trailers for cash at 3am, trying to avoid being a U.S. export. Texas is a very weird place!All banks are crooked.

YAHOO stop LYING to us...Cyprus...Cyprus...what a bunch of #@#!!!.....what about the mess at JP MORGAN...tell us the TRUTH for once!!!!!

A bunch self-defeatists are commenting today.

Tax inflation is needed on the rich, every yearTo feed the poor......

No wonder that gold is rising today when you can't rely on safe deposits in a bank. This is bad omen for the rest of the EU when the currency that you have been used to using and saving is no longer safe.

What are we, as a nation, going to do to stop our government from doing the same thing here?

No, stocks are "slipping" because the Cyprus Finance Minister just resigned. But keep up the good news! You guys are doing great!

Is that what they called armed robbery now, "a raid"??

Oblamer has already raided our savings by making the health insurance premiums skyrocket and reducing our take-home pay and decreasing the value of the dollar so everything costs more.

Even if they were to tax the people on their bank deposits, the people are going to take all their money out. Cyprus, get ready for a great depression!All government is pure evil.

See what happens when you let your country's debt get too large.  Balance the budget!

When does the run on Euro banks begin?

I thought robbing a bank was what criminals did ??

why steal the money from depositor accounts at Cypriot banks?  Why not take it from the bond-holders, comprised of large corporations and labor unions, rather than individuals?  Seems like the fix is in for bond-holders.  Sorry savers, the guvment doesn't care about you but they will take your hard earned money.  Remember come election who screwed you!!!

I do not see the Cyprus mess having a "happy" conclusion.  If they pass the confiscation - there will be a run on banks.  If they do not - there will be a run on the banks.

The fact that people are taking this in stride is the scariest thing to me. I feel like westerners are not capable of spotting danger, especially when the danger wears a suit and smiles at us.

"an unpopular bailout"  It's also against their constitution. It's illegal and immoral. Vote it down.

This strikes at the heart of American values: personal liberty and the right to private property.  When the state can just decide that it can step in and confiscate your wealth, that it really belongs "to everyone", then the people will become servants of the government.

Now I know why Americans own so many guns.Only difference between what is being proposed in Cyprus and what Bernanke is doing here is Cyprus is doing it up front and open versus Bernanke backdoor ways.

This is desperation, insanity or both.  Whether they follow through or not, people will no longer put their money in banks, much as people responded following the crash of 1929.

Germany robbing a bank of its deposits: Now where and when has this happened before?

What would have happened if we did not bailout auto makers and banks. What will happen if we don't bailout the Middle Class and the poor, government will default, prime it up.

If they raid deposits in Greece, look for it to happen in the US.  Not today or tomorrow... but be wary of the day after.

This could be the straw that breaks the camel's back.

It truly shows the criminals in the Public Sector to steal money without regards --- bank deposits are normally not considered investments of risk ---usually bondholders and stockholders bear the loss of failure. This can change the dynamics of the entire World back to keeping your liquid savings into the Coffee Cans --- the level of corruption and insanity and incompetence in the World today is boundless --- it is the sign that this culture is near its end ---time for a meteor to end this insanity similar to what ended the Dinosaurs ---

For those that think confiscation like this can not occur in the US, it already did.  In 1933, an executive order was signed that criminalized the posession of all but a small amount of gold by individuals.  You were required to turn over your gold for a fraction of its value to the federal government.  Not doing so was punishable with fines and imprisonment. If you still think it can't happen, ask yourself this: are our leaders any more morally straight now than they were in 1933?

They approved it. Holy #$%$.