take and lie ... this is what communist always do

Bullcrap. About 290,000 people dropped out of the workforce and the jump in retail sales was mostly because of higher gas prices. Interesting they factor in energy prices for retail sales but exclude them for inflation stats...

The economy is fine people.  Just move on and continue to stand in a corner.

Hi yet another gary here: how convenient is was for those growth numbers to be revised ..up to .01 % ..wow, we're on a roll for sure.

Just as stateside going self sufficient on shale gas away relying on traditional Canadian oil&amp;gas, stateside is going self sufficient on iOS, Windows 8, and Android/Chrome away from traditional Rim/Blackberry. The only remaining import from Canada would be water.

This is just more propaganda #$%$ The assholeiated press is just another liberal misinformation rag!!!!

Rescue WalMart reduce taxes on offshore accounts.  Republicans believe that is the answer to everything.

Did Walmart ever think that it is not the economy, but rather PATRIOTIC American shoppers stopping shopping at the House of China?

and these were the highlights?

With all the new oil production in North Dakota and elsewhere in the U.S., why are oil prices still stuck well north of $90?  Shouldn't all that new supply be bringing prices down?I'll never own a Government Motors car or truck ever again...my Tacoma made sure of that

'FDA warns doctors of counterfeit Botox 'the irony is. the counterfeit botox works better then the real thing. you really dead.

poeple the holy bible said what you have in life is all you get god don`t hate go on. keep for your self. and some work is not all as hard as your. it`s pay to the level of work.

Why do they still call them banks. Banks are institutions that promote saving money and provide a secure place to do it. The banks of yesterday used to give small still banks to children enticing them to save their pennies, nickels and dimes until they had a few dollars which they would then use to open a bank account.  With the Fed's ridiculously low interest rates; banks no longer rely on customers to deposit money which is why today's banks pay such a small interest on money that is deposited. Is it the Fed's intent to deplete the Nation's savings because they are doing it by providing almost zero interest on money they lend.

Yes, many great jobs last month:  "Hi, Welcome to Walmart, can I help you?"...."Would you like fries with that?".America needs real good-paying jobs--not seasonal and part time.  Work participation rate fell to a 40-year low last month.  Can Obummer take the credit for this?  Nah, he just blame it on George Bush...

CITI Group cutting 11.000 workers.  ... Good job Obama!!!

Obama is my shepherd; I shall not work.He keepth jobs out of the hands of the people,Which leadeth the country to class warfare and polarization.He encourageth sloth; he leadeth the government to new heights in deficit spending.Yea, though I walk in the shadow of Economic collapse,I shall fear no depression: for Obama is with me.His handouts and monetary indiscretion supplement my income.He maintainest spending increases in the presence of insurmountable debt;He punisheth businesses with excessive regulations;And giveth the hard-earned fruits of labor to the unproductive.Surely, handouts and stimulus payments shall follow all the days of his administration;And I will stay unemployed forever.

On January 19, 2009 (the day before Obama took office) the average price of gasoline was $1.85 per gallon. .... Source: U.S. Department of Energy, Energy Information Administration (Excel spreadsheet emm_epmr_pte_nus_dpgw).

The Department of Energy was created in 1977 to lessen our dependence on foreign oil.  By 2010, It had ballooned to 16,000 employees with a budget of $24 billion a year.  We import more oil than ever before.  Why does this department still exist? It's had 35 years to get it right, and it's still a failure.

.....    LIBERALS CAUSED THE HOUSING MELTDOWN  .............  1977: President Jimmy Carter (D) signs the CommunityReinvestment Act (CRA) guaranteeing home loans to low income families1999: President Bill Clinton (D) puts the CRA on steroids,pushing Fannie &amp; Freddie to increase the # of sub-prime loans.2003: White House calls Fannie &amp; Freddie a systematic risk.2003: Barney Frank (D-MA) says Fannie &amp; Freddie are not in crisis.He bashes Republicans for crying wolf and calls F &amp; F financially sound.2003: Democrats block the Republicans-sponsored regulationslegislation.2005: Sen Schumer, (D-NY) says “I think Fannie &amp; Freddieover the years have done an incredible job.”2006: Sen John McCrain (R-AZ) calls for reform. “For years I have beenconcerned about the  regulatory structure that governs F &amp; Fand it needs to be reformed NOW.”2007: Democrats again block reform legislation.2008: Housing market collapses, Democrats blame the Republicans.Obama's Pathetic Record:—23 Million Unemployed or Underemployed—47 Million on Food Stamps—5.5 Million Homes in Crisis/Foreclosure—$4500 Drop in Household Income—$5.5 Trillion of New Debt—$716 Billion in Medicare Cuts—$2.6 Trillion for Obamacare—$1.9 Trillion in New Taxes in Obama’s Budget—100% Increase in Gas Prices

The Second Amendment Party

NOKIA:Nokia is now about 0,8 X book value while usually NYSE stocks are on average about 2 X book value. I think Nokia is the best among the cheapest:1. Nokia still has 4,2 billion euros net cash (this net cash even increased during Nokia´s painful transition: it increased from Q1 2012´s 3,9 billion euros to 4,2 billion euros).2. Nokia does not only make phones.3. Nokia´s feature-phone division is still profitable.4. Nokia Lumia 920 scores the best points among most of the tech sites today when comparing high end smart phones.5. Lumia 920 and 820 hit in time the holiday shopping season this year.6. NSN is growing strongly.7. Nokia´s WP 8 devices will hit more markets, for example the middle East countries (Lumia phones have not been in these countries yet till now).8. NAVTEQ is doing well and even better in the future.9. Nokia has regular incomes from its patent portfolio (right now, this income is around 500 million euros per year, and it is still increasing).10. Nokia has cut expenses (which saves about 1 billion euros per year).11. In the future, Nokia does not have to spend so much in R&amp;D, because it has teamed up with Microsoft.12. If Nokia really runs out of cash, Microsoft will likely lend Nokiacash for reasonable rates, because Nokia is the most important partner for Microsoft for its WP ecosystem and phone software business in general. Microsoft won´t let Nokia go bankrupt, cause it would be a huge damage for itself as well.13. Apart from Vertu and so on, Nokia still can sell its patents, since it still has 30 000 patents in its own hands (in case Nokia needs more cash).14. If the stock price still goes cheaper and cheaper, one day some rival would bid for Nokia, just for its patents ( Motorola was acquired by Google with 12 billion dollars, this is good to remind people who underestimate intellectual properties´ value).15. Microsoft will bid for Nokia with higher premium if some company really bids for Nokia, because Nokia is in so close partnership with Microsoft that this also includes business strategies, business secrets and so on. Therefore, Microsoft won´t let any company acquire Nokia than itself. Microsoft still has a huge net cash above 50 billion dollars.16. Right now, there is no way to compare Nokia to Apple among most smart phone consumers, but there is hope in the future.For example, Nokia just signed the contract with China Mobile (who has about 680 million subscribers, which is about 70% of all subscribers in this world´s biggest nation), and even though iPhone is very popular in the US and Europe, WP OS already surpasses iOS in the world´s biggest countries beside China, such as Brasil, India and Russia. Even though in these countries more low price point phones are sold, but these are the most important emerging giants in the world where Nokia´s position and brand are still quite strong. And it may be sooner than we think when more people in these countries are able to afford high end smart phones.17. Nokia has not lost about 1 billion dollars a quarter as the media says, it has lost only about 0,3 billion dollars, because its other parts of business are profitable (2Q 2012). Therefore, 4,2 billion euros net cash should be enough for Nokia´s transition period before WP8 phones take off. WP OS has already grown a lot faster compared to iOS and Android in their first quarters.18. If Microsoft really "betrays" Nokia and competes in hardware with Nokia. Nokia will take aa plan B as well, for example Nokia will likely make both WP phones and Android phones at the same time.Nokia´s board and Nokia´s biggest shareholders won´t let the company die without this last fight (if needed).The conclusion is Nokia is for long-term and medium-term play not for short term. Just think about this, even when Apple reaches 1000 dollars, that is not even doubling, but in long term Nokia has the opportunity to triple or even more. celeb23

About Nokia:I know US is very important market, because Wall Street and US consumer trend give directions to market momentum around the world, still you can not neglect the power of BRIC and MIST these days.You can calculate yourself how many people living in these 8 BRIC- and MIST-countries. In these countries, in Brazil, Russia, India, China, Mexico, Indonesia and Turkey, Nokia´s position and brand are still quite strong (except South-Korea, but you know it is Samsung´s home-country and the smallest country among those important 8 anyway).The consensus of Reuters on Nokia´s Thursday earnings is out.These are the average numbers from 35 analysts:Eps: -0,11 euro (this is not bad, I can take it, because Nokia´s own forecast during last earning calls was -0,09 euro or more).Total loss: 277 million euros (this is not bad, I can also take it, because the number is almost the same as the previous two quarters when the eps was -0,08 euro).Net cash: from 4,2 billion euros to 3,36 billion euros (I expect more, because Nokia still has the ongoing payment from Microsoft, patent fees from licensees, Nokia sold some old business to Digia, some patents to Vringo, 90% of Vertu is sold, and I also expect some pre-payments for NAVTEQ from Amazon, Yahoo, Oracle and many car-companies).Guidance for 4Q: this I haven´t seen in consensuses yet, but here are what I expect: Nokia´s HQ would be cashed, more business for NAVTEQ and NSN (3G in developing countries and 4G in developed and emerging countries), new Lumia generation for holiday shopping season and more Lumia 900s and Lumia 800s will be sold around the world for the discount campaigns just started, and maybe a hint for Lumia tablet for 2013. Lumia tablet will certainly have some market share, even though Microsoft´s Surface is out.All in all the integrations of WP8 ecosystem will also sell more Lumias).You can write your expectations here. It would be nice to see how investors expect from Nokia.And as I said yesterday:The most import thing in Nokia´s earning calls for 3Q 2012 on this Thursday is actually the guidance for Q4 and forward, because by now almost everyone already knows that Nokia is in a painful transition from WP 7.5 to WP 8 during third quarter. Therefore, these expectations and estimations are already priced in the stock right now.Even Nokia will announce loss, but I think with hopeful guidance (for example now we already know that Lumia 920 and 820 will hit, for example, Germany, Italy, Australia and so on during first half of November, very much like US, which means they will hit holiday shopping season in time), therefore this will no doubt compensate third quarter´s results in a very important way. In other words, even though Nokia´s 3Q 2012 is with an eps of minus figure, but Nokia´s Q4 2012 and further will be the more important things to focus on. caleb23

Apple's good, but what about other tech growth areas?  Here's a link to an informative article and it explains exactly why the stocks will climb:http://seekingalpha.com/article/921751-understanding-the-future-of-solar

Now is a great time to check out gold and mining stocks such as Pershing Gold Corp. (PGLC).  Equities of gold mining companies offer greater leverage than direct ownership of the metal itself.

This informational piece of article has been putting out technical information in regards to the market. I like these guysCopy and Paste this to your browser -- y.ahoo.it/S5x+2

And we're supposed to believe this same crap. Not anymore I'm not. We can't believe anything anymore.

"A recession is deepening in Spain,"This has to be a gross understatement. If you were a Spaniard, this is a DEPRESSION. In some cases even people with jobs are not being paid. They continue to hold on in the hope that some time in the future they will be paid, on the other hand, if they leave they can't go anywhere else.

Dem.'s and Rhino Brown wanting claw backs on CEO pay for losing 2 billion, yet DC crooks lose 4 billion per day of our money. Me thinks we should claw back all of the DC crooks pay including the whole Obama and Bush admin peeps and all fed workers like the GSA.I guess when you want a certain number to show unemployment you must change the equation to fit the answer you want to project.For instance, why are people who must work a part time (under employed) job that are actively looking for full time work not calculated in the numbers.what about people who just gave up looking for work?Inflation- why are food and fuel prices not in the equation?ANSWER- we need to show a certain number acceptable to the American people to stay in office.

And thank you speculators for pushing the price of wholesale gasoline up 10 cents a gallon on the first day back. #$%$ !

Blackberry is an import to stateside.