The problem here is about "Ambassador Daniele Mancini had given the Indian court a written promise the men would return to India by March 22."It's about the credibility of An Italian Ambassador as of Italy itself.

This is a no-brainer ..... the Italians have taken the Indian Courts for a ride on the Marines issue.Cancelling the Westland helicopter contract is the perfect message !!!

Italy is in the mess since Belusconi enters the Italian politics. Why India wonders about that? No body is responsible in Italy. And if someone promised...LOL....LOL who believes is self-guilty.

Ambassador Daniele Mancini had given the Indian court a written promise the men would return to India by March 22. Last week Italy announced the men would not go back. The court then barred Mancini from leaving India and asked him to explain his position.___________________From the start all along Italians including their government intended to deceive...pay the price now....

I agree with you Adamanseaman but they made the deal in writing and now they have to live with it.

Italy is ungovernable..no jobs for young, innumerable governments..they thought they could get away messing with India...guess NOT....Ambassador written word is enough to keep him in India ..return those murderers to stand trial...and keep your word until then....

For each who has followed this story, there has been outrageous claims. Many times I have commented to be the only one. Today is different only because India has involved the Ambassador.  So if there is full information because you have details from this following of it, you have a right to your opinion. And if a good understanding is had of it, anyone may see why this has developed. To try and convict anyone without full cooperation has been the concern from the beginning

oops!!! trying to cover your rear end would't work.  good luck..

Still wonder why India had to show "respect" to those murderers.They should have been kept in Tihar jail along with other criminals.India kept them in hotels with "dignity", let  them visit home for X-mas..What was the need?And the Italians again showed how cowards they are.

Iranians have certainly taught the world a new useful tactic in their struggle against the multi standard Western bullies.take two man for those not retutning to india and try them as those not returning, Tit for tat now , Days aere over for india to be nice to be with any nation,,YOU (India acted) nicely, does not mean you can ve stope as tit for tat.

Dear Ambassador,While you live, work and party in India .... remember India is 28 times the size of Italy and you have plenty of countryside to explore !! :-)

The reality is that India has the upper hand, act of war or not. Italy has way more to lose than India, if the former wants to escalate the situation. I am surprised that Italians are so inept that they havent offered compensation already.

Had it been two Indians that killed the fisherman nothing would have happened at all. India really is the pits when it comes to human rights and any law that is not crooked. They cannot even control young men from raping women so how can they be taken seriously?

At least they weren't gang raped.

The Italians should pray the Indians don't cut commercial relations with Italy ....or Italy would resemble Greece !!

Why banned to leave??? He should be jailed here like any ordinary fraud..

"Ambassador Daniele Mancini had given the Indian court a written promise the men would return to India by March 22."If that was the case, then Indian courts is right. But then of course the Ambassador has diplomatic immunity. If he uses it to evade courts and leaves India, it would be considered very cheap and very undiplomatic. It would be a considered a very cheap tactic by the nation Italy.

This is funny because if Italy stopped the Indian Ambassador he will never go back to India and bring over all the uncles and bros and whole village...sorry Italy

Who would have thought these Indians having so much baaalllsss!Keep it up Hindi, it is not only the West who has the right to extradite suspects.The fishermen committed suicide and the Indian government wants to blame someone. The soldiers escaped an illegal captivity fortunately.  Now the Indian government is after the ambassador who wasn't part of the play.A sad joke all the way around!

i think is best indian gov.should take this matter to international court,like that problem will grow instead of solving.

next, curry lover's supreme court orders tha italian ambassador to be GANG RAPED in a specially built TATA BANG BUS

who cares it just shows how sad the (worlds biggest Democracy) act in the real world

look who's flexing their MUSCLE! 'em curry lovers are really pushing their luck

Well done India, I take back all the abuse I threw at you over the years for lacking mettle.

italy must not give india any Ferrari or Lamborghini from now on

This is what i read in Times of India:'The bench said some people had written that the Supreme Court was naive to let the marines go on the ambassador's personal undertaking. "Were we naive? Should we have not accorded importance to a sovereign guarantee and a personal guarantee from an ambassador? If we act in furtherance to a sovereign guarantee, are we naive," the bench asked. '

Italy has to compensate for the two death fishermen n the present of the two shooting marines in the supreme court is a must

What goes around, comes around.  If India chooses NOT to allow Diplomatic Immunity, then it's staff in foreign countries should also waive any Diplomatic Immunity."Ambassador Daniele Mancini had given the Indian court a written promise the men would return to India by March 22. Last week Italy announced the men would not go back."#$%$ Italy.

The Indian government is just playing a game. As soon as the Indian elections are held, the Italian Ambassador will be allowed to leave and diplomatic relations will quickly mend.

Saw this coming.

They can't kidnap an ambassador , expel hin but not kidnap , they really live in the 18th century.That country is a big dump with nuclear weapons.

talk taking it out on the messenger, dam. this isn't how diplomacy works, India's holding a diplomat hostage until there demands are met. this could turn into something much bigger, since this could be a breach of internal law.

Like if they care about the slum dog country bhindia!