The situation in Zimbabwe is exactly what people knew would happen if the country was turned over to that terrorist Mugabe. All the do-gooders with their heads up their butts insisted on it, though.

What can you expect from skum like Mugabe he kills or disappears the opositon and gives the proceeds to his buddies he is skum and it is no wonder this country is now one of the poorest in the world NO AID NO TRADE

A joke in so many ways.

People complain about the abuse of civil rights in the USA and some are true, but there is no other place on Earth I would rather live. I don't care how many movies "Michael Moore" makes about Healthcare, Gun Violence, etc. Just try to live a simple life in Zimbabwe and then compare it to a similar rural area in the USA, there is no comparison. If people don't like the way it is here, go live in the 3rd world countries.  I recall a story "Redd Foxx" told one time to a reporter, he said some of the KKK and other Neo-Nazi groups were complaining that Black people should go back home, Redd replied; "St. Louis is my home and there ain't nothing you can do to make me go back there, I live in Beverly Hills and I'm staying".

surprise... who didn't see this coming?

I bet they wish it was Rhodesia again.

Democracy at its finest.

Mugabe lost the election so just ignored the results and now he's furthering his violent intimidation....doesn't anyone in that country own a sniper rifle?

is that Larry Holmes in the picture? Funniest picture I have ever seen. Hysterical. Hats too small, I thought it was a joke. We don't even need to make fun of these people, they do it for us.

Mugabe is the one that should be arrested. I bet these are false charges.Is this an alternate universe? Planet of the Apes?

Mugabe sure has a lot of good people working for him, all this is happening while he is living it up in Rome (Vatican). Yahoo news stated that he is a "practicing Catholic". They need to drop the practicing part along with those diddling Priests. He still owes the World Council of churches all that money for the arms they supplied him and his murdering thugs back in the 60's and 70's.

GEEEZZZZ..don't they vet (no pun intended) these people for "presentability". That thing looks like a pig in a hat!

As soon as Mugabe took farms, houses and other things from the whites and gave it to the blacks the country went into a tailspin because blacks have never been able to govern themselves. This is the truth, like it or not. Blacks will ALWAYS need another race to guide them along the way because they do not have critical thinking skills.

Obvious profiling by leaders in government. Democracy never comes easily.

"Police regularly mount searches without complete warrants looking for allegedly subversive materials said to be a threat to national security".Wait a second...wasn't there just a vote on a "Constitution?"

Thank God that the Chinese are taking over Africa, I mean look what they've done for their own country. Prosperity, pollution, coruption, pollution, execution, pollution. All this and a decreasing life expectency they will bring to Africa. Praise your new Chinese masters and overlords. It's a win win for the rest of the world.

Look jungle bunnies getting arrested, we lock them up over here too, but 99.9% of ours are harden criminals.

Almost scared me, Thought it was a new police uniform in one of those liberal cities in the USA...

Moog's still alive after all them years of druggin' and whorin'...and that fake dyed hitler stache ain't makin' it no mo old man...an embarassment to african men...to sentient bipedal invertebrates...This is your future, America. ZIMOBAMAWE.

0 bamas Homies going down!

what group that pimp rap for?

Mugabe so reminds me of Obummer

Can we stop giving Obama ideas?

Mugabe is a hundred year old racist thug that has destroyed most of the country.  You could kill him with just about anything, but his toadies like living the good life while everyone else lives like pigs.  His best day will be his last.

I wish I could care about Zimbabwe and its politics but I can't.My concerns are with a government which says drones can be used to kill US citizens. A government which is anything but transparent. A government which spends 46% more than it can afford. A government which has no energy security program. A government which allows its citizens to be slaughtered in places like Benghazi and then lies, distorts the truth about why they were murdered. A government which has a investigative bureau which has, for the past four years, violated due process. A government which seeks to infringe on a constitutional right so important to our Founding Fathers that they numbered it second in our Bill of Rights.I'm concerned about the United States of America. Our liberties and rights as free men are at peril.

I'm surprised Obama hasn't made him FBI Director....Hat? Ear Ring? Gold tooth?

Like most dictators it's "I will do what I want, when I want, the way I want to keep my power".Remember how they always said it was the always White man who kept them down and by themselves they have went off the cliff.

Welcome to Zimbabwe, y'all.  We is civilized.Mugabe must go! If Zimbabwe had oil or diamonds, you can bet we would be right n there! Our troops would be spreading the word of Democracy to the uninformed.

Like Californians voting Governor Moonbeam back into office!

is that a man or a woman ?  them people are terminally ugly ./...

Warship Dumba ?????????

The only thing that was missing from the photo for this article was having that police spokeswoman carrying a spear.

What is that a picture of??? Looks like a pig in earrings and glasses??

Once the White man left Zimbabwe, their economy collapsed. One egg in Zimbabwe is worth 1,000,000,000 but it's ok as long as the evil White man is not in power... Rhodesia was African heaven, Zimbabwe is African sh!thole.

This is much better than when the whites called it Rhodesia .

When Mugabe was elected to power in Zimbabwe he was leading "Rhodesia" out of a most horrific apartheid stronghold. NOW, Zimbabweans are turning against their own people for the sake of personal power and the majority Zimbabwean people are suffering under a DICTATOR who now looks just like them! Where is the United Nations?? What exactly is it that the United Nations does, anyway??

Isn't the guy in the picture wanted for shooting that rapper in Las Vegas?Let me say it again. I don't believe in black majority rule ever in Rhodesia, not in a thousand years. I repeat that I believe in blacks and whites working together. If one day it is white and the next day it is black, I believe we have failed and it will be a disaster for Rhodesia.-Ian Smith

Maybe the idea of arresting the government's top lawyer will catch on here. Holder certainly should be in jail for lying to congress during Fast an Furious and more. He said it himself he has no respect for Congress and does not feel obligated to comply during hearings. Wonder where he gets that from-Obama?

More of the same from Mugabe. The only thing I wonder about is why he hasn't been shot by someone.

Great role-models from Obama's home Continent....The ENTIRE Continent should sink into the abyss of the Oceans.....

That fat #$%$ with the hat on in the photo is a hoot....It looks like Whizzy from the Jeffersons

May Rhodesia rise once again..... The people of Zim could use that leadership again..

We must be getting close to an election in Zimbabwe. This is Mugabe's modus operandi.

WOW! Why don't we arrest lawyers? Oh yeah, they become politicians and they are beyond the law. Just ask obummer, bush, Clinton, and any congressman....That's right! congressman not congressperson!

Mugabe must be deprived of his hair dye fo him to shape up.

So, Zimbabwe is totally independent now, and no white murderers insult innocent blacks anymore. What's happened? Are blacks are still unhappy? Why: did they not obtain what they used to fight for? How many millions of American money our Hussein is willing to forward to Zimbabwe now to keep them happy?They need to shoot Mugabe and let Zimbabwe finally move forward. The country has immense potential!

typical Obama supporters.

Call Toni Childs, she will sort it out...

Wipe black Africa off the face of the Earth (except for those brave people defending wildlife) and solve the problem for a thousand years.

It is Mugabe that needs arresting...!

Ohhhh Charity, you is some sweet piece 'O meat baby!

OBAMAS NEXT MOVES

U know what if a people want freedom from oppression u must be willing to died fight ur own battles put ur own blood on the line win lose or draw.i would rather die a man than live my life as a servent

Talk about trumpted up chargers

Whicheever presidential candidate is under the thumb of the U.S. will probably win the election.Hey obammy, the police are acting stupidly in Zimbabwe.

When will somebody take this baffoon out into the veld and do away with him.If there was oil there, you bet the USA would have sorted this #$%$ out a long time ago.Where are the "world police" when the people really need them ?The rest of africa needs the "breadbasket" of africa to be productive again.

Obama is going one step further ,he is sending drones over opposition groups for further actions

Pro-democracy groups are code words for people who are paid by the west to push an American agenda.

Wait for US LEOs to grow some balls and do this here! What's stopping you? You'd be heroes!