Ike would have been appauled at the cost of this monument.  He would have wanted a simpler monument, one much less expensive.

#$%$ a 14 year project.  Anybody connected to this should be thrown out of any government job and lose their retirement.

As far as I am concerned, I think past presidents deserve a plaque on a wall similiar to the Viet Nam Vet wall.  Why do we owe them millions in monuments after their reign??  We pay for them for the remainder of their life, provide protection, pay their medical expenses, etc...why must we keep on paying?  And congressmen should get NOTHING after their terms...not lifetime support....they have pretty much done nothing but ruin this country over the past decade.

The country is all but burning to the ground and you're worried about a new memorial to Ike?

Simplify.  Make it streamlined.  Keep his life story for a library for him.

With the last few presidents, Eisenhower is looking better and better.

yesterday the story was people wanted to know where the 62 mil. went that was spent on this project already

One year planning the disassembly of our healthcare system, 14 years and counting planning the construction of a statue?

I like(d) IKE, but do we really need a memorial for the man?

As admirable as Eisenhower was, we really need to postpone this until we have money for it in the budget, which we don't have because congress is too busy wasting it on a middle east dictator welfare program.ROY -- read !!  Eisenhower's family wants funding BLOCKED; as the design is "too extravagant" !!   Guess what?   Repubs do not like to waste money.  Got it??

$60 million has been allocated for the project, but nobody knows where the money went.

Eisenhower raised the tax rate to 91% on the top earners and used that money to build the largest interstate highway system in the world. Where is that type of republican today?

He will never be forgotten. Vanity should be paid for by the family.

How much is this going to cost the taxpayers? Apparently Congress can't come up with a budget, but they can waste money on this foolery?

The nation is $17T in debt. Ike's family is in the plus. Makes sense for them to kick in.

I think... now they can send me a million for that thought. So far its a waste of money and nothing except an idea that they do not like. What happened to a statue? One with him leading the troops on D Day or him Studing the maps for D day? That was also one of his finest hours.

I like Ike.  Sadly, now it is I liked Ike.  What have they done with all the real men like Eisenhower?

Eisenhower family wants new Ike memorial design===If they want it let them pay for it not the taxpayer.

This is ridiculous!  Slap a plaque on a wall someplace nice and have done with it!Eisenhower is rolling in his grave when considering the way Republicans are behaving these days, especially with his warning about the military-industrial defense complex.

Still more out of control spending

142 million dollars for a statue to a dead president. These types of things should be done through charitable fundraising, not using taxpayers money.

Plant a tree in his honor and be done with it.

Sorry, we can't afford this kind of stuff anymore! We're not the industrial nation we were when Ike was President. We are now completely drained of all funds. Why do taxpayers have to pay for this. This should be a donation funded thing, and not to be on the backs of the taxpayers. Make a bust, or plack, or statue---why the hell does it have to always be into the millions? Aren't there enough buildings named after him? I hope to God that we don't have to go through this when obama is finally out. Nobody forces someone to run for office, if you're elected and do your job for 4 to 8 years---why do generations have to suffer financial ruin to honor them for their short time in office? Stop the madness.

Couldn't agree more with the Eisenhowers.  Ghery, a jazzy, name brand architect, is NOT a good choice for a project like this.  His design seems weak and does not feel like a memorial.

The best memorial to Dwight Eisenhower we could do is to adopt his fiscal policies that brought us out of debt and economic disarray after WWII.  Study what he did.  Study how the people turned this nation back to prosperity.  It wasn't by "TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS" that is for certain.  It wasn't by tax breaks for the "job creators."  It wasn't by firing a whole bunch of government workers and  increasing the ranks of the unemployed.  Eisenhower must be rolling over in his grave at the shenanigans of today's Republican party.

14 years?  You must be joking.  What kind of fools do we have in DC?

Eisenhower wasn`t just a great Republican, he was one of the very best presidents in American history. When I was a Republican it was due to his influence on the GOP. He brought around Democrats and Independants with his logic, and concern for the people of the United States, he won over opponets with humor, and reason. He found a way to get everyone on his side, and never berated or belittled people for not agreeing with him, instead he respected his opponets, and showed them where they were wrong. When he was mistaken, he admitted it, and changed his views accordingly. Eisnhower deserves to be remembered for the way he led our nation through some of its most difficult times, and still brought about the second greatest economic boom times in American history. Too bad he is not here today to show the GOP how to run the nation. There would far less gridlock, if he were.

I like Ike.Let them pay for any changes

If the statue is done then it needs to be done by someone that has designed them, not someone that designs buildings.  Why do it right now?  We have a large defecit that we need to get a handle on that is more important than another statue.  Why could the family not raise the $$$$$$$$$$ from the private sector?

How about a nice shiny bronze plack? If his family wants the memorial then im sure they have the 160 mill to get it built! Why do we need all this useless #$%$ when OUR COUNTRY IS BROKE!!!!!   BROKE!!!!WHAT PART OF B-R-O-K-E don't OUR ELECTED officials UNDERSTAND?

You F'in maroons in DC. You cut college benifits for active duty military and yet want to spend money on a dead POTUS and the family wants it done better. What do you think Ike would say? All of you should be ashamed of your BS selfs.

He would have wanted it simple, I say a smooth white doom to represent the top of his head with three white flag poles representing three sprigs of hair, He would have want it that way.

There's already a nice statue of him on the parade grounds of West Point Military Academy.

a great man..isn't there already a memorial? and if the family wants a better memorial, let them fund it not the taxpayers! we're broke the Eisinhowers arn't! he's still a great man!

IKE's Child hood home is 8 Blks from where i live now

Dwight David Eisenhower was a truly great leader with a list of accomplishments America can be proud of.  I've never understood why modern Republicans refuse to emulate his formula for American success with progressive tax rates, massive investement in national transportation infrastructure and technology that gave the nation two generations of prosperity.Sadly, they worship a movie actor who gave great speeches, but whose economic agenda has set the country on the path to financial ruin.Why is this so, GOP?  Are you incapable of realizing a formula for success?

How fast and how much money, do you think the Obama memorial will take?ONE HUNDRED FORTY-TWO MILLION DOLLARS???Hey, I've always been a HUGE fan of Ike, read about him since childhood, wrote Biographies for school projects, etc... BUT... regardless of the "state of our Economy"...ONE HUNDRED FORTY-TWO MILLION DOLLARS is COMPLETELY INSANE.A MONSTROUS, INCREDIBLY LARGE STATUE and memorial can and should be built, possibly costing one or two million at the MOST!Unless "private financiers" personally chose to spend their money and place the statute on "private land" at whatever cost THEY CHOSE to spend, it is SO TYPICAL that our brain-dead bureaucrats would even consider spending such an obviously UNNECESSARY SUM.

The biggest memorial in the world to Eisenhower already exists.  It is the Interstate Highway System that he began.  It is so large that it is even visible from  space.   It exists in all 50 states even though it is intrastate in Hawaii, and Alaska.  The best part is that much of it is already marked.  Just make the signs bigger and change them to read--The Dwight David Eisenhower Memorial Interstate Highway.

More waste of tax dollars, while the government is cutting the pay federal workers get.  They are planning to have Government workers work 32 hours a week to cut pay roll, which will cause many to go into bankruptcy or other issues, while Congress continues to waste tax payer’s money.

The government can not afford to do a memorial of this cost. 60 million should get him a statue at least.

HOW ABOUT A NICE NICE PHOTO ? ? ?

The country owes a lot to this man so do this memorial right.

Only 60 million? Funny how this could make it past sequestration, but the White House Tours missed the call.

You want it" You "pay for and don't expect an already nearly backrupt government to pay for it with our tax dollars either.Another waste of our money on a dead man.You people really need to set your priorities and pull your money spending heads out of your butt!

Next up, artists compete to design the new LBJ memorial...

Enough with the memorials to dead presidents, senators, and other government insiders.  These are all wastes of the taxpayers money.  And I bet Ike wouldn't want this memorial, if he were still with us.Please visit the Eisenhower Presidential Library in Abeline, KS.

$142 Million, end of story.

Frank Gehry is a terrible architect.He draws some bulbous scribbles on a napkin and then expects engineers to figure out how to build it.  Nothing he does fits in with  or is in context with it's surroundings.  Whomever thought it was a good idea to have him do a memorial to a Military General and former president should have their head examined.Call Gehry when it's time to do a Timothy Leary Memorial.

They should want a different design.  The present one is horrible.

Right now a memorial  doesn't feed anyone.  True this will create jobs but not long term, few years.  Lets put the money towards the living.   This is a splurge we don't need right now

KISS.

I think Eisenhower was a great man and president.  He deserves a memorial.  But he would not like it being built to the tune of $142M.  Especially when this country is in such bad shape.  He was down to earth and devoted his life to this country.  But extravagance just was not his style.  Table this for another 5 years.

Americans are getting too obsessed with building memorials.  Every time something happens, people want to build a memorial.  IKE has a library, am I missing something.  We built a memorial tor 9/11 and now we learned that it's too expensive to maintain.  Are people becoming so insecure that building memorials is their only way to stroke their ego?

Hawaii Sen. Daniel Inouye,a Democrat, championed the idea for this memorial. What a waste of money. So far 60 million has already been spent,with nothing to show for it. Democrats love wasting money.

Wasteful spending, what give's Congress the right to spend the people's Treasury on such frivolous things? They all should be voted out of office and then jailed for being dummies.$142 million is what this project would cost? Who is supposed to pay for it? The Eisenhower family and friends or the American people?

Let them pay for it then!

The best memorial to Eisenhower, and one he would surely approve of, would be to have his most profound warnings to the Republic found in his Farewell Address, carved in stone for all to see, as a witness against the evil forces that dominate Washington DC and sap the country of its strength.

I say go with the family! They are great people. I've been so impressed seeing them speak on a couple documentaries. One thing the memorial must include is Ike's farewell speech- "Beware the military industrial complex." !!!

The model that I just saw looks interesting but way too large relative to the surrounding landscape. The size and the number of steel panels needs to be scaled back.

Maybe someone should inform this family we`ve got a financial crisis .

pass a law you can't build memorials unless you have a budget surplus.

Greco-Roman shrine. Anything else would look like plop.

Stop White House tours for the kids. Build a memorial only $142 million, what a deal.

OH MY GOD F- THESE WASTEFUL PIECES OF SHIZAH!!!!  I'm sick to death of seeing these multimillion dollar projects on dead fools when people are starving and out of work! WE NEED JOBS YOU F'n MOOKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We all like Ike, but we can't afford a new memorial right now.  Obama needs at least four vacations a year; so sorry Ike.

ONE HUNDRED FORTY MILLION is insane for any president, but something OUTSTANDING can and should be done for Ike.As far as future memorials are concerned, the world's largest PUBLIC TOILET would be a "perfectly suitable memorial design" for that "LIAR-in-chief" in the White House today.Ornate "mosaic portraits of him" could line the urinals, toilets and floors so the all of the public could do #1 and #2 and wipe their feet, directly where they belong; right on his LYING face.

Beware the sentiment construction industry! Actually Ike is terribly undervalued as a president. He accomplished infrastructure that was the basis for several decades of terrific growth. He certainly deserves a monument. His kids are no slouches. If they say it needs a redesign it does!

How about my idea for an Ike memorial. A marble wall 100 feet tall with Ike's warning from his Farewell Address carved in stone: "BEWARE OF THE MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX"

Keep the monument simple, and in tune with those already built in D.C.  Before he was a politician, he was a soldier, and the best rule in the military is to keep things as simple as possible.  Study his administration, and the way he managed this nation, and you will see he was basically a man of simplicity and modesty.  I am sure this is why his family supports new legislation to scrap the design, and block further funding for the project. Keep it simple.

Why not let the family pay for the new joint. Another example of the "We are better than you are " attitude  that is standard equipment with all politicians. Ike got paid for what he did, why do all Ppoliticians have to have memorials ?  Talk about ego-DAH

I would really like to see a rendering of the planned avant-garde monument with this article.

$142M for an Eisenhower statue? Holy #$%$, it's no wonder this country is running at a deficit.

So where was the money coming for this?

142 million dollar project.  I guess that didn't make it to the budget cut discussions.Susan Eisenhower is absolutely right in calling a halt to an unacceptable design. She needs to be heard.  It is not at all about "committees" ruining art concepts by Nehry. This project got "out of hand" in the wretched excess of expenditures. Bad planning is just that.

how much $$$$$ did sasan come up with ????

Now is not the time to spend money for a memorial. We keep hearing the U.S. is broke. The repubs. want to dismantel social security and medicare but they are okay with spending money for a memorial. Will the insanity of our elected officials never end?

And they want to carve Obama's face on Mount Rushmore.

yea he got rid of saving money IN THE US POST OFFICE ! look how that turned out 4 american working home owners . and yes the banks screwed us since 1953 then he gave us the GREAT MILTARY WAR MACHINE ( COMPANYS THAT DEMANDED WAR FOR PROGRESS ) and yes he FIRED several GENERALS ( do not go pass the 38 parell ) in KOREA . IKE WAS RIGHT ,IKE WAS RIGHT ! as a child of the 1950s he did send troops to LITTLE ROCK ( GOOD IDEA ) and he did ease us into indo china did he not ( war machine begans ) but i was a child so can someone tell us what good did IKE DO FOR AMERICA FROM 195? to 1960 ? i can not recall to much here .

The current group of elected officials in the nations capital has turned Ike into a Mt. Olympus god.  Now Ike was a great republican.

Frank Gehry should stick to designing concert halls and museums.

I wish I was white

There's an irony in the fact that, like her grandfather and parents, Susan Eisenhower was a Republican.  However, she left the party in 2008 to support Obama as an independent.  Ike deserves a memorial.  However, I think he would have prefered one that was no so expensive or gaudy.

Hey republicans - i thought we had a spending problem.gee can`t they just build a nice a statueI thought republicans didn't like to waste money. Guess not.

Eisenhower's family can pay for the dam thing

Eisenhower???Thats a jewish name right?

It was be done unquestionably if it was for Barry Barack Hussein Owe-bama, the magnificent and most merciful.

and we are broke right?

No more monuments to anyone...We have all the pictures and likenesses of presidents, past presidents and congressmen that we will ever need.  The computer age put an end of this kind of #$%$ as school children and old people can go on-line and study them endlessly.  BTW- if the family wants one let them pay for it...PPS- he is dead.

60 million..... and we cant come up with something suitable???????? They have way too much of our money to spend.

How about this? The Eisenhower family pays for their own "monument". i"M TIRED OF "celebrities" being accorded free addulation. Think about it - everything in his life was paid for  or underwritten by the government - from free schooling at West Point through his lifetime pension and then the perks of being president - everything. What more do we owe these people?

Actually, he was born in Denison, Texas...

A memorial by Gehry is sure to look like crp and sure to be more about Gehry than Ike.Easy. Let the family pay for it.

A lot of the conflict with the design and the Eisenhower family comes from the fact that Susan spoke at the Democratic Convention because the GOP had strayed too far to the right-wing, and too far from the principles her Grandfather held dear. As long as the GOP radicals are in control of the Party, and the House of Representatives, very little compromise or honor will be given to a President who cared more about his Nation, its freedoms, its security, its people, and its future, than the agendas of his corporate sponsors and his personal ambitions and some grand monument.  That no longer is what the Party represents.  Why do a pared down monument and account for where you've spent the money, when you can make something gaudy, grand, pompous, and exuberant while you skim a few million dollars off the project for your friends?

A good thing to spend the tax payers money, ridiculous government spending!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Quit wasting time and money over this and put up a statue already!!  Enough is enough.  The government is too slow and this thing is wasting too much money.  The family isn't pleased and who knows how much more money needs to be spent to please them.  As a taxpayer I say put up a nice memorial statue and be done with it!!!!!

Some one in DC must have some common scents. Here is another 60 million that should go for debt...

Ike would have been satisfied with just having the WW II monument.

Many people come on sites like this only to insult and bash republicans.Before a lot of you dishonor this man,remember Ike was a lifelong democrat that was courted by both parties to run for president in 52.He chose to run as a republican because the dems would not even consider integrating the US armed forces,which Eisenhower said would be the only reason he would consider being president.

Seems to me the family is much more aware of the "State of our economy" than congress, as usual Congress  likes spending other peoples Money. I think Ike was a great leader but this is not the time for this kind of spending.

The Lincoln, Washington, and Jefferson Memorials are no where near the proposed site.  That said, the others were built after direct family members had died, so, in this case, it is appropriate to try to satisfy Ike's family.  Gehry is great, but maybe a little to unbending for this job.

obama will have one ,hopefully soon.My question is: does he really deserve the memorial in the first place? If yes, then the door is open for every president to have a memorial. Most of these guys have presidential libraries in their home states, or primary states of residence, and that should be enough. A statue of Ike near the WWII memorial would be appropriate.

I'll pay for it. Send me the bill!!!

SCRAP IT..... He's dead...And we are broke

They are stupid and shouldn't talk so at least it would seem smart until they say something stupid again.

Wow surprised the family said it was too much, usually they families are saying it isnt enough. Maybe just maybe they should ask the family of the man what he wants. Oh that would make too much sence for our government.

He was a protector of the people from what I can recall. So no reason to doubt the family or community.  Yes, I would spend respectfully, keeping in mind the parameters of investement and placing them in strategic location.  Whom, can provide the tours? What do the tours do? What does the library entail?  How many universities and libraries and family members are into educating the public about his presidency? Where is the mythology and how can we incorporate a separate museum that deals with the mythology of that time etc....with low cost and overhead while having it run itself fiscally.  If we have no family members involved then who in the community is passionate about the topics...and can assist in the training perhaps of many people....and children and schools so that we improve the standards of the presidency.  It's definitely not a place for anyone while the average citizens through his unaverage efforts can achieve and exell at the presidency. Before presidents were raised or raised themselves to become a president...and spent their youth studying day and night all topics relevant domestic and international....today, I doubt that...is it a popularity vote or pity...is that really how we should vote or elect and then have the electoral college also do a pity or popularity vote or political correct it aint. You got to have a sense of humor. Why can't we do a referendum limiting the presidency to 4 years and change that in the constitution...if you didn't have your act together during the first four years because you didn't have your act together prior and need an additional for years to make it work...then why don't you work.

seriously I am moving this country will never get its act together.

why not a memorial honoring the true nature of all politicians. In the form of a back end of a jackass

I saw the model just now.  Looks like a bunch of oversized terra cotta square flower pots thrown around.  Just plain ugly.  And it was how much and how much more?!!!! OH PLEASE!

I agree with most all of your comments!  There are homeless, hungry people in this country that I think the President would have rather had all of this money go to.  Especially the veterans living in tents and under trees!Cancel it   Trim the budget

Regardless of any memorial, He was the last great Republican president. I wish the current partywould emulate his behavior.

A memorial for what! didn't he shoot Jesse James in the back while Jesse was hanging a picture of President Obama?

Let the family pay for it

Maybe they should put a statute of him leading the charge against our ww1 vets when they went to washington  d c to demand the bonus monies that they were promised when they were discharged.  I did not make this up, Ike, MacArthuir and Patton were ordered by Pres. Herbert Hoover to move them out of the area. As a result hundreds were killed by our  own troops.

If they want a new one then let the family pay for it.

He's dead people and there are LIVE PEOPLE suffering!