When will Americans realize that all the massive spending (green initiatives, handouts, payoffs, gov't healthcare, etc) will lead them to this very outcome?  Foolish voters.

America has 16.7 trillons dollors of debt and is going up 4 billons a day more no our charge card.unreal stop spending money that we dont have to spend.i wonder how long it will before our goverment start taking money out of people saving?

They finally realize that they could have a run on their banks.

Americans believe America can not fail. You are wrong just open you eyes and see DEBT MATTERS.

Gold or Silver anyone? Just don't let the government know you have it or they will think they deserve it. Just look at that SS payment you get, tsxed if you are industrious enough to actually earn outside money to supliment, and they taxed it when you earned it didn't they?

Think I will drop by the bank today since we ourselves are headed that way.

Cyprus has imposed what Diane Feinstein would term "sensible gun control".  All gun owners are licensed, all guns registered and all semi-autos and handguns are banned except for a few elites/politicians.  This is the inevitable result of "sensible gun control" = socialism and slavery.

Anyone in Cyprus who still has a savings account is a moron. Don't wait to see if they give a hoot about you, get a safety deposit box and put the cash in there.

Watch those savings disappear overnight!!!

This is EXACTLY why we in the United States have a 2nd amendment. When lawmakers can vote to confiscate all or a percentage of what you have saved, its truly time to throw them out of office, not only violence but with enthusiasm. You work hard, you work smart, save and live below your means, only to have these vultures punish you for it? IF YOU WANT IT, COME AND GET IT!

Can anyone imagine the Democrats in Congress voting "Yes" to increased taxes on their no-tax paying, nonperforming, irresponsible minions ???  I can't. The stock market would have to crash 5000 points in one day before we'd ever see that happen...until then...Uncle Bernanke will oblige the politicians by printing trillions of worthless Monopoly dollars....It must just be a protest vote for communists and socialists to not support increasing taxes. They just want the present government to fall so they can step in and take all of the people's money.

If Romney was president, no one in the US would be worried about this happening here.

Sure, we'll save you.  But now we own you.We should remember this when someone says they'll take care of us.  Then they own us.

First, the government of Cyprus banned the people's guns.  Oh, they started with semi-autos, too.

It presents a good reason to "offshore" your money, your wife, your life, your business - if only we could offshore Obama to the middle east!

The White House is Monitoring this Situation very Closely.... are we next   ?????

The tyranny of the masses. They will make it 'progressive' because there is strength in numbers. Then those with brains, who lived below their means and saved, will be punished by the masses, AKA "Obamunists"

The very definition of Grand Theft.

The Cypriot government  will fall and after thursday 90% of the funds in the banks will be gone .... this is what is wrong with democracy parasites should not have the right to vote themselves money .

If you only collect taxes from working folk there will never be enough. Apple is holding $ 50 billion of its $90 billion cash reserves overseas to avoid US taxes.Is the US next. Present policies are driving us in this direction.

Cyprus does not have a "coice" in the matter; it's already been decided by the IMF &amp; the Euro.... the most unpleasant part of this?? It WILL happen here too!! People, WAKE THE FUUCCHHKK UP !

when americans get their 401k taxed like this... will they still worship democrats?

Washington has been raiding my bank account since the day I opened it.

Ouch,  why do we need a bail out again ?

The new world order is getting closer each day.god help our world.help us to get ready for what is coming.

Here is the deal Cyprus is now going to tax your life savings 10% on the top end and 6.7% on the low end.Just think you save all your life and the gov’t tax you on the money you saved. WOWThis is a USA liberal/Progressive DREAM don’t think the Obama admin along with the democrats in congress are not looking at this to do this in the USA.

Crushing government debt. Coming soon to a country near you.

Many wealthy people are voting with their feet and abandoning America.  Europeans will begin vote with their Euros, and abandon Europe.  China and Asia will thrive under relatively free trade and the influx of much investment capital while America and Europe will wither under regulations, bad fiscal policy and crumbling currencies.I know ordinary people who are making plans to close their businesses and leave America while they still can.  I am among them but left early.

I'll bet Obama is green with envy! Just imagine being able to take money from peoples savings accounts any time you want to.the bamster wants 100%.

What a bunch of thieves.  Anyone but government doing this and they would be thrown in prison.

the government doesn't know where to get the money...so they decide to steal it from its citizens...unbelievable!

strait up theft!

think your money is safe in a bank? That is in fact the easiest place for the government to be able to seize it!

AP is starting early this morning with their censorship. What did i do, diss your messiah Obama?

Any smart person in that country will IMMEDIATELY withdraw ALL of their savings and hide them under a rock.  The proposal, followed by a delay in implementation, will only mean starting a run on the banks.

If this bill actually passes, banks will find themselves subject to a quick run on savings accounts and loss of much of their assets - which will trigger even more bank failures as deposit levels shrink to nothing.  Since they pay very little interest, BUT WERE SAFE HAVENS, money stayed there. Now, the risk is high....rewards are low...money will flow out and go under mattresses, etc., where AT LEAST IT IS SAFE.  One wonders, in the USA with the FDIC guarantee, what would happen here?  Would they first cancel the FDIC guarantee on the amounts seized?  Probably.

If our government tried to raid our savings over here, we still wouldn't do anything about it. Thats why the governments all over the world take advantage because they can.

That is a good idea take your time, people do not need access to their savings and checking accounts.Does anyone still have doubts about how evil and greedy the banksters are?  The World Bank, IMF, the US Federal Reserve, Morgan/Chase and Goldman are willing to bankrupt the population of Cyprus before granting the country a loan which will lead to further oppressive demands on the country's economy: privatization of government services, wrecking unions; firing public employees; taxes etc.  It is an old tune and is the reason for state "austerity" plans around the world.  Bravo to Latin America (with Venezuela in the lead) for flipping off and throwing out the crooked international banksters, which is why the cruddy capitalists hated Chevez.  The US citizens need to sweep the Fed and the major banks out, also, before they freeze accounts to collect their blood money.

The White House is mad because they did not think of this first!

How to start a Civil War..in just a few easy steps.. steal peoples bank savings accounts.. yeah.. great idea.. no check that.. GREAT IDEA... lock and load Mister!

When will the "Global Bubble Burst"?

Arlington County Virginia can do the same as Cyprus. Even without a court order which the IRS requires. Arlington Co. doesn't respect states tax policies .i.e. If you buy a car in Arlington and live out of state and pay the out of state taxes which you reside in. Arlington still expects you to pay PP in Arlicngton County or they will garnish from your bank account in less than a month!

The US government doesn't need to do this to you so don't worry. They simply let Wall Street and the Banks steal it straight from you in scams like the Sub Prime/Derivative Scam and all the fees they charge you when they play around with your due dates and processing centers.  You overdraw a nickel and you owe them $30. HSBC launders Al Qaeda and Mexican Drug money and no one bats an eye.  Then the corporations, banks, and brokers just give them their cut in Campaign Donations and $100,000 fees or cushy do nothing high pay jobs when they leave office.Land of the Free, Home of the Brave?  What a joke.  Land of the Tubby Tubby and Home of the Slaves.

This is harkening back to the Stamp Tax, the started the steps, towards the Revolutionary War in the 1770's is the US.

Search youtube for "Joe Biden Bank Holiday"

Money is a tool to control us.....and debt almost certainly keeps us bound to the masters chains. Remember even if you are lucky enough to win the lottery jack pot  you still get to split it with I.R.S .....Greedy is as greedy does always has been always was......

This is an evil German p[an to scare depositors in southern Europe and coerce them to deposit their money in Germany where they would be safe. This will assure their domination  over Europe. This time without firing a single shot.My deposit account in my bank pay effectively no interest.  Zero. Squat. Nada. It's government insured. A government insured deposit account in Cyprus pays more than 7% or more.  So what's the problem? Russians taking no risk should get no reward. And after the tax that's exactly what they will get. That's what I'm getting.

Coming soon to America!!!

Much smarter would be to introduce a subsidy on the high interest that Cyprus banks pay general depositors.  They can build their fund a little slower and insure that depositors leave  their money in the system.  I understand that Cyprus banks pay around  7% interest. This because of the risk in holding your investment their.  Better that in russia though as you can see from the amount of Russian mob money held there.

(((____bubida has women that will do what your wife won't.....

Well, too big to fail. If jewish banksters do their manipulations, it is the people who have to pay for it!

HELL NO!! to taxing peoples savings accounts

Tax the rich, fill the abyss.