(Whining about Apple)....

Wow, mostly all games

Lol because Apple people don't give a #$%$ about moron droid garbage ;)

This article has changed my life. I did not believe in anything and was about to commit suicide until I saw this article.

Who and why do they pay for that stupid sh--?  For every paid app there is a free app that does the same thing.

How come when theres an "android" article on here, the comments are kinda boring and normal, but whenever theres an "iphone/Apple? article, the Android-ites come out of the woodwork to bash it!? I NEVER see "sheeple" go to an "android" article and bash it! WHY!?

Did my app, make the list, is why we all are here ?

What about the MMAvsBoxing.kom Combo Calendar?!?! ;P

I like aapl stock here , trading at a 7 pe. If you want to wait till it gets back to a 15 pe and $750 price until you buy it, based on some writer saying aapl stock is boring, that's your choice. But you can make a lot of money with aapl stock being this ridiculously cheap

Can't you see this on the App Store or iTunes? Thanks for the deep, investigative article.Android is the way to go! Iphones are for teenage girls.

Who cares?... sooner or later the press will understand there are three times as many Android devices as IOS ... This article is no more relevant than what I had for breakfast

This confirms that apple is only fisher price in an metal case. Vast majority of the top apps are simple games.

Is article is so useless.  You can just see this list in your app store.

Apparently there are quite a few dentists who use an iphone or ipad.

something smells fishy ... whats that dental app doing in every top10? Above YouTube??

I miss the Google Maps. Sigh

I use Angry Birds Space and WhatsApp on Android....but it was free.  Probably some premium version on IOS to make someone pay for it.  BTW, whatsapp is great for international text messaging.

THE CHIVE!

Not one map app in the bunch.lmaoFaunia Rancher should be on that list the cutest iphone game ever

QuickVoice2Text Email (PRO Recorder) too!

you know anyone with an iphone or ipad can see this information as soon as they go to the app store right??

when will you all learn that Android devies are much better. got 4G?

Looks like you iOnly iNeed 20 iApps to beat iApple at their own iGame LOLApple will pull an iFade in 2013.

ZINGA not even on the list HA! HA! HA!