Each person has the obligation to do the best he/she can.  We all have our burdens, and no one knows what another is going through.  Kindness.  Forgiveness.  Simply, do your best to be a better person today than you were yesterday.

"A kiss on the nose does much toward turning aside anger."--Snoopy

Not Catholic here, but the new Pope is a very likeable guy. He is going to do well.

Being the pope with all of it's complexities must be so challenging, I only hope that this humble person rises up to the challenge.  My gut feeling is that his humility will be his strength.

The more I read about this guy the more I like him even though I'm not part of his belief system.

Agree with some of what she is doing. But... The islanders voted to stay with Britain. Argentina needs to drop the subject...

He's in a position that he needs to be kind to everyone.  Good for him.

I am not sure what there is to mediate with Britain. The Falklands do not want to belong to Argentina, period. How can the Pope change that?

This guy is much more than a Pope he's a great politician for sure. That was a very shrewd move he made and will certainly win him many new admirers

I see there are many JUDGES out there already looking for something wrong.....what kind of people have we turned into to?If she disagrees with the views of the church she should find another religion.  Expecting the Catholic Church, or any religion, to "bend" to the views of some of its members is ludicrous.  It's like expecting a Muslim to eat bacon because a large population of the world does.  A simple comparison, I know, but isn't being in a religion largely predicated on what that particular religion stands for????  If it stands for nothing concrete then what's the point????

Ahhh  keep your friends close and your enemies even closer.

I'm a Jew, but, I can say that Pope Francis will need a lot of prayer from us all. May The Almighty Father keep and guide Pope Francis.

Argentina can embrace moral relativism all they want.  Doesn't mean that those who strive to follow God's Word are going to embrace those policies.

"Travel not the broad way, but enter into the father's house by the narrow gate".

I hope he does not do the "Political Dance". Stand strongly for what he believes and don't waiver. When he gets done he can teach the American people and our heads of government to do the same.

Catholics can differ on beliefs and their opinions on gay marriage etc.. I hope the Pope does as he believes and not for politics or political gain. I have prayed for the new Pope that he has the strength to reform the church. He has an uphill battle but I think this man really has a chance. He's a good man and can be a unified force for change.  Lets give.him a chance,  give him our devotion and give him our prayers.

One thing that stands out that he has said a number of times already.....Pray for me,  Pray for me, Pray for me.

"Bergoglio said Argentina was being harmed by demagoguery, totalitarianism, corruption and efforts to secure unlimited power: a strong message in a country whose president has ruled by decree and left scandals unpunished."The Pope is right

One thing about this Pope she cannot control him as a simi dictator, but in the end he could control her with his following.She was heard to say thank God he's in Rome

Earlier this month, the islanders voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory.sounds like it has already been settled to the satisfaction of the people involved.

Abraham Lincoln was asked why he didn't finish destroying the Confederacy when he could have.  His answer?  Do I not accomplish that when I make them my friends?  Great people have a gift.

Awwww...give'em a chance.... gotta be a step up...

if the Islanders declared their wishes to remain under the British rule, that should be the end of the dispute - and - the Pope has no jurisdiction on matters outside of his religion

Prayer for the new Pope. Another man appears who has the best interest of people in his heart.

Love thy enemy, not easy to do

Sometimes humility will make the other side more accepting and open to dialogue...

Nice.

Mugabe is racist skum.  What is he doing at the Vatican?Forgive those who have wronged us, help our brother and sisters that need us. But render lightening to those that would harm the weak.

The Argentine gov is happy to send him away to the Vatican. One less thorn.

Good thing Francis isn't a Muslim: he'd have gotten in big trouble over that kiss!

She doesn't want to participate "challenging the world to do better"?  Argentine President Cristina Fernandez and Pelosi are Catholic?  Really?

Jesus does not change with the times. He is the same yesterday, today and forever! Hebrews 13:8

Pelosi is NOT a Catholic !!!!

The Pope did the right thing. He kept his nose where it belonged.  Church and State are separate.

Blessed are the Peace makers, for they shall be called "Children of God".  Those were words spoken by our Lord Jesus.  Folks, give this man a chance.  Why is everyone already riding him for no reason?

The Pope is a religious leader. Expecting him to solve, pressure, or do anything regarding the Falkland Islands, a very-much secular problem between two sovereign nations, is asking him to step outside his functional bounds. Anything he could say to one side about ownership, he could likely accost of the other as well.

Maybe Pope Francis will be to South American socialists what Pope John Paul II was to Eastern Europe/USSR.....He is the same person today than he was then, the thing that has changed is her response to him.

More people in power should watch the new Pope and take notes!!

Kill your enemy with love and kindness. It's hard, yet it's true.

"Earlier this month, the islanders voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory."So what's to intervene in? The people wanna be Brits....Who does this woman think she is to tell them they can't?

I believe this Pope will make a REAL difference in the world we live in. I pray for him and wish him all the luck.

If the Gays are only 3% of total world population how come we hear so much about them. I do not want to hear about the gay agenda anymore.

I'm not a Catholic, but I absolutely loved the message he gave the people after his first Mass: "God never tires of forgiving us." Beautiful and uplifting.

This many people taking the time to travel to and support the choice is a statement that this person is offering what's wanted.Joy on their faces on his election also speak volumes as do his words, works, and actions. Im not a fan of the religion. This Pope may help people. Not just Catholics. The measure of a true representative of the Saint's name he chose. Praying for this Pope to do well for the peoples highest good and for his.

Let's just wish for the best---I hope he can pull it off.

There are people living on those islands, some with ancestry going back many generations, whose desires should take precedence.  Perhaps Argentina should think about returning their lands on the mainland to its original residents.  Sad but true, all the lands in the world have been taken from somebody else at an earlier time.There are lots of churches.  If someone doesn't want to follow the teachings of one, in this case Catholicism,  then choose another.

Betch'a Obama don't go!

I am in no way strict in my religion but I have a really good feeling about our new Pope.

Yoda would have made a good choice for Pope.

What's the big deal with this. The USA and Soviet Union were locked in a bitter Cold War. Jimmy Carter, visiting Moscow, planted a big, sloppy, wet one right on Leon Breshznev's mouth.

the kiss of...........?.........give this pope a chance he's different.he'll need time &amp; support &amp; hopefully work with honest people........in time we'll see.......

When the PEOPLE of the Islands voted to remain British ruled, that should send a mesage to Argentina they are NOt wanted at all !!!  Makes NO difference what the Catholics Pope or the Argentin people say !!!!

And he's so cute in a Mr. Magoo kinda way.

Good reviews about this one so far.

I've been reading comments. My head hurts. Some people just need to get over themselves.Why didn't she ask Monaco to intervene ?

If Robert Mugabe is a devout Christian, then Lindsay Lohan is the world's safest driver.

Jesus said, "Do good to them that hate you." (The Sermon on the Mount)

Don't cry for me Argentina.

The pope looks a little like Rudy Giuliani.

Cristina Fernandez is a dictatorial nut job like Chavez

go to hell Argentina!  Falkland belongs to Britain! The people voted!

Fernandez saying the new pope would inspire all world leaders to focus on the poor.  This spoken from a Chavez friend who lives like a queen!

The American media want a Pope who adapts to the norms of American secular society.  That, in their opinion, would be a great Pope.

Let the People of the Falklands decision stand. If you don't then China will for sure forcibly take Taiwan.my mother has passed away, but one of my most fond memories is her love for the church and her god. she read the bible every day, and she never tried to convert you. i wish i was more like my mother, she was always at peace with herself. if you can enjoy your religion you are lucky. i hope thw pope can inspire all of us.

I'm protestant, and I'm liking this Pope more and more each day!

If you don't allow murder, does that mean you are still in the middle ages?If you don't allow robery, does that mean you are still in the middle ages?If you don't allow stealing, are you still in the middle ages ?It seems there should be no law at all to some. Let's have a complete freedom and see how long human beings can last.

Even though we have two gay people in our family, and love them dearly, it is difficult to accept their sexual preferences as "normal".  It is so hard to understand that entire concept.

If the pope had been Muslim they'd be calling for his execution for this gesture. Islam the religion of peace my #$%$!

The Faulkland Islands is the only free spot in the Southern Hemisphere.

A show of mercy...  ....you'd never see this from a Muslim Cleric to a non-believer.

Bible says to worship God, no a false idol.

sounds like they are going to try for another butt kicking from the brits

Does Pope Francis kissing Argentine President Fernandez make her a "made woman"?You might just have a good Pope there... Finally...

Don't cry for me argentina said the pope

the islanders voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory.................that pretty much says all.

Maybe there is something else going on here.......

He is a good and humble person, and will do a lot to heal some terrible wounds.

I dont usually follow the Pope and what he does every minute of every day......I am sure his internary is next to being one of the busiest( I was going to say Obamas, but hes golfing right now)  He represents the Catholic Church,  But a GREAT POPE will represent ALL PEOPLE.

Pope Francis:  "Who's El Gran Queso now?"

the Pope will have more influence on Argentines than its president

I just read today where NBC's news is 85% nothing but opinion of the left-wing marxists who own it.  Seriously . . . if we rely on any media to give us the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, we are fools.  I am so sick of the "spin" they put on everything.  This especially is important where the marxist socialists communists hate the Catholic church.  Well then, go get a life and leave us alone.  We teach the truth handed down to us for 2,000 years, you teach your pagan socialism to your adherents.  The news is supposed to be about information, not your opinion.

While I fail to see (as i have sicne 1982) how the Falklands/Malvinas can be of any significant strategic importance to the UK.  The 1982 conflict only exposed the difficulty that the UK has in protecting from afar the handful of loyalists living on the islands.In time, its my belief that the UK will retrench and negotiate a handover of the islands in exchange for other territory or consessions from Argentina.  Right now, there are too many veterans of the 1982 conflict still around and many of them have powerful allies in Parliament.As for Pope Francis, he appears to be showing his humility by meeting with President Fernandez and allowing her to have her say, without making any comments to her or her government.  As an eccelsiastical soverign, he does not have the weigh of a force of arms or significant dimplomatic weight to force a resolution in the matter.He should of then turned and gave her the "other" cheek to kiss.  Guess that's why i'm not the Pope.

I wonder if he'll give Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a kiss.  Now that would be Saintly!

Will Rogers(American Humorist), "Buy Land!, They ain't making anymore.".

Why should the Pope (leader of all the Catholics of the world) intervene,or negotiate on the Falkland-Islands, or for that matter,ANY POLITICAL ISSUE.!. Thats the job of Argentine President- C.Fernandez..And, if she cannot do that job, she should relinquish control..

Good thing she's a woman. It would not have helped the Pope for him to have kissed a man the same day that South African cardinal said pedophilia's not a crime, but an illness. FYI: it's both; get treatment in jail.

That kiss reminded me of this joke:After a few days, the Lord called to Adam and said, "It is time for you and Eve to begin the process of populating the earth so I want you to kiss her."Adam answered, "Yes Lord, but what is a kiss?" So the Lord gave a brief description to Adam who took Eve by the hand and took her to a nearby bush. A few minutes later, Adam emerged and said, "Thank you Lord, that Was enjoyable."And the Lord replied, "Yes Adam, I thought you might enjoy that and now I'd like you to caress Eve." And Adam said, "What is a caress'? So the Lord again gave Adam a brief description and Adam went behind the bush with Eve.Quite a few minutes later, Adam returned, smiling, and said, "Lord, that was even better than the kiss." And the Lord said, "You've done well, Adam. And now I want you to make love to Eve." And Adam asked, "What is 'make love' Lord?"' So the Lord again gave Adam directions and Adam went again to Eve behind the bush, but this time he reappeared in two seconds.And Adam said, "Lord, what is a headache?"

funny how the people of the island want to stay with the Brits, but yet the leadership tells them otherwise. ALL people in power are corrupt pieces of filth.

It reminded of this simple and clean joke:A priest comes into the Vatican church crying out, "He's arrived!!! He's finally arrived!!!!"The Pope hears the commotion outside and goes to see what's going on.The Pope sees the priest responsible for the ruckus and asks him "Who's arrived, my son? Who's arrived??"The Lord!!! The Lord has finally arrived!!! "He's right outside the church!!!"The Pope, without missing a beat, tells him and all the other priests and nuns who came to see what the ruckus was about, "look busy!! Look busy!!!"

Atheists and secularists are showing us, through their comments, how hateful and spiteful they are.

The Libs think a Jesuit will be more open to liberalization but might just see a Pope with real balls who will give the left a real fight. Jesuits are the bad boys of the church.True Christians do not have foe's, BUT rather friends in the making.  Sorry to whom ever wrote the article, you need to really understand what it is to be a Christian.  It is a heart, soul, and mind change where you have NO hatred in your heart towards others since it would be a sin against God.  Once a man such as Pope Francis turned his life to Christ he left the former world of hatred behind and stepped forward into a life of forgiveness, hope, and LOVE.

Hey new Pope, but out of politics and vote in contraceptives. The people on the islands have spoken and you have no say as to what country they belong to because you are Argentinian.

Is he practicing the Lord Jesus, "Love your enemies."?

For the past 5 years we have been kissing Obama's #$%$.  Maybe it is time to try the other end.

St Francis, the one he is named after, had his sandals stolen.  He ran after the thief, caught him, and told him, you forgot to take my robe, and gave the thief his garment.  Now thats humility or shear craziness.

Everyone's entitled to their own views and opinions including Pope Francis. Wasn't there and article about the falkland islands recently where the people living on the islands wanted to stay under British protection or was i wrong on that, Anyway there are so many things on the Pope's desk now that i'm sure he is going to tackle them one by one with a WHOLE LOT OF PRAYERS before making decisions.

Francis needs to keep his nose out of this.He already said he wants the Falklands to be Argentine.The fact that the Falklanders are British and enjoy degrees of protection unheard of in Argentina politics should be enough for him to keep his mouth shut.Especially when 35,000 Argentinian students are still missing.

Argentina needs to get over it. They lost the war and the "Malvinas" are still the Falkland Islands. There is a huge sign at a border crossing between Argentina and Brazil near the Iguazu Falls. It states that "Los Malvinas" belong to Argentina.

There is no dialogue needed.  This is merely a ploy from the left-overs from Peron who wanted to shake up England.  Those who live in the Faulklands want to stay British so the flap is just to bring forward some of the long-standing "feuds" that can be thrown out to make this event faught with contention.  Thing is, Jesus, the Lord, is used to contention - he has a way of "calming even the winds and the seas".  Amen

"A kiss on the hand is quite continental, but diamonds are a girl's best friend", so sayeth Marilyn Monroe..........Liberals are bad with their gay machinations. Machination, 1)  A crafty scheme or cunning design for the accomplishment of a sinister end.

Wait, the Falklands voted overwhelmingly to remain British and this is still an issue? Why?

Sinful people like warmongers, gays, molesters, etc. need to listen to the pope and change their ways for the good of all mankind.

Jesus forgives sin not makes sin ok.

Pope Francis simply followed Jesus Christs guidelines on dealing with enemies.  Bestow kindness in the face of hostility.Mate is a great beverage -- its a tea.  Properly prepared, Mate has about as much caffiene content per cup as coffee.

Cristina Fernandez is a beauty, even at age 60.  Are they still in dispute over the Falkland Islands.  Argentina got their butt whipped so, end of story.

Hopefully he will speak out against leftist swine everywhere - especially in the US.

The islanders want to remain British.  I think that answers that.Besides, asking the Pope to get involved in international diplomacy?  What is this 1513?

Much is being made of the new Pope's clothing, and his ring, and things of that nature!  My question is what do we know of his religious views?

argentina neither understand that as a country thta has many imigrant italians it is going nowhere with all it's anti god moves and it will not bring any real peace in a country that I , as achild, admired and wanted to always visit, but now with all the anti-god movements, it will be another country that has hit the dust, because it has accepted much of what jesus christ has instituted as law.. god help this world, we are headed for destruction.. dear god.. help us, we really need you now more than ever!The qualities the media seem to most appreciate in Francis are also the qualities they like in politicians.  Hopefully, there will be a difference.

First, her last name isn't Fernandez, it's Kirchner. Second, the dumb broad Kirchner is trying to figure out how to gin up a war over the FALKLANDS now that the pope from her own country will be ripping her on it to her Catholic populace if she continues to try.

Is he going to Iran and try to free the Amarican Pastor there

AP, Fernandez has a lot of groveling to do to save face as to her and late husband's opposition to the Catholic Church in Argentina! Who in Argentina wanted their anti-Catholic mandates!?

Kissing will get you pregnant.

Argentina will soon learn that the Church of England has their own leaders and the Pope isn't one of them.

Judas also kissed someone.

Francis I may be born as an Argentinian, but he is the pope now w/c makes his nationality takes a back seat over anything else.He could not be seen as partial to his home land w/ its conflict w/ Britain over territories.

Nothing like religious pomp and presidential inaugurations!

and the tide turns... i predicted this last week, just as soon as it serves the media agenda, they will turn on Francis like a pack of rabid dogs. no honeymoon lasts forever, and the media can't keep ratings up without controversy.in the last few hours i've read stories blaming him for the falklands war, and for the military junta in the 70s. neither of which anyone in world did anything about at the time.the church has existed through many worldly conflicts that it had no involvement in, nor power to affect. and yes in the long history of the church mistakes have been made, including the recent perversions of pedophile priests abusing their power. lets wait and see what is done to right the wrongs before condemning the Pope for those actions.his words during his speech the other day rang loud in the college of cardinals. May God forgive you for what you have done.We hear just as much about the gay people as we do Kim Kardashian.

No matter what you think of the Catholic church, they do have the best hats!The pope's headgears rocks!

The islanders voted overwhelmingly to stay a British Commonwealth. What is the issue? The people have spoken.

I find it interesting that the author of the article is named Gregorio Borgia!

Argentina still whining about Falklands?  They can't take island on their own so now they go crying for religious help?  AND to take an island that overwhelming want no part of being "Argentinian"?So... why is Argentina military unable to wrest control of an island that is "right next door" away from country that is couple thousand miles away?  Inferior military?  Inferior leadership?  Inferior human in general?

The people voted to remain a British Overseas Territory...Argentina should just accept that and go quietly into the night. The Pope should stay out of that political situation completely. Let the people that live there decide this.

He seems to truly be a man of peace and of God forgoing politics for the true purpose of his office.

So 1 week on the job. How do you feel about having S A T A N as President of the US?

Well, the Brits won't give back a chunk of crystal to India, they sure won't abandon one of the few, 16 territories, they can still call their own.

Nemesis? Rival? Foe???? Makes the Argentinian president sound like the devil or something.A good man working on behalf of many bad ideas.It's good to know that Argentina's president is progressive, not representing values of the Middle Ages.

Frankie will get jammed up just wait and see.  Not with a young boy.  With a woman.  He definitely had a goom in Argentina

If this Pope wants to have the honor and respect of all, I think it necessary for him to remove himself from any form of politics. In any event, the President of Argentina hasin fact ruined the economic fiber of that nation.  What the President wants from the Pope isa political crutch in order to provide support for her policies.

I hope he will be telling Biden, Pelosi and company they have excommunicated themselves from the Church along with all the abortion rights advocates inside the Church.

Well done!

I understand that the proper manner of dress for a woman includes a black veil, not a hat.

I believe Pope Francis  will be a fine Pope.  He is a week into his Papacy and has already made a mark in peoples hearts, Catholic and non - Catholic.  We'll see how things progress for him once he really begins to work as Pope.  Although, I only see things getting better for him and he moves along as Pope.  It like he already knows where he is going to go before he gets there.

If any world leader? Anybody thinks that a Pope or any Catholic Priest is going to tell anybody that's its okay to have un-natural sex with a same sex person? If anybody thinks the Catholics will relieve you of that guilt? Make that normal?You got another think coming. Are you kidding? I mean thats a dream world.The politicians need votes so they don't live by ideals. They go by the whims and fancies of the moment to get elected. The Pope, the Catholics, any great religeious leader is going to let a guy get on all 4's and take it up the #$%$ and call that normal for God? No Way.You can do it but don't go looking for somebody to relieve you of the guilt.

The Church did not lose the war against gay civil unions.  The homosexuals lose when they enter such a demeaning state of life.

Gay is just another sin of choice that one needs to deal with.. Repent is for all of us,for we all have sin,or abnormal behavior ,for if we say 'accept me', because God made me this way,then lets let all the thieves and murderes  and rapists out,for its really not their fault..or is it?...................Its that simple.............JP101how can gay people further the reproduction of the human race? if the world was full of homosexuals only the human race would die out...

"Fernandez and her predecessor and late husband, Nestor Kirchner, defied church teaching to push through a series of measures with popular backing in Argentina, including mandatory sex education in schools, free distribution of contraceptives in public hospitals, and the right for transsexuals to change their official identities on demand. Argentina in 2010 became the first Latin American country to legalize same-sex marriages.".....   Change a few words and you have the American Presidency

In all, some 33 Christian delegations will be present, as well as representatives of Jewish, Muslim, Buddhist, Sikh and Jain communities. They will see a simplified Mass compared to the 2005 installation of Pope Benedict XVI, with for example fewer cardinals pledging obedience to the new pope. Is Oboma going to be there??

So When they continued asking Him, He lifted up Himself, and said unto them, "He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her."  John 8:7

Although God is slow to anger, He will decide everyone's eternity and whoever is not in the Book of Life will not enter the Kingdom of God, forever.

She wants the pope to intervene yet is the first that would yell "Seperation of church and state" if the church intervened against Argentina. Christina is off her rocker.

"she called his position on gay adoptions reminiscent of the Middle Ages and the Inquisition.""You shall not lie with a male as with a woman; it is an abomination." -Leviticus 18:22What is so difficult to understand? THAT'S THE FAITH! It's in the book! You don't have to agree with it, that's not the argument. But these liberals (Christian, Jewish or Atheist) who flippantly say "When are they gonna change that?" don't understand what religion is. It's about conforming yourself to a belief system, not the other way around. If you don't agree with it, fine, but to demand the Church ignore it's foundation so YOU feel better is beyond narcissistic.

The pope should remain focused on the affairs of GOD and not the the affairs of state!

Well, I do know that Saint Peter was NOT a SISSY!!!! He had a WIFE too!!!!

goodPelosi and Biden are only Catholic when they want to push or it suits  a political agenda. Our Pope has taken on Argentinean  Politics. His humility gives him strength, Please do not confuse caring for the poor as a Socialistic agenda, nothing could be further from the truth. It is a individual responsibility first and foremost!

I wonder if she was impressed with his big fancy pope hat.

I think the Pope will not intrevene in the UK-Argentine Politics, but the Polish Pope (John Paul) did intervene soon after the collapse of the former Soviet Union in regards to "freeing" Poland from "Iron Curtain" overpowering. Would he do it ?  I guess not an urgent matter for the Vatican, and if he would do so then other similar conflicts would have to be intervend into as well.

The Pope appears to be exactly what is needed today's society

The Media is trying so hard to make the Pope look bad, but the exact opposite is happening!!

The Argentine president is his foe?  I thought Satan was the Pope's foe.

The kiss of death?

The dispute over the Falkland islands was one of the shortest military actions in recent history.

Geez I hope we never elect an ultra-left socialist like the one Argentina has.  Oh wait...

This refreshing new Pope only needs to support the message of peace and freedom as the people of any nation choose how they will live, their level of freedom and their government.  Pope Francis needs to underscore a message of peace with the freedoms of speech and religion across the world.  Best wishes Pope Francis.Look, people!  This man seems to be the example of much that is good in people, but I am getting tired of every article in the news proclaiming his every "first".  Are they going to report the first time he goes to the papal bathroom?

He should have said touche, Christina!

POPE FRANCIS; with an   "i" ; not an "e"!

Argentina's dispute with UK,  will be an interesting test of this pope's stance vav papal  (overt) involvement in politics.  Techinically, popes nowadays are apolitical... but...We'll see.

"Earlier this month, the islanders voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory."  Wouldn't asking the Pope to side with you against the wishes of the residents of the island be the equivalent of declaring war of the people of an island chain that has a high percentage of Catholics?

If the Falklands citizens voted overwhelmingly to remain a British territory why would Argentina continue the fight? Do the people have no say?

The Pope should stay out of international politics.  He has plenty of cleanup work ahead within the Vatican and the entire Catholic community.

Hopefully this Pope wont visit Fidel Castro yet!

What did Peter's coat of arms and official ring look like?

I am not Catholic, but for some reason I am feeling a strong pull to this Pope. From what I have read about him so far I am very pleased. I pray he continues to be the humble Pope he is starting out to be. I suspect Jesus would be proud to have this man representing Him and His Church.I guess this Argentina chich has to eat ALLOT of crow.

Hello Greg.  You say that if only 3% of the population are gay ... why does the topic get such attention?  First of all, I think the number is much higher, for people are afraid to 'come out'. Secondly, humanity are very sexual beings.  Therefore, most are constantly are fighting any aspect of homosexuality in their mind or any personal natural urges that they may have of a homosexual nature.  Thirdly, when a man or woman ... admires how someone is dressing or thinks that they have a pleasant face, sometimes ... these natural attractions of external dressing or external beauty ... sometimes can just touch a bit ... on being personally attracted to this person in a sensuous or sexual way.  These feelings happen naturally.  So, how or where or what do we all do ... about seeing BEAUTY in another person ... just because we see something attractive about them.  Maybe we are just too focused on ... who is gay, why there are gay, where they are gay, how gay are they, etc.  How about if we all concentrate on the other 97% of life's challenges?  ( Or, would it be 95%, 90% or maybe 75% or whatever, instead. )  No matter how you flip-flop it, people are really obsessed with other people's sexuality.   Maybe, we should just 'mind our own business', a bit more?

The Vatican needs to ban everything from china !

He's classy and principled; she's just another Argentinian nut job hoping to whip up nationalist fever with yet another attempt to annex the Falkland Islands.

This incompetent commie witch has more nerve than a brass monkey. She hated then-Cardinal Bergoglio in Argentina and fought everything he preached. Now she's  running to him for help. As a head of State as well as a Pope, he might have an obligation to deal with her.

I'd love to see him slap Biden for being in favor of abortion.

love thy enemythis guy is doing it right from the starti'm confused......is he actually a being what i expect from a POPE?

Are we entirely sure it wasn't a Judas kiss?

I thought the Pope's only foe was the Devil?

Mugabe has no business being at the installation, that murderous thug of a dictator.I think it's funny that the Pope has received more scrutiny in 1 week than Obama has in 6 years. I'm sure I've got it all wrong though.....

And here I thought he was meeting with Obama.

It is a nice move on his part..to make peace before his installation as Pope.

where can I get the new pope night-light ???

I hope he informs them that nobody but Englishmen have ever lived there and to keep there damned hands off the Falklands.

the Queen of England  against  Christina Fernandez    three rounds? winner takes all'     .... 'you're right ......  ( Not a fair Fight! )... " how about ?  prince charles's wife  Camilla'...L&gt;O&gt;L

He`s just a man. The bible makes it clear not to make anyone to be called,"HOLY FATHER" on earth. It`s an abomination. Men have the right to marry and have sex with their wives. Even church leaders. Men cannot forgive sins. Only Jesus can.  This backwards dusty old religion called catholicism is from the dark ages and old. I`m a ex-catholic who finally opened my eyes. I go to God for my sins,not a man. I bow ONLY to God,not to man. Catholics wake up and read the bible on truth not what your parrisioner,nun or priest say`s.

I think the English government stopped taking advice from the Pope in the 16th century.

The author left out that the Inaugaration will be televised at 4am ET on EWTN and other channels

Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth.When the world is against you, you are doing the right thingIm not Catholic, but I like this Guy! A Real, Down to Earth type of Guy!

if you ask any italian living in argentina where they are from, they would say italy, not argentina. he's italian.

He needs to keep those Priests from giving surprise kisses

A few days ago, one of the commenters posted that ecumenical patriarch Bartholomew l would be in attendance at the inaugural mass but it had not been reported. Now it has, along with all the others who will be in attendance. I have to say: the list of attendees and the broad range of factions they represent surprises me. More and more I am impressed with this leader.

Along with many Roman Catholics, I too pray for Francis, praying for the strength, and heavenly guidance when facing a secular non-believing world.

Why, if homosexuality is such a "sin", weren't priests who molested young MALES ex-communicated instead of hidden back within the flock?  I'd simply like an answer to that question.  I don't care if the answers come from Vatican City, or, even one of you special members with big mouths can take a shot at answerin' it.

Skeleton in the closet??? At least as far as we know his skeleton dont consist of raping children.

Did he give her some tongue?

Well, I just hope he does something about sorting out "devout" catholic bob from Zimbabwe !  Nobody else can so here's hoping on Pope Francis !

I like this Pope.He doesn't act like a King nor a God. He knows He just a Man and wants to be treated as that. Pope that wants to work for God as Peter did also .This pope is at least trying to mend fences that the last pope refused to.  I think we all just need to give him a chance and see what he will or will not do.  At least he is a welcome change from the last pope!

I'm sure the Iman in Iran is writhing in disgust...ughh unauthorized touching of the opposite sex!

I'm very jealous, Popes get to wear the coolest hats!

Touching.

Hey Pope...it's time to cleanse the church of homos!  Get rid of em all....including the biggest one: Roger "The Dodger" Mahoney who should be in jail for covering up all of the churches crimes against humanity!    Do this and your flock shall return!

new headline should read: Pope makes out with head of state! why limit sensationalism?

Grow some balls Argentina and try to take the islands from Great Britain,I dare you,that's what I thought,all talk.

It sounds like the residents of the Falklands have spoken.  They want to be Brits.It's not up to Argentina, their president, or the Pope.  It's also not appropriate for the Argentinian president to be asking the Church for political favors - just because the new Pope is from Argentina.

Who is going to represent the U.S.? Article should have stated that.

"I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I the LORD do all these things." (Isaiah 45:7, KJV)Good cop; bad copthe only dancing done is by politicians who push secular agendas but still have to appear God-fearing for their constituents.....see how those hypocrites dance!!!

I'll be glad when we stop seeing all of these stories."Pope ties own shoes.""Pope likes Starbucks and had a double chai latte"etc, etc, etc...

About a decade ago, Argentina held a sale of government bonds. They raised  sonmething like $4 Billion in the sale. They are refusing to pay out on them now, and have basically told the holders of these bonds to go pound sand. The person chiefly responsible? None other than the president of Argentina herself. People from all sorts of countries have been suing, but nobody has gotten paid yet. She wants to kick the british out of the falklands, who were there 300 years before Argentina was a country, she used to give this pope a middle finger on a daily basis, and she wears more makeup than an old drag queen.I think she should move to America and run for congress, she seems to be cut from the same cloth.

Why is it that nobody in the Media criticizes Islam or the Imams ? They condem Gays to death !

Pope John Paul was in Philly while Mother Teresa was visiting. A reporter asked her if she was going to see the Pope, and she said no, the reporter said he is the Pope, and she said he is only a man, I am serving God in my duties. The reporter about had a fit, and dropped the microphone.I am hoping this man is humble to realize he is still a sinner, and that the greatest is the servant of all.

For all this Pope's attempts to make his dream of the Vatican come true, REMEMBER.....Pope John Paul I died only 33 days into his Pontificate (August 26, 1978 - September 28, 1978). It was one of the shortest reigns in the annals of the papacy.The "Smiling Pope," as he was affectionately called was born Albino Luciani on October 17, 1912 near Belluno, Italy. He was ordained in 1935, made Bishop in 1958 and became patriarch of Venice in 1969. He received his cardinal#$%$ in 1973. He was a staunch believer in ecumenism and the reduction of Church wealth. He was warm, humble and had no aspirations for the papacy. After Pope Paul VI died, Luciani was elected on the second day of the Conclave in 1978. He refused to wear the papal tiara or to be carried in the gestatorial chair. He was praised as a liberal reformer who read Mark Twain. He was on a mission to reverse the Church's position on contraception, cleaning up the Vatican bank and dismissing many Masonic cardinals.Many Roman clerics were HOSTILE towards Luciani. It was rumored he was DELIBERATELY elected by cardinals KEEPING SECRETS, that he was too weak to bother them and his health would cause him to die prematurely in office. However, to the surprise and consternation of those very same cardinals, Pope John Paul I IMMEDIATELY investigated the Vatican Bank and wanted to clean house of any prominent prelates who were Freemasons.He was about to make a series of dismissals and new appointments and REMOVE those accused of financial and other misdeeds. All this has been construed as a motive for his murder.The Vatican Bank ScandalThe Vatican Bank (or The Institute for Works of Religion - IOR), was personally owned and operated by the Pope and made loans to religious projects all over the world. It was discovered that the bank exploited its high status and engaged in risky speculation and illegal schemes, including money laundering. Money was invested with Robert Calvi, head of the bank in Milan. He was eventually convicted for currency fraud in 1981 - (over $1.3 billion dollars was missing from bank funds). Calvi fled to England where he was found dead, hanging from a bridge in London.

In other circles this would've been called the, " Bacha Da Morte!"

A nice gesture.

The Vatican must maintain all ties with Taipei !

wait till after tomorrow, when the installation is formalized. looks like Pope Francis will be able to get knuckleheads together to talk and cooperate, about time. this is all going to get really interesting! Curia, hang onto your boxers.