Farmers markets are the way to go for good honest, locally sourced quality food!

Many items in Sainsburys are marked : was £10/- now £5.50/-,clearly indicating that a rip off of £4.50. prevailed. We positively avoid these offers, and in general have reduced purchases from Sainsburys/Asda,Tesco etc. All our fruits and vegs are now purchased from our local markets,Monday's, Thursday's and Friday's, also garden plants - all very fresh and of very satisfactory quality.

Morrisons frozen Lorne sausage was £1:25 for 14, now £1 for 10,BUT individual slice down from 71gms each to 60gms.Pork content DOWN from 43% to 26%,Beef content DOWN from 5% to 4%.Need a computer to work out the % con. here?No horsing around please.

The likes of Tesco and Sainsbury are not 'Grocers' they are supermarkets. I had a saturday job in a grocers during the 1950's, all the hams were cooked in store, coffee beans were freshly ground to customers preferences and cheeses came in large muslin covered blocks which needed turning regularly to maintain the correct texture. And lastly service came with a smile.

Online delivered to the door, very good for people with arthritis or the elderly etc, I have arthritis, so getting heavy bottles delivered to the door, up steps outside is very good. But still go shopping for other stuff, and I walk to the shops and back, over a mile away. Local tesco is going to move to a different part of town soon, too far for me, sainsbury is the next nearest, but find them a bit more expensive

Should that not be "online sales help Sainbury's.."....?

This headline made no sense to me. I had to read the article to discover what it was about.

They are all highway robbers over priced the vat dosn't help so the tories have put the price of shopping up as well

We go to local independent shops these days and buy bread, meat and vegetable. "INGREDIENTS".Things like shower gel, orange juice and milk we get from LIDL and ALDI.Never had such fine food from the supermarkets with their watery expensive meat, tasteless vegetables and fruit that go off after a few days as they have been kept on the cusp in gas flushed chillers for weeks as they were traded by the tonne by wealthy jews on the future commodities market.

And people wonder why the small local shops in the High Streets of our villages and towns are struggling to survive. The big supermarkets are not content with destroying the unique character of town centres, now they want to come in and put out of business even the last surviving and struggling shops.do there sell any horseburgers

Sainsburys for fruit and veg, Tesco's for everything else.  Price and quality can be both found at the store but Sainsbury is far to exspensive for homeware products.

Robust Horse sales !

The only people employed by those "Sainsburys Local" convenience stores are Indians fresh from Indian on a student Visa.

'Sainsburys local' convenience stores will only employ you if you have a name like Apu Bamalingapapalam from India.

They have succeeded in taking away business from small shopkeepers and they're still complaining, now competing with each other. Will it never end. What next will they dream up

Food is very cheap nowadays. Anyone who says different is a total idiot. Please agree that I am correct. Thank you.