So if someone tries to respond to criticism in the media they are being "defensive"??

Finger pointing and blaming for something not caused by the church.  Argentine problem was caused by the government supports who turned the government into a dictatorship and the dictatorship slaughtered thousands of citizens who disagreed with or hated being controlled by one sick person.   If the church at the time would have campaigned against the dictatorship their would be no church in Argentine and their would be hundreds of thousands more people killed, that is the way radical governments works as well as their low life supports. Now its 20 or 30 years later and finger pointing and blaming is falling on Pope Francis for not being slaughtered and for not helping slaughter thousands innocent people for not campaigning against a sick government that was supported by thousands of sick Argentines.   In history and the future  all the problems in the world are caused by governments run by radicals or  dictators who do not care about the people or put 100 percent effort into the people.

Let's review the article.  Bergoglio told the two priests to stop their mission in the slums for their OWN safety.  The two priests refused and were captured by the junta and interrogated.Bergoglio persuaded the family priest of feared dictator Jorge Videla to call in sick so Bergoglio could say Mass instead and take the opportunity to successfully appeal for their release.Sounds like he did his best to get them freed after they refused orders.  Also please remember that at that time Bergoglio was simply the head of the local Jesuit order in Argentina.  He was not a bishop or other member of the Catholic hierarchy in Argentina.And for those of you not old enough to remember - the Argentine junta made tens of thousands of people disappear.  People who spoke out against the junta disappeared, what good would have been served by Bergoglio publicly speaking against the junta?  None, because he would have died.  How many people was he and the Jesuits he supervised able to save because they worked in secret.  We will never know, but certainly more if the Jesuits had been "disappeared" like so many other for publicly defying the junta.A person has the right to speak out against tyranny and choose to die.  Nobody has the right to demand another commit suicide by speaking out against a military dictatorship.  This was true in 1939 in Nazi Germany and in 1976 in Argentina.

What "honeymoon"?   I saw the first mention of this in the news less than 12 hours after his election.

Just makes me very glad I'm not in a spotlight.  Media would have a field day.

Ah, the pope tripped on a step....let's put that in 30 articles today to set the seed of frailty and a lack of coordination.....

If our Lord returned tomorrow I would expect the media to attack him also.

It's everyones right to speak, but then do so with reason. Have you been under a total threat of death? He lived it, you haven't. Have you got the courage to walk through the areas he has and help the poor? Let's stop trying to burn a courageous man, who is dedicated to helping people. It's a new day, turn the page.

Bishop Oscar Romero was assasinated March 24, 1980 one day after he called upon Christian Salvadoran soldiers to " to obey God's higher order and to stop carrying out the government's repression and violations of basic human rights."   Let us also not forget the rape and murder of Jean Donovan and 3 religious sisters in December of the same year while performing works of charity.   This is what happens to individuals (religious or otherwise) who speak out against violent despotic regimes.   I think our civilization has had enough martyrs.

The man trips and automatically doubt is raised as to capability.  Terrible events years ago that were difficult enough give rise and fodder for scandal that doesnt exist.  Rather than look to the good we love to embrace the bad.   Dont worry Pope Francis -- you are in good company with a lot of historical figures who got the same treatment .The Jesuits, again, and what would the indian population say about the coming of the Jesuits in their community five hundred years ago.  Jesus was murdered by the same type of men outwardly appearing holy, but rotten to the core.  Not much has changed.  Seems like the church is complicit in all sorts of nefarious doings, lets not mention the aiding and abetting of nazi officers to Argentina by counterfeiting documents and arranging logistical support.  So popey man, how much will it cost for that statue to send me to heaven.

Sometimes circumstances aren't as they appear. We are all too quick to judge somebody without knowing the facts, and the circumstances that they find themselves in. The Dirty War saw 40,000 Argentines simply disappear. Like the Genocide of the Jews under Hitler, the best hope of saving people was to go underground. Life had tough decisions, but the accusers weren't there to know what Bergoglio had to endure.

I really don't care about the pope at all, but to try to run him over by being from Argentina and the dictatorship there, what about Benedict, he was from Germany and we all know what happened there.   No matter waht a person does, when he gets to the top, others want to bring him down.  I was forman for a company for 21 years, and always critized by co workers, just the way it is.

Did the Vatican really think the Media would treat them any different than anybody else theycan dig back in the Archives and find something to discredit them for...

I still when Orson Wells portrayed citizen Kane as an affront to the conservative media.Today in the US, the major news outlets are merely puppets to the The Regime.As drones fly overhead, echoing the futuristic "Terminator" movies, the mindless left in the world still bows down to the liberal media.

So why aren't they complaining about Pres Carter who is still living not doing anything either? People that was over 30 years ago now let it go!

Read up on the dirty war, people, and the other totalitarian regimes in Central and South America, and the role Catholic priests and bishops played in HELPING people and opposing the regimes. Much to the dismay and protest of the Vatican.

Honestly, none of us American's can possibly understand what the people of Argentina suffered during the late 70s and early 80s. I am sure the church was as scared as the people were of the godless Junta that was in charge. It isn't like the church can rise up and do much against that sort of oppression and government sanctioned murder. He wasn't a cardinal or even an archbishop at that time. What really can one priest or bishop do against an entire government. He did what he could do from what I've read. I'd like to see what these people throwing stones would have done in his same position. If we want to get technical, I'm not really religious but doesn't the Bible say that man should not judge. Only God can? So, to those who are devote Catholics I don't believe they will have too much doubt in a man who by most claims has taken his vows more seriously than most.

Jesus had to endure attacks too.

This is another example of the totally inept casting aspersions on someone who probably did as much as he could but didn't do everything they think he should have.  I hope they're enjoying their holier than thou life.If you do not agree with catholics and the commandments and beliefs , mind your own sin

The accusations against Bergoglio were fanned by Horacio Verbitzky, an investigative journalist who was a leftist militant in the 1970s and is now closely aligned with the government. He has written extensively about the accusations in Argentina's Pagina12 newspaper, a left-wing daily known for advocacy journalism.Adolfo Perez Esquivel, who won the 1980 Nobel Peace Prize for documenting the junta's atrocities, said this week that "Bergoglio was no accomplice of the dictatorship."How many of these leftist would have the courage of the Pope?  None, they are rich leftest and use people to get what they want.  They do not serve anyone but themselves.  Bergoglio is a man of God and love the Argentinians and they love him.

Could this article have been more slanted against religion? Typical. Let us see what the Pope does in his role as Pope. The left are shaking in their boots. Everyone that hates rules will have a lot to complain about in the Catholic Church.  It is seldom the religious position or anything about a relationship with God that causes people to create their own god. "My god love me regardless of my choices" mantra. Many simply hate rules so they create their own god. As for the priest abuse and cover-ups - I hope this Pope cleans house.

"anti-clerical left-wing" media...So: CNN or MSNBC?Or both.Because if it had anything to do with Christianity, it'll be them trashing it...Joe

Doesn't Argentina believe in the separation of church and government?  The atrocities were more the responsibility of government and military/law enforcement. I'm so impressed with him because of his humility and down-to-earthness.  To chose to live in a one bedroom home, instesd of a mansion; and take the bus instead of the limo is exactly WJWD (what Jesus would do). He has my respect.

So he had nothing to do with it but its his fault anyway?  What he should have complained so he could be rounded up and tortured as well?  Come on people.

If you knew the fear and terror during the days of the Junta, what would you have done? You could not openly confront, you could only work behiind the scenes to mitigate their injustices. Don't condemn til you walk in another man's shoes. It's easy to criticize when you're sitting in a safe place.

The Catholic Church has always liked a good rightwing government. Italy, Spain, Portugal, Chile, Argentina...

The media smears anyone who won't support gay rights and abortion - the Church will not.

This too, shall pass.This Pope has shown forgiveness, and compassion for the poor that others would run away from..... to me thats a good indicator of his love for Jesus Christ, and his teachings!

But there is a historical reality that cannot be buried: the Argentinean generals tortured and murders at least 20-30 people during the "dirty war" of the 1970's, and some members of the Catholic clergy there actively supported them, while almost all of the others sat on their hands and said or did nothing. It was a huge blot on the Catholic Church, one that cannot simply be wished away by pretending that nothing happened. Those who were tortured and murdered were for the most their parishioners; they abandoned them to the torturers and murderers.

some like him, some don't like him - have things ever been different?

I still have faith in Francis!

Ironic that this story be reported on YAHOO!

Look to the history of the Catholic church during World War II when Mussoulini and Hitler were trying to either kill off every Christian in the world or terrorize them into de-facto recognition and "acceptance".  The determined decisions of the Catholic Church during that time show that many times the Church has been surrounded by violence and left-or-right ideas; the goal is to persevere during the hardship.  They did.  This Pope will also.

If any are to get to Heaven?? it will be those who have devoted themselves to the poor, and have given them comfort in their time of great need. This "Pope Francis" has thus far achived being devoted to the poor unconditionally like that of "Mother Thresa"

Hmmmm, wonder what would have happened if the "media" had so deeply researched Obama? Hmmmmmm.

If you present yourself as the ultimate moral authority and embodiment of Good, you are going to get these questions when you fail to confront Evil in your own home.

I see something more sinister going on  here but then  again I'm researching Operation Paperclip.I'm not a Catholic but I believe it is foolish at best (trying to be nice) to blame a church leader who lived where a murderous dictator was killing people. What in the world could he have done?  If he criticized the government, he would likely have been killed. The church in Argentina was better off with him alive.  The media should not have even picked up this story and totally ignored the one nut job  radical reporter who complained.  The story would have died.  A big problem with the media today is that they only want to report either very liberal (left wing) news or stories that create a lot of dissension just to improve readership by the clueless masses.

Left wing media,  which is basically all of the media with very few exceptions, equals the new evil empire and is slowly but surely destroying the world.

Mention has been made of the Atomic Bomb first dropped on Nagisaki and Hiroshima in August of 1945.They Do Not Know What They are Messing With!Exactly '66' years in August of 2011 a substantial earthquake hits the east coast of America sending thousands of people streaming out of office buildings from Washington DC to NY City.  This earthquake would count among its damage  "The Washington Monument" now out of service for at least 2 yrs since the event.( Dramatic footage inside the Monument on You Tube see ;  Washington Monument Earthquake.)

Before unfolding the Order of the Knights Templa my previous posts on dates and times using 33 and 66 ( and 666 which I have yet to reveal) as times to measure history previously I have shown how 1848 was the date for Ground breaking ceremony for the Washington Monument. The Washington Monument would be completed some 30 yrs later and the NY TImes report on the dedication ceremony is a political eye opener especially the speaches by such a motley crew of political representatives gathered in its shadow.Firstly, this monument in origen stems from Egypt where the worship of 'death' was the order of the day during the times of the Pharoahs.  It was used to worship the Sun demon, Ra' often as well known in Occult parlances as "Sorath."1848 + 66 yrs is 1914 WW 1.  No coincidence atall  there, which finds the propogandist H.G. Wells working for the Fabian Society of Englan coin the term "The War to End All Wars' in order to get all the youth involved.  Imagine in a time of Newpapers that Headline being blasted across the front pages the world over!  Young men from all National identities and corners left their farms and factories to be a part of 'The War to End All Wars."

This 'call to arms' muster for a charge of men to pave a path safely to the Holy lands and back was a popular action one not fomented or rallied by the Catholic Church who would get involved later.  It would take a vision by a Catholic Monk Bartholomew who had a dream that there in the Holy City of Jerusalem he beheld an arch in a doorway made from the wood of The Christ's Cross used to crucifiy Him on Golgatha.  Now, the call to arms grew tremendously when word of this relic spread.  Barons left their estates for a vow of poverty Kings and Nobleman took charge and various orders were born.Enter The Knights Templa

The media is Politically Correct, so naturally the media hates non-PCers, like the Pope.  The Catholic Church is not PC, but it is True to Its Faith, which existed 2,000 years before PC.

This all seems like a real stretch from people who have an ax to grind with religion.

the smoke has not even cleared the chimney yet.

'yawn' ....pardon my enthusiasm.........no stone will be left unturned.  niterz/

are we getting off scripture and Christianity with my research posted?  Not atall.  Observe.3.22 is as well  Luke  the 3rd Gospel and the 22nd chapter ( $$$$)  Judas Agrees to Betray Jesus. 22 Now the Festival of Unleavened Bread, called the Passover, was approaching, 2 and the chief priests and the teachers of the law wereI've worked in a Children's Home in Central America. Both the catholics and the left give trouble, but you can tell that it isn't the church itself when it is the catholics, but a few weirdos. The left is a horse of a different color. I can see how a catholic would have trouble making the leftists happy. Unless you bow to the left, they consider you sinners bound for hell. Yes, the leftists preach their own religion and have their own priest.So I'll accept this guy's story, not the leftist version, until I have specific proof otherwise.

Left wingers...damned if you do, damned if you don't.

What do you expect from a two faced press. Have you read  your article, Winfield and Warren from this article?

Already the communist, socialist, liberal, anti Catholic news media has begun its campaign of hatred, prejudice, bias, bigoted, racist  slander and lies against Roman Catholics world wide and Pope Francis just like they did against all previous popes and Roman Catholics in general !

Why are they looking for perfection from a human being? There will always be someone that doesn't approve.

Central and South America is a dangerous place.  Jews are attacking this Pope for simply being from a country that harbored germans after the great war.  Now he is attacked for not speaking out against a dictator.  What is next?

The vote for this Pope was done too fast,  it should have taken at least 5 days.  How can he be voted for when he was not favored? The Cardinals seemed to want to get this over with and back to their normal lives. This Pope does not speak English, he is not a pope for all Catholics.

I'm astounded  by the lack of compassion for our fellow human beings shown in these comments. What has caused so many strangers in the human race to hate and insult each other so much just because of a difference of opinion.?

Sad the media ignores obvious voter fraud issues; payola schemes; Benghazi; Fast &amp; Furious and corrupted Obamacare regulations in favor of attacking the Catholic Church.

Alan Ginsberg... hero of the Progressive Left..  proud member of NAMBLA!just remember, it was the Democrats who imprisoned the Japanese citizens during WW!!....

The media needs to shut up.

the left media is just mad that Obama was not elected Pope, so here come the smears

would the msm go stand in the Conner and #$%$ up

the media should go after all crooked politicians we have in this country..............

screw the commies!

why doesn't the left wing media print about the atrocious way barack hussien owebama is treating the american people........

It's too easy to take pot-shots at the guy in the hot-seat.

We all know what ethnic/religious minority group controls mass media, and we all know they hate Catholics and Christianity. So why the surprise?  The world was a better place when the Catholics were smart enough to raise Catholic children to watch out for the Hollywood crowds lies and deceptions.

When all else fails, blame and shame. Love thy neighbor is so passe.Let us see if the Pope is a true guardian of the Catholic faith or a mere politician by the way he receives abortion advocates Joe Biden et al. Stand up Pope and push back, fight for the innocent American unborn or better give the Papacy to somebody else who can.

I am not religious, but I must admit that certain religious hymns are some of the most beautiful songs I have heard.

the media HATED the Pope's agenda which we all know what it is. and they're tryin' to ruin him already. that's how the media works, they LOVE to ruin people's lives except their own. the only way they will not attack you is if you do what you're force to do what they say.

So  Horacio Verbitzky. "now closely aligned with the government" fanned these accusations.  It is well known that the government of Argentina's President Cristina Kirchner has no use for Pope Francis since he opposed gay marriage and abortion in their country.  That is why the left (including our ever so obvious media)  is out to get him, but we can see that Pope Francis is a good humble man and these lies are useless to make us see different.

OF COURSE!!  It's all the Catholic Church's fault!!!!    The inconvenient Truth, of course, is the question:  where were all the millions and millions and millions of Argentinians, who owned weapons . . . what were THEY doing to put an end to the MILITARY regime? OH!! That's right, it's the Catholic Church's fault!!   The Catholic Church should have sent its priests to military college, armed them and had them organize a military-style coup to get rid of the military government!  That's a great idea!  So . . . OF COURSE, it's the Catholic Church's for not doing so!  It certainly can NOT be the fault of millions and millions and millions of Argentinians - many of whom actually approved of the government's handling of left-wing-marxist-socialist-commies . . . for not overthrowing the MILITARY!!!

I guess they feel it strikes to close to home.  Or to closely resembles their actions in support of the #$%$ help in exterminating a competing religion.

Isn't this the way things always work out?  Let anyone be up for an election or special award and society praises this person. Then once the award has been given, the election won, or some other kind of success has been achieved, the same society begins blaming the recipient for a lot of things.  What a sad reality this is and has been for a long time.

Whats in  " The Library " ?

The left wing destroys eveything it touches.

Most people think unwittingly that they are going to go to heaven. Under what basis? Unfortunately, very few are going to make it. I know which ones will make it. Those that believe God. Believe in His Word and his plan for salvation which is: 1Corinthians 15:1-4I agree with the church.  AP, ABC, Yahoo et. al. have been hideous..... no better than gutter #$%$ reporting.

I am waiting for Gayhoo to attack the new pope because he will say being #$%$ is a sin in gods eyes.

It is what it is.  The White Smoke billowed.  However, after the previous Pope rising out of Germany and a member of the German Notzee Youth Group  to an Agentine Cardinal is ironic inasmuch as the Church helped ferret away  many wanted criminal to Argentina after WW 2.  Google  Rat Lines  in Wikipedia...an excerpt  "The origins of the first ratlines are connected to various developments in Vatican-Argentine relations before and during World War II. As early as 1942, Monsignor Luigi Maglione contacted Ambassador Llobet, inquiring as to the "willingness of the government of the Argentine Republic to apply its immigration law generously, in order to encourage at the opportune moment European Catholic immigrants to seek the necessary land and capital in our country". Afterwards, a German priest, Anton Weber, the head of the Rome-based Society of Saint Raphael, traveled to Portugal, continuing to Argentina, to lay the groundwork for future Catholic immigration, this was to be a route which fascist exiles would exploit - without the knowledge of the Catholic ChurchAccording to historian Michael Phayer, "this was the innocent origin of what would become the Vatican ratline".[

Leftist "progressives" are just anti-Christian and anti-Catholic bigots anyways.  Leftist so-called "progressives" are the most intolerant and hate-filled people I've ever met.

Why would the Obama-butt kissing media not attack the Church?  The Church and the Pope oppose everything that the 0bama administration is currently shoving down our throats.

If you're a true servant of God, open the secret files, about the #$%$ you people helped, the names of priests you knew were molesting boys, and sell your priceless possessions to help the poor!!!.

What a shame, the Pope is only a man, chosen by men. The news media has such a hold on the populace and will do whatever is necessary to smear anyone who has a shred of decency.

Do you think the "leftist media" would be bringing any of this up if they thought the new Pope would be pro-counterfeit (gay) marriage and pro-abortion?

It wouldn't matter what person the cardinals picked for pope, the ungodly are going to tear him to pieces. That is what the unrighteous do.

He is a mere M A N. He is NOT above looking at his past conduct. Unless of course one idolizes a human being.No one wants their sacred cows killed...most people are sheep, but they probably don't know any better to help it.

If I were the Vatican I'd not worry too much about the lousy #$%$ left-winged nut-jobbed extremeists and the vile and evilness within them. When you have these kooks like the kind of regime currently in the U.S. White House, then, you can expect bad things to follow for America and the world.

Why do Progressives never call out NAMBLA??????

The vile, immoral left will attack all that is good.

How about the right wing evangelicals that can't stand catholics .

I will never understand the insane hatred many people on YAHOO have for Catholics. They take a few negative reports of crimes that they have no personal experience with, ascribing the actions of a few and applying to the whole, thinking themselves clever.  They only fool each other.Catholic or not, fairness demands that each man, each priest, and even a new Pope be judged on his own merits. Most are very decent, holy men who came to their calling by the best of motives.Or is it I wonder, that the political agenda of the critics just happen to conflict with the more traditional dogma of a church.  Rather than be honest about this, it is easier and seemingly more clever to level their agenda at a differing kind of morality.No. I am not Catholic.

Stirring old pots does not give them any current meaning.  The media are often mediocre.

If you are not Catholic and don't like the Pope stop reading articles about the Pope.

It's interesting that the most strident criticism of the Pope for not being Christian enough for the critics comes from secular leftists.

Enough of this already.  People just looking for reasons and innuendos including the media.Pointless and harmful scandal that isnt there.Leave it to the Left to try to slander the Church, the Pope, Mother Teresa and anything  oranyone standing for good!  What a bunch of complete idiots!  If they knew what they were talking about instead of spewing fallacies....they'd be downright dangerous!  Anything coming from the left needs to be questioned and then ignored!

I cant understand what the "left wing media" wants. What's your problem guys. Our pope is not superman to fight the juntas singlehandedly. Did Jesus fight the Romans in his time? No.

There was never a "honeymoon" as they began the attacks within hours of his election.  The leftist media will not be satisfied until all Christians are silenced.They will continue to spew this defamation regardless of fact or truth.May God bless, protect and strengthen Pope Francis.As a non-Catholic Christian I find what the media does to be reprehensible and have no confidence in any thing they choose to report because they have no honor or integrity.  They live in dirt and spew dirt.It is impossible to utter the prayer of Christ in relationship to the media, "Forgive them Father for they know not what they do" when it is obvious and certain they do know what they are doing and their leftist, God-hating agenda is all they care about.I pray God will have mercy upon their souls when they stand before Him for judgment.I call upon all Christians, non-Catholic and Catholic to pray for this new Pope, that God will bless him, protect him and give him wisdom.

Seig Heil Catholic Church Universal Blah Blah Blah !

You can't be upset he didn't publicly condemn the brutal oligarchs that control the nation he lived in. He would never have been elected pope because he would have disappeared. Lets only talk about fact and not twist the circumstances so out of context it's not even the same story anymore.

What's with all the press confereces, is the church a political organization or a religious one. It seems confused.

In this photo.  The new Pope is just about to stumble.  Don't worry, he didn't fall.  However, if he had.  Yahoo would have kicked him while he was down.

Within a few hours after the election the world knew that this new Pope is not "progressive". Then came the attacks.

There is no such thing as coincidence.  Strike that word out of your dictionary, really.  Now watch.  ( Observe Watson , elementary)2013 suddenly the German Pope resigns.  He resigns as March of this year begins.  Do you know what happened in March where the term "Friday the 13th' derives its origen?  The ides of March?Firstly to this.  Friday March 18, 1314 ad Jaques de Molay (wikipedia him) the Grand Master of  the Knights Templa and 54 of his Knights were burned alive at the stake in France.Now, 33 degree's is the highest order of a Mason.  2013 is exactly  '33' years after Ronald Reagan won the election with skull and bonesman Bush in tow in 1980.  Reagan would be sworn in the following january of 81 but WON in 80.  What significance can this 33 year cycle have you might ask?  ( to be contd.)

athieism- the religion of the LeftChristianity is the only truth and open minded guruless religion.

"Anti-clerical left wing?" - you mean non- and/or lapsed-Catholics?  Could you be a little more specific, please.  You make it sound like anyone who criticizes this man is some kind of radical whacko.  Surely His Humbleness wants everyone to know just how saintly a life he's lived, don't you think?  Perhaps you protest too much?

Poor Argentina never thought that English Bandits would come down and rob the Oil from the Poor Argentineans but the English Bandits did use their Military Advantage to take over Argentina's Oil Rich Malvina Islands. The English Bandits stole land from Argentina just like Adolph Hitler stole land from the Polish in World War 2. Pope Francis holds that England "usurp" the Argentina's Island. I second it. As an American I'm unbiased so I think the Pope is right on this.

The new Jesuit Pope is strong in his beliefs  in the Papal role in the Church!He wants us to Pray for him and we will as if anger builds in this man who supposedly represents our Lord Jesus Christ, He will need every Prayer Possible to keep him on a straight and narrow path of God!Liberals, Atheist, and Non-Catholics words will never bother him, "However" being just a man representing the Christ is a tall obedient order, and bishops must think this Man is up to the Task...I put my Faith in The Lord and since I am not Catholic or any Religious outlet means he probably against me too!Christianity is a way of life not a Religion! Jesus himself said I am the only way to the Father and nobody gets by me unless they are reborn!

Campaign? Are you kidding? If a person reaches this level of God introspection he is way above any campaign, its just delusion. The Pope knows like Jesus knew, you can't educate a sucker.If the gays and the abortion people think for a minute that a Jesuit priest is going to bless their lifestyle or choices? They are living in a dream world. Are you kidding. If a person really thinks that any priest much less a Jesuit would buy in to a person being born gay? That con is almost up.If the abortion people think this Pope is going to make them feel good by giving them an excuse? Welcome to the land of the real. Its almost over.Campaign? A waste of energy.

People criticize the pope for not acting like an activist politician; but they don't criticize him for not acting like a church leader. John Paul II is often credited for bringing about the fall of communism - but how did he do that? By becoming a spiritual inspiration, which led later to a peaceful revolution.

Wow.  Those are serious charges.  Three blind mice.  See how they run.

Just wanted to let everyone know that I just bought the deluxe edition of "Screaming for Vengeance" by Judas Priest, and cranked that sucker up LOUD today.

Wanting to be the Pope, is like wanting to be the President, makes me want to question the sanity of both.

He paid his hotel bill and did not commit a Cardinal Sin.The devil is hard at work 24.7. Take a look around.....every city, school....city gov....county &amp; state gov people are electing homos to run their governments.  If you think they won't implement their policies due to their personal thinking your crazy.  all of us stand by and let them stick it in our faces and God's face.  He won't take it much longer. Hell and fury will rain down upon us.

He's fallible after all.

At the time of the "dirty war" the Vatican was actively pressuring Central and South American clerics to NOT intervene or even speak up, threatening them with removal if they did so.  The Vatican condemned "liberation theology" and told the cardinals and priests to stick with "spiritual issues", aka pray over the bodies and tell people they will be free in "the next life".    Look up Archbishop Romero of El Salvador, assassinated by govt forces. Central and South American clerics are famous (infamous, at the Vatican) for actually trying to help people.  Unfortunately I think those days are over for the new pope, as he has accepted the position of figurehead.

Honeymoon, Day 2, and hit a bump all in the same article. Breathtaking!What Honeymoon? Lets get serious!

I could not imagine what would happen if someone did a campaign against the Grand Mufti of Mecca. The liberals would be whining about "Islamophobia" and Islamists would be demanding death sentences for criticizing Islam.

What is it with the Church and Fascist regimes? Pius XII and Mussolini , Benedict a Hitler Youth member and now this guy has a history of snuggling up to Peronistas.

Where was the media regarding Obama's friendship with Known Communist Radicals that He Himself stated he "sought out" to be "mentored by ".  Did the media report that ? Cover any stories ?

Who couldn't predict that the leftist/dem media wouldn't do this?I knew the press was covering the pope story way too intently since they hate and despise the Catholic church more than just about anything.I knew they'd praise him for a day or two, then attack him. The leftists/press are getting way too predictable.

Count left wing liberals as friends at your own peril.

Face it people Haters will find something to hate no matter what. and there are no bigger haters then the modern media, which is against any form of organized religion,since it gives people hope and something to believe in other then the hate and filth the government controlled media vomits up.I have a big problem with any entity that wants one world government!

So a Pope with dirty background, what's new?

Well, if the catholic church comdemns everyone that talks bad about Pope Francis's past, we have something in common, I condemn the Catholic Church for covering up all the dirty Priest, Monks, Brothers, Cardinals, Arch Bishops and Bishops that raped children and scared their lives forever. case close on this satanic cult.

These people aren't religious people; they're politicians. Pure and simple.

I am not a Catholic, and as thus can only speculate oh teh Popes reasons for not being so vocal about teh evil regime in power at that time. I would be very certain had Frances spoken too loudly about what was happening, it would be reasonable that he too would have been another name that was secretly sequestered away to be executed in the middle of the night. The way he did his duties as Cardinal, was to help people under the table sort of. He got a few people from being executed, instead of not being able to help anyone. He absolutely did it the best way possible at the time.

Some who are seizing upon this oppurtunity to Catholic bash are likely found in the pro abortion and pro gay marrige circles and would be well reminded to look up their President Rossevelt meeting with Churchill and STALIN during  WW 2.  Stalin?  An American President chit chatting with a mass murderer?  Yes.Yalta stands for, in the most charitable interpretation, the West's reluctant acquiescence to Stalin's takeover of Poland and most of Eastern Europe -- or, to harsher critics, outright betrayal. Either way, Yalta set the stage for the division of the continent and the ensuing Cold War.

Before getting too out of control about modern history the Catholic Church is not responsible for the Trail of Tears where thousands of Native Americans were driven to death nor putting smallpox in sleeping blankets handed out to Native American tribes 'genocide'.  Nor the most evil human creation since the dawn of time The Atomic Bomb which was not dropped on enemy combatants rather civilian population centers in Nagisaki and Hiroshima.Nor were they involved in the The Tuskegee syphilis experiment which  was an infamous clinical study conducted between 1932 and 1972 by the U.S. Public Health Service.Nor do they have the blood of now 50 million children aborted on their hands and if you think the Crusades were wrong?  I got news for ya.

Wonder if after a while the Pope goes, "If I have to wear that white-robe outfit one more day I'm gonna scream!"  Does a Pope ever get to just go work in the garden or do something normal?

World War 1 the Bankers exactly '6' hundred years from the Persecution of the Knights Tempal the original bankers of the world funded all sides in 1914.1314 ad1914 ad.............perfectly evil no?

Have you noticed that attackers forgot about Benedict XVI and now they are focused on Pope Francis?.They don't know me.  I'm a bulldog who once has his teeth into a Jesuit/Illuminati won't let go any time soon.  lol

Is the left really saying that Pope Francis didn't do enough BUT they stand behind OBAMA and and the COVER UP BY OBAMA with the 4 PATRIOTIC AMERICANS that were ABANDONED in BENGHAZI by your EMPEROR OBAMA as he flew to NEVADA to CAMPAIGN. Then lies and says it was about a video. LIES to the families.....WOW!!!!!

The media is a Deathstar that needs to be destroyed and replaced by peaceful Jedi disciples.

Read your "King James Bible" more...... and Yahoo less, and you will have sacred knowlege from the Gospel that will guide you everyday of your life!

What?  The man who leads a criminal institution that systematically promotes the rape of children and is based in a country they were given by the facist Mussolini in exchange for support for nazism and the holocaust is corrupt?  I refuse to believe.

Who cares what the Media say. They are racing headlong into irrelevancy.

The media can not be critical of anyone, since they are the biggest liers!!!! I certainly could care less about their inputs!

With all due respect, I would like to see a copy of the Pope's cookbook. I, too, try to live a frugal life, but I am only one third his size and close to his age. What's he been eatin' that I've been missin'...???

Okay, I'm not a Catholic but this bit about priests torturing people in prison seems a bit incredible to me. Like Glenda said (below)--I'm really glad that it's not me in the spotlight.

I love how the TOLERANT LEFT  shows its bigotry and hatred!   The LEFT would save the life of a murdereress like Arias-------------------------and viciously KILL an unborn human baby!Hate and Bigotry-----------------THE Obama WayToo late!  He's the Pope.

2 Days... The left will never stop until they destroy everything holy. They think Government is the New Religion... Fools.

I admit to not knowing much about "Francis" and his activities during the Argentine revolution, but if he was not involved with protecting pedophile priests during his time as Archbishop, then he is a definite step up from his predecessor.

Well?....they are not wrong.....I didn't hear a peep from him during the brutal dictatorship.

From the French occupation of Spain in the 18th century, through the NAZI era, and up to the present day, the Catholic church has a terrible record of silence in the face of institutional evil including, of course, the church's own involvement in child abuse.

hindsight is 20/20. I am interested in what he will do for the future not what he did or didn't do 30 years ago.

Where's there's incense there's  .........

People love the drama and controversy don't they?

Of COURSE the Vatican reacts defensively -any other power that be would if there leader was being falsley accused of wrong doing, when the record is clear that this Pope was saving pepople from the Gestapo govt' on Argentina and from the Marxist militia's as well-and risking his life to do it!

Any atheists on trial for rape and murder and torture anywhere?This is the handwork of the UK, from day one of the  new pope they have been criticizing him first on Falkland island and that did not hold water. Now they want bring him into politics. Left UK they will not allow him to be pope ..as if their own candidate was righteous, idiots

I  fully expect elements of the godless media to attack any and all men (and women) of God, especially if that person is Catholic.   I also expect to see hateful comments from posters here, those who, like the media, are godless.

This should come as no surprise to anyone! The "left-wing" media i.e. NBC, CBS, ABC, MSNBC to name a few....have been making, reporting and spreading what ever they choose to with impunity! All the while doing what they can to squash free speech, with the aid of left-wing politicians under the guise of such acts as the "fairness doctrine"

If he stood by and didn't do anything as the military was getting rid of #$%$" would our leftist Media be upset ?  Of Course Not !!  I Don't give a rats #$%$ about Leftists that were silenced in another country.  Those Leftists would've been the ones who Enslaved their entire population under Communism.

The Vatican is getting its feet wet in the world of the left wing media smear campaigns. In the USA its known as the politics of persomal destruction. By denying their libelous and slanderous claims and trying to fight back the Vatican is playing into their filthy hands. The best thing to do is ignore the smear merchants. Anything else gives them fodder for their vile libel.

There is a special place in hell for people who slander religion for no purpose than vanity and ignorance.  I believe it's somewhere between the rapists and child killers.

How much will it cost to exorcise the White House in 2017?

What  ? It's not even a week yet.

Hopefully he will speak out against the demagogue, Obama.

Whenever a man of god comes forward, the liberal thrash crawls out of the sewer to attackFirst of all if you are not Catholic you cannot understand how we feel about the Holy Father....so go on and make jokes carry on like fools who just want to disrespect anything positive!! I was raised Catholic in Texas so bring it on......I have heard every disgusting things that will be said again..  ITS SORT OF LIKE YOU PEOPLE ARE OBSESSED WITH CATHOLICS....I respect everybodys beliefs, my son became a hindu 20 years ago....I don't believe the way he does however I have every respect for his belief system and have attended Temple with him.  Its like "me thinks the lady doth protest too much"   Nuff said

People seem to think that because someone is pope, he is something other than human, sorry to burst your bubble, but he puts his pants on one leg at a time.

The current level of hatred toward Christianity is shocking.

why isn't the media going after all the Mosques in this country?  Muslim law says to kill gay people, but the media wont' touch them, yet have no problem striking down the Catholic Church every chance they get.

Streaming through the akasic record looking back to a time when Europe was but barely emerging from the Dark Ages 7th,8th,9th century one finds Jerusalem a pilgrimage destination for thousands of Christians who treked to the Holy Lands in caravans of hundreds at a time from various parts of Europe. Safe was the passage during these times  when soon there came flowing back to Europe reports of attrocities being committed against the Christian Pilgrims by Islamic hordes.  Men killed many of the women and children then taken into 'cocubines' for sex slave and labor.  The few stragglers who managed to escape told of horrific stories and equally horrific attrocities against thousands of defenseless Christian Pilgrims.  A "Call to Arms went out throughout Europe beginning in France soon spreading to Germany and Spain and the Knights Crusaders were born.

Better yet - let's "kill" them with prayers.

What? Isn't media objective? Is it biased? Unbelievable! Is it bent to the left, and bent over? Incredible!

The church has always aligned itself with those in power.

God's people are always fought by Satan's people .

the media would only be happy if Odumbo were elected Pope ...If the Pope can't stand the heat then he should get out of the kitchen like like Pope Benidict did.

The leftwing media hate God.

this may be where politics began?

From the story..."Top church leaders had endorsed the junta and some priests even worked alongside torturers inside secret prisons"There  amid this activity in Agentina you will find highly placed people belonging to the church under those circumstances who will retain a certain 'plausable deniability' to any involvment.

This is what liberals do when they don't get their way.  They say defamatory things about the Pope because his has Godly values that they can't possibly understand.  They are heathens.

i thought the media likes compassion people like the Pope who helped and still help the poor. yet, they had to criticize his agenda. they are really fill with HATE.

So?Clinton shot blanks at aspirin factories and look what happened.

is he perfect.... he's a human being that became the Pope, and I, wish him the best to rid the church of the bad 1s

It's the leftist Argentines who are mostly raising this ruckus. A pope from Argentina who is capable of speaking for the poor. A pope who is the first non-European in 1300 years and a pope who is the first from the New World. There's plenty for Argentina to be proud of there but no, some of them want to roast him alive. This shows how narcissistic and destructive leftist thinking is.

This Pope has done nothing wrong.  He is a good man. Get over it and move along to the next thing you want to rip apart for no reason.   Losers.Looking at this is legitimate, why does the media not take an equal approach to the Leader of the Free World...

What honeymoon? Yahoo News started their attack pieces less than three hours after his election.

What's going on? Is media a little ticked that the new Pope is far, far from left? Is media afraid that the new Pope will not kiss Obama's butt? Good! Media needs to learn some humility. It needs to learn that the Pope and the Vatican don't give a dime on media's daily lies!

Now we see just a little bit of what most Argentinians had to deal with. They got a corrupted and dirty government whos current president dislike this Pope so much they decided to destroy this man credibility. I'm sure the pope is going to stay silent just like Jesus did when his accusers tried to make him talk and defend himself.

The leftist media: Anyone without their views regarding abortion and same-sex marriage is an automatic enemy.

Lay off the sauce Franky ! Ya nearly fell flat on your face ! LOL !

I, was, and am a Catholic yesterday, today, and tomorrow, and when I, breathe my last breath of air...... I, support all the good, and despise all the bad thats in our Catholic Church. Hopefully our new Pope can make a big diffrence?

"Top church leaders had endorsed the junta and some priests even worked alongside torturers inside secret prisons."  .......well isn't that special

LOL perhaps he believe in separation of church and state

"By NICOLE WINFIELD and MICHAEL WARREN"Exactly what reporting have these two left lemmings done on Benghazi?  On Homeland Security's purchase of 1.6 billion bullets and 2,700 armored tanks in the last 90 days?Look, Jesus could return to earth and  He'd still have critics. It's just the way this cynical world is now. Some folks just love to take shots at whoever is in the headlines

What the left is really trying to say is that Barack Hussein Obama should have been chosen as the next Pope

Why no attacks on #$%$?  Cause they'll kill ya!

I would really like to see some good lawsuits against media representatives, with many millions in judgement against them.

Where are all those screaming liberals that want the church to stay out of politics. And, on the other hand, keep politics out of the church.

We have a journey to make with this Pope so let's all sit back and enjoy the ride.

Who said the pope had no shortcomongs, and who does not. His strenghh far outweighs the shortcomongs

When pointing a finger remember always three back at you. None of us are perfect, let him get on with his job.

Had he done what we Americans take for granted and spoke out against the Junta we would never have seen him become Pope. He would have been just one of the many who Disappeared.He was elected to be Pope in a process that is two thousand years old and we were not asked to join in. It is a Religious matter and should concern only the followers of the Church of Rome. Those of us who do not belong should butt out because our 'Protest' mean nothing to the Cardinals who elected him.

Could Catholics not have picked someone who doesn't have a questionable past? Do they have Cardinals who are free of such things?Pope's are de facto dictators so Broglio dot needed training in his days working with the dictatorship. I jest; but let me state clearly: You don't spend long hours and years in the company of senior generals of a dictatorship without their trust, without their acceptance. He was one of their class, one of their supporters.

These popes are always into something.  Pope Pius directly helped the #$%$ escape down Brenner Pass and to safe houses, where the boarded ships for South America - mainly Paraguay where Mengele died and Argentina where the Israelis got Adolph Eichmann. In return, they bought disinterest from the #$%$ toward the Catholic Church. Benedict hid, paid off and switched around pedophile priests and now they are intimating that this guy kept his mouth shut when he should have helped against the Argentine Junta? None of this surprises me. The only one worth a plugged nickel was John Paul, who fought in the Polish resistance against the #$%$.

Christianity is this: forgiveness, kindness, acceptance of the temporariness of our time here on this planet, passion for those who are in need, and the Christian obligation of helping those in need, How can you demean that?This man appears to be good. He did not get to where he is by not being as such.

I have yet to hear the leader of the leftist world congratulate me and 75,000,000 other Catholics in the U.S. if it was a new ayatollah elected I'm sure Obama would have had to have a press conference to congratulate. His silence speaks volumes.

They didn't say anything about Obama's past but when it comes to a religeous man that is different.

The real headline is, "A Few Leftists Who Are in Cahoots with the Leftist Argentine Government that already Doesn't Like Bergoglio Are Bashing Him with Flimsy Evidence (As Usual)."

The media destroys everything....Good thing their job is to protect the People!

Adolfo Perez Esquivel, who won the 1980 Nobel Peace Prize for documenting the junta's atrocities, said this week that "Bergoglio was no accomplice of the dictatorship."

it's always.."hey, don't point things out to people..."

The media is out to destroy everthing and everyone. I think they enjoy it.What of Pius XII and the #$%$???

Vatican RATLINE?  Argentina was, is and still the center for all the germs who were brought out of germ land by McCloy, the CIA and MI5,6. germ land is evil, argentina is infected, and germs are evil.

How about lashing out at all their hundreds if not thousands of pedophile priests!

What a mess already.  This Pope is frail and now this.

This is nothing more than the Saul Alenski strategy of trying to destroy the messenger and discredit the message.  Social progressives don't like the Pope's or the church's message.  This is evidence to me that the Cardinals chose the right man to lead the Church.

Liberals they slaughter over million unborn every year and then have the audacity to attack this new pope over nonsense

I wish the Communists and Socialists would shut the heck up.  Goes to show you how anti-Christ they all are

How can you accept Pope Francis for what he is, when for 2000 years, every Popewas accused of something!  My God, even JESUS was accused and put to death!There sure is NO-ONE in this world that can please everyone.  No wonder this Pope,in the first 5 minutes of his Papacy, asked the people to help and pray for him!!!

Don't give them left wing and liberals satisfaction -

When the media pretended to care about the Pope, most readers should have been cautious. The mainstream media is a agent of finance capital. These shills only promote those who promote their financial interests. The media only cares about setting up a Pope just to knock him down. They are just agents of finance capital...interesting.  pope butcher

What is so hypocritical is the left-wing marxist-socialist-commies only want the Church to get involved in politics when it suits their agenda.  Like Nancy Pelosi, who insists the Catholic Bishops mind their own business until she wanted them to speak favorably of her ideology on political issues.  THE FACT is that the left-wing-marxist-socialist-commie government that itself came to power down there despised the Catholic Church because it spoke out against their vile agenda, including contraception, abortion and same-sex marriage.  So now the left-wing-marxist-socialist-commies are at it again.  No surprise there.  Their hypocrisy is staggering.  You can, and will, go to to h-e-double-hockey-sticks, left-wing-marxist-socialist-commies.  And your stupid anti-Catholic bigotry only serves to increase the Faith of those who know the Truth.  Thank you very much for helping make it so clear how evil and vile you are.  Thank you for making it crystal clear what vile enemies you are!!!  You do us of Faith a huge favor!! THANK YOU!!

Francis the talking Pope

The left - and that scrum certainly includes the media - despises religion....unless it's Mohaddenism, of course.Cause du jour for the simple minded sheep.

So, the Vatican doesnt like that some folks are pointing out that a priest of theirs may not have the convictions of their beliefs, but that all changes when the same priest puts on the tall hat..  go figure! (and I seem to remember hearing the same type of stories about the Vatican and Hitler...)In the political arena, dont we call that spin?

Truth seeker = Heretic

The media attacking any form of Christianity can't be a surprise to anyone.  They have been doing it for decades

Wow, some liberal media are only happy if you get yourself killed so you can be called a "hero" But Not one of them would do the same.

so the Pope distanced himself from people colluding with communist militants who advocated violent armed revolution...and the problem is?

So much for "turn the other cheek".Liberal poof religion haters, there are such things, condemn with help of lib media dressed in tutu's, and voila!

Politics is everywhere. Believe it or not, even the Church is plagued.

Catholicism....what a joke.

Cut the Pope some slack. Let him say a few Hail Marys before getting on his back.

Aside from being an obvious left activist, who exactly is this clown "Chillier?"

What did anyone expect from the left....they took GOD out of the DNC Convention remember??? Kinda of funny though that they will follow EMPEROR OBAMA right to the slaughter house.

A humble man, a man of the earth.Amazing how our new found ability to communicate anonymously and to so many and with so little effort allows for condemnation so easily. Much less so many of the masses following like mice behind the pied piper believing what is thrown at them without even beginning to question the validity and values of what they hear. Somebody said it so it must be true.My belief is that his is a man that can fill the shoes of John Paul.and I'm not even Catholic...

Let Pope Francis speak for himself rather than having the vatican spin-doctors messing with everything.  The pope seems to be doing a pretty good job of making himself known as it is.  Maybe those old fusty dusty bishops and cardinals who are used to controlling what a pontiff has to say, or thinks, or whatever need to find a new job.

communism and socialism are anti religion , and have tried to destroy them.. so what is so atrocious about some who is trying to destroy you....i think that all social and communist media should be destroyed....yahoo included........

If you are not a Muslim, the left including the media, feel free to sully your nameThe Catholic church has always supported dictators.   They supported Mussolini and they also made a concordat with Adolph Hitler and his Third Reich.  The concordat instructed all clergy in Germany to swear a personal oath to the Third Reich and no clergy was in any  way to become involved in anything politcal against the Reich.   The Pope at the time blessed Hitler for his work against Communists.  The Catholic church also backed Pinochet in Chile and many other dictators including Marcus of the Philippines.  That this Pope backed the military dictatorship in Argentina is no surprise.

The so called "honeymoon" will last until the bottom feeders in the media realize that Francis is Catholic and will promote Catholic teachings like every other pope has done.  They learned their lesson with John Paul II--NEVER EVER allow ANYTHING Catholic to be perceived in a positive way that brings hope and meaning to peoples' lives.  As soon as it becomes clear that Francis champions, among other things, the sacredness of human life, marriage and family, the media will turn on him like rabid dogs.

Just goes to show that if Jesus came back today, the Commies and Libs would still hate him and accuse him. These are Satans angels and they always will be, nothing changes.

No man can be humble who thinks he is head of the church, supplanting Jesus, the true head. Absolute monarch on earth, answerable to no temporal power, holding the highest administrative office in existence, managing the largest non-governmental operation in the world and ruling over the wealthiest and most prosperous global institution on earth. His power is absolutely unlimited save by divine law, and only death or his own will can remove him from office.

I don't know much about this Pope's background but I do know that anti god liberals will attack like the mad dogs that they are no matter who is the Pope.  If you want to make your case against this man then present facts, not personal attacks.

Progressive liberals believe the state is God ...

Blame dirtbag secularists...

I'm not Catholic, but I love the folks who want to throw stones.  I have been in the thirtdf world and seen how they blow up buildings, people and anything and saw some of the jails.  Before you start talking about what others should or should have done, you damn sure ought to have been out there and done the protesting yourself.

YEAH  Friday the 13th 'beware' comes from 1314 in March when the burnt the Crusaders alive at the stake for King Philip le bel 'coveted thier booty'  ( GOLD)See;  Shakespear The Twelth Knight.."ding #$%$ merrily i hear him ring his 'bell.'

Pope Francis is a Jesuit. They don't mess around with delusions.The gays know the con is almost up.The abortion crowd? Its almost over.Even if Jesus himself becomes a Pope, left-wing media will "find" something.

So, he kept his mouth shut, empathized and prayed for the murdered and beaten and improsoned, and stayed alive himself. Very smart. Now, whether he's the moral pillar to lead a very corrupted See? No, he'll fit right in and give the poor their token.

"ridiculous fairy tales about a 'God' " - it could just as easily be rephrased as "ridiculous fairy tales about a world with no God." That is the fallacy of the atheistic POV. There is no objective "proof" one way or the other, so to claim that there is positively no God is foolish. And yes the organized militant atheist movements of today and of recent history have recognized founders and leaders.

when you speak the truth about abortion being murder and gay marriage being a perversion against nature, you are often the target of those who will attempt to smear your reputation in their attempt to justify their views as correct and your views as misguided and prejudicial...the Catholic Church is often the target !!

Why is the Vatican reacting to anything political or governmental?  The Catholic Church has lost its way, and it doesn't know how to get back on the path to God because it has become so bogged down in rhetoric and politics.

I agree with the new Pope; that you had to be silent (not hat it was said by him publicly) in a situation that you could be murdered by the government for your opinion on how people were treated.  It would not make sense to throw yourself on the "sword".  It is better to come back and fight another day; when you have the opportunity to make a difference.I thing many great leaders have had to use tactical and strategic plans in how to deal with very bad situations.  Many time; it is best to stay in the background; before making a push that will solve the situation.

And so it begins, the socialist attack on its hated enemy, the church. Catholics now, maybe Lutherans next. If we allow the bastions of Christianity to fall, eventually there will be no one to stand with you when they come for you. By then, there won't be anyone who reallly cares, just the muslims and the marxists.It really won't matter, Satan will already have won when these two square off to see who is the greater evil of two.

I sorry that I won't live long enough for the end of those phony religious morons! They will hang on like most vermin! Knowing full well that they are fakes!

Depict, Deceive, twisting, turning, through the never

Jealous pope wannabees ?Sounds like Pope Pius XII all over again!

There are many who defame anything to do with the Catholic Church ... anything they can do to tear it down.

just keep praying for all priests and especially the Pope .  they are all under attack , the same as Jesus was

The vatican does not want anyone vocalizing about their digusting behaviour. They demand total control

Yep we know all the tools from the Vatican are just that tools for their own power...

God bless you, pope francis and bless all the people thatcriticize him. You are our pope and we love you.

Opulence and taking the vow of poverty are mutually exclusive. Helping the poor with monies taken from the poor is taking grand theft and coverup to another level. Even a hard-nosed conservative republican catholic should not have a hard time understanding that. If they do, they are in a troll mode denial while playing in the world of reality turned inside out!!!Just look at the super high end furnishings in the picture. If I were the pope who took a bus to prove a point of poverty and i sat in that chair I'd KNOW I was a walking contradiction and I'd have to fess up to it!!! And i'm not even a pope! I'm the poor who sees the contradiction. These people are like your American institutions who took bailout monies from the taxpayers and invested it. That is why the american stock market is doing  so well now. All that bailout money went into the stock market, just as the money from the poor ended up in the Vatican coffers. They ARE a corporation run by the lying Italian chameleon mafiosa...........and if you can't see that you are absolutely brainwashed to believe a lie is the truth!  What a sorry state the world is in when a religion can get its wealth from the poor and then claim to be helping the poor, then claim to be anti-socialism. That is socialism to distribute money to the poor, but, where did that money come from in the first place!? Answer me that! I'm in no mood to play games with trolls here. Or with misguided brainwashed and conditioned catholics who defend the vices of their church while thinking they will be saved if they do a good job of defending what they call the truth. Peace, out..........

Why should this pope be punished when another  pope and catholic priests stood silently while #$%$ tortured and  murdered millions of jews during WWII.  Let's not forget how members of the clergy from this same church helped #$%$ to escape europe after WWII and some to of all places, Argentina.

About this Ghost Ship from England which landed on America's shores in 1832. Skull and Bones set up their secret society at Yale. And under their bones and skull insignia is the mysterious number 322. "MARCH 22.....research that date every year in history the past 100.!It is not so occult that this bulldog can't decipher ( L)322  now reverse the numbers and place them under the original233 now muliply them by themselves verticallyx2x3x3= 666

The #$%$ from the left are crying because the military in Argentina "EXTERMINATED" the  subversive PIGS!Fact is the vatican has alot to answer for historically in regards to military juntas in South &amp; Central America plus Franco in Spain, Dr. Salasar in Portucal, Mussollini, Hitler, and pretty much any right wing dictatorship.  Liberal movements have always had elements of women's rights and land distribution, 2 things the vatican can not abide.  If you look in the past at the crusades, the inquisitions, the auto de fe's, the tortures, the burning of witches, the burning of heritics, the burning of books, killing Copernicus, threating Gallilao, the catholic church has been no friend of the human race.

To bad the press didn't go up OweBummer's butt this far

It's interesting that the Traditionalist catholics hate him for being humble, and the argie liberal press hate him for something that happened almost 40 years ago.it's stated in the press, "The Jesuit leader persuaded the family priest of feared dictator Jorge Videla to call in sick so Bergoglio could say Mass instead and take the opportunity to successfully appeal for their release" 4 months after their capture. this is a fact they wish to Ignore.

Will somebody explain the purpose of the media creating and fanning this controversy? What does the media propose to accomplish--what is its objective? I just don't get it.

Since i am not Catholic, i could not care less who the Pope is or what his views are.

"Be not of this world".... by... our lord, and savior

The facists left wing wanted a puppet for pope, I doubt Francis will be their puppet.

Do you want to tell a dictator in his country that he can't do what he wants? Do you have a death wish or are you just another gutless fairy?

Why in the Hell would they choose someone to be pope who was mixed up with an Argentinian dictator? Was he the best they could do?

This Pope takes orders from the Black Pope Very Rev. Adolfo Nicols Pachn.  The Black Pope Superior of Jesuits Pachon gives orders to the White Pope Francis.  Pope Francis is also a junior Jesuit who is Italian and born to Roman Italians in Argentina.  A conclave did not choose the pope the Rev Pachon actually choose Francis as the pope.I just hope that Juntas don't move into my city. We got enough riff raff here as it is.

So, Yahoo, leftist leaders in Argentina are bad but leftist leaders in Venezuela are good?

Why would they pick a pope that has any kind of dark past at this time?

Liberals have to make everything about them. Nothing can happen without them offering commentary that is almost never asked for.

Well, at least he's not a N - A - Z - I like the last one was.

really??? O.K. how bout the left explaining why it is silent on the treatment of gays, women, Christians, little boys and girls under Islam!!!    WELL donkeys????

Nice to see they still can't tolerate criticism or free speech.

How about criticizing all the abusers and clean that RC mess up.

The Pope is a Politician elected by men not God and the Catholic church was founded by the Roman Emperor Constantine..............Not Jesus Christ.

The Vatican needs to learn the ropes. If they want to squash all this criticism they have to respond to all of their critics "Why are you being anti Semitic? Why do you hate us?"They told him they would kill him if he said one word against the regime. What's your point?

No comment is probably the best comment.

They were rigging the ballot box for Obama until they got caught!

This is nothing new. Communists have always hated the Church. Especially after Pope John-Paul II helped free 500,000,000 Eastern Europeans from communist slavery.

It looks like celibate priests enjoy a very brief honeymoon indeed.

If recent history has taught us anything, it should be that priests, cardinals, popes, etc., are human beings and thus imperfect. They unfortunately, suffer the same temptations and mental judgments as any other man. That being said, why is it necessary to have a mouthpiece to god? Doesn't he hear all voices??

Don't tase me bro ______

Oh the Symbolism..............

80% of the press and college professors are Leftard.  Majority are secular humanists that see no reason for Religion of any sort.  Wayward souls easily demon led.

Hitler was a catholic. Where was the church during the Holocaust? And after the church smuggled out #$%$ to Argentina. Connect the dots.IF this wa a liberal Democrat in the US it would quickly labeled as "old news." But it's a Catholic cleric so any slander is permissible.

I love how everyone jumps on the "Catholic Church harbors pedophiles bandwagon," ignoring the fact that sexual abuse is covered up in nearly every field of work (education, for example). I'm sure there are plenty of Baptists abusing children and getting away with it. That doesn't make it right, by any means. But it is a bit short-sighted, no?

What? The media doesn't like Christians, or at least practicing Christians? Really? Wouldn't it be wonderful if our media gave conservatives and Christians the same love fest reporting that it gives Obama, democrats, and issues its trying to shove down our throats like "gay marriage." NO REAL MEDIA in this country, folks. It's yellow journalism now.

Yahoo and the rest of the leftist press are at it again: wound your opponent early and deeply so that person can never be seen as honest, competent, etc. The logic of this article is that since the Vatican chose to respond to such a spurious accusation only serves to prove that the accusation is true. Our "progressive" media has taken its cues from the communists. Again, our "news" analysts do their best to destroy religion and hold religious organizations to standards they could never meet themselves.

The Vatican did not speak out against Germany in World War II and they knew they were killing Jews and the Catholic Church supported the #$%$ in getting Gold into Switzerland.

I think this is just the liberal media being upset that Obama was not named Pope.

Leftist media did nothing to stop leftists!  They never do!  Hitler, Mao, Stalin, Ho Chi Minh ... The left were doormats ... then the left criticizes those that tried ... The left has slaughtered much much more ...

(contd)  As previously indicated 1980 when Reagan and Bush won marks a first in US History. Why? When Reagan was sworn in he would become the 'first' President to ever Face the Washington Monument while being sworn into office.Dates.............don't forget to do the math dangit! lol1848 ground breaking for the Obelisk the Wash Monument begins ( a masonic event)+ 66 years______1914 World War 1+ 66 yrs  Ronald Reagan wins the election.  "Hello" lol1980+ 33 degree's  umm I mean yrs is?______2013 Pope suddenly resigns.

The Vatican old boys are still wearing skirts, still encouraging their parishioners to ridicule their gay brothers adeptly raising straight men's orphaned &amp; abandoned children.  What a crock!  What a load of crapola!  Women like Madam Curie and Mary Baker Eddy have worked miracles while these hypocrites are still dragging their #$%$

Let me get this straight: you guys want the Holy Father to take responsibility for neglects that occurred 15 years before he became archbishop, as if a local bishop were presumed to have complete real-time knowledge of all these secret crimes countrywide? Even though the researchers who have examined the period with benefit of hindsight have declared him not culpable, and even though he has already answered a call to testify on the matter, and even though no one has yet advanced any evidence or accusation that he ever did anything wrong? Would you hold yourselves to that standard? I doubt it. You're just blaming him because you're dissatisfied with the period, and maybe because you have an animus toward him or toward the church. You're not being remotely fair.He did not ask to be Pope, but when choosen he obeyed.Pray for him.

Left is the #$%$ Mundi.

When Liberals mount an organized attack against you,you know you're on the right track.

like hillary says, "they are dead already, what difference does it make?"

History proves that Argentina was a hideout for #$%$!

If they have to reach back in terms of decades to dredge up some kind of "dirt" on this guy, it only smacks of desperation.

This was started by Obama's boy Axelrod!!!!!!

We've already seen more criticism from the Left of the pope than of Hugo Chavez.

damn, give it up. I'm not religious anything, but I do know this. Christianity is the the only thing on this Earth that is professing peace and goodwill for all peoples to one and another. That is good enough for me.

The catholic church considers everyone's sexual lives to be their business, the funny thing is, when it comes to theirs, it's none of yours.Please let's get on with life. The past is past. The news media always loves to hang people, especially someone like a new Pope? A Catholic? Wow news media stuff, what a blast.

anti-clerical left wing media?ok the pope may belong to right wing supporters of murderous military regime and dictatorship that killed thousands of innocents including children, why should we keep quiet?

Stop digging up old dirt and give the man a chance. It s not easy to live under a dictatorship and try to make changes. He's supposed to apologize for something he had no control over. Time will tell, he's a good man.

When good men do not confront evil directly, evil flourishes.  The new Pope has clay feet, like the rest of the reds there.

It is the mainstream media lashing out at the pope and the Catholic church because the pope does not support abortions, contraceptives, or gay marriage. The church has always been like this. Why would they change just because the Liberal media wants it? I wish some of the media could learn some humility. They could use it big time. And I wish the media did something to actually help the poor and not just run their mouths.

funny everyone here cares so much what the pope did in argentina during the dirty war. let's get it straight, it wasn't he who installed dictators around latin america during that time. That was operation condor with the jew henry kissenger leading the way. Blame him.

As I said before, get rid of the Vatican. They are a waste of time and does nothing for people. Use the space for a homeless shelter which will do more to help people. The only down side is Italy will lose a lot of its tourism.

You can never please everyone, No matter how hard you try, and in today's social media world there will always be those who live to cause havoc !! And yes, left wing media types were waiting to throw mud at virtually anyone elected as Our new Pope. It's sad, but is simply the world we live in.

Rome tortured and killed Palestinian Jesus because he threatened the Temple, insulted the High Priest, and upset the Moneychangers. Two thousand years later Rome tortured and killed Argentinean Jesus because he threatened the Cathedral, insulted the Pope, and upset the Vatican Bank. The Bergoglios of this world where in the Sanhedrin then, and they are in the College of Cardinals now. Infants, idiots, and idolaters fail or refuse to see that when Jesus returns he will find that is his name evil is bigger, badder, and busier than ever.

Steal from the poor, give back some of it to them in the form of charities, keep the rest and voila, you have either a Mercedes, a BMW or a Rolls-Royce in every Cardinals garage.....PLUS, the best food, furnishings and homes and bank accounts that ANY mafiosa would covet!"Hey, we Italianos, what you spect?"The godless left insists that the church take political positions that benefit the left. It is not a political but a religious organization and takes positions accordingly.

Just a few days ago, this dude was just another old man wearing a robe.  A few other old men wearing robes got together and elected him as Pope, and now the masses and the media idolize him as some sort of god?   And people have the nerve to wonder why us nonbelievers question organized religion????

Someone please tell these AP nut-jobs to do something unnatural - like responsible journalism. Just go back to reporting on president dim-bulb.

...............The Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi noted that Argentine courts had never accused Bergoglio of any crime, that he had denied all accusations against him and that on the contrary "there have been many declarations demonstrating how much Bergoglio did to protect many persons at the time."..........................................Hitler's Pope, Eugenio Pacelli (better known as Pope Pius XII) collaborated with the #$%$ before and during World War II. Of course, the Roman Catholic Church always denied these charges...however, all that changed when Cambridge University Historian, John Cornwell was given access to the secret Vatican archives and to his horror, he found document after document that proved Vatican and Nazi collusion was true.The man who became Pope in 1939, Eugenio Pacelli, proved to be more concerned with centralizing church authority then with the murder of millions of Jews............................Seems to have a familiar ring.................

The media is hideous always, but there is a question being asked here that is valid, did he or did he not cause human rights violations during that time, and if there was i believe he should pay for his crimes, or will he get away with it just like they tried to do with the child molestation cases? in the end he will be judged by God anyway so im happy for that and he will pay for what he did, if its true.I see allot of people on here saying just leave him alone, so i guess you guys are willing to look the other way ?....if these allegations are true can you live with that ?

I'm willing to give this guy a chance.  Hopefully he'll find higher priorities than the "evils" of contraception.

Don't get God anymore Ps'd off than he already is.  Leave his Pope alone and go about your business.   AMEN.......

The left-wing fascists wont be happy until there is no resistance against their beliefs.

It happened in the time of hitler rise to power when the Vatican secretly had contact with him during the extermination of the jews.Many of our brothers and sister from the Catholic Church are not aware of that history, millions were murdered.  sad.

It doesn't really matter which pedophile protector this church elects. It is a dying church, and hopefully the rest of the religious cults will soon after.the vatican never likes the truth - thats the inherent hypocrisy of the catholic pedophiles

Someone paid Karl Rove again.

Whats new???  A Pope that failed to confront Argentine murdering junta and government, a Pope that failed to confront Nazi genocide, a Pope that failed to confront Italian facism, or, all Popes that failed to confront raping priests.  Seems this Pope fits right in will all Popes in failing to confront evil and aiding and abetting in the criminal cover ups.

Liberals hate ever religion, especially the Roman Catholics becasue they have the audacity to follow the bible and distinguish right from wrong.  By attacking them, they feel they can do any perversion they want without that annoying "bible crowd" pointing out their sin.

The catholic cult.What a disgrace!!!

All hail the new king of the child molesters.

The first jesuit pope.......and i guess no one finds that strange ?

Vatican defends Pope.  What what?

Hindsight is always 20-20!

Whoever is the Writer of this article, needs to educated own self about Vatican, such a Idiotic writer still exist in Roma?let's forget history and pray dat God will give him power and knowlegde to lead the world as God willed.

Hey Yahoo and other calculated leftist and atheist pigs ..... in your own story the Nobel Lauret for Peace Aldofo Perez who headed the investigation of the Junta's exonhorated him and made testament that the Catholic Priests clandestinely helped the people .... but Yahoo and AP will put more stock in a leftist, "social justice" group headed by this Mr Chiller ...... Hey Yahoo, AP and other lefitst liberals: You are underestimating US that we are going to tolerate your organizations much longer WE THE PEOPLE are fed up with your ugly, hateful agenda

Who ever said the Catholic church was non-profit!

Q. Who most despises the Catholic religion, Catholic people, and the Holy Father especially?A.  Those whose darkened psychotic minds are devoid of understanding.

i wonder what other skeletons in his closet lie ahead to uncover?

His record pales next to John Paul II who fought the #$%$ and then the Communists.  The Vatican blames left wing anti church types for the attacks in Argentina for bringing out the new Pope's lack of action during the junta murders.  That much is true, he did nothing.  What is in question was if he helped the junta (which is widely taken as fact in the country) in any way.  Some believe he was responsible for efforts to enforce the status quo and to keep the people from rising up against the junta.  Given all of this he selection was an overall poor choice, one given to just how bad the church is run and how much the conservative elements in Rome wants a Pope who will create PR but not do anything liberal.  The church continues to fall off to the far right, and away from the lay people.

the pope is just a man, he can not get anyone to heavenJesus said I am the way, the truth, and the life: No man cometh unto the father, but by me.

It doesn't matter who wears the funny hat.  He is still going to say that gay people do not deserve the same rights as everybody else.  He is still going to tell people in Africa that condoms are evil condeming them to death, and he is still going to tell women that they should not use birth control and if they do get pregnant they should be forced to give birth.  Different pope same 15th century thinking.

Geez, the stinkin' media, just like how the last guy was a Nazi !

If we promise to stop dissing her, will the media stop gagging us with stories about her?if the shoe fits wear it

Don't let them fold up history on you people, I have researched this.  Wikipedia is posting a bold face lie about the date of the Persecution of Jaques de Molay the Grand Master of the Kngihts Templa who was burned alive at the stake in 1314 ad (SIX hundred yrs before ww1 1914)Best answers on Yahoo bears this out on the origen of Friday the 13th  as follows  :"Friday the 13th is said to originally have been the day that the pope had the Knights of Templar killed for sins against the church. It's said that the Knights where hiding a great secret that the church did not want released. So the pope sent out a decree that all Templars were to be executed on Friday the 13th. Millions of Knights were murdered that day, but legend says that a few escaped and still hold the secret to which they dedicate their lives to. Really I think everyone should read the Templar books, they are very good, even though everyone is allowed their own opinion, it's still a very good read and makes you think of things you never though about before.

Hey is not that the same anti-Christin  Libral median in Rome that accused the pope Benedict of being a former Nazi Soldure when he was first chosen??

We're off to see the Wizard, the terrible Wizard of Oz.. we wonder about all the terrible things he does.

This is a religious leader not a political candidate.  If they don't like him, simple, don't go to church and chances are, they don't

Wow!, 76 years old, one lung, poor, and, all of a sudden the best candidate to represent the spirit of God on Earth, oh man!,  Let the Day begin.

We need some Crusaders and leaders like Vlad Dracul to defeat the moslem invaders!

The history of the church is one of Papal states, papal armies, papal wars then Divine Right Kings who were beholden to the POPE...POWER, MONeY, EVIL, PERSECUTION....then after the rule of Kings, came the rules of dictators...fascist dictators and the priests were mutual supporters....mutual survival and enrichment. We had the Nazi collaborative pope Pius, The Nazi Pope who retired, and now the latest who let his flock suffer under oppression. All for the survival of "holy Mother , The Church"...you source of status and wealth.

the Vatican lashing out at what it called a defamatory and "anti-clerical left-wing" media campaignThe exact same words they used early in the pedophile scandal when the church was attempting to cover it up by saying it never ocured.   The church needs to take responsibility for the actions of its priests, bishops and cardinals.

I'm not Catholic, any religion for that matter, but this man has my full support.First and foremost I'm Catholic that said I  understand that priest are humans and in   Bergolio's case  he should have done more for his fellow Priest, also in Argentina even today Priest are very much involved in politics and I do not see that as necessarily  a good thing. Sadly the two Priest mentioned in the article were not the only Priest arrested during the Junta years and many of the others were  never seen again, but that's the past and really nothing can be done about it now other than to pray for their souls.But the Junta didn't just arrest Priest, they also separated babies from their mothers at birth and never returned them to their mothers and Bergolio has seemed very passive about this atrocity also.My fear is that he has been chosen as the Pope because with all the allegation of wrong doing at the Vatican the Cardinal believe he won't be one to get involved and try to put an end to it, in other words that he'll remain passive.Like I said before I'm Catholic and I'll continue to try and live my life as close as to what Christ expects of me regardless of who occupies the Pope's chair, but that's just me.may God Bless all of us especially Bergolio.

Come on people time to grow up and move on, Who in their right mind would confront a government who was killing people for little or nothing. Get real!

Dang, for supposed Christians most of you spew all kinds of garbage, and you're foul mouthed and then sound so proud of yourselves. Jesus must be so proud of creeps like you.

suspicious

Left is vicous and will not stop when they do not get their way- no turd for pope this time turds- thank God.

stop the jokes Vatican!did you ever admit guilt that your priests were molesting innocent children in churches?did you ever pray for those innocent souls?

A church that covers up child abuse wants to tell us how we should morally live our life?    Ha ha ha ha.  I just #$%$ my pants laughing.

the Catholics are leaving the Catholic Church by the millions....because they are fed up of the lies, the hypocrisy and the degenerate clergy. The only reason they picked a Latin for pope is because those are the only countries where they still have some followers and they are trying to hang on to what they can. The church has always taken money from the poor and the illiterate to survive.

we have a left wing group of muslims here that live in the White House.

Seems like these Catholic leaders like the idea of people not being allowed free willThe Vatican is not lashing out at all. They are simply responding to the incessant drama and nonsense that the ever negative press is creating.

Our family we love our Pope and believe he has chosen by God. If you are not agree with us, it is OK, but you must educated yourself and try to read some more to get the truth. NO MORE BULLIES.

Well, as I stated before, unless you were in his shoes and confronted a bloody dictator, or risked your life to save others', you better keep your opinion to yourself and shut the hell up.That being said, altough I disagree with his posture towards women and contraceptives, I think this new Pope is a HUGE improvement, and does give the Catholic church more hopes to renovation. He has been well liked and received by the average Catholic (myself included), he seems to be an actual human being, and very humble.

The Vatican has helped the Nazi criminals stay in power and after they lost the war, they helped them escape to South America .

If the Vatican had its way they would execute anyone that questioned their authority.

The Vatican should have never responded to the left wing liberals of the world. By doing so you give them credence where it is ne'er deserved.

I'm not even catholic... but this is ridiculous. From what I can see the pope did nothing wrong. Leave the guy alone... this was a great selection. He appears to be a very very good man. I guess people cant stand that, for once the catholic church got it right. I really admire this guy.

Ok pope. It's your job to stop child rape in your church. If you can't, you are either not powerful enough or you don't want to.

The Vatican can't deal with facts and the truth.

Maybe they could just throw the dissenting clergy out of airplanes.  Worked for the Argentinian dissenters.He couldn't be more out of touch with reality, nor could the Church.  One look at this guy and you see just another old man in a dress.  It's obvious the Cardinals are only looking for someone they can manipulate, not a real leader.

If you believe everything in the media, you believe in mediocre.

If you want to do good take off your pointy white hats the robes DONT LOOK IMPORTANT sell the 2000 cardinal  limousines fire the drivers. then get out there  feed the poor  clean their houses that cannot for themselves teach them how to fish bring food to the poor then we might just consider you follow The jesus  oh yes pour your own coffee

It didn't take but a very few hours to begin the Marxist/Socialist campaign to smear this PopeSatan must be worried about this one big time.

Protestants left England to GET AWAY from Catholics and their repression. Guess what? The FOLLOWED us and now you are reading stories about a guy who wears red shoes. A new pope will not make up for the Spanish Inquisition.

Screw Greek tragedies. This s*it is awesome!

Gosh, this story sure has a lot of negative things to say about the new pope. I wonder why the news media didn't scrutinize Obama more with respect to his sealed grades, birth certificate, and other items, his involvement with Weatherman and murderer Bill Ayers, the racist Rev Wright, his oversight of ACORN in Chicago as a community organizer, @ Columbia Univ where Obama was a student, the classmates had a reunion. Not one of them had ever met or known Obama. Conclusion: he never attended classes (this was before the internet). And liberals voted again, for this failure.

last pope was a hitler youth, this one was a coward no wonder the catholic church is losing ground to the muslims

The Catholic religion is full of contradictions, it idolizes and honors Mary, yet denies women the priesthood and freedom of choice; defines marriage as between man &amp; woman yet states priests are married to God; condemns Gays yet allow priests to be Gay; preach against worshipping false idols, yet treat the Pope as an idol by kissing his ring and feet and considers adultry and unmarried sex as a sin, yet covers up raping of children by priests.  A religion of hyprocrisy.

You put yourself on the world stage of public opinion, expect old skeletons in closets to be rattled and dragged out.  IF what is being said IS THE TRUTH, he is not entitled to be shielded from it just because he is the Pope.Benedict was a member of the Hitler Youth, fact and truth, that was brought out about him.Ahh good ol' Christianity, keeping humanity in the dark ages since the dark ages

The Vatican is wrong!  Nobody is above questioning and in this case the silence was wrong! If Church leaders are not going to support right and speak against wrong what good are they?

So MICHAEL WARREN of the AP writes a huge inflammatory hit story on the Pope, with more speculation than hard fact to support his conclusions. The Vatican defends itself by calling it exactly what it is. MICHAEL WARREN then writes "The harsh denunciation was typical of a Vatican that often reacts defensively when it feels under attack, even though its response served to give the story legs for another day." THE STORY? It's his frickin Story... So because the Vatican defended itself in responce the Michael Warrens B.S. and quite obvious hit peice; this gives his B.S. story some kind of credibility? It's like being some kind of sociopath is a requirement to work for the AP.

Jesus was a leftist (Acts 4:32-35), that's all that matters.

Progressives are on a roll.Nothing is too politically correct for them.Argentine junta? No problem.Abortions at 8 months no problem.Capital punishment...no way , that is too cruel.Jessica's law.....too cruel.On and on it goes....the progressives are just too compassionate for ordinary folks.

Whoooops..........

Whooooooops....lololo

The media is paid by the evil ones. They like to attack the good ones. They print what they are told to and leave out the truth so the people don't  really  know  what is real.i don't hear them attacking the people ruining our country poisoning our food, water, sky, etc. He warned those people they didn't listen it's not his fault they were killed one person can't do anything. Alot of people who speak out for the good of the people or warn them gets killed like jfk,robert kennedy,martin luther king and also other people that knew information about 911 and other incidents through the years. The ones with the power and money have their asassins  to stop them from speaking out for the good of the people.

Forgive me for putting my nose into the polotics of the Catholic church ( i'm protestant) but why don't everyone just leave this man alone, the church (excuse the expression) needs an overhaul and needs it badly, Help him pull the church together an solve some of the problems the he inheritated. He seems like a kind man, like I mentioned, i'm not catholic, but i'll stick up for him, instead of sticking it to him.

The Catholic Church has had many serious problems for some time now and the hits just keep coming .These phony parasites always suck up to whatever tyrant is around, just like they did with Hitler

WE KEEP THE FAITH....IF WE ARE TRUE CATHOLICS...WE BELIEVE THAT POPE FRANCIS IS GOD CHOSEN....WHATEVER THOSE BLASPHEMER SAYS AGAINST  POPE FRANCIS....WE SHALL DEFEND HIM..." Why is this world care so much about the words of non-believer...the CATHOLIC FAITH are not for people with lukewarm belief... IT'S THE CATHOLIC WAY...or ...THE HIGHWAY...NOTHING IN-BETWEEN.

What a surprise! Who'd have thunk it??? Intrigue, manipulation, political agendas, corruption, etc. in "The House That Jesus Built???" WOW!!!

The entire Catholic church did the same thing in WW2.It was either do that or die, probably in both situations.

How come this storey shows up now other than to discredit Catholics.The disassociated press comes up with it then the yaahos at yahoo put on their website

Nazi and commie popes things to look forward to in the roman cult.

Religion without scandal and divisiveness is like fire without heat. Its intrinsic :)There's a reason terms like delusional and brainwashed get thrown around towards religion.Allowing the poison of religion to infect children, is the single most idiotic thing a human can do their offspring :)

Imagine that, a group of pedophiles complaining about bad press. lol

the current pope is a coward.  he didn't question the argentinian thugs--and this man has been voted to lead the world's catholics?!  posh.  I can think of many other morally/physically courageous  theologians who deserved this job far more.

The Pope in Hitler's time offered up the Jews.. and anybody who wasn't Catholic, if the Fuhur wanted themIt's no media campaign. The whole system is corrupt head to foot and has been since its inception. Satan is its head and demons its power. Read its history. It was created by unregenerate men and it's still being run by them. Only those spiritually born again from above know the truth. If any man has not the Spirit of God within him, he is none of His.

Who really gives a damn about what the vatican thinks !

Is the bear catholic? Does a pope sheet in the woods?  The RCC is full of homosexuals and child molesters. I speak from experience.

You elected a homophobic bigot. People are allowed to criticize that. Deal.

Well, I guess the left wing media does not like the "Roman Catholic CULT" of child molesting creeps either.

The Vatican is just mad because they can't torture and burn people at the stake anymore.

He is a jesuit.....Please read the history and the oath that they take. Check out you tube or google it. Don't be deceived ! Go research for yourselves before you decide.

the pope cant be a holy man with this NEWS!

The church sweeps everything under the rug....Over and over again.....From #$%$ to Pedophiles to rapes of Nuns to aiding and abetting murder.

Just get rid of the pope nonsense and perhaps Catholicism might regain some legitimacy.So, I don't really know #$%$ people expected a a bishop to do to stop any of the things people are attacking him for. It's easy to sit back and judge in the comfort of your tiny NYC apartment. I'm sure speaking out against anyone would have ended up in his death.

Liberal media believes that homosexuals are more important then the Pope. Talk about a screwed up Country.

Have you notice?  We never have news about journalists when they do something wrong.  Are of them saints?

The Vatican and RCC have always supported Fascists.  This is news?  Look at history.  Anyone who isn't a Commie is automatically fine by them, even at the cost of 6 million innocent Jews/Gypsies/mentally ill/etc...

An institution so out of touch with its followers. So sad.

Watch that first step, it's a doosey

Your Nazi Pope did'nt give a dam about the children of your church.Just covering up for all of the degenerate homosexual child molester's.

The purpose of the Catholic Church is to rape children and cover up the crimes. Everything else is pious baloney and horrific irony.

The Holy See Nothing

What is so surprising about him doing nothing about the right wing goons killing thousands of people, the last pope was a Nazi.Secularists are having a field day digging up dirt before Pope Francis is even officially installed. Gotta keep an eye on those ratings! LOL

The critics really missed the boat here - the real issue is that all religion is a fraud.

One has to keep in mind that the Catholic Church's stance on abortion and same sex marriage rubs the ownership and management of certain mega sized media outlets, including, but not limited to, The New York Times, MSNBC and CNN who view their broadcast rights entitles them to use their FCC licenses to shape society to their preferences via the tactic of twisting the news instead of simply reporting the news objectively.We all anticipated, that once a Pope was selected, these same organizations with their despicable agendas, would send their journalists to all corners of the earth to discover or invent any scandal they could to upend the new Pontiff and the Church.Its all so predictable ... and a very sad situation our country finds it self in.

Wow. It is unfair to have negative stories about the Pope? And I suppose the church wants you to join their faith...so long as your political views arent left of center.

It's too bad they didn't elect a Franciscan to be the first Pope named Francis. Since this is a Jesuit he probably picked the name for the founder of the Jesuits rather than Francis of Assisi. Jesuits have a long history of abuses being the rabid missionary types.

Idiots and Religion, a match made in heaven.

The odds of any significant reform are about zero.  The cardinals are hand-picked by the pope, taking an oath of obedience to him and to protect the church from scandal.  Later, they pick the next pope from among them.  The whole process is highly unlikely to produce anything but more of the same.

Left is a sewer of Humanity.

Our poor priests and now this new Pope Francis--what they are blamed for is unbelievable!!!  They are just mere mortals.  The press always digs up gossip, junk, and scandal on any spark of happiness or hope the rest of us are experiencing!  They tear down anyone that has risen--even for one day.  Mercy me--the press is so unethical, irresponsible, and full of garbage.  Run to your churches, and don't watch the news.

Well I think the people who spoke out were killed.  It shows he has some brains.YOU try to be archbishop in a country of mad men, where public opposition meant suicide. These Latin American dictators have killed bishops before. To work behind the scenes, as Bergoglio did, is more effective shepherding of his flock in the long run.

I have full trust that whatever Pope Francis decided, he did so with everyone's best interest in mind. I just wish I had even a smidgeon of his ability to do good.

No man is Jesus even though I think these religions try to make us think they are. I have things in my pass I'm ashamed to admit but we are to some degree victims of where and how we were taught and it takes time to change and convert yourself into who you are instead of who they tried to make you be sometimes. Example is the Middle East violence, this will continue until parents stop teaching their children to hate the other side blindly, one size fits all racism, intolerance, predigest can only be overcome when these children are allowed to play with one another.   All Jews are not good or bad, all Muslims are not good or bad, all Christians are not good or bad, we are in fact humans and all have faults , it is what we do to try to correct those faults that makes us good or bad in the long run.

You guys need to read about Argentina 1976-1983 , it wasn't like USA . You open your mouth there they would stick your tonuge up your (a)(s)(s) ...

Roman catholics are not christians,read history,theyy are a cult brought about by the roman empire during the time of constantien the great.

The candidates for pope are vetted for their doctrinal purity, or more likely, their political influence, and their ecclesiastical allegiance and discretion, not for their humanitarian service. That's why they got a Lateran Treaty with Mussolini, Pope Pius XII's Reichskonkordat with he who shall not be named, a pope with Nazi ties who hushed up pederasty, and now, the junta fellow traveler. Wonder what the "leftist" press will find out about him. Of course, we need to keep an open mind.

I wonder if there is ANYONE alive or dead on the planet that the MEDIA would not fabricate some BS to discredit them if they felt the need.I can see the headline: Jesus Christ ONCE HELPED A LEPER TO RECOVER!

Detractors, psychotic fundamentalists, and accusing Judaizers all point the finger trying to lay guilt where there is none. A true follow of Jesus the Christ will always suffer persecution from dark sources.

St Maximillian Kolbe had to deal with similar circumstances and handled it in a similar manner. He was not in the upper echelon of the clergy, but he did publish a widely read weekly. Since he was not protected by an office of renown he fell to the #$%$ and perished in Auschwitz.

Well, just another old white guy with power. He is a sinner like the rest of us, but I will not throw the first stone.Slay the zombie if it ever rises!!!

Priests "love" little boys. Proven fact. Thumbs down all you want.

LET THE MAN ALONE TO DO GOD'S WILL   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Sad, pathetic smear attempts by completely untrustworthy and soulless left wingers.  Their bitterness shows howdisgusting they truly are.

The left-wingers in Rome are out in full force attacking this humble pope so soon after his election.  Too bad the left over here turned a deaf ear and a blind eye to the present "first," the most inept and corrupt president in the entire history of the United States of America.

The pope in Hitlers time faced the same thing, by not interferring or endorsing interference by the church in germany he saved millions of catholics in europe anything else would have been a disaster for the church. The church in america is very well armed with personal weapons and would present a very different picture for that in america, they could overthrow a government but not their in germany or argentina, THEY HAD NO GUNS!! smart move! THE ONLY MOVE AND SAVE THOUSANDS OF CATHOLICS

Can someone please explain to me.... how.... if the election of the pope is ordained by god, why is that election not unanimous?  Just askin'...

If you are going to be the stand in for Christ you are suppose act like he did.  Christ stood up to emperors and anyone else who oppressed mankind.

If our Lord Jesus Christ was criticized why are we surprised of these media criticizing Pope Francis.

The POPE should not be in the news!!!  No other church leader is!!!! He either is a church leader or a govt. leader not both!!!!The best defense is probably NO defense.Pius XII  was accused of complacency with the Nazi invasion - what else could he do?Some people were told leave Argentina or be killed - they left...It's easy to criticize when you ain't there having to face reality.

If I was this pope, which I can never be since I am a woman and the church really does not want women to do much, but anyway if I was Pope Francis the first thing I would do would be to get rid of the old guard within the walls of the Vatican and put in fresh new blood that might gain respect, instead of the old guard who helped to hide so many misdeeds.

7 billion people overpopulating this planet. Global warming, mass starvation... etc., etc... And this fool says no birth control...

The author of this YAHOO article...nicole, along with some of you R absolute perverts.  This lady is not a journalist.....and guess what, the Catholic Church should not even care to respond to you pigs....who have the support of so called #$%$*uals.....pigs...just pigs......

I  think  Christians are all  douchebags, but  for  what  I  know  of  Bergoglio (and  yes, I Speak  flawless  Spanish and  have  lived in fact in Buenos Aires)  he  is   a pretty decent  guy,  his  people love  him and  he is in  no good terms  with  the  Kirchner h0oker.  Both positive references.This  sounds  like some  resentful old  bishops  being a sore  losers.

This argentinian pope didn't stand up to those military junta criminals just like the catholic church didn't stand up against Hitler in Nazi Germany.

The new liar spouts out "come back to the cross," but he told his Argentine comrades to run from the slums. Hypocrite.

So if you speak out against kidnapping, torture and murder, you're "left-wing."

Francis, doesnt your church call that a sin of omission???  To see atrocities being committed and look the other way??

How petty can they get!  Here's a world organization worshipping gay men (no women clergy allowed), while its parishioners traditionally campaign against gay men as couples who are famously raising children and contributing to society, unlike the gay priests who have criminally misbehaved and are being sued for it!!!  What gall.these are the first of the persecutions he will endure as pope.  and the enemies of the church will continue to dig.  i will continue to pray for him.

"Top church leaders had endorsed the junta;;;"Not only them, all the Argentinian population. The strongly armed and well prepared guerrilla failed, only because the population never gave them any support. Nobody wanted the criminal Communist terrorists even nobody liked military dictators too.

He loves children, if you know what I mean.

The roman catholic church is a evil cult,nothing to do with christians,history tells the truth,the first pope was a pagan high priest and all since have followed him.

Francis is a good man. He will do well as the leader of the Church despite the smear, lies and negativity

Yes, the Church won't support gay rights or abortion, but sadly the Church has done a great deal of cover -up for priests who have molested children.  No one or any type of institution has clean hands in all areas.

Let's see if I'm clear on the concept here: the new pope turned a blind eye to the plight of thousands of "disappeared" dissidents, displaying a remarkable lack of moral courage, and yet the Vatican says we should not criticize him for that. Did I miss anything? It seems that the job description to become the Vicar of Christ is not stringent as you might think.

AP, you lefty lib MSM drones got exactly what you deserved from the Vatican! Your ceaseless bashing of the Catholic Church and other religions is the work of Godless atheist progressives like George Soros et al, who would like nothing more than secular progressivism to be the new 'religion' that reduces God fearing people to sheeple of big government excesses, LMAO!

The Vatican is starting to sound like the Chinese and North Koreans in their rhetoric. Time to chill hommies.

The Media will keep fighting for the truth!!!"It's creepy to call someone Father when he's not my father, especially when I'm sitting on his thumb." -- Greg Giraldo

Have you heard about the new Exorcist film that is in production?They get the devil to take the priest out of the child.

As soon as I can I am going to discontinue using Yahoo as much as possible and encourage all my 1.2 billion fellow Catholics to do the same.

Did any one notice the few words attered by the new Pope ;  Pray for Me...does this mean, he is showing weakness to fullfil his role.

If he couldn't get over a girl and became a priest why would he be any better against a military junta. Vatican has supported #$%$, Fascist and Communists and military juntas so not much has changed.

He's misogynist - that's enough for me to ignore him.

He did the best he could with a bad situation. Can any of them say they would have done better?

Wow, a story that's 30 years old.  That's the news media for you.  Lazy to the core.

if you can take just an iota of the hatred you have for the church or religion...and direct it towards your govt who are harming you way more than any church can.....this country could be a better place.

What is not enough? Save yourself so that you could save the rest. Just like in  the airplane, in case of anything happen, secure the oxygen mask on yourself first before helping your love one. Thank you Pope Francis for using your courage to save yourself and save the rest.Does the 'human rights' crowd do anything but make accusations?

My My.. he's a plump li'l pope... he should tatse good in a stew.

Nothing new here, the Catholic Church has a history of being friendly with right-wing dictatorships.

Stupid media b.s.

"Top church leaders had endorsed the junta and some priests even worked alongside torturers inside secret prisons."  Nothing new about the Catholic church.  look up the Spanish Inquisition for starters.

Man will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest. - Denis DiderotDeath to religion so that humankind might yet live!

We are not supposed to question the  holy catholic church or you are a trouble maker!!!!

From a /\/azi that probably never killed anybody to an accomplice of murder.Wow, it gets worse by the minute.

Papa Francis we love you and are praying your proclaimation of JESUS CHRIST be proclaimed to the ends of the earth.JESUS SAID YOU ARE PETER AND UPON THIS ROCK I WILL BUILD MY CHURCH AND THE GATES OF HELL WILL NOT PREVAIL AGAINST IT.THESE SACRED words are DIRECTED to you culture of death especailly america!PRAISE BE JESUS MI IMMACULTA

Their is a lot of so-called judges that can't spell Argentina Imagine that!Don't cry for me Argentina!!!

The Catholic Church is so blatantly anti-Christ that the Bible refers to it as a harlot and the mother of harlots that will be co-ruler with the anti-Christ world wide government system that will rule at the time of Christs return to set up his (Gods) kingdom on earth.

The pope and catholic church are willing to use skewed information and slanted news media release to move their campaign against women and homosexuals but heaven forbid he take responsiblity for the assistance the Church gave the junta even if it was inadvertantly.I doubt it since this pope is so willing to demean people for their gender or gender preference.If you throw stones, expect stones to be thrown back.  I feel  for Catholics that want a more reasonable organization to run the Church.

"Then there's the Virgin Mary. The Virgin Mary! God impregnated Mary. We have a whole religion based on one woman who reeeeeeally stuck to her story." -- Greg Giraldo

I am not Catholic, I do not know of the new Pope other than by news stories but bully for him, his administration and his calling.  Enough is enough from the smear mongers who use the press to destroy anything not within their idiological plan.  Long live this Pope.

Let's give this pope a chance.  It want take long to see if he will clean up the pedophile priest and the money laundering at the Vatican.  If he doesn't then we will know he is just another hipocrite like the one that let the #$%$ plunder, rape and murder.

Maybe the church loves Fascists best, now that they're not allowed to do burnings anymore.

The pope has a better thing to do than going on a "honeymoon,"  mediocre!

Their clothes are kinda femme...just sayin.

Look at those clothes!!! It's good to see that Liberace's tailor still has work... Where is the candle-bra?The Pope's lackey defenders claim that opposition of the junta by the Church would have meant the demise of the Church in retaliation. Really? Oh men of little faith, do you not count on the Lord God to protect the Church which acts to glorify His name? I guess not.

Oh Well,  that's how business is going to be run by the RCC from now on, one scandal after another.Better get used to it.

I was a Baptist when I did attend church many years ago. My own belief is I don't criticize any ones Religion. The way I look at it is that any Religion is better then NO Religion! I don't think GOD looks down on any Religion so long as he (GOD) is in their heart and soul.

Religion???  Soup for the masses.  These people get way to much attention.

Christians who stand up to dictators find themselves dead. The fact that this guy lived through the Argentinian death squads tells you where he stood. Or rather, where he HID. Under the bed.

The RCC has always sided with the winning side.

When one mentions the left wing secular media they should realize there is nothing good about these people at all because they promote all that is evil. All the #$%$ you see on tv,movies,radio is there by design it is not by accident it is to spread satan's message to the world and corrupt your soul they are able to wrap up evil and wickedness as being glamorous. Next time you are watching tv all the hollywood types who are shoveling #$%$ at your kids minds are going to hell. Many of our so called news people,actors,politicians,media types are satanic and are involved in many occult activities their day is coming fast

". . questioning his actions during Argentina's murderous military dictatorship."That is a legitimate question !One of the Lord's does NOT become a Nazi Youth or give comfort to such as those responsible for the terror of Argentina's Dirty War.  That's why the Church has martyrs!Not capitulaters.  I wonder if the later have a patron saint :-D

The Dope.

not so righteousSo the honeymoon is over.  Ratzi the Nazi barely gets tucked into his golden parachute and Francis barely in the ruby slippers before the truth starts to come out.  Those accusing the pope of doing evil should remember he has a host of goodies to work with; the rack, burning at the stake, etc., etc., etc.....

So what, the pope during hitlers rein also did nothing knowing hitler and mousolini were killing the jews in mass murder.,  (pardon spelling)    When you're that close to god you can get away with anything.  (Even  today with little boys)

My hope is built on  nothing less than Jesus' blood and righteousness

jesus said it best, "they love the place of honor at banquets and the most important seats in the synagogues;" again Woe to you Pharisees who love first class seats in the synagogues and greetings in the streets!Look at the popes special seat   how about he outgoing pope when the kids were lifted to be kissed by him. IT is exactly as Christ said.There are real followers of Jesus Christ , that do feed the poor that do live with less to give more.    we are not to put our focus on a man "carrying a Golden cross"We are not to call any other man Religiously Father.   all they are doing is taking away for themselves the honor and worship that is set for God.  How do you lead a man to od when you are saying look at me look at me are I not holy.again Jesus said "37Now when He had spoken, a Pharisee asked Him to have lunch with him; and He went in, and reclined at the table.38When the Pharisee saw it, he was surprised that He had not first ceremonially washed before the meal.39But the Lord said to him, Now you Pharisees clean the outside of the cup and of the platter; but inside of you, you are full of robbery and wickedness.40You foolish ones, did not He who made the outside make the inside also?41But give that which is within as charity, and then all things are clean for you.42But woe to you Pharisees! For you pay tithe of mint and rue and every kind of garden herb, and yet disregard justice and the love of God; but these are the things you should have done without neglecting the others.44Woe to you! For you are like concealed tombs, and the people who walk over them are unaware of it.Making rules for men to follow so you have control over them. Jesus is a great leader follow him maybe just read the red letters words for awhile.  NO where no where does he  or others in the bible when it comes to confessing your sin   go Hail Mary full of grace 10 times.  or have a saint on your dashboard or around your neck, that is nothing but idols worship and enslavement to imaginary and  what the heck I cannot think of the word using them like a rabbits foot.. sheesh, oh lucky charm.confess to God or tell aa close friend you can trust then you can pray together.  but no man has ever been set up to me a mediator between God an man except Jesus.All others are wrong.Follow Jesus and walk along  side by side with other believers. be cautious of any rules or festivals they say you should do.

Catholics are a Hateful Cult!

I'm an agnostic, BUT LEAVE THE CHURCH ALONE.  They do MUCH more good than the apathetic cynical jaded sick media.

i wonder why the vatican did not lash out against pedophilepriest  that ruined the lives of so many people

The Left:   ATTACK--ATTACK--ATTACK..!!

Enough already. Where was this news in the 70s? We were not there and neither was the person who wrote this. We have a Pope who is teaching us Humility right from the start.Something the world needs right now. Bless you Pope Francis.

terrible choice of a new pope- a coward like benedict.  and they were supposed to vote someone younger.  i've lost all respect for the catholic church--atleast the big wigs.This pope seems better than Benedict in some ways maybe he can clean up the church.

You know what's funny, everybody is talking about the "crimes" the military junta committed during 1976 to 1978 in Argentina, but nobody, in particular, the leftist media lying pigs, are talking about the human atrocities and the carnage, that Marxist terrorists and guerilla groups committed before the military junta took the complete control of the dictator style government of Isabel Peron.Read the complete history of Argentina between 1974 and 1983 from an independent writer and then read one from a hypocrite lying leftist.Youll realize that the leftist propaganda has distorted and changed most of the true FACTS.By the way, its pretty much what the Obama government sponsored media is doing in our United States of America.Cant wait for our Military forces to take over this anti-American government, cant wait!

The Catholic church has said the same thing about WWII. They had nothing to do with helping the #$%$ out. Even when evidence was found that that church helped high ranking #$%$ flee to South America nothing was done. Nothing will be done about this either.

I have been to Argentina...spent quite some time there.The people are wonderful.Full of energy, and interests.I have studied the Dirty War and I have formed an opinion about this Pope.He was a coward.Which is very sad, because he is a Jesuit.Just not the kind of Jesuits that used to exist.

It's not just a few bad priests, it never was.  Thge Catholic church is rotten to its core.  the only reason other churches appear less so is that they are less well organized.

"slanderous and defamatory"  Yup, pretty much describes the state of so-called journalism today.

Always someone trying to tear a good man down for what he did or said in the pass. If we were to look into most people pass about what they said or done, most people wouldn't get the job, selection or appointment etc. During ones life many people change their views on issues; pass, present and future.

What's black, white and has had years of child abuse finally catch up with it?The Catholic Church.

He is a fat old bird i must say,steak everyday and a little shrimp and lobster i suppose.

I cannot stand the left wing media empire, all they do is twist and corrupt anything that is good and then spread their evil lies.Good grief! What a sorry state we're in when the news media, or whomever, finds it necessary to attack a holy man. What a bunch of callous donkey behinds. #$%$ really; but I don't know if Yahoo allows #$%$. I apologize, Yahoo, for calling #$%$, #$%$.

I wonder if "Time",NYTimes,Washington Post and the like waste somuch ink on thesubject..........or is a matter of mediocrity!

He didn't become Bishop until 22 years after the events. How could he conceivably have been responsible except in the minds of the haters.

'Vatican criticizes campaign against pope':   The AP admits that they are in fact launching a "campaign against pope" in their own headline... It was their story that the Vatican was criticizing...

lets leave it to God Almighty to judge

Nothing new....Pope Pius was silent too while millions of Jews were being slaughtered during WW2.

It must be the corrupt Curia, already stirring the pot to intimidate the new pope....like they did to run out the old one.

you can always find what you want. no perfection.

Was the US the sponsor of the junta?

Gladly the new Pope is kind of "Regular" as ordinary people on earth thats very good but he should excercise to get rid off his tummy and maybe will have longer life. God bless you.I am not exactly certain what they wanted Bergoglio to do? Put himself in harms way to get killed as well? One thing that news outlets are failing to be reported is he DID get himself in trouble with the government for his protests and for years was sanctioned, being forced into seclusion and taught math for years, before Pope John Paul II promoted him to cardinal. This man has a humble and honorable life. He did not loudly protest the despicable Argentinean government, but he DID protest it.

Prove Pope Frances spoke-out for  Los DesaparecidosPrincess Maxima's father could not go to her wedding when she married the Prince from Holland because her father was part of the Junta in Argentina where many of the disappearedoccurred.  The Prince is set to be king in Holland and again her father is not allowed to come to Holland because she will become Queen. The people of the Netherlands will not tolerate such brutality in this generation or ever, they won't be insulted.

Sounds like he isn't much of a decent human being.  He was an enabler and turned a blind eye.

And so he doesn't openly show signs of being gay and supported prostitutes reassuring them they were gods children too, So I guess all the gays have to cry about the fact he is not a butt banger...

This planet has not evolved for millennia. And the #1 reason is religion, as it keeps billions stuck in myth and superstition - slaves to fairy tale and phantasmagoric fantasy.Christianity is astro-mythology run amuck, and thanks to Constantine, it took root and flourished. There are 28 religions that predate Christianity, many by thousands of years, and all which share a similar motif: a son of god born unto a virgin mother on Dec 25, visited by wise men bearing gifts who followed a bright star in the east. And that is only where the myth begins to unfold. How can so many disparate cultures over such a long time period divine a man-god with such similar characteristics? Well, it could only be that they all shared the same point of reference. And what is the only common reference that had not changed for thousands of years? Look up. It's the stars. Case closed.

The days of forcing Galileo, upon the pains of death, to recant the fact that the Earth revolves around the Sun rather than the other way are long gone.Whether the new Pope is guilty or not, the Vatican will have to contend with a free press in a free Argentina and world.Now for the many who were persecuted in defense of the freedom of the press, the media has a sacred duty to present the truth regarding his actions during the Dirty War.

hes the new head of the oldest criminal organization in the world thats allowed to operate freely ,, corruption , murder , lies , torture , child molesting ,,, how dare anyone say anything bad

the ironic thing is...this man would help you if he had the opportunity.....while you are intent on destroying him. Even as a non catholic, id much rather be the popes friend than yours, he is nicer.

Probably nobody but Christ would have the perfectly clean soul in this world if he were to come here again . but then again St Peter Didn,t have the cleanest slate either.Pretty hard to keep it together in this world there is always something that somebody's done

what campaign? he has to deal with all the trash others left behind. and there is at least 500 years or more of it.The righteous, like the Holy Father, Pope Francesco, have nothing to fear from man. Good men who follow the way of the Christ and the way of peace, will always have persecutors trying to denigrate them. If you agree, give a hearty thumbs up.

The Pope is just a man.  Nothing more and nothing less.  He is saved by grace like everyone else who accepts Jesus.  He has been persecuted for his beliefs just like a lot of other people in the world.  He deserves no more or less respect than I would give anyone else.

What do you expect, It comes with the territory.

Why do South American Leaders don't fight against drug lords the same way they fought against the leftists ?

It's the same old story.Religious leaders have to stay out of politics except to support leftists causes and speak out against so-called right-wing governments.This people already proved himself a tool with his statement on the Falklands.

Pope Frances is not a man of God...this man was involved in CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY...the Pope has a criminal complaint against him for kidnapping and associated with death squads...this man should step down and ask God for his forgiveness

The only thing the junta did wrong in Argentina is that they didn't kill enough communists.  There's only one good communist, and that's a dead one.

Who says the Pope needs to be accountable: We the people of the word do.......

The Vatican has been defensive of any criticism for centuries.  Holier than Thou

Time to train the WAR NUNS!they did the same thing to Pope Pius XII and Hitler . Proven wrong as he was acting like Schindler all the appearing neutral.

All Popes are evil because they took the place of the Holy one!!!!  Their is only one holy one who was on earth and that my friend was JESUS!!  He died for your sins and mine!!!  No Pope has ever come close to being Holy!!  ITs a sin to say so!!!!   READ YOUR BIBLE

Welcome to the world of the 24 hour news cycle pontiff, your entire life will now be under a microscope.

Never ceases to amaze me how all the 'dirty laundry' comes out.  i remember the same thing happening with Benedict ... about the fact that he was a member of the Hitler Youth.

JP Morgan Chase (Jewish Owned) VS. The Vatican Bank (Catholic Owned)....that is what it is all about my friends....!!!!!....

Secular Looney Left gay boys in the media have no fear of the almighty.....

he is the best chance that church has had for a very long time, lets ignore the pro-Gay news -and give him a fair chance

Controversy involving the Vatican and Pope!? Guess its business as usual. Old tactic maneuver, draw attention to one concern and hopefully the others go unnoticed.

The evil monkey leads,nothing more to say...

Just another black eye for the Catholic Church , no big deal they've got to be use to it by now .Shouldnt they have thick enough skin to ignore what the "media" says. Everybody else does.

Don't on everything the Media says or write, Don't in the "Mother of Plaza de Mayo " either only those who live in the country at the time should be allow to speak an expossed their opinions. I didn't do anything, I was never bother. ????

Sad how the media picks up on this but ignores that Hillary supports Soros who had no problems turning his own people into the SS during WWII. Where is the media follow up on that?

No more weird men in costumes!

Not even a day old and S_ _T comes out. What else is new with the Vatican...

you know if you love God those who hate HIm will attack you.

The Jewish Free Press,  Don't listen to any of the #$%$ just Pray!..

The only time the Vatican will become involved is: 1. It will threaten their holdings. 2. it will threaten their holdings. Their holdings being the folowing: To date, the vatican is the largest privately held realty holding company in the world. Their congregations, and the income from them. They are also the largest privately held corporation in the world. Don't believe me? Do some research. Question: Why is it that the media was drooling over this papal farce, and yet they have all but forgotten that the childmolesters  are still among them? Didn't the vatican vow to clean house? Why haven't they? Because, if they had excommunicated every immoral priest, there would be very few left with all their original vows intact. That goes for the bishops and cardinals as well. You can not run a company with out a workforce.

Didn't take long for the Roman Catholic bashing , hateful, prejudice, bias, bigoted, racist news media to come out with some of its hateful critical sensational speculations and accusations ! Just as they did previous to Pope Benedict XVI, dead Pope Pius XII, Pope John Paul I, Pope John Paul II, Pope Paul VI, Pope John XXIII ! No end to false accusations against innocent victims !

Seems like it would take more than two days to organize a campaign.  Maybe it's just bones rolling out of the closet door they opened by electing him.The Cardinals elect one pope in collusion with Mussulini, another former Nazi, and now a junta fellow-traveler. Apparently, anyone who goes along with fascists anywhere and anywhen to promote the church's interests gets to be pope. Thanks to the Vatican for calling attention to this.

The old boy is fat as a rat,hope he goes on a diet,while he watched people starve in argentina he was living larg acting like he was a humble monk.hahaahah lol,lol,lol,lol,lol,what a joke these popes are.

The more that Anti-Catholics speak against the Pope and the church the more it unites us!  Keep it coming, remember there is over a billion of us!!!!

He is a criminal like the rest of the gay perverts behind the walls of the vatican.

He didn't confront the junta because he was afraid that they would have sent him to heaven.

Worse against gay marriage, against contraception to save people from aids   You dont need to go back youi just need to be in the present to understand the Church teaches bigotry and commits murder every day   good luck you catholics if you follow this papel BS.

THE CODE

Any ORGANIZATION that protects pedophiles is just worthless!

You as usual are the left-wing media, Yahoo!! The world would be better off with leaders like Pope Francis, who truly look after the poor!

The flaming liberal media picks apart everything that doesn't meet its immoral agenda!  But note, they give a free pass on ALL the stupidity of Pelosi, Reid, Biden and the GREAT OBLAMER!  They were sure biting the tire when Bush was in office. Now they are silent.Dirty war against leftists? THE LEFTISTS ARE the dirtiest players south of our border.

I can,t help it,but its all in the Bible.The Devil will penetrate churches.Yes #$%$-sexuality is an abomination! So marxist-devilsh liberals can bark and stupidly laugh but their end will come,quarranteed!God told the prophet Haggai to write down these words"I am going to shake heavens and the earth,the sea also and the dry land.I will shake all the nations..I am going to shake the heavens and the earth.I will overthrow the thrones of kingdoms and destroy the power of the kingdoms of the nations.Haggai 2:6-7,21,22

I do not know what the now Pope Francis did or did not do in Argentina but I do know that if he would have taken an aggressive stance towards the government and ended up with a bullet in the head as Romero did.

Please...Enough of this drama....Just abolish the vtican and their mumbo jumbo theatrics.

He has spoken and has stated how he helped during that era.It is really hard to work with a murderous regime.If he has confess to God about his actions and inactions the Lord who knows the hearts of men and in his mercies and kindness has forgiven him and has given him peace.The Pope needs prayers.Please pray for the Pope.

Trouble in Paradise?

In the USA, Zionists mostly control the "news", the entertainment world, DC foreign policy and Wallst. (that's right, the money on the home you are trying to buy, or live in or just got foreclosed on)  The Pope is merely the newest pawn in their game..."One million Arabs are not worth a Jewish fingernail."--Rabbi Yaacov Perrin, Feb. 27, 1994"Every time we do something you tell me America will do this and will do that . . . I want to tell you something very clear: Don't worry about American pressure on Israel. We, the Jewish people, control America, and the Americans know it."-- Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, October 3, 2001, to Shimon Peres, as reported on Kol Yisrael radio.In 1923, radical Zionist Ze'ev Jabotinsky-- spiritual father of not only of Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin but of Brooklyn Rabbi Meir Kahane-- wrote that the "sole way" for Jews to deal with Arabs in Palestine was through "total avoidance of all attempts to arrive at a settlement"-which Jabotinsky euphemistically termed the "iron wall" approach. Not coincidentally, a picture of Jabotinsky graces Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's desk. Source: The Village Voice, "Death Wish in the Holy Land," Dec. 12, 2001During a sermon preceding the 2001 Passover holiday, the influential Israeli Rabbi Ovadia Yosef exclaimed: "May the Holy Name visit retribution on the Arab heads, and cause their seed to be lost, and annihilate them." He added: "It is forbidden to have pity on them. We must give them missiles with relish, annihilate them. Evil ones, damnable ones." Source: Ha'aretz April 12, 2001

Okay, you liberals fault him for not doing more, but you are the ones pushing for the same thing to happen here in the US.  What are you going to do in the same case?

That's right Chris, the Church will not support gay rights or abortion EVER!! and neither will I!!  I get knocked around for what I believe from the Bible, but it seems nobody can say anything against the gay life style.  That just amazes me!  God bless you all out there!  I hope everyone turns to God before it's too late.  :)

The same secular/socialist union-related media machine that mount attack after attack on anything that is good and decent have gone after the new Pope before he even had a chance to drink a cup of coffee.Hey commies, go embalm Chavez so he can be laid out just like mass murderer Stalin, but leave the leader of an institution older than any of your whacko political systems - alone.Haters will always hate.

He's Jerald Ford clumsy.... Whooops!

What a campaign against the new pope ? ??  My God the demoncraps are all over the world and I thought they were only here polluting America....

And so it begins.  Does all this denial have a familiar ring to it?  Pius XII too had his dark side and denied involvement with the #$%$.  These churchmen are no different than anyone else.  Why do people tiptoe around the facts when the facts show these "christians" to be the hypocrites they are?

what's true is true. the new pope colluded with the junta. good and innocent people disappeared, were tortured, and killed. that can never be changed, however the church wishes to spin it. the new pope is the shadow pope...benedict still rules from the wings but will never be held responsible for the church's pedophile priests that he hid and protected even before he was pope.  some people are above the law, because they are the law.

Sounds like the CPAC Convention! What they are saying about him is kinder then what people are saying about the Vatican itself! Not too much difference between the catholic church and a communist regime!

it's a man's world...

Let us pray for the Holy Father and for peace and compassion in our world.And trust, that there is much to this humble Jesuit than meets the eye.

The catholic church is so far from the doctrine in the scriptures it is funny. Someone please tell me where is says to pray to Mary?

So we shouldn't question them?  If they have nothing to hide and everything is peachy then what is the problem?This good and holy pope will set the example ALL mankind is to follow if it is to evolve to a higher spirituality. Mankind must get beyond selfish materialism or it will destroy itself. The Divine has sent us this man, the Vicari Christi, to show us the way.

pedophile

nothing is more important than punishing pedo priests. He has already wasted enough time on other matters...

Alter boy alert.....

Pope Francis I, I'm sure you already know this. In life there's a bunch of TOXIC people who's main aim in life is to intoxicate the air we live in; like carbon monoxide. Do your thing and ignore those toxic people; they have no reason to live but to find everything wrong with life and people. They are worthless. Keep your head up and do the Lord's work. By the way, congratulations.

Religious officials have always colluded with and condoned brutal political oppressions, wars, genocides, progroms, etc. as well as instigated them right from the beginning and up to the modern day. They helped suppress, imprison, and kill Jews in WWII often working in concentration camps. Just "doing gods work" as Hitler (a catholic) said. And of course Hitler only exploited the anti semitic culture that christians started 1000 years ago. Christians killed more Jews than Hitler throughout the centuries, even with less efficient methods.

All Popes are evil!!!!   They are old senile old men who are failing!!!!!!!!!

Yeah, the Church didn't have much to say when Mussolini and Hitler took power either. And yet they were very vocal about the Reformation. LOL  The Church is political only when it suits their interests to be so.

that guy sitting on our left of the picture... in pink.... yup

As usual another case of a latino without morals or common sense..  Also one should not act like the Man.The 3 "M's" of Catholicism... Murder, Molestation &amp; Money. Probably the most corrupt organized religion throughout history next to Islam.  And like Islam, I'm shocked at the number of good people that actually follow such a twisted faith simply because they were born into it.

Countless witnesses have implicated the new Pope with DIRECTLY taking part in torture and murders carried out by the fascist Junta. How could they stoop so low as to select such a wicked man?

The last pope was a Nazi.  This one isn't any different.

The Catholic church did not exist until Constantine converted to Christianity in the 4th century. He simply substituted Christian icons for all of the Roman mythological icons. Internally nothing else changed and it was still a pagan religion down to its core, as it remains to this day, complete with all the evil and degeneracy of all the pagan religions that ever existed.

Vatican campaign against pope - Wow and he just got the job!

Why do popes never do interviews? They just hide in their popemobiles and give speeches.

Im looking at the dictionary description of atheism.....and I just cant find the part that says the purpose of atheism is to attack christians only.

The will connected and the haves are demons and devil.

"Anti-clerical left-wing" media campaign questioning his actions during Argentina's murderous military dictatorship." ...The AP, authors of this story, is a perfect example.

All b who belive in "god"Dog" are murderers ...........Who cares by the looks at this 76 year old with one lung they'll pick a new pope in another 2 years.

We once had a pope like that in the U.S.  His name was Gerald Ford.

NICOLE WINFIELD What kind of "reporter are you"?????? If "Nobody has produced any evidence suggesting he had anything to do with such crimes", then this makes your whole story a waste of my time and yours. I suggest you pick a better career.

All leftists should be executed.

already critics. come on...

I guess if they were right wing Religous nuts they would have been saved.

Sounds like the sex scandal denials by the church, and look where that lead to.

NObama has failed completely as president. NObama needs to be impeached

Clergy....Killem all, let GOD sort them out!

Can't we all just get along?Let's get the Obama thing over now.  We all know he will be blamed for everything.Obama is not a foreign born, brown skinned, anti-war socialist who gives away healthcare!YOU'RE THINKING OF JESUS!

We can believe i anything we read ,we need to investigate to find the truth  ,the church in Argentine never ever got involved in politics , I  saw in Brazil  the dictator Getulio  D Vargas assassinate thousands ,as the militars did the same after  03/31.1964   and  The arcebisp never ever  said one word to protet the imnocent people , in Argentine Peron did  kill thousand of oponents  ,let's go to Chile  Pinochet assasssinate another  thousands  where is the Catholic church  ,brothers and sisters  ,read the newspapers ,don't believe what i'm  writing here . THE IGNORANCY IS THE MOTHER OF STUPIDIT ,the  Jesuits  is step by step with every country in this planet ,,they have  control of everything ,and they will  be the head of NEW WORLD ORDER  &lt;    WHATCH  OUT

I'm more interested in knowing his role in hiding #$%$ in Argentine from the 1960's to 1980's when the Catholic "church" there was in full Nazi-hiding swing.  He's an evil man of intolerance and hate against people he doesn't know, like gays and lesbians wanting to have families.  How evil this phony man in a dress is.

Remember Saturday is the real true Sabbath !!!!!!  Not the Vatican Sunday!!!

The Pope is only a Man, say it to yourselves and you may be cured yet.

Dont you people see that this is being orchestrated by the argentine president, his deadly enemy who was also a communist in the 70 ties ?  Francis opposed Cristina about the gays laws and since then, they called him " the real lider of the oposition " .  The present Argentine government , the gays, the lesbians and all the leftists are ALL his enemies. Dear Pope, forget about about politics and concentrate in your work. The present world is full of evil.

Leftists, aren't they commies, bad guys???

The Roman Catholic Heretics; Biden and Pelosi; are getting a FREE ride to Rome!!!!!!

Papist di tutti Rapists

This is not the first time a leader of the Catholic church failed to confront such atroscities.  Check out WWII and the Catholic church.  It is known that some of their leaders aided in the escape of Nazi war criminal...........to South American countries.I thank god for giving us another pope,ur are will come.

It's funny how the bible says not to worship idols yet here you Catholics are raising men up to idol-like positions... Says a lot don't you think.

If he sat idly by while these atrocities happened to cover his own behind, then he has no right to the leadership position.

What does around, comes around... The RCC should change its name to Hypocrites Anonymous.

God bless Pope Francis, such a good man.

Vaticans reign of terror is all but over. The Holy Roman Church has fallen and so did the pope with his first steps.He`s as guilty as the whole dog and pony show. ENOUGH

i like the fact he's sticking to basics - right down to the shoes. i pray he continues this. doesn't get caught up in the circus going on around him. i'm not catholic - but i'm glad to see someone trying to be "down to earth" in this role.

Negative media = SATAN at work

He's the CEO of the most profitable business in the world, so leave the guy alone, he's just trying to make a buck.

leave the pope along let him do is job for the people give him a changeI was there.  I loved my new country for her warm and friendly people.  And for her music and many other things.  I was also curios about everything, right and left.  I saw the many, hundreds if not thousands, mothers, who lost their children, marched toward Pink House.I also learned the both-sides stories.  Let me apologize for both sides to both sides.  I'm still deeply sad for what happened to all the people!

Yet another attempt of Catholic Church haters to tarnish the image of a truly admirable man. Anyone choosing to believe this malicious trash is a muppet in unscroupulous manipulators' game. If you allow yourself to be swayed by such garbage you should really seriously question your capacity to reason and feel. People believe what they chose to and it speaks volumes about who THEY are and what they represent and not about the subject of the attack. One has to really be blind in their hate or stupidity or both not to realize that this is an attempt of character assassination squarely aimed at destroying a person's reputation and authority. Does it surprise? Not at all, They smeared Jesus and the apostles all along and had him sentenced. Those believing such lies, - you fit right in with the crowds shouting "crucify, crucify ! Those spreading such malice are breaking "Thou shall not bear false witness!" commandment. On another note, I find it really pathetic reading some comments. Wicked, small people sitting in the privacy of their homes passing on judgements on others and issues they neither understand nor have any clue about. Sad and silly.

Let teh stop spoiling his name, he is a soldier

Their god is his own son and father ... politics is the least of their problems.

The election is over dont let the one most high send down disasters up on us.''He who with out sin cast the first stone''

Every Christian should seriously contemplate the meaning of these words:"But you, do not you be called Rabbi, for one is your teacher, whereas all you are brothers.  Moreover, do not call anyone your father on earth, for one is your Father, the heavenly One. Neither be called leaders, for your Leader is one, the Christ.  But the greatest one among you must be your minister.  Whoever exalts himself will be humbled, and whoever humbles himself will be exalted." - Matthew 23:8-12Do all these photographs, descriptions, and titles tell a different story? If so, then why?

Monsignore Oscar Romero stand up for his flock with brave heart and was killed in the service of THE LORD , he asking for help and the Vatican slam the doors at his face .... did this Francis capable to do  something similar ....?

think the authorities in argentina ;76 to 83 were dangerous and ruthless? Not when compared to Catholics in their "enforcement cadres" Blood spilling is what the organization was built with for many years... read their history. pope frank will do as he is told.

what a wonderful world we lilve in  amen

If they are going to be dragging all my skeletons out in the open, they can keep their U.S. presidency.  I don't need the grief.Columbine, Newton, Aurora, Cambodia, Soviet Gulags.......I wonder, if they werent atheists, would they still have done the same thing?  .,,.and would it be fair to blame all atheists for their acts?

The cardinals elected him -- now they want to condemn him? Sounds like "whoever is without guilt can cast the first stone". Maybe the ones who voted him in should re-examine their purpose for even being cardinals and if they are following what Christ intended by having Peter be the first "Pope" essentially to carry out HIS word and mission. As far as I know, no man is perfect, and Pope Francis 1st has reconciled himself  by asking for repentance. The other priest accepted this and they hugged.

whether or not god exists, or if there are pedophile priests, or if the pope has a bad history......what you atheists exhibit is a complete lack of respect, compassion and tolerance for the 100's of millions of followers....your fellow humans. ..for this, you get NO respect...for you are primitive, subhuman and have the heart of a goldfish. ...and the biggest difference between you and intelligent being is...the intelligent being will at least consider the possibility,,,,,you, have decided, declared it law, and thrown away the key and are not open to any possibility. YOU are more dangerous than any Pope can ever be.

He is a killer by default he never stood up to argentina killers of the innocents just like vatican never stood up to persecutions and murder ok 6 million jews ti is a filthy religion

Meh.. he can't be any worse than the last pope.

Put them in blue jeans and a tee shirt and you would have the same thing, A HUMAN!

He said, I know nothing, I see nothing , and I an't saying nothing, so help me God.  End of story.

The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. Maybe the new Pope skipped over Leviticus 19:16 ...you shall not stand aside while your fellow's blood is shed. Its understandable, since Christians eschew Leviticus in favor of Luke 19:27 Now as for those enemies of mine who did not want me as their king, bring them here and slay them before me. And Mathew 10:34 Do not think that I have come to bring peace upon the earth, I have come to bring not peace but the sword. Leviticus 19:18 "...you shall love your fellow as yourself" is preached but not practiced.

AP writers are Socialist and at the top of the left wing in this nation.

Does anyone know if the smoke coming from the chimney was the conclave burning their peophile records?Just ask God ,he will know the truth

Long Live The Pope

If you like military rule under repressive juntas then you'll love the Catholic church, which actively supported this in Argentina. As far as torture goes, well, we have #$%$ Cheney. It's wasy to start slipping down that road, justifying your horrible acts - scarey!

why shouldn't people ask they want to hold everyone else including criticizing other religions whats wrong with asking.... about his past.... I was under the assumption they Italian candidate was gonna be elected and I know iam not alone in that thought, its odd too they condemn everyone is evil except what is truly evil child molestors and their protectors!!!!! I despise

The Catholic Church hates its own history especialy when people remember it. Having said that, few are willing to truly die for Christ which is what would have probably happened if he had openly defied the junta in power. He is human just like the rest of us. Calling him a Cardinal or Pope doesn't change that.

samething that happened in WWII by the Vatican

I am happy to say that i support neither....The Christians, Jews or Muslims...."They are ALL complicit to "Melchizedek"......in another words...."MEPHISTO RULES"...!!!!...

The biggest mafia on earth

And what about the publicized picture of the Pope during WW2 shaking hands with Hitler?Has very much changed???

What about the black Jesuit Pope Hans Klovenback???Check out the webiste on the LEAGTUS  Website about the rich Catholics!!!!

Communism (Jewish Origin) VS. Catholicism (Christian Origin) = The Power behind "Melchizedek"......in another words......."MEPHISTO RULES"....!!!!....

JP Morgan Chase vs. The Vatican Bank

The jesuits have killed and killed in the name of the holy roman church!!!

What a waste of time

Why do so many blame the Catholic Church for everything. God is omniscient and all-powerful, not any human, Bishop or not!

The Catholic church. The single largest land holders in South America. They  keep the goods  by playing ball and turning a blind eye to the crimes by the dictators. They got innocent blood on their hands

Do you think the Pope is bouncing up and down on the throne,  saying too stiff or too soft?

Jesus says to Love One Another. Let there be peace on earth and on this website.

THE VATICAN HATES THE BIBLE TRUTH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  THEY ARE THE TRUE HATERS!!!!!!!This world is filled with wickedness.

Jesus was a "Liberal"; the left wouldn't attack the Church.

The Vatican helped #$%$ escape after WW2 sowhat's the big deal about this Pope working with dirtbags? Reseach and be mind boggled.Take care and be well.

The vatican is not in a position to "criticize anyone.

Jesus Christ is our Leader.Not the pope.

I bet he is also a child molester!

So whats new? Benedict and Paul were both fascist and NAZI sympathisizers. Francis is just a south american version of the same. He is also a pederast. Give it 3 weeks and the victims will start coming forward.

The Popes are all disgusting lying criminals! If they weren't protected by the church they would all be in prison!

If the Catholic Cardinals were really smart, they would have made Cardinal Dolan of New York, the next Pope.  He is a spiritual man, a good man and a man that would bring some levity to the Church that, quite frankly, needs some change.  After the "media" gets finished with Pope Francis, we will loose half a billion faithful.....cause they are dumb...sorry I said that !

Arguing in Yahoo is like running on the Special Olympics.You may win the argument, but you're still re(ta)rdedF U Catholic hatersThe left is the left no thinking is required of them.

The last one was a Nazi.  This one is no different.

The media is so quick to judge....Let ye who is without sin cast the first stone.

Pope Frankfurter of Assissy will assuage the willing Liberal sphincter with holy oil to make amends....

#$%$, catholic church. in fact, screw all religions!

One shady pope after the other ! What kind of a true spiritual leader wouldn't want to give his own life to protect others ?? His lack of courage shows that he is a very much an average man....with an average thinking . Anything else is for show .

Yet another attempt of Catholic Church haters to tarnish the image of a truly admirable man. Anyone choosing to believe this malicious trash is a muppet in unscroupulous manipulators' game. If you allow yourself to be swayed by such garbage you should really seriously question your capacity to reason and feel. People believe what they chose to and it speaks volumes about who THEY are and what they represent and not about the subject of the attack. One has to really be blind in their hate or stupidity or both not to realize that this is an attempt of character assassination squarely aimed at destroying a person's reputation and authority. Does it surprise? Not at all, They smeared Jesus and the apostles all along and had him sentenced. Those believing such lies, - you fit right in with the crowds shouting "crucify, crucify ! Those spreading such malice are breaking "Thou shall not bear false witness!" commandment. On another note, I find it really pathetic reading some comments. Wicked, small people sitting in the privacy of their homes passing on judgements on others and issues they neither understand nor have any clue about. Sad and silly.

a pope that makes his own meals and personally pays hotel bills and not the one to be criticized.  They media just throwing a tantrum because they want more attention.

Habemus Pedophiliam Franciscum!

The Associated Press has "failed to openly confront the junta responsible for kidnapping and killing thousands of people in a "dirty war" to eliminate leftist opponents." You see it works both ways too.The Church will still be around long after the leftists and alleged "progressives" have been tossed into the dust bin of history, along with Stalin, Lenin and Marx.  The Church may have a new earthly leader, but the Same Guy is still in charge, like He always has been.

At Fatima, The Virgin Mary was speaking about World War 2 when She said that God would punish the world if man did not cease offending God.  Wouldn't surprise me if another punishment was coming soon.

I for one look forward to him being the first Hispanic Pope, I'm only 16 and Hispanic (born American) and this is just history before my eyes! I will be able to tell my children about this! So exciting! Hopefully the Church will be brought back to a greater strength in the Latin American community which is much needed. So excited!!! =D

Remnant Catholics : Storm approaching.

A smear against a powerful leader? shocking!

The spent years and millions cleaning centuries of dirt and smoke off the frescoes of the Sistine Chapel. But all the soap and holy water in the world will not clean the grime, filth and blood the Vatican's covered in. An evil institution that maintains its power with guilt bases on superstition.

We are in 2013 and we still do this non-sense, electing Santa Clause, Pope...Seriously??!!

Doesn't make any difference who or what you are in life.....EVERYBODY HAS SOMETHING TO HIDE.........It is what makes us human.

jesus was a man....he prayed like all prophets prayed..by touching his forehead to the ground...he fasted....abstained from pork and hard drink....and believed in the one god....today the only people doing all these things are the muslims ...pope following constantine/paul not jesus

I didn't know Americans were so closed minded, ignorant, and supporters of right-wing dictatorships who massacred their own civilians.  But then the history of U.S. support for Latin American dictators, on a witch hunt for "communists" (ie. people seeking justice and civil rights), is long and tragic - Guatemala, El Salvador, Chile, Argentina, etc.  Must not be a true American, or maybe your one of the many uneducated Americans.  Get educated and stop embarrassing yourself.Just don't listening to the American Media the world don't need's America one of the most corrupted  Nation

Its not easy to walk in a long dress. Perhaps he would not have tripped if he would have worn his little red shoes. Poor Francine.

Hopefully this pope will do more to bring people to and/or back the church, instead of spending his time changing the words in the mass!

I love living in times where there is infighting in all the antiquated belief systems.

Jesus never existed, there is no god, the pope is irrelevant, religion kills. Duh!

Pope .. what does he do .........but we trust in God and he is the one not pope regret opening this

The Vatican should look at the USA, they are a big Propaganda machine.  They don't like Catholics, the Protestants and their denominations are working for Satan.

I hope Francis One runs the Church like Argentina operates. The Catholics will be out of business in a couple of years. LOL

I'm still trying to recall which one of the apostles, the footstep followers of the Christ faithful till death, were the last to retire?  Oh, that's right... there was one.

Obama has 34 million Zombies behind him......walking dead people like Biden, Pelosi, Reid....the POPE has the living backing him, plus the Top THREE...Father, Son and Holy Ghost. The Pope is Universal....Obama is just "57 States" who trips, who lies , Who makes America look stupid? Impeach the Idiot.In National Socialist Germany, the "I am not a dictator . . . " termed Fuhrer, established a STATE Christian Church.  The Head of this Church was a Lutheran Bishop who wore Swazticas on his cleric robes.Yet, the Jews and the Protestants decry the Catholic Pope Pius XII for "helping" known National Socialists get out of the "round up."I simply want to say this as Glenda has so aptly done:  Pray for the devil and her minions to take their secularism back to hell with her.The Jews always cry about everything!  They wouldn't be Jews if they didn't.Since the "great reformation" the Christian world has been in chaos so that when the Catholics, organized by Jesus from day one with Peter at titular head, i.e., the first Pope, get eggs thrown at them, these "christians" are the first to throw the rotten eggs.Yes, Glenda, when in the left-secular-socialist/communist-STATE run media's cameras, only they are perfect.

The shameless media a tool of Satan!

A new Pope, same dumd media!

If the truth hurts, rail against it.  He is probably the best of all of them, and that makes the situation even more sad -- he might deal with some of the problems this dysfunctional church has, but he is not capable of dealing with the most important problems the church has.  They have a thousand years (and more) of stupid policy that is not based on biblical principals, but on problems that the church faced at one time or another (no women priests, priestly celibacy, papal infallibility, many more).The church cannot survive without major reforms and throwing out false declarations.  If they do not embrace women, they will fail.  Women will leave and take their children with them.  It happened in Europe, it is happening in the US, and it is well on its way in Latin America. If they hate ten percent of the population (gays), they will lose far more than that 10 percent.  If they rail against contraception, 90 percent of their flock will ignore them (note the US and Europe).  They can declare that those who do not follow them "religiously" are not of the faith, but that just reduces their numbers astronomically.  They are dying.  They have no hope unless they reform and come to their senses -- and there is absolutely no hope for that. RIP Catholic Church as a significant force.  It will take decades -- the slide so far has taken decades -- but the slide will continue, and they will fade from the world just as the nasty Protestant sects that chase similar idiotic aims are doing.  It seems just now that the more maniacal elements are increasing, but they are all feeling pressure and decreasing, and it will be a better world when the religious clowns who try to force their religion on everyone else are defeated and destroyed.

waa, waa

What is in the past is over with, leave it in the past things can't be change. Just worry about today. The press needs a scape goat and right now it's the pope. Be silent press.

welcome to Obama's world, Your Holiness

The Poop is a #$%$!

The media is a seething cauldron of atheists, homosexuals, and sociopaths hell bent on creating the world in their own image and denying it like hell all the way.

That man should be our toilet!!!!Those red shoes of the last guy looked like pimps shoes!

Do people really think that as hard is it is to convict a member of the "church" of undisputed pedophilia that anyone is really going to charge one of the cover up of murder? The church is never wrong and if a little boy is molested then it is right by the will of god. Do not like it? Then why is nothing ever done about it? Sad.

i love how every pope has never even tried to abstain from the 7 deadly sins, yet they leave there countries were they wish they had the choice to sin rather than be forced or starve to death

Seems to me the Yahoo and media only attacks what is good now days..  It's always a one sided view.

"Vatican criticizes campaign against pope" - really. Interested to see how this shakes out in the press, as the Vatican will of course deny any wrong doing until the evidence is overwhelmingly against him/them

Who gives a #$%$ what they criticize??? Rapist and molester shuffling tax dodging money hoarders........evil empire folks.....the dark side

Right on Ironman MaGee...... the hate full liberal press is a disgrace to our country....these loons despise God, Love,  Family anything good.....they are to be pitied.  they are worshipers of sin and perversion.

Let he who is without sin cast the first stone... Yes I am addressing the MEDIA in this world. What a bunch of hypocrite!

Watch 3BN Television for the real truth on the vatican!!!  Or look up AMAZING FACTS web site

Real simple, if he openly confronted them he would not be pope.....cause he would have been killed. The media is simple news entertainment and it SUCKS. Move on #$%$. How about we talk about the dictators in China, Iran, North Korea, Syria.......  who are today killing   their own people. Stupid "media"Torture rape and murder.Peter the Romanthat is the name this man will become known as !

The only organization more despicable than the AP is Reuters.

"You know whats wrong with the world today?  People done gone put their Bibles away, their living by the law of the jungle not the law of the land."Charlie DanielsWords from Simple Man and I do believe this has come to pass.  The pope is the leader of the Church.  God is who the Pope and the rest of us place our faith and believe in.  The vicar of Rome seeks to maintain order and lead us not God but Priest of the Risen Savior and teacher of his word.

Was he the only priest in Argentina during those dangerous times? Huh?

Pope: "young child, come to your new papa"

Why can we stop attacking the Pope is it because he is doing Gods work? God Bless the Pope and all the Priest who works for God.

The same Vatican that hates women, gays, non-whites, women's rights, children and is perfectly fine with rape of women and children, letting the poor starve so they can stash gold in their pockets and use the Bible to justify their intolerance and hatred? Yeah, I'm so concerned that they're upset.

He should have been more clearly vetted.  His hands are dirty.

The funniest thing in this article (and there are many) is the presumption in the first lines. The media /really thinks/ it and the liberal culture of death it shoves down our throats are the "bride" that grants a "honeymoon" to the the newly chosen leader of the Church. If it doesn't like something, look out, because the lady has a headache tonight and the "groom" is going to sleep on the couch!Well, newsflash folks. The Church is the Bride, and she has elected a leader to shepherd them after obedience to the True Groom, who is Jesus Christ. If you guys think for a second the College of Cardinals elected this man to please you, you really are as deluded as some accuse you of being. At this point in the game, whatever the media says is a pretty good barometer of what the Church should contradict, and if the media approves of you, you are probably not being a very good Christian.Oh, and keep the persecution coming. It does wonders for our prayer life and sense of community!

There is one thing I would like to ask. how come they vote a half dead man in to the office of the pope? He is old &amp; not of hole body.Guess maybe the card-nals like to go on vac.from there countrys &amp; get out of town more often to do there voteing in  Italy. Cost a lot of $$ for all the party time they have.Obama will take the Pope to Court, and change the Votes!....He does it to us!

One of the few descent people left in the world, And they want to slaughter his name!  Damn them! God will!

Satan is at work again.  He has to destroy the church that Jesus built.  He will use anyone who falls for his trap.

Hello folks:The below taken from the above article:"The Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi noted that Argentine courts had never accused Bergoglio of any crime, that he had denied all accusations against him and that on the contrary "Was the courts of RC higher members would ever found him guilty  ?   Are you crazy !!!; the RC may have been sued, and he may have a bad name not to be a bishop in the future; and on the sidelines===there goes the money.Argentine is a RC country; the RC can do no wrong in a RC country(and in south america.)Did the courts asked the correct questions ?Was the trial in the open  ?Please stay tune to this station for further developments on the issue, which is sure to come.

Just like the previous Pope who was a member of the Junior Nazi League!This guy was a member of the military junta that took over?? He even abandoned the 2 priests who were working with the poor.Dang, he should write a book, "Christianity-only when its convenient for ME"

WOW, evidently guttony is no longer a sin to catholics..this boy needs to lose mega poundage!

One the anti gay news is more noted today than this story.  2. Mitt Romney dealt with similar news since he accepted money to start a biz.  3.  lashing out not the best way of dealing with it because now it looks like there might be merit now to the story.

It is impossible to satisfy the left, short of declaring oneself a marxist-leninist.

When you're at the top, the only way to go is down. Everybody wants the power. It just goes to show how peace-loving the Catholic Church really is. Practice what you preach beaatch.

Say, done anything to research and report about Bengazi, golf trips or the HHS mandate that's killing America? Isn't the media great at deflection? "Lets report on allegations from thirty years ago instead of telling the truth about what's going on right now! Maybe the sheeple will forget!". Flipping idiots.There is no god. What a ridiculous thing to believe, in this day and age.

Ah, hours into it and we have our first "don't question me".  He is a Pope.

Top church leaders had endorsed the Argentine junta and some priests even worked alongside torturers inside secret prisons....And he, the now new pope, kept silent then for a long long time as well... They all cover up something, those ex-cardinal popes.

the term propaganda came from the catholic church's College for the Propagation of the Faith

This is all very eerily like the propaganda that the NAZI"S and COMMUNIST"S used, and still use, to discredit the Church.What else do you expect from a media/political world that has prostituted the image of men, women and children-and dehumanizes all of us?"Woe( curses) to those who call good evil and evil good."-God

yes he is the pope but he is human. however i guarantee he has lived a better life than most of our sorry butts have. but as usual the angry hateful vultures have no life and have to start there shenanigans. let the man do his job and get a life. give him a chance #$%$. try treating people how you want to be treated. sorry as%es

"Nobody has produced any evidence suggesting Bergoglio had anything to do with such crimes."  Then shut the frak up.

Hatred and bias are ugly things.  What a surprise that they would attack the Pope.  Ugly ignorant people do ugly ignorant things.  So much for an unbiased media.  The left wing media is out of control.

He has never been a soldier, politician, or the president. He is a religious person. Many people (and evil spirits) want to combine between religion and politic to see blood, killing each other, beheaded, etc...(this was and is the fact). So, please don't bother him, he seems much better than the previous popes. I am not Chatolic, but I do believe in God. I do not believe my grangrangran parents were orangutan/ monkey/ turtle..etc...

There's always some in the crowed who manages to find fault. No mater what. They nailed Jesus to a cross.Why does the media intend on passing off as the pope. I don't get it. They are too gemini in their intent and too divided.  Did they not realize we only have one Pope.  If you can't be the Pope eat Pops Cereals...and support the Maize industry.

"Nobody has produced any evidence suggesting Bergoglio had anything to do with such crimes."Benedict was in Hitler's Youth.Argentina is where #$%$ and their supporters alike fled at the end of WWII.Welcome to the house of fun, kids.

The left wing is just that. The left that should leave and start their own church.  Leave the Right alone.

The so called liberals, there is no ways to satisfy them.

What everyone seems to  not want to talk about is the fact that that dictatorship, and those death squads were funded, and supported by the U.S.  to spread Capitalism.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

Thank you Vatican for stepping in.  The Media are vultures-ready to pounce on anything to sell papers and air space.  When will people stop buying into this and use their own beliefs along with common sense? I Love the Pope and what he stands for.

Why bother with a "left wing media campaign" when pointing and laughing are in order.

he has a child under his skirt look closelyDUH...This is Nothing NEW. The Catholic Church prayed for and supported the #$%$ and Hitler ! What about the Crusades , Inquisitions, and the allowing of thousands of rapes of innocent children ?  While the Priests live in shameless luxury. The Catholic Church is a disgusting, abhorrent farce .

and ur gonna follow this hooster???

When a military dictatorship takes place in your country, and hundreds of thousands begin to die. We'll see how many people you save and how many you'll stab in the back to save your own rear, and even back stab your children. Because what I am seeing today, is a bunch of brainless, souless underage adults. I can no longer call them kids or children. You've already ruined your own blood.We have a new Pope, and we are to stand by him, to honour him and to follow him.What do you have? All of you media, leftists, athiests? You have NOTHING!And there will be a day when you have found out, you picked the wrong side!

Too bad Yahoo doesn't go to such depth to reveal the past of Obama...now that would be news.... instead of this gibbish to defame a holy man

Please!!! He's a big boy, playing in the big league. And if anybody thinks any of these clowns aren't just a ambitious, calculating, power-hungry, and shrewd as any politician or businessman, they're fooling themselves. Their game is actually worse because they are playing on people's belief/fears in God. Suck it up, Francis.

God would criticize the papacy.You have but one Leader, The Christ.

I wonder what Chillier and the others did during the time of "disappeared"?

Priest: "young child, it's a new beginning, we are going to start have mid night private session..."

Couldn't they even find one cardinal with a spotless record?

What I find most interesting is within in hours the Vatican can formulate an offensive and yet it takes the Vatican decades to even begin to peel back the onion on the sexual abuse and the cover up for pedophile priests!!!They are trying to destroy Roman Catholics religion.... they are not Christians

Heck, as we are seeing in the United States - the leftits (haters) who promote these kind of campaigns against Christianity actually want more dictators - many of whom would promote their campaign in the name of "power, control and ideology"   I have found it fascinating that the left promotes the muslims over all other religions but when you look at the Muslims treatment of Women and anyone who isn't Muslim it is ATROCIOUS v Christianity or anyone else who is "seeking the light".Hurray for the pope and those who wish to stop the leftists for puutting their foot down of the leftists and their ideology trumps all... As I say Barak Obama (Sauron) speaks blames hobbits.... What is the left afraid of?  Exposure... well good then - Expose them!

Brutal truth. Well said!

The ones who had the courage to mingle into the hell called a life around these drug smugglers should be interviewed to see what they know. Just maybe, our new Francis did just that.

just stay away from small boys and their behinds. I can overlook the money laundering and your history!

the devil speaks in many tongues and takes on many forms !

You know Yahoo this home page will be going away.  I don't care what the Pope did or didn't do then.  It wasn't his role then but it is now.  Stop this bad press and give the man and yes a man not God.  A man like Jesus a chance.  You folks are nuts.

who cares... how about concentrate on how this church openly harbor child molesters. The church new slogan should be "Do all you can do with young boys, be a priest"!!

You cann't erase criticism from the earth, including the criticism to the pope. The important thing is please let the pope decides - he will answer it or not.  But the most important thing is the honesty must be number one. Please be honest all the time ...

hail santa....The Argentine Justice has sentenced to life in prison nearly 300 former US lackeys that tried in vain to impose the criminal designs of US Imperialism.One of those murderous puppets was a Roman Catholic Chaplain "Father " Christian Von Wernich , whose "Holly Mision " was to give "Comfort " and the "Word of God" to Tortureres while they did their "job"."Father " Von Wernich is serving life in prison at a Prison for thugs , were he is being sodomized on a daily basis.

wow, far as i knw the priest serve to the people and God, not govern the  government.. they were not responsible or have a rule in military junta, so the people they can not blame to pope if he was not protect the people to his country but the people itself.

Yahoo is relinquishing my right to my faith oriented beliefs who are these devils?

Let us review the article.  Why the media lies not the Pope.  St. Benedict I invoke through your glorious and honorable death to rid us of all the demons on yahoo and in the entire media!

its amazing to me that seemingly reasonable, rational thinking people would keep donating money to the most corrupt, despicable organization in the history of mankind.

Bergoglio, now the new Pope Francis I, has been identified publicly as an allyof Argentines repressive leaders during the dirty war when some 30,000 peoplewere disappeared or killed, many stripped naked, chained together, flown outover the River Plate or the Atlantic Ocean and pushed sausage-like out of planesto drown.The disappeared included women who were pregnant at the time of their arrest.In some bizarre nod to Catholic theology, they were kept alive only long enoughto give birth before they were murdered and their babies were farmed out tomilitary families, including to people directly involved in the murder of thebabies mothers.

Christian von Wernich, who was a former chaplain of the police department inArgentina and also later was convicted of being involved. He was convicted, andhes in jail, in a common jail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure ofBergoglio, hasnt punished him, in canonical terms. He was convicted by thehuman justice, but by the church standards, hes always a priest. And this tellssomething about Bergoglio and the Argentine church also. Christian von Wernich,who was a former chaplain of the police department in Argentina and also laterwas convicted of being involved. He was convicted, and hes in jail, in a commonjail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasnt punishedhim, in canonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but by thechurch standards, hes always a priest. And this tells something about Bergoglioand the Argentine church also.

No surprise here.  The church and the political leaders have been helping each other fleece the stupid masses for thousands of years.

if he was more involved he prop would of been killed that equation equal no pope francis

Since the media is attacking him so much, I am sure he will be a great pope.not all effective resistance is confrontational and even in airplanes you are advised to put your own oxygen on first before helping other= dead you are just no help.

The Catholic, Coptic and Orthodox churches do not lack detractors but have been around thousands of years and will be here long after we are gone. So get over it.Has the Catholic Church done evil ?  Yes, but we should not throw out the baby with the bath water.Next to the government the Catholic Church is the largest provider of schools. hospitals and social services in the US. And I've never heard of them turning away a non-catholic.In many countries they are the biggest provider of these service and one of the biggest single providers of them in the world.Do they believe in self preservation,you bet.They also believe that faith in God must be accompanied by good works and it is hard to do that dead.Don't like their belief, don't be a Catholic, Don't send your kids to Catholic school. Think their money is tainted don't go to their hospitals or their food pantries, need something inexpensive, go to Walmarts they don't need you to keep the doors of their thrift stores open.No one would really cares what you think.

The church believes in evil deeds like killing 100 million christians in the dark ages !!!!  The vatican govt. will do that again someday!!!!!!

"...On Day 2 of the Francis pontificate, the Vatican denounced news reports in Argentina and beyond resurrecting allegations that the former Jorge Mario Bergoglio failed to openly confront the junta responsible for kidnapping and killing thousands of people in a "dirty war" to eliminate leftist opponents..."So what's wrong with eliminating leftists?

LEFTIST MEDIA JUST KNOCK IT OFF AND SHUT UP!

jesus died for our sins....he stood firm in his denounciation of governments and others that mistreated the poor, the feeble, etc.  should a bishop, a preacher, a pastor, a father risk his life to defend his flock, the poor, etc??it strikes me as rather tin eared for Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi and his cornies to go on a rant defending the pope and the church..... where they not the same idiots that defended the previous popes and cardinals against child rape?

Hey Chris,,, Because they are in bed with Obama..

Lev 21, 17-23

Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio, now Pope Francis, has long been dogged byaccusations of his role during Argentinas military dictatorship. We speak toHoracio Verbitsky, a leading Argentine journalist who exposed Francisconnection to the abduction of two Jesuit priests. Verbitsky is an investigativejournalist for the newspaper Pgina/12, or Page/12, and head of the Center forLegal and Social Studies, an Argentine human rights organization.

What was he to do ? + better yet what did those who condemn him do ? " Let it be "It comes as no surprise that the church was in cahoots with the ruling party,regardless of what type or who that power was.  They did the same in Germany when they secretly made a treaty with the nazi regime.  Why?  Just in case hitler would turn out successful in his mad scheme, they wanted to make sure they would still have some sort of position of power.  How sad!!  They will have to answer for all their errors.

let the child rape begin ANEW

Catholics love to give money and support to the pedophiles who molest their children.  They will do anything, say anything, to protect these abusers.

Lighten up, Francis!

How odd, Yahoo news tries to slander the pope based solely on innuendo -- old innuendo at that.  And, if the Vatican has the temerity to defend itself with the truth, it's characterized as being "harsh" and "defensive"; the victim becomes the perpetrator as the Vatican's self-defense is responsible for "giv[ing] the story legs."  Typical narrative strategy for bigots.

he is a human being

Fact:  politicians seldom listen to Catholic Priests of Bishops.  In fact, if a bishop says anything, the politicians threaten to close churches and put them in jail.Look at how the USA politicians ignore the bishops   when the bishops want to NOT pay for contraceptives and abortion in  OBAMAcare.  Yet Obama and the other politicians who love abortions and planned parenthood threaten the bishops with taxes and who knows what else.Yet now, these people want to blame the new pope for not doing more.Politicians have the power to kill you if they want.  they can close churches and put the priests in jail.  Look at China.   Look at Communist Russia in  the 50''s and 60's and 70's and 80's.   Catholics in Poland, Ireland, Mexico, China, Spain etc etc  have been killed and jailed for their faith over the last 100 years.

There is Zionism and then there is Anglo-Saxonism

When I was three years old I didn't know how to add or subtract. does that mean i'm bad with math?

I support gay marriage but I the world isn't ready for a Pope who does.The sexual abuse is a ploy to hide the b lo od of the Jud en camp !!! Literally !This is the CULMINATION OF 221 years of masonic sad istic b l o od dr aining of innocent men women and children !NOW, NOW WE KNOW !!!  This is what they have been trying to hide from us since getting kicked out of Spain.I hereby announce that your game is up zionist masonic jud en !Your pryamid of lies are herby destroyed !ARMY OF GOD COMMENCE ARTILLERY NOW !!!!!!!!

He was convicted, and hes in jail, in a common jail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasnt punished him, in canonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but by the church standards, hes always a priest. And this tells something about Bergoglio and the Argentine church also. Christian von Wernich, who was a former chaplain of the police department in Argentina and also later was convicted of being involved. He was convicted, and hes in jail, in a common jail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasnt punished him, in canonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but by the church standards, hes always a priest. And this tells something about Bergoglio and the Argentine church also.

The Vatican needs to make up the centuries of torture and repression from the past...For them to lash out about half truths and lies is ironic.

Media influences people's thinking and substantially influences results of elections. Even Mrs. Romney voiced our her displeasure. That is why the conclave is a locked in affair. The stoke of the pen causes terrible destruction that goes beyond lawful self-defence.

The funny thing is most Atheists know more about The Bible and the history of religion than Catholics and other Christians. Most Christians have never actually studied The Bible. They just cherry pick Bible verses out of context.

Sexist, protects pedofiles, supported Pinicget and Peron, extreme right fundamentalist.  St. Francis is jumping on his grave because he uses St. Francus to hide the wolf that gecreally is.

God = Money  to  right wingers.

Right Wingers  want to force the world to worship  Mammon.

The new Pope has been implicated by countless witnesses in the interrogation AND TORTURE of Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics. Read erbitskys book, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio.

The U.S. and its agenda to force  Capitalism on the world  is responsible for this.How terrible.  The poor catholic church always does what is right in Gods eyes.

Don't blame the Pope, blame the U.S.

Well, both of them were released, drugged, confused, transported by helicopter to the outskirts of Buenos Aires, were abandoned, asleep by drugs, in very bad condition. They were tortured. They were interrogated. One of the interrogators had externally knowings about theological questions, that induced one of them, Orlando Yorio, to think that their own provincial, Bergoglio, had been involved in this interrogatory.

The war [i.e., the American Civil War of 1861-1865] would never have been possible without the sinister influence of the Jesuits.Abraham Lincoln (1809-1865; 16th President of the United States)My history of the Jesuits is not eloquently written, but it is supported by unquestionable authorities, [and] is very particular and very horrible. Their [the Jesuit Orders] restoration [in 1814 by Pope Pius VII] is indeed a step toward darkness, cruelty, despotism, [and] death.  I do not like the appearance of the Jesuits. If ever there was a body of men who merited eternal damnation on earth and in hell, it is this Society of [Ignatius de] Loyola.John Adams (1735-1826; 2nd President of the United States)

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

pope loves sum young guy hot dog. that i know for sure

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

the pope will be making boy touching legal soon

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.New old fascists for old old fascists.

listen, I don't know the guy. From what I've heard, he is a true believer of his face. I would like to believe anyone who takes a vow of celebacy is a true believer of his faith, regardless on how they twist it to suit their own needs. But this guy truly follows the bible word by word, I don't know how much of the bible he actually follows, but he really knows his scriptures. He already showed symbolic symbols of change inside the vatican and he is an outsider and an unlikely choice. None of us lived in those times, only people from Argentina in that area. He had to place both hero and devil's advocate in that time, not only to survive himself; but to save as many people as he could during that area. Many people did unspeakable things to survive and allowed others to die just because there are some battles you can win and some battles you had to lose and he clearly knew which battles were winnable. Bringing up an old issue that most argentinans have moved on from is irrelevant to the man he is. He did good by his people in that era, before that era, and after that era. I didn't care much for the last pope, but this pope I will be keeping an eye on him, he sounds interesting.

ARGENTINAS FORMER military dictator said he kept the countrys Catholichierarchy informed about his regimes policy of disappearing politicalopponents, and that Catholic leaders offered advice on how to manage thepolicy.Jorge Videla said he had many conversations with Argentinas primate, CardinalRal Francisco Primatesta, about his regimes dirty war against left-wingactivists. He said there were also conversations with other leading bishops fromArgentinas episcopal conference as well as with the countrys papal nuncio atthe time, Pio Laghi.They advised us about the manner in which to deal with the situation, saidVidela in a series of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 butpublished only on Sunday.He said that in certain cases church authorities offered their good officesand undertook to inform families looking for disappeared relatives to desistfrom their searches, but only if they were certain the families would not usethe information to denounce the junta.

Torturing and murdering people who don't buy into their mythology?  Silent consent of evildoers (slavery in the USA, the Holocaust, witch trials).  Horrific crimes involving innocent children.  Yeah, that's the Catholic Church that I've always known.  Seems that the choice of this criminal as their official Clown In A Dress &amp; Hat is highly appropriate and fitting.  If you seek to live a moral life, just look at what the Catholic Church does and then do the exact opposite.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

"Top church leaders had endorsed the junta and some priests even worked alongside torturers inside secret prisons. Just like the church back in the days of The Inquisitions...Look how these freaks still dress. Get real people!

It's true that Bergoglio might have been killed for speaking up. It is also true that he now is styled Christ's vicar on earth. Jeshua ben Josef was also in a situation where he might have been killed if he spoke out against abuses and tyranny. I wonder what the world would be like today had he chosen to work quietly behind the scenes and told his followers to avoid situations where the government might take action against them. Somehow, I doubt he would have needed a vicar on earth had he chosen that route.SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

So, you Catholics- You elect a guy; put him in charge of protecting the church, the children of the world, and human rights in general, and come to find out- he assisted in mass baby theft (human trafficking), assisted in covering up extreme human rights violations, and abandoned two of his colleagues; leaving them to be tortured in a dictators prison? Wow, and I thought it couldn't get any worse than electing a former Nazi. Ha, I was wrong.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

the movie with Anthony Quin was the shoes of the fishermen, 1968

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

it is about time God dumped the media into a black hole and Pope Francis is the man for the job!

there was a movie years ago, I don't recall the title, with Anthony Quin, where he played a newly elected pope who decided to take the church's funds to feed and take care of the poor.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

The Pope and the Vatican have for hundreds of years interfered with politics if it suits the catholic faith, they don,t care about other beliefs and never will so why should anybody listen to them ?

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

If you dig deep you will find that it is the Jews and Western feminists behind the mud-slinging.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else."Top church leaders had endorsed the junta and some priests even worked alongside torturers inside secret prisons." This says all you need to know about this guy.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadOfCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

SpreadofCapitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

Capitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

Capitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

Capitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.Capitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

Spread of Capitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

To the Vatican if the truth hurts get a pope that is squeeky clean as this pope certainly is not as his own words prove, a pope is only supposed to relate to matters of religion and he interfered in politics before and will do so again.Also remind the pope that the Falkand Islands are British and the population there have stated that they wish to remain British.

Capitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

Demons.... working hard to destroy anything wholesome, but vote yes to gay marriage. A marriage that will NEVER produce children and only serve to add more negative to a world that is crying for help.

If you dont STAND for something you will FALL for anything!!!

Capitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

Capitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

Capitalism = Tyranny everywhere else.

rightwing dictator pushed on Argentinians by the U.S. in order to spread Capitalism.right wing dictator supported by U.S. Capitalists.

Should the church be a moral compass for the people no matter what the consequences are?

Old news. The collusion between this fraud and the Junta was covered by Mother Jones Magazine more than 20 years ago. It was true then, it is true now, and it is time for the baby #$%$ church to take it on the chin.

The truth always comes to light. This "Italian" - non mestizo, non hispanic, non latino Pope is a right wing mouth piece.

The right wing dictator was  a U.S. puppet to push capitalism.

The dictator was supported by the U.S.  because he was a capitalist.

i don't trust anything these disgusting pedophile protecting priests, cardinals, bishops, and popes say or do. the catholic church was founded on oppression and corruption. that is its history. these dictators have nothing to do with jesus. they are all about fear. i'm with george carlin-R.I.P.

It is a blessing for him to assert on his faith. This is the only way to preach to the iniquity and amend their lives.Luke 169 And I ( Jesus) say unto you, Make you friends with the riches of iniquity, that when ye shall want, they may receive you into everlasting habitations.10 He that is faithful in the least, he is also faithful in much; and he that is unjust in the least, is unjust also in much.

Meanings and beliefs are for the unevolved.

The coward hiding behind the cloak while thousands were being murdered! Kind of like when the Church was behind the thousands and thousands murdered during the inquisition, and the Pope who consorted with the #$%$ ( not to mention the Church's coverup of priests having sex with children).And how many are blinded by the Church while showing great disregard and disrespect for the Word of "God"  in the Bible!! More money and political bull for those who choose to be the ignorant masses.Here we see again that if you don't go down and dirty with the left and do things their way they will dirty you up as best as they can with no concern for truth or anything else.

Well, that didn't last very long...What will tomorrow's news bring?  Jesuits have much to be ashamed of and keep hidden.

Even the Pope was not spared by demons. How lamentable.

I don't think anybody had the guts to face the Argintina Dictator 1976-83

#$%$ the pope!

So a fascist friendly P O S successes another pedophil protecting Nazi. Nothing new in 1700 years.

So the world has a new man in 'clothing running the catholic church. Somebody please tell him about abortion and over population!!!

Everyone wants a separation of church and government but when the government done wrong it is the church's fault but when the government demand something form the church, the church has done nothing enough to abide by the citizens' demands.Think about this, " If an organization has done wrong and no matter what they do to right the wrong when will public opinion be sway?".  Catholics now have a major wrong because their leaders but for this pope does not have to have to hold onto a wrong created by a government when it was entirely wrong. Whoever was there during the revolution what did they do, did they plant their foot down against their government or did they just hide and wait for someone else to blame.No one is responsible for anyone else but yourself. I want all all this #$%$ to take a step up and literally fight for your rights, I want to see these damn fools die in the middle street for not only their rights but that of their fellow countryman. I have the balls to say so because I have seen not only in my own country but for the one I now I fighting for...SO GO TO HELL WHOEVER SIT THERE AND #$%$,,,,

The media played a large role in getting a leftist administration voted into the highest office of American government. The Vatican wouldn't put up with that in Rome. Good for the Catholics.

the pope is going to clean up latin america ha hahagive the guy a break, he's only been a pope for 2 days and they are already digging out the skeletons from his closet, starting at age 12.

Accused Criminal becomes first Jesuit Pope  Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio, tainted with Dirty War allegations, new Pontiff of Rome Posted on March 13, 2013 by itccsA suspected criminal has been rapidly elected as the new Pontiff of the Church of Rome in a record two day conclave, being the first Jesuit in history to head the papacy.Former Cardinal and Pope-elect "Francis I", Jorge Mario Bergoglio, is accused of helping kidnap opponents of Argentina's military junta during the 1970's "Dirty War", and of baby trafficking, by lawyers and members of the Plaza de Mayo human rights group. (Los Angeles Times, April 17, 2005, "Argentine Cardinal Named in Kidnapping Lawsuit".Besides his personal alleged criminality, Bergoglio  as a Jesuit  represents the group most responsible for the centuries-old Crimes against Humanity and Genocide for which the Jesuit Superior General was found guilty on February 25, along with Joseph Ratzinger and other Vatican officials.The Jesuit Order established the murderous Indian residential school system in North America during the mid 19th century, and has led the destruction and killing of millions of non-Catholics around the world since its inception in the mid 16th century.Under a secret oath administered to every member, the Jesuits are authorized and encouraged to kill, torture or overthrow any opponent of the Vatican and the Pope.These facts, the Argentine allegations, and his complicity in the global conspiracy against children enunciated in the canon law Crimen Sollicitationas, makes the new Pope particularly liable for immediate arrest and sentencing under international law and the Common Law Court verdict of February 25, 2013.The ITCCS understands that Jorge Mario Bergoglio's election was a quick and uncontested arrangement, as evident in its rapidity: in less than two days, a record for papal elections.Bergoglio's election makes the guilt of the Vatican and its highest officials for Crimes against Humanity all that more severe. The new Pope, as the head fiduciary officer of the Vatican, Inc., assumes that guilt and liability.Bergoglio is therefore subject to immediate arrest under the terms of the Common Law Court ORDER of March 5, 2013, issued by the International Common Law Court of Justice under the authority of jus gentium, the Law of Nations, and the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.Accordingly, an application has been made by our Tribunal to these courts for an International Citizens Arrest Warrant, to be issued against the new Roman Pontiff, Jorge Mario Bergoglio  Pope Francis I, for Crimes against Humanity and involvement in a global criminal conspiracy based in Rome.The ITCCS will soon be issuing more background evidence on the genocidal purpose and actions of the Jesuit Order in relation to the ongoing crimes we have documented; and of the evidence of Bergoglio's suspected crimes in Argentina.Issued 13 March, 2013ITCCS Central, Brusselsitccs[dot]org

What a joke,, organized religion always has been, always will be. Its the weak minded that it prays upon,, mormons are the weakst  minded,

Perhaps the Argentine church and the bishop were intimidated and did all they could do.  On the other hand, allegations of deep church complicity in the predations of the junta are not far-fetched.  The role of a right-wing, worldly ecclesiastical establishment and one of its leading figures in the activities of a right-wing military tyranny bears substantial investigation.

What else do you expect from the folks that steal from the poor and rape their kids!

Jorge Mario is beginning to trip over his vfeet just yesterday he nearely fell,,,,this is a sure fire sign of short longevity in an old geezer...............................Mario appears to have been a gangster..........just to think after all that praying they come up with a devil

I certainly don't want to offend anyone. Everyone has a right to believe as they wish. This is, of course, unless their beliefs cause them to commit acts of violence or child molestation, etc. I'm just wondering about the people complaining that the media is being harsh. What if the media said nothing about him. Would he have as much power to persuade? The church needs the media. It's a symbiotic relationship. If it weren't for the media he'd not have such a large platform to spread good. As much as there is bad in the church... there is good. Catholics are good to the poor and less fortunate.

Open Letter to Yahoo,,,,,,I want a Gold Ribbon,you seem to favor whites only for the ribbon spread it around a lil crackers

Look what communist propaganda has done to the reputation of Pius XII! They have tried to tarnish the reputation of many popes John Paul II and Benedict XVI!

I'd say I might act a certain way under those circumstances, but if "I" actually had a gun to my head it might be different. Sounds like he's been tried by fire like John Paul 2, perfect man for the job.I'm glad Yahoo is starting to delete comments from people.  I have been looking into other sources for my news.  Too many trolls.

The pope during WWII kept his mouth shut while hilter murdered 6 million jews. Why is this any different.

The catholic church is a fairy tale producing factory, working 24-7 to spread mytholgy. Reminds me of the movie Wizard of Oz, where a old frail white man was standing behind the curtains pulling the strings. I remeber something that Judge Judy said, she said that if it don't make any sense, its probably not true. The catholic church is the most nonessential organisation in existence

they should have resurrected Mother Theresa and elected her.   oh wait, they're saying mean things about her.....

The plastic squar boat at nh laf st navy store -The strong not heavy and if they all have bike gears and propeler and 12 volt alternator or acdc generator then we start the boat up to make electricity off the grid and camping tools and scoter car like golf cart -Maybe a china scoter taken apart and lawn mower tires in on front light clip on a pole and take off and rear ? In the wide size of the boat but behind it and in front -With scoter blinkers and light and generator from scoter gas moter

Plzzzz love one's hold your grudges.But pray for good,peace &amp; unity...

Francis ! Francis ! Evita ! Evita ! Don't Cry for Me, Argentina.

How would u all like a square smal boat at the maire store with car wheels so u can drive it into the water and maybe a electric generator with a scoter moter and bike gears ?  7 trill dolars

Tom Leykis is back

What? Horacio Verbitzky, an investigative journalist and leftist militant in the 1970s, accuses???.Oh!! come on. This man was and still is a terrorist "montonero" who lived underground during those years because of his acts. Hes too far of being a investigative journalist or just a leftist militant.This criminal does not deserve even a fair trial as many other ex-terrorists that are part of the actual govern, for their crimes against humanity during the '70.I am praying for the new pope, because I know that he is a good person.

Pope Francis seems to be a very humble person.  He appears to a "down to earth" person.   The liberal media could even find fault with God himself.  Watch very carefully, as Pope Francis will turn out to be one of the most effective and popular popes in our time.  He will be as highly reguarded like John Paul II.

The Jesuits are running the Illuminati, aka, The Family, and are obviously luciferian satanists. This pope, also being a Jesuit, is also a known pedophile as well, and the allegations with violence are nothing new with the Vatican. The facts are clear. They can lash out all they want. The truth is the truth, period. They are GUILTY 100 percent. Jesus Christ warned of this clearly.

The AP editorializes in article that is suppose to a news report. "the church acts defensivly" That leftist writer from 70's is still a leftist. What about the churches role in bringing down communism in eastern europe. Oh that is right the AP are leftists.  Does the AP demand apology from muslims for their human rights abuses. Hang in there Pope Francis the more attacks from the left the more you are the right man for job.

What do they want the Pope to sling an M-16 over his shoulder and stand up against dictators?  The Lord is not about Violence, so take the accusations against this fine servant of Christ somewhere else.  The people who did the murder are held responsible, not the new Pope. And so why aren't they attacking Retired Pope Benedict? It was under his watch, and the Archbishop Bergoglio certainly was under his Pontification.

you always have to watch that first step lol

this guy must be holy!  just look at the stupid crown he wears!!  of all the kookie religions, catholicism has to take the cake....

You got one lung so u can sneak up on people and use less air ? Then be a comando like rambo - because of obama who u know was the president of gilet razor co and hawai ;Saying with news to make guns hard to get so we dont kill him and he gets an escourt with police after electtion to make as a bulliey my rts less because he was afermitive action pretty -So the news saying he ever was i order them to get blown up and he gone the end of it - read my japan grl arcitect new fishing boat designe brain adams it cuts like a knife her personal mail messages -so where i cum from the enginer is president not the model and hes a fuel poacher and anarckist for welfare

So the liberal leftist communist hack smear campaign has begun.

Ohhhhh well.  should have not been involved with all these secrets..haha  I don't think God intended them to hide (s)(h)(i)(t) about banks, mafia and predators....(a)(s)(s)(h)(o)(l)(e)(s)!It's not new for the RCC  . . . they supported Hitler!

It's a smear piece that lacks substance, typical mainstream yellow press.

I like the new-elected Pope ( Francis)... he is humble,down to earth,leading a simple-live like Jesus did...( what he did (Francis) wasn't an act AT ALL !!!)...THAT WAS HIM !!!He is a perfect model for what Christian should be ...Look at his body language ...straight forward !!! and not like XXXVI ( Ratzzinger) before him where he look at you up-ward through his eye-brows...I wish the ALMIGHTY GOD to give him the strength,and the wisdom to do the right things...fore he is beyond temptation !!! AMEN...I hope he sends a clear message to those who milk Christianity for their own comfort of material things ( Mansions,Private-jets,fancy-clothes,Exotic-cars,Rolex-watches...ETC...)...Some preachers even claim that THE ALMIGHTY GOD wants you to be rich !!! BUT !!!In the Holy-Bible ,you don't see,or read Jesue saying HOW TO GET RICH...The only thing Jesus had during his life on earth WAS THE CLOTHES ON HIS BACK !!!HUMBLE,SIMPLICITY,HONESTY,AND DEVOTION TO THE ALMIGHTY GOD ...May THE ALMIGHTY GOD blesses your heart...AMEN...

With 98% of the worlds Catholics living in 3rd world countries and starving to death, who really cares about this? Wait, the last 47 Pope's changed that...

Snooze news

He is accused because he allegedly "withdrew support" for two activist priests involved with the resistance movement. But he was not a bishop at the time. And his support, or even that of the archbishop at the time, was not a "magic cloak" that would have prevented the military from arresting, torturing and/or killing those two guys. So the charge is absurd, fabricated only with the purpose of attacking the church. Instead, there is testimony and other evidence that he actively sought their freedom, and they were freed, for goodness sake! But of course, thats not enough for some.

Blame the Leftist Liberal atheist.

Wicked earth, and blind ! The Lord saith unto ye! Who are ye that ye shalt condemn another! Let him that is free of sin cast the first stone! Ye are full of your father the devil! He wast a liar from creation, and unto this day, continues to be! Go! And learn what this means, I wouldst have mercy and not judgement! Are ye the Judge? I trow not! Hold thy peace, and come out of the world's people in darkness now! Ye devils!

New clothes same dirt... never changes

The vatican is the beast!!!!! The mark of the beast is sunday worship!!!  revelation 14Went from one Nazi Pope, to another

What a idiot people like if he was superman to fight the dictatorship and I bet this same people that critizice him didn`t do nothing either because they were cower against the military. to bad Bergolio superman didn`t help what a idiot people they always have to find something bad about the people who raise is pure envy. leftists idiots.

Leave the guy alone!  He's just got there.  Let him get settled in before attacking him.  What has he done that is so offensive that it is necessary to jump down on him before he even gets settled?  Let him get situated then attack.  You are giving away your prejudices!

So he helped a few murderous dictators? So what?The catholic church has a long, sordid history of doing that.

@DE:  And we know what the government did to  H i m!.  Nor are dictators and despots loathto rid themselves permanently of meddlesome priests.

I have nothing against this man from Argentina. That is what he is, who happens to believe in God. Have your rituals if you may. It does not offend me one way othe other. It will not affect my pathway to God. Christians do not have to ask for forgiveness from God through another human being, That's all I'm saying, maye\be!!!

OK, let's pretend for a minute you're over there during a brutal dictatorship.  You're disarmed, along with the rest of the people.  If you speak up, you will die along with the entire village you're in and along with any relatives you may have within the country.  Want to speak up?

yahoo secret click on my name.

People who travel in glass houses...........!

I tell you anti-pope step down now !Todays Catholic World, has full story.He must hate it when his pumps get caught-up in his gown.

Can you hear it ? The loud almost deafening sound of the bass drums beating BOOM ! BOOM ! da da BOOM ! sounding loudly in the heavenly theater. Again !AND THE SAINTS COME MARCHING IN !!!And down tumbles the communist masonic  pryamid of lies one by one by one !!Full sto ry on the take back of our HOLY ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH  on line.TODAYS CATHOLIC WORLD.Fight Christian Soldiers Fight like you have never fought before !

And this is worthy of news............Why? The mainstean media is desperatly trying to get somethimg on this guy. This is what they have? Really? Seriously? Media people&gt;&gt; why are you sooooo hateful?

Apostate vatican ii criticize all you want ! I will not stop fighting to take our Church back until they pry the Holy Cross of Jesus out of my cold dead fingers !!Step down apostate anti-pope and all of you communist masonic secret operatives ! Get out of my Church, if you don't preach the True Magisterium, OUT you go !True Catholic's for full sto ry onl ine. TODAYS CATHOLIC WORLD.

wow i can't get over how ignorant some of these comments are.

why,why  .they would have fared better had vored for one of those africans.............jorge is a Dago not a spick

is this pope a socialist ???????????????????????/

Jorge is an old criminal....................so much for their doctrine of infallibility,,,,,,,,,,,the Drag Queens pulled two duds in tandem benedect and jorge,,,,,,,,,,,,,lol,lol,lmfaooooooooooooooo

just a man in a white dress.......F him.

are.those.Armani.shoes?OK, now we are back to more of the same.  It has to be the media's fault it can't be the Vatican has anything to do with it.

Murder, kidnaping, pedophilia, harboring criminals are all in a clerics days work

I mean, first they have a former Hitler Youth as pope, and now this!

The Vatican has a great deal of nerve lashing out at anyone after the international-scale child molestation covered up by their last choice, who served the #$%$ admittedly.  Instead of choosing a Brazilian, the largest Catholic nation, from whom there has never been a Pope, or even a Portuguese-speaking Pope, they choose another fascist colluder, and one who also sent people to their deaths, then covered it up.  So where do they get off with acting like no one has place to criticize.  But then, ALL churches have blood on their hands, and skeleltons in their closets, except maybe the Jains.

sorry..i don't really care about the pope and feel he doesn't represent a place in modern society.

Why are most of the critics either atheist or Jewish?

This Poop is a dirty freak, just like ALL the others. Death to Catholics and their bizarre cult!

The South Americans wanted a SA Pope, they get a SA Pope, they immidiately start in vilifying him.  Argentina, is that not where the #$%$ went to hideout after WW2 with the money they stole.

left wing media, anti-clerical...boo-hoo -  pedophilia Incorporated's feelings are bruised.

GOD Save The PopeCheck your history,the Catholic Church has a record of death and repression for hundreds of years,

The devil has found a home with the left, liberal, progressives all over the world.

i like the devil myself...better weed and the biotches are HOT...

Anarchy in the Vatican. Bwaaaaaaaahaaaaaaahaahhahahhahahaha!

He is a Jesuit and the Jesuits do have a history of genocide, especially in South America. He is what he is and he should not expect anything but good people questioning his personal history. If he has anything to hide, it will see the light of day.

Just another dude, nothing to see here.....what ever happened to not worshiping false idols?

priests even worked alongside torturers inside secret prisons. OH REALLY, SOUNDS LIKE THE CATHOLIC CHURCH STILL OKAY'S TORTURE METHODS USED DURING THE GOOD OLD DAYS OF THEIR DARK AGES INQUISITION.

He will have to stand before his god and answer for his inaction. But hey, he's a step up from the Hitler youth guy.

There is always a hater....

The Vicious TRI-Cycle.....of Abrahamic Religions = The Victim-Perpetrator Collusion.bunch of child molesters, keep up the great work, #$%$

Media is a propagana machine............Never accurate in reporting ... And alway used in coverups....

"...Bergoglio washed the feet of 12 AIDS patients in a local hospital. The next year he washed the feet of 12 prison inmates. He has done the same thing every year since..."DID OTHER PRIESTS/POPES DO THE SAME? God bless this super pope.

Good looks like Vatican is waking up , no more opportunist  attitude . Is time for the men of faith to stand up against the ungodly . I hope that Catholic Church keeps the same attitude in other mater as well

put the pope on a rope, convert the vatican into a 5 star hotel, and tell the people to grow up, quit worshiping non-existent beings, and realize that YOU are in control of your life...

You are either with the pope or you are for the media and the devil.

As our Lord Jesus Christ did tell us, "If you are not with me, you are against me..." Our new Pope Francis is such a goood man. Id like to see these 'reporters' compare their lives track records with Pope Francis. Or maybe they could attend 'church' once in a while, or open up their Bible for 5 minutes.......

God bless Pope Francis!

Look at that fire place mantle!!!  Jesus would be so happy to see this, especially since he didn't even have a pillow to lay his head.  But then again Jesus wasn't all that interested in this world, unlike the money - grubbing Catholic church....

The Vatican should be more forgiving to those who accuse the Pope instead of counter attacking Pope Francis' accuser. It should just stay silent. It shows the Vatican is still utilizing the Old Testament Doctrine "A tooth for a tooth" which is in the Old Law. As Christians, we are not under the Old Law but under Grace. Simply because Jesus Himself would do the act of being humble in the face of accusation like what happened in His mock trial. Catholic Church should transcend beyond religiousity and become more spiritual. The Vatican is exposing it true form of being like the present  Pharisees, Sadducees and Scribes of the Old Testament. Plenty of religiousity but poor in spirituality. Look at their clothes, their titles and their crimes. Jesus was simply called Jesus, not bishop, nor cardinal and not even as pope wearing nice clothes like the present clerics. Looking good outwardly but rotten inside. This was what Jesus was very much against and as a result He was crucified by the religious leaders.If Jesus could come down from heaven, He could have lambasted these religious clerics.The Catholic church is not suffering, it is standing on solid ground.  There are 7 billion humans on earth, of which 1+ billion are Catholics, 1 billion are Chinese, and 300 million are Americans.The new Pope does not have to be "a showman and salesman for the Catholic faith."  The head of 1+ billion Catholics, does not have to be an entertainer.Neither bozo (barack hussein obama) nor select American Catholics opposed to Catholic dictum, will be able to dictate policies to the Vatican regarding homosexuals, women as priests, open door policy to homosexuals, contraceptives, abortion, nor marrying homosexuals to the new Catholic Pope Francis.  That is not going to happen.With 1+ billion Catholics around the world, the primary duty of the new Pope will continue to be to promote and defend Catholic dictum, rules and regulations, no homosexuals, and no same sex marriage.And yes the new Pope Francis will have to deal with the world problem of Catholic homosexual pedophile priests.

In Argentina everyone knows that the campaign against Francisco I is led by former terrorist who killed people left and right in the 1970s. They have no evidence, and it is well known that the accussations are fabricated. It is led by the same people who deeply hate the US.

Praise Be To GOD

Worst job of vetting since the McCain camp forgot to ask Palin anything ... ANYTHING ... about foreign policy before naming her the running mate to the old geezer.  In 115 cardinals, could they not find even one with no skeletons  under his cassock?  Too bad Stan Musial  died.  Jus' saying.

Not sure what the big deal with this sect is.  Bunch of old farts with robes...crosses...little weird hats and what not.  I'll worship my Bud Light thanks

This is one of the few GOOD NEWS stories of the last few years. Why would some knuckleheads question the heart of someone who gives his life to Christ? One day everyone will meet their maker...whether believer, agnostic or atheist. God bless all the children of God.

Wow, ties to the junta, they throw people from planes out to the ocean !

Pretty ridiculous how non spiritual people judge a Man of God. What would they know? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING...

The devil star attaquing, but we as a church member we have to be strong, and Don't pay attention what evil people said.

sorry I should type don't believed oops !The  homosexuals, jews and their minions are lashing out against this pope. I guess he threatens their interpretation of the world. Too bad.

If Pope Francis wants to help the poor, I suggest he order each and every gold candle holder be removed from every altar, melted down and sold on the open god market. Jesus NEVER said Mass in front of a bunch of solid gold candle holders. I'm talking billions of dollars worldwide.

Benedict is blamed for being a nazi.....after all, at 9 yrs old he was conscripted into the Hitler youth....but of course, all the atheists on this board would have handled it differently at 9 yrs old under a dictatorship

There once was a jew from peru,He was the cheapest tort in the room.He was tighter than a nun and pinched pennies for fun;Now, he always likes to sue.

What a stinkhole of rotting corpses the catholic church is. The blood and terrified screams of millions of innocents are on the hands of the church. Pedophilia by the priests is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the horrors committed by this group of murderers.

priests are terrible people

I am not a Member of that Church so it is definetly not any of my concern or business

sham on youll for bring up bad things to say about our new pope..you let news people run everything and talk about everyone they or so rootten new people..dont believe a thing they say.

He believes in helping the poor not like the Republicans of the U.S unless it's an over seasfamily.

The secular media will stop at nothing to discredit morality by making moral people appear to be more immoral than their agenda.Good thing they didn't elect a pope from Nigeria else there would be a holy war going on now.....lol

What can expected from the miscreant leftist propaganda machine...the devil's brood at work to discredit anything that doesn't agree with their crooked view of the world.  Christ is my savior not the pope, but the pope is the leader of our faith on earth.

the journalists that represent the  media or wrote this  article are obviously reporting the dirt they could dig out instead the beauty of this representative of  Jesus in earth. This show their lack of respect and the ignorance of what is to live in tyrany. The catholic Church has helped in all our SouthAmerican, Europe, India, Africa to protect people. they helped in Argentina too to protect many.  I just wonder how long will take for them to be judged too. The left that talk bad of the Catholic Church, God, Jesus  are just Devil advocates. They just not see it like that but they are falling down into the pit by their own will.  That it is what is sad.

The Vatican is lashing out at critics? Whatever happened to "turn the other cheek"?  What a bunch of #$%$ hypocrites!

Since everyone in the media, and most of those here, seem to think  themselves beyond reproach and able to look down on all, ask yourself what would you have done in a war ravaged slum to benefit your faithfull. Scream and be imprisoned, or lay low and help as many as you can. And if all of you are so righteous, explain to me how the world is not.Try to do something constructive instead of jumping on the deformation bandwagon.

To Winfield and Warren who tried to write an article on a subject they no nothing about is  not jounalism today.  Just who do you think the original Jesuits were? A group of jolly guys in monk garb?  Do some research.  You want them to confront and verbally chastise the Junta?  And you use the world "honeymoon" like that is an attention grabber and then call him humble for wearing his old shoes.  I call that smart and being comfortable.

The false accussations are orchestrated by a journalist, and former intelligence leader of a terrorist group named Montoneros (his name is Vertbisky). They were putting bombs and killing people even before the military coup of 1976. They are extreme left wingers who hate the US and despise moderates. They have no a shred of evidence. This is not new.

Bergoglio was smart enough to work behind the scenes during the Dirty War, and the Vatican would be wise to follow his lead and not make a bad situation worse.

now sinners can say they are clean as a popes sheets.

I can't figure out why humans choose to celebrate the worst of humanity.Dude that pic of the pope reminds me of the Movie Clash of the Ttans! where Zeus shouted  (RELEASE THE KRACKEN!)

so the left attack the left............WHY PEOPLE ATTACK YOUR OWN...YOU SHOULD BE GRATEFUL HAVING A LEFT LEANING POPE.........MAN PEOPLE YOUR ASKING TOO MUCH FOR ONE PERSON..........HE IS NOT GOD...

STONE THE NEW POPE!"The line between good and evil gets more blurred and confusing, just like I always planned"The Evil One (you know who he is)Illinois, where only the Gangs have guns, and that is how the Madigans are going to keep it!  It works so well.

The Church is the longest-standing, most corrupt, deceitful organization in recorded history.  Jesus was a man, with a family and a huge heart for the sick, poor and disenfranchised.  How dare this lie be perpetuated for a couple thousand years to line the pockets of greedy men who call themselves holy?  Guilt-tripping cash-strapped people into believing they owe the Church a tithe, when they themselves are as poor as whom they are supposedly contributing to, all the while having tax exempt status but a heavy hand in political lobbying and influence.  If I believed in hell, I would damn every single one of them there.

Thats cause the medias SOUL puprpose is to spread the negative plague

same ole bs from the religious haters.  dont care what you believe no matter how brainwashed--- gutless those that will not mock the koran or the bible---how many xristian homicide killers are there to be afraid of????????????????Then there is the a-thiest (sic) like josef, mao, lenin, pol pot and the anarchists responsible for killing more in 50 years than the last 2000 years ANNO DOMINAE.  WHO CARES YOU BRAINLESS PINHEADS!!! TOO BAD YOU CAN'T ACCOMPLISH ANYTHING NEAR FATHER DAMIEN AND ROBERT LEWIS STEVENSON (DEAN OF TRINITY COLLEGE DUBLIN), MOTHER TERESA, DALI LAMA, THOSE RUNNING ST ANTHONY'S KITCHEN, GLIDE MEM CHURCH OR THE "COMMON MAN".  GET A LIFE!!!

Pope Francis you are in my prayers! God bless you in your new position in Rome! Only God knows a mans heart. The new pope has proven by his previous acts of kindness and humility where his heart is!

Jorge Mario Bergoglio, the former Archbishop of Buenos Aires who was elected Pope by the papal conclave on Wednesday, was intimately involved in Operation Condors Dirty War in South America.A product of Chiles DINA secret police and five other national security states in Latin America  Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay  Operation Condor was an intelligence operation designed to monitor, assassinate and disappear leftist dissidents who threatened the bankster economic operation underway in South America.

I feel in my heart that pope francis 1 is the very hand of god as the same with blessed john paul 11 and blessed john xx111 i see alot of john paul 11 and john x111 we know that god alwasys raises holy and saintly men with god all is possabile. god has heard the prayers of his children. we must pray allways for this men, there is no dought that there is something very special about him. in time we will see the same specialness that we saw in john paul11. we must keep our eyes on jesus and mary all ill be ok be not afraid.   amen

Dear Nicole and Michael, your partial report does not change a bit the happiness and faith from us the true Catholics!! To the contrary, it challenges us to pray even more and to get more prepared for your attacks to us... the church. As the New Pope asked us, we will pray for you, for your family and for your conversion that is apparently much needed!!. Start using your beautiful given talents given by God to you...  to disseminate love, charity and the real understanding of God message, look at yourself in the mirror, and think what have you done today to help others, act proactive!!, please stop writing news against those that are announcing the true peace and true salvation for our world. God Bless you Nicole!! We will pray for your true conversion and soul!! You better watch out... now, we the true Catholics are ready to defend our faith!!! And maybe you want to read and listen to who we follow... Jesus!!! Just remember a true catholic will make a prayer for you and your family today!! God bless you! If you start feeling the grace on your heart, start announcing the good news!!That dude wears a dress. Trany!

Our communities are under siege, and its not because of guns. Its because of decades of Machine-controlled Democrat policies that leave our children without hope for a future or a job. Its because the Machine-controlled Democrat policies undermine our family values and the institutions like the church that keep our youth on the straight and narrow.We are kidding ourselves if we think disarming law-abiding citizens will prevent the urban slaughter that is happening on our streets.   Paul McKinley Illinois Republican candidate for CongressIllinois, where only the Gangs have guns, and the Madigans are going to keep it that way!   Its working so well.

"I take comfort in knowing that whenever bitter souls delve deeply into The Catechism for 'dirt' on The Church, they come away as our most fervent Catholic converts." ~ Kevin Burtyk

the new despot francis appears to be very manly, with adequate meatstuffs for the satisfaction of catholic woman or boy. the people of my advanced nation extend our good wishes for his sexiness and good success

It's a shame the Associated Press can't find something positive to report on during such a historical an positive time.

I find this pope a humble man of god he has proven more in 2 days about what type of person he is, The media needs to crawl back into there garbage can and stop and look at thereselfs they spread more hate lies and deceit. I am not a person of god but this pope a leading excample of what everyone should follow. Humilty will go a long ways into bettering are selfs.

How dare you lash out VATICAN. Put your lashes away and have forgiveness like you're supposed to. The more you lash out just shows you are covering things up.

Esquivel the Nobel Laureate captures the picture best. In some situations, wise leaders speak in silence. If all there is to human rights activism is shout at all times, then, it may well be true that some good cause could be lost for lack of wisdom. The Bible teaches us to be as gentle as a dove and as wise (I dare say wiser than) the serpent. whatever could not be done under the junta could not and it is wasteful to recall that painful past save for a smear campaign.

If you don't like Catholics keep your mouth shut. If you think you are any better of a person, why don't you dig up your own past and judge your past errors. The media is filled with dualist hypocrites.

Wow, with this sort of questionable history and so many decent (well, let's be honest with some serious background inquiries) the Catholic Church sure picked a winner!  I am appalled....this absolutely should have been seriously looked into before he was appointed.  Not something to be ignored.stop attacking others papa francis and maybe you will not be attacked

So just about every leftist commentator and his enablers in the media criticize Bergoglio for "not doing enough" during the time of the Junta. Well, when will these same commentators and their enablers criticize the bishops in Venezuela for not opposing the clown that just died? Or for not opposing the clown that currently rules Ecuador and has been subverting the rule of law under everyone's radar? (It never fails to amaze me how the media say nary a thing about leftist rulers who change the Constitutions of their countries in order to perpetuate themselves in power. How about the Kirchners in Argentina?)

Sell the ring to feed the poor and compensate all the priest/nun abused children

there is no god you idiots

less religion and more Kim and Kanye.......good luck america

So basically....no has has any actual evidence, nothing at all they can prove....just a bunch of hateful accusations. Nothing new here, move along.

I don't even watch or listen to the news anymore.  Why waste my time on something I don't believe, I can't trust, and that is utterly negative and increasingly boring?

I'm just glad we didn't get a black pope.   We don't need one of those boys in the Vatican ruining the church the way the boy in the White House ruined the US.

Christians the biggist crime family.

Communists are atheists, socialists are atheists, all left-wingers are atheists, why then should they worry about what Any Church does or thinks?  It is because those churches do not support their propaganda scheme.  That left-wing is not talking about human rights, it's just money talk.pope will not last long in his thrown ... with 1 lung...

This Pope needs to get used to being held accountable in the Church's behavior on our God's green Earth. We are not going away.

Blah Blah Blah. Face it if this is the best the church has to offer we would be better off as Mormons. Can't the Catholic Church find someone who is not a Fascist? How about they pick a Unitarian minister?

you all ought to hope real hard that these christians continue turning the other cheek....as long as they do, your tiny...and i mean TINY...minority will remain safe.

Unfortunatly the Pope has a chain like Marleys Ghost, it will go with him everwhere.  You cant be free of 30,000 people, who suffered under the terrible political scourge, and come out smelling like roses.

all these wimps pick on christians cuz they know they wont fight back....why doesnt yahoo and the media focus on a muslim high priest?  cuz the media, and a majority of the folks posting here, are weasels and wimps......and obviously insecure and weak minded.

WHAT A SHAME - You worthless media, cannot dent a good and Holy Man.  You are only exposing what you are.

Why not then, why now. We are not even looking for those who crucified Jesus because its past history. How could you defend yourself when it was 30 years ago. People moved on in their lives.

The left wing media is a liberal mouth piece of a non Christian US President. Period. He is a Muslim and when all is said and done we will look back at these days like we do of the "Dark Ages" in Europe centuries ago. He and his lap dogs can not survive a re-emergence of Christianity, pure and simple. It goes against everything he is trying to do, which is to socialize this nation and push other European nations further into a socialist agenda. Spread the wealth. Big government can't survive without big programs which all Conservative and Libertarians believe will kill the U.S. as we know it. The "U.S. Constitution" and the "Bill of Rights" are the two greatest documents ever written. They are profusely anti-big government and born from freedom and liberation not from constraints on freedoms. They profess lase-fare economics, for those of you who need a refresher course that means "Little or no government interference in business or it's economic affairs. This is what made this country great and the envy of the world. Every country that has gone down the path of socoalism and worse yet communism has been a failure of mammoth proportions.

"by anti-clerical left-wing elements to attack the church. They must be firmly rejected." - ROFL, whatever you say Master!ARGENTINAS FORMER military dictator said he kept the countrys Catholichierarchy informed about his regimes policy of disappearing politicalopponents, and that Catholic leaders offered advice on how to manage thepolicy.Jorge Videla said he had many conversations with Argentinas primate, CardinalRal Francisco Primatesta, about his regimes dirty war against left-wingactivists. He said there were also conversations with other leading bishops fromArgentinas episcopal conference as well as with the countrys papal nuncio atthe time, Pio Laghi.They advised us about the manner in which to deal with the situation, saidVidela in a series of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 butpublished only on Sunday.He said that in certain cases church authorities offered their good officesand undertook to inform families looking for disappeared relatives to desistfrom their searches, but only if they were certain the families would not usethe information to denounce the junta.

if he had gone against the junta and survived,the church heirarchy would not have  considered him for any promotion.such men who toil among the poor and wronged masses are not appreciated by any institution.

He needs to understand that is was the Jewish run media that started the smear campaign.

jesus is a putz

ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ! wake me when the vatican criticizes their boy touching priests!

I'm not and never will belong to the DEVILS church....But I see nothing wrong if he did help put down the liberal left....it's past time they get put down for good!

the pope's another Actor....................holywood,anyone

It's typical of the press, always attacking the Catholic Church. I just ignore it.

Facts are facts. The man did not openly oppose the junta. I guess he did not trust enough in his god to put his life in his hands.

Would jesus have kept silent during these brutal crimes? I did not think so.Obamarx got the Noble Peace Prize. The lamestream leftist liberal commie hacks must think Obamarx is doing a great job with world peace. N Korea and Iran thinks so highly of us.

so he sat back and watched mass murders while the pope at the time sat back and watch other preists or cardinals play with little boys.whats the difference,does murder rate higher than pediphelia.

The pope and the Vatican ARE not the CHURCH...The pope is a dictator/KingOf the vatican....watch Islamic/ catholic connection on utube

This usually means,  he is probably going to be an exceptional pope.

PEDOPHILE

well, the last guy was a nazi so whatever

no matter who gets elected anywhere these days the media somewhere will dig up some dirt and try to discredit them.  welcome to the public eye pope francis !  i think he is a good guy who will make a great pope.

If he can't stand the heat, tell him to get out of the kitchen.

When the existence of God is eventually proved beyond a shadow of doubt, the function of belief would be redundant. People have to believe when they are in doubt. When there is certainty of knowledge, there is no need to believe. Nobody has to believe anymore the earth is round; because everybody knows it is round (except the flat earth society). Interest in the shape of the earth is now lost. Likewise, interest in the existence of God will too be lost soon. When God is proved, belief will become valueless. So long Gods a mystery, belief will remain priceless. In absence of faith, good deeds would not be deemed virtuous. So do good while beliefs lasts. Believe in any god and do good. Certainty of God's existence is not going to do us any good. Those who insist for proof are hypocrites. They wouldnt believe even if God stood in front of them. REMEMBER. Nobody can believe on their own accord. Belief is put to them by God. Diseased hearts are not receptacles for beliefs. Those who wait for proof are stupid and are certainly going to lose. If there is proof, what is there to believe? Does anybody understand me? Of course, you need some wisdom to understand my raving rantings.

    Speaking out against tyranny and oppression is not the mission by which Jesuits and Christian analogs are sent.  That is the duty of Muslims.  Where the highest Jihad is to speak a word of truth against a tyrant--the Messenger of Allah.  The plighted word is the plighted life.  The Christian is nearest in faith to the Muslim for his love of learning and the fact that he is not arrogant.  Pope Francis I is a man of letters to heal doctrinal dissension generating violence from the right and the left.  His positional authority then and now demanded a holder for his life as the book on a bookcase.  Rejected is this slander from the left on Pope Francis I.Accused are those calling themselves Muslim and are in hypocrisy with the message of Islam by wallowing in luxuries forgetting that life because of their folly is now a luxury that only a few could afford.Bismillah      Seems like a good man. To bad he and most christians don't know that Jesus is not  god number 2. He is God manifest in flesh.   God and man in one person and he cannot be one of three persons.   It is three manifestations of one spirit  God john 4  24.  God in the universe,  God in jesus  and  God in us by the baptizm of the holy spirit; the same as the first century apostles. acts 2 38 and 39  Peter said be baptize in jesus name and you shall receive the gift of the holy spirit. This promise is for you and your children meaning us today. apostolic pentecostal churchs teach this truth and are in your local phonebook. study apostolic ve trinity on the web and learn where the power is to cast out demons etc.  The truth of  Gods word can save your live and others by casting out the devil.  Jesus said "in my name you will cast demons".  He gives us the power in his name.   The name of our savior.   thank you jesus.   All these killings by these sick people are of the devil.. and the  power to stop it are in Jesus name!!!!!!!!!

And the retardObama media is the biggest campaigner for the democrats war against religion!

I love how these protestants are complaining how the Catholic church is superstitious.  That's exactly how atheist view them!  I also love how they complain when atheist make comments on religious sites, as in "if you don't believe then why are you commenting on a religious site?"  Yet they comment on a site about Catholics.  I'm atheist, yet I still have the manners to respect other people's beliefs even if they are different then my own.  Try to do the same. You're not going to convince a Catholic to become protestant by whining about how they worship a Pope or Mary and how wrong they are.  That's not evangelicalism, it's self-glory.

"It was probably more effective to speak in silence, since it was an extreme situation." Wow, thats the same thing pope Pius Xll did during the holocaust, look how that ended up....

Looks like we need to do some fasting??

He needs a girdle with that dress.

my aunt was a nun in sao paulo brazil for fifty years and while she was alive she said that at the end of tenure they weren't allowed to teach religion. also that country was so poor that families who couldn't take care of their children would put them out to fend for themselves. there were so many such children who were a nuisance, searching for food in garbage dumps, and begging on the street that allegedly police and others would go out and kill them. many unmarked graves. I don't recall her talking about the church doing anything about it.

Why, after last week, are they bringing up all of this ?  We haven't come very far have we?  Immediatly upon the voting finishing, some malcontents have to start with this kind of stuff.  No onecan  do anything right, there must always be something wrong. Well, great, you are talking now about the head of the Catholic Church.  Back off, he has a very tough job ahead of him.

I would like to know the truth, if it is true he needs to step down. I see the same thing in Mexico. The Church is very silent about all the corruption.The Church needed a reformer as Pope, This man will not be the needed leader that will make any changes. The Church will continue to see a reduction in members.

just like homosexuals who have to make it a point letting everyone know they are homosexual, atheists always make it a point that people know they are atheist.......... talk about insecurities....you guys should unite. Its legal now!!The Catholic church would better be served if it accepted criticism with grace and did its job helping people.   Who cares that the critics of the church are "left wing"?  Their criticisms are well-founded. Had the Church stood up to Hitler, many Jews would have been saved and if the Argentinian Church had stood up to the Junta, many Argentianians would have been saved.  These are facts. If the Church had backed Liberation Theology, the whole world would be better off. Latin America has yet to have its spring and it is about time that it had it with or without the Church.

Cry me a river

Americans are the largest donors of good will in the history of mankind.,...and I am not referring the money our govt gives to other nations......and it just so happens an overwhelming majority of americans are believers. ,,,,so, yes, xians do have a heart and are not as bad as they tiny handful claim.

The now- retired Pope, Venedict was also acccused of his life under NAZI by lousy mouths that always pop open up when it is safe. Christianity is based on LOVE - unconditonal LOVE.During the early years of our life, you do not know you are as weak as eggs but hurl yourself against rocks and broken in vain. Is that you lousy mouths call 'courage'? It is STUPID!The new Pope Francis kept his serene courage in those very conflicting everyday back then and keeps it as same as before, so he was called to serve GOD. Amen!

that little platform and without very distinctive makings - one wonders about the fools that abound nigh everywhere. Folks walk around blind having no sense of what can befall.

Surprise  blocker "SOME", We just might have gotten a black POPE; except his skin color is white, Time will tell, but it will be to late then! See if you can figure out this Riddle.

This is all such a waste of time and effort!

damn 1 day on the job and he gets drunk and almost falls

The media is definitely out to expose the Vatican's filthy underbelly.   What saddens me is seeing so many Catholics defending the Vatican as if it's actually Christ's representation on Earth.  The media are exposing the Vatican for what it really is.  If Catholic support it still, they're supporting evil.

...which murderous Dictators? They have had both Left and Right ones...but the media only talks about the Rightists...the Monteneros were not innocent at all they murder people, attacked the government and blew up buildings...what would the limp wristed Progressive Trash want Obama to do if Conservatives rose up against him...yes the Junta did kill some innocent people...but they also killed the Marxist terrorists too...how many innocent civilians has Obama killed with drone strikes again?BLACK POPE everybody act like he jesus or something tell him he no die 3 days an come back to life he no die for everybody sin

Obama said himself, that he wished that an American Pope was elected. Skeptics would suggest that possibly Obama is bribing Pope Francis, instead. Obama says a lot of things to the people, but does the opposite (except for Osama Bin Laden, and Gay Rights)...but I guess that is the forte of most politicians. This is all to trap our beliefs into a single ball, dictated by an old man  and a bunch of old men in Italy. Not to mention that America is #$%$(k)ed, cause Mitt Romney is the same as Barrack Obama, and they are all following the footsteps of George W Bush.In God We Trust....Let's all just move to Italy

if you place responsibility on the pope or entire roman catholic church for child abuse, then in the same manner, you can blame the president of the USA for any pedophilia here

JESUS CHRIST never ever even ever existed . Proofs are overwhelming !  His exact descriptions are replicas of HUNDREDS of other so called sons of god ......beginning with HORUS in the book of dead of the Egyptian thousands of years BC , Krishna , Theius of Persia , all born on dec 25th from a virgin mother .all performed miracles etc.....WAKE UP PEOPLE . This is all a MYTH . We are being fooled BIG time !! Meanwhile , Vatican is showing off its wealth , they own whole portions of Paris s real estate .....their priests live lavish lifestyles indulging legally in criminal sex conducts , and BURN money given by poor uneducated Colombian farmers who is left to buy into their MYTH .SEEK THE TRUTH , AND THE TRUTH WILL SET YOU FREEMay our true God bless all of us as one .

The tricky problem was that on the other side of the fence opposing the junta, were the dreaded commies. So one has to choose the lesser of the two evils.

poor, poor pope one lung.how dare the demonic, awful lefty media do it's job, and expose his shameful and  tainted past"you can lead a horse to water, but christians are mislead"

So maybe he IS ''Peter of Rome'' !!

Only children and stupid people believe in imaginary friends in the sky.

Wow!!  Left-wing media AND anti-clerical.  You're sure this isn't coming from the press here in the U.S.?  Stand fast Pope Francis, our prayers are with you.

Why  journalists  dont live  the elected  Pope alone , and the miltary junta of the times of the coup.in Argentina....Before that, there were The Soviets in Cuba , A Naval Blockade to the Island by US...and before there were a number of executions ,, and half of the people of Havana had to flee to Florida...The threats by Rusia and Castro,s revolution was to blame for the action taken by the Argentina and Chiles Armies ...The Church ,,Bishops  or Cardinals had nothing to do with those events... Where have been the media,,all  this time while Castro  have been 5O years in Cuba ...and next Hugo Chavez.... The leftis media do better living the new Pope alone , and the argentina military Junta of  that times....The Communists dictators have been the worst..and were to blame for that events ,begining with the Soviet Union in that times...This is BS, before they vote on a pope,, the candidates should undergo intense scrutiny by his peers and by the law to save them from embarassments later on.  How stupid can this people be.

Burn the VATICAN too the ground with every DEVIL inside! Burn baby Burn

This is the direct result of the Jewish owned and run media!

There are many ghosts inside Vatican. It does take a lot of effort to find out one by one.

Let he who has no sin continue to throw stones! Are Popes not humans? Why did Peter deny Jesus? Men, lets pray that God finds one man for whose remarkable striving this sinful world could be saved. The media should be better used to spread good news.

Let me get this straight...this guy automatically gets a magical "vibe" from God now that he's Pope?

Can someone tell me where the position of Pope is mentioned in the Bible.  Or the Catholic Church for that matter.  I haven't found them in mine.  What I have found is Romans 10:17 and 14:23.  The Catholic Church and its Pope are not of faith, therefore they are sin.  Also, The true church is mentioned in Romans 16:16.  Jesus died for it Ephesians 5:23, it belongs to him Ephesians 1:22,23 and bears his name and He deserves the worship and glory.  Not a "Pope"!

This is the church of Satan....last Pope is here, Petrus Romanus, who will welcome the antichrist, in the flesh. Prepare thyselves.You Tube: PATRIOTS / CHRISTIANS HONOR SATAN 1/3 (SEE INFO)

the devil speaks in many tongues and takes on many forms !

I wonder what about the crimes and persecutions committed by Peron, Castro, Che Guevara, left wing terrorists and left wing tyrans in Argentina, Cuba, Nicaragua, Chile, Venezuela, Colombia? Were there any serious investigations and apologies?Sorry Fran!  But hitler was a Catholic, and should have been excommunicated for his atrocities against minorities but wasn't.  In fact,  the church made a treaty with him so, they could maintain their powerful position in case he was successful in his world domination scheme.  They will have to answer for their sins.

NaziPope II

well it was either him or elect a pedophile

No more weird men in costumes!

so lets see, a guy is borned and raised in YOUR neighborhood...grows up to be a catholic priest in YOUR neighborhood.....and molests and child parishioner.....what happen to this boy in YOUR neighborhood that would cause him to be a pedophile? Maybe it was someone in YOUR family that abused that boy.....but most of all, what justification do you have in blaming a religious figure 10,000 miles away?

why would god's representatives on earth jave to defend themselves? everything they do is ok as it was willed so by god...but then again everything is willed so by god, event he things not done by hie priest vatican minions! i'm confused!

COME ON!! He is not an angel (even an angel did mistaken). He was not a politician/ officer. Because he is not Italian/etc...., it does not mean he should be blamed for anything bad happened in his country. imo, he seems the better and real one compare with his previous popes. His attitude seems as a Servant instead of "king". That is the one that people need and God wants as He showed it in Jesus.

In the USA, political candidates for the presidency undergo all sorts of scrutiny before they even can get nominated. This is the pope - no moral standards are necessary.

"Top church leaders had endorsed the junta"the church was just following the 2000 year example of sticking with the winners -they fckd up in WW II by backing hitler -not the last/first time the church will side with evil to get what it wants -

Of course he caught himself before he hit the floor...he is unfallable afterall... ;)Who cares?? I'm sure this pope will do his best to protect to image and integrity of the church by turning a blind eye to pedophile priests and bishops just like his predecessors did. Poor choir boys....

Sorry, I got off the track, I meant to add that the Pope is a symbol of freedom and faith which the President and his lap dogs abhor. I hope when the Conservative party takes over that they put crushing regulation on a media that craves sensationalism and stories both true and untrue just to tantalize the public, spread gossip and sell papers. The "News media" must be brought under control and those who venture out into the world of sensationalism be restricted to the section of gossip columns and out of the role of telling the news. The truth. heavy fines must be levied against these publishers who want stories at any cost. These papers must be put back in the hands of those who tell the truth or seek the truth. We can not exist and make rational decisions when bombarded by left wing BS and agendas. If it comes down to it than maybe we need a revolution or civil war. I'm sick and tired of the BS this president spews out and I'm ready for some kind of violent over throw if need be.

Only satan &amp; devil to raise their criticized voices

The biggest lie that ever came down the pike is the trinity. Jesus us God manifest in flesh and cannot be another person. it is blending of God and man in Jesus. divine and human.  God is a spirit jn 4 24  that overshadowed mary and Jesus was killed for claiming to be God. three manifestaions of on spirit god . God on the unverse, God in Jesus God in us by the indwelling spirit. The same indwelling as the day of pentecost. acts 2 38  39  this gift of the Holy spirit is for you and your children,peter said, which means us today. He also said repent and be baptized in Jesus name.  Jesus is the name of the father son.......because he was god.  coll 2  9  iasiah 9 6. the godhead dwells in Jesus,   coll 3 17  all you do do in jesus name.  churches that will  baptize properly are  apostolic pentecostal  are in your local phonebook under apostolic.  then you will have the power to stop the ol devil and save your own life and others. estecially in these dangerous days with all these shooters running around. you can save you own life.

Didn't the Catholics let the blind eye slowly roll with the #$%$. They even harbors and hide  murderist SS #$%$. This is fact and this is History.

Dont you people see thft thid is bring orchrdyrayrd

In contrast to the super-upbeat tone of American TV coverage, the New York Times did publish a front-page analysis on the Popes conservatism, citing his vigorous opposition to abortion, gay marriage and the ordination of women. The Times article by Emily Schmall and Larry Rohter then added:He was less energetic, however, when it came to standing up to Argentinas military dictatorship during the 1970s as the country was consumed by a conflict between right and left that became known as the Dirty War. He has been accused of knowing about abuses and failing to do enough to stop them while as many as 30,000 people were disappeared, tortured or killed by the dictatorship.

There's ALWAYS someone or a group that's not happy with anything or anyone!  Get a grip, it's over and down with!  Accept it as it is and carry on. 'Nuff said!

Not so many words please. My brain needs a rest, or is it a requiem?

The Guardian article stated: The most shaming thing for the church is that in such circumstances Bergoglios name was allowed to go forward in the ballot to chose the successor of John Paul II. What scandal would not have ensued if the first pope ever to be elected from the continent of America had been revealed as an accessory to murder and false imprisonment.One would have thought that the Argentine bishops would have seized the opportunity to call for pardon for themselves and put on sackcloth and ashes as the sentences were announced in Crdoba but that has not so far happened.  Cardinal Bergoglio has plenty of time to be measured for a suit of sackcloth  perhaps tailored in a suitable clerical grey.Now, instead of just putting forward Bergoglios name as a candidate for Pope, the College of Cardinals has actually elected him. Perhaps the happy-talking correspondents from the U.S. news media will see no choice but to join in the cover-up of what Pope Francis did during the dirty war. Otherwise, they might offend some people in power and put their careers in jeopardy.The new Pope has been implicated by countless witnesses in the interrogation ANDTORTURE of Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics. Read erbitskys book, TheSilence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio.He was convicted, and hes in jail, in acommon jail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasntpunished him, in canonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but bythe church standards, hes always a priest. And this tells something aboutBergoglio and the Argentine church also. Christian von Wernich, who was a formerchaplain of the police department in Argentina and also later was convicted ofbeing involved. He was convicted, and hes in jail, in a common jail, but theArgentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasnt punished him, incanonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but by the churchstandards, hes always a priest. And this tells something about Bergoglio andthe Argentine church also.

Of course the new Pope kept silent.   He was thinking of his life and one day he might become Pope.   What else is new?   I wonder if Benedict is still alive?  I am sure he will die soon by the hands of the Vatican.