If the baby is delivered alive, then its spine is "snipped" with scissors, there is NO ARGUMENT - it's INFANTICIDE.

Abortion at this late stage where the baby actually comes out ALIVE is murder..To snip its spinal cord...OMG.....If an abortion is carried out when the mother is 2 months or less pregnant is what should be mandated. If you wait longer..you have the child. Before 2 months the child has NO nerve cells grown or a functional brain. NO pain receptors either. After this time frame...horrible for the baby. I will also fight for a womans right to choose...IF they choose an abortion EARLY on...What mother would want this to happen to their unborn child at 24 weeks..That is 6 months pregnant for Gods sake.

Wow, who could snip a childs spine?

This has become one sick society.

Do these people have no souls? They could not possibly..Snipping the neck, cutting the spine of babies, NOT a fetus, but a baby already born, I just don't understand how a human can do this..

a society is no better than it treats the least of it's citizens.

The Medical assistant "she snipped the spines of at least 10 babies during unorthodox abortions" should be tried for at least 10 counts of murder.

how someone can do this to a defenseless baby and then joke about it is beyond me.  there isn't a prison horrible enough for what this guy deserves.

Consider this: A sea turtle's eggs are protected by federal law.

"Suffer the Little Children"  and damn the everlasting soul of those who make them suffer.

We should all be ashamed at what the human race has become--no concern for the life of a defensless baby....Despicable.

Everytime I think the human race can't possibly sink any lower, someone fool proves me wrong.

Man, I'm glad I was adopted instead of shanked.  That would have sucked, big time

i'm 33. i was adopted. i now have 3 beautiful kids. i would like to take this moment, to say something to the mother i never met: THANK YOU for not having my spine cut. THANK YOU for not paying a doctor to stick me in a bucket to die. THANK YOU for not mashing my soft skull with a long rod. THANK YOU for not killing me through suffication of medication. THANK YOU, because i'm alive. even though we have never met, thank you. i will forever love you, mom.

I'm a retired critical care physician who has seen about everything, but this article is enough to make you physically ill. !st trimester abortions are bad enough, but this deserves 1st degree murder charges.

This is the kind of thing that just turns my stomache. Just when does a fetus become a baby and who determines this..

Snipping the spines of babies....pure evil!

I say we take Michael Moore's suggestion to release THOSE pictures for America to see and I bet they will never look at abortion the same way again.

How could anyone do this to a baby?

This stinks real bad!  Even if you believe in choice, you have to be disturbed by these kinds of abortions!  It is too late and it is really not right.  These almost full term babies could live outside of the moms and to me it is really murder.  It is one thing to take a morning after pill, it is another to kill an almost full term baby.  We need to rethink this procedure!   I know all the arguments, but I still stand my ground on this one.  It has nothing to do with early choice.  This is just being too lazy to make up your mind until you have a fully formed child in your womb.  Not cool!  Also, we have so much birth control in this country available cheap or free, that abortion should be almost nonexistent unless you are a deadbeat too lazy to use protection to make sure this never happens.  As for people coming to this country to get an abortion, are you kidding me?  Most of the time they come here to have a baby so they establish an anchor to give them leverage and sympathy for their case of staying in this country.  It WORKS!She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't."A baby  is just a thing to these people.    I guess when you live in a society where over 70 million  abortions have been performed since Roe Vs Wade, our moral compass   starts to   become blurred. Doesn't matter anymore if it's a 4 week old fetus or it's a  fully develop baby, they will still kill it for  convenience  and for profit.

Wow, I always thought satan would have more hair.

Too gruesome to even finish reading......

cut the spines of a living baby......wow...we sure are civilized aren't we.

I wonder how many more of these murder mills are out there?

"How dare you wear that fur coat," says the Liberal.

You would think with all the people waiting to adopt babies in this country, the abortion staff would take pity on an aborted baby that lived and turn it over to Social Services.  This is BARBARIC.

@BC:  If you steal a bald eagle's egg out of a nest left wing animal rights groups would freak and the feds would come knocking.   Kill a human baby and that is a woman's choice.

Stand up for the unborn - if reading something like this won't turn your stomach nothing will

Why do we protect turtle eggs, but not babies?It doesn't matter whether one considers themselves pro-life or pro-choice...any human being should consider these procedures cruel and disgusting.

Ronny - yes - we are a sick society.  Money, power, greed, you name it.  As a pro-lifer,this makes me sick to my stomach.  These babies had no say in thier birth - mom and dad were to busy to take precautions.  Hell is the proper outcome

The only spines that should have been "snipped" are the one who did this to the infants.

The parents, the doctors, the staff and all those who support doing this to babies should be charged with first degree murder!

If the babies were born alive, he committed murder.  Plain and simple.Killing a baby that was born alive in a toilet??  That's pretty sick!!!!$20 dollars bonuses for doing abortions???Wow!  It gets sicker and sicker by the line when reading this article!

My son was born at 7 months in Ukraine to a teenage mother with no pre or post natal care.  He is six now, and doing fine. 30 weeks = 7.5 months. Sickening. God help America, it has become a twisted society of perverted logic and twisted values. Thumb away nasty little trolls, thumb me down from mommy's basement, you are part of the twisted, perverted logic of today. You may not believe in hell or evil, but it does not mean it does not exist.

Basically the same thing as partial birth abortions.  The baby is delivered backwards, but before its head comes out the doctor severs its spinal cord, presumably so the mother wouldn't hear it cry.  This is why these were banned in 2003.

This is the sickest thing I've ever read.  Go ahead and tell me again how abortion is the mother's right.  The FETUS grows into a living, breathing human so it doesn't matter WHEN you KILL him/her, it's still MURDER.

What is the difference betweem tearing a fetus apart in utero and snipping it's spin or cutting it's neck at 20 weeks....it's both ending the life of a helpless being.

Not surprised to see this POS's lawyer playing the race card.Folks, no matter what side of this issue you're on you can't deny that abortion is an ugly, gruesome thing.Outside the womb = murder - 5 minutes sooner = legal murder (abortion)  Why don't all those freedom of choice air heads put on their big girl panties and call it what it is - killing a baby?

Time for Dr. Gosnell to taste his own medicine.   Lets just call it a very very  late term abortion.

Fact: Obama is the only politician to vote for live birth abortion. He would have no problem with this. He voted to legalize it. Does that bother you racists who had to vote for the skin?

I thank God I did not murder my best friends, my protectors, my confidants, my partners-in-crime, the best humans on earth, my sons.

Some day our country will pay the price for acts like this and I hope I am gone by then

If you don't think evil exists... Just read this story... Heartless, souless animals...

This is premeditated murder.

WOW!!! How sick has our society become????

So she didn't think it was was wrong to cut the babies neck with a pair of scissors? The  #$%$ had nothing on this bunch.

It's not my choice who to send to hell...but in this case, I wish it were.This is so disgusting.  These are babies.  The 'choice' comes into play before you have sex,, not after...

Just because a murderer is black, he shouldn't be prosecuted??....and to try him is akin to 'lynching'?????  Give me a break.

What is dispicable is the so called "people" in Washington who have voted in favor of late term abortions, including one who voted YES as a senator from Illinois and is now in the White House.

Butchers.

The libs &amp; Democrats murder more kids a year than all the gun murders in the world.

Micheal Moore suggests showing the pictures of the slain Sandy Hook kids to shame gun owners into giving up there rights , How about we show the pictures of the millions of aborted babies to shame the people who participate in this Barbaric practice to stop it from happening

Liberals backed and supported the ACLU when they fought to -Relentlessly opposed Jessica's Law.Worked tirelessly against Megan's Law.Repeatedly undermined Adam's Law.Argued in court that 12-year-olds have a constitutional right to have sex with grown men.Tried to remove sex offender registration laws in every state.Represented NAMBLA in courts across the country, free of charge, calling it "free speech" to coordinate child rape at conventions with their "Rape and Escape" manual.

Those jurors are seeing things that will probably keep them up at night....

and we're still not calling it murder!!!!!!!!!!!!

So when does snipping a child's spine = a woman's choice?Why a picture of the attorney and not the accused?  #$%$ is going on with the media being so afraid to report on a crime committed by an immigrant or minority that they only tell an abbreviated tale?

I bet the liberals are proud !

And of course, these "mothers" are not getting charged with anything.

I want to make sure i have this correct.  It's a woman's right to choose an abortion because it's her body, but it's not my right to choose a 32 oz soda.  Isn't it my body that will consume that soda?????

Murderers, plain and simple.

Many dont know that our President voted in favor of legalizing this evil murderous act, not once,but twice as a senator.Dont believe me?Look up his voting record.

Abortion is ok with liberals...But a gun to protect yourself isn't....Liberals are the most worthless form of life in the universe

Obama not to far from this having voted for the so called born alive bill which makes it illegal to render medical attention to any fetus born alive if it were meant to be aborted.

Death penalty would be nice, not only for the doctor, but for his assistants and staff. There is no way they didn't know this was illegal, immoral, and just plain evil. As long as they got their pay, they apparently didn't care.

That's it.  I'm leaving as soon as I can.  I want no part of a nation which condones and encourages such horrifying acts.  Absolutely sickening.  God help us all.Well anti gun nuts where is the out cry.  This is going on all over the country, 800,000 a year and not a sound.

This sounds like something that would have taken place in the concentration camps of the Jews.  The defense lawyer even looks like he could fill in for one of the "good doctors" of that time.

The CITY and STATE health inspectors KNEW AND IGNORED FOR YEARS the horrid conditions of this place.  Any inspector should be fired for allowing this to continue. The doc has a teenager administering Demerol. Cats roaming the clinic. Blood everywhere, equipment not sterilized. (spreading venereal diseases from one woman to the next). Philadelphia Department of Public Health reported to state officials all that its employees knew or suspected about filthy facilities, fraud, the unlicensed practice of medicine, anesthesia chosen by patients based on cost, infectious waste improperly handled and stored, and vaccines stored next to medical waste (dead babies). Staff lunches in the same fridge as dismembered fetal tissue. For cost reasons, he sent the women into labor. Some women delivered the baby on the floor or toilet. And then scooped us as medical waste.

"The love of money is the root of all evil"

Welcome to the new America!!!!!!  Total depravity!! Totally sick and insane!!

There is a special place in hell for this doctor.

Just sick.

A long, long way from abortion in the first trimestor.   Just another race baiter that returned  to "rape" his own people (and I'm sure the tax payers that funded this hellhole).  Disgusting.  How do they get all these people to go along with them?  Is our society so cold that no one had feelings for live beings that had their spines snipped or neck cut with scissors?  Actually it is more sad than it is disgusting.  1000 of years, we haven't come very far, have we?

If she'd cut the spines two inches before delivery it could have been legal.  DISGUSTING.

an he is sill  alive   ...sickThe libs must be jumping for joy at this.

The supporters of baby killing and gay marriage Biden and his nasty kroney's have the nerve to go see the POPE? what a JOKE !!

"She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors"  O~M~F~G!!!!

Anyone that can watch an ultrasound of their daughter kicking her legs, waving her arms and sucking her thumb at 30 weeks and then decide that they don't want it is a selfish monster themselves.  I'm a new father at 39 and couldn't be happier.

A human life begins at conception, all Americans have the right to life and liberty it doesn't matter if your mom wants to label you a choice or not, nor wants privacy. A human infant has a right to live just like each one of us that once temporary resided in a womb and that trumps any alleged unwritten "law" in the Constitution about privacy which somehow supposedly translate to a right to kill babies legislated unilaterally by the judicial branch alone.

What's next? Bringing home the fetus to serve for supper maybe?

Ever heard the term 'partial birth abortion'?This is it.

Only a monster would abort a 30 week old fetus.  This is horrible.

He called the prosecution of his client, who is black, "a lynching."~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Why do they always have to use the race card?

M-U-R-D-E-RIts a tough Woman that can murder their own child and not feel a thing... next time how about making your bar pickup wear a  weenie beanie

Worker admits MURDERING 10 babies at abortion clinic.

Okay, I was pro-choice but I think I may have just changed my position.  Drowning babies in toilets and snipping their spines is just out and out murder.  Period.  I believe women should have the choice to choose what they will with their bodies, but this has gone too far.  I am not a Bible thumper but I love my little 2 year son and the thought of anyone harming a child, enrages me!  We have to curtail the use of abortions as "post birth control".  Women use your pills, men, use condoms and prevent unwanted pregnancies because this is ridiculous!!  Seriously, who can defend this behavior???

Snip the spine of this SOB!

Fetuses deserve to be born. Are they not human?

What kind of aunt would be a part of such a thing behind her sister/brother's back?  That was totally wrong.

A hundred years in the electric chair for this POS and all involved....

And Plan Parenthood supports this kind of activity to termenate the life of babies. We need to stop sending our tax dollars to them.

So many things wrong with this story. A 17 year old that already has one baby and is pregnant again? What charges are pending against her and her aunt, they both knew that they were breaking the law? And what's with a liberal paying cheap labor under the table? I thought that they were the party of paying people what they were worth? Who would have guessed that a liberal would be a greedy businessman?

An unborn child is a person. When a baby is conceived, the mother is not just "1%, 5%, or 25% pregnant, depending upon the time table, but fully pregnant and with child. When someone willfully kill a baby - unborn or born, they have committed murder - period.Monsters!!!

why abortion instead of 'responsible sex' for 'birth control' and don't go to the 'raped' excuse...too many abortions to 'save face' or 'easy birth control'......what kind of animals have we degraded to???

Five of his employees have been convicted or murder.  That the state of Penn ignored complaints about this doctor and his clinic for years is also a crime.

If you think he is the only abortion Dr. doing this, you are wrong.   The practice of cutting the spine of a baby during late term abortions is common.The Doctors that perform abortions are mass murderers.

Sartre declared that Existentialism is Humanism, but it's hard to see what's human about exterminating babies because they can't assert themselves.  Once you make personhood ontologically secondary to self assertion, you've already thrown your own humanity out the window.

Is this what you pro choice people are fighting for?

But its ok according to his lawyer, because he's black.

Abortions: A billion dollar a year industry, in America alone!

Defense lawyer Jack McMahon told jurors in opening statements Monday that Gosnell, now 72, returned to the impoverished neighborhood after medical school when he could have struck it rich in the suburbs. He called the prosecution of his client, who is black, "a lynching."No matter the crimes committed, it's always about race. Pathetic.

Do any of you believe this stuff only happened in this particular clinic? This is not a liberal or conservative issue. This is the right to live issue!jam some scissors into their backs and cut their spines! Murderers!

oh man this makes me sick.Between reading about banking crooks robbing people blind and now this stuff, i don't think i can take any more of this news.  I'm tuning out.

Fact:  Democrats overwhelmingly support abortion.  Its not too late for change.

And the liberals think this is just A-OK.

Stop calling it 'pro-choice'.It's pro-abortion'.

I would gladly break his f**cking back.  Worthless POS.

If more people knew the reality of abortion, many fewer would support it in any way.  Of course, abortion is a sacrament to feminists, but the reality is it is horrible.  It is the murder of an innocent child, and nothing else but butchery.  This is an outrage.

Liberals think this is a ok, but we need more gun regulations.

Dear G*d this is shows how low humans will go to earn a buck. Killing the most defenseless of our species. Sick and sad. I had a coworker a few years ago that had an unplanned pregnancy. I found out because her and another coworker were discussing ways to cause a miscarriage, I interrupted their conversation and told her that if she did not want her baby that I would take it. Funny but afterwards she seemed to realize that her baby was wanted, maybe not by her but by SOMEONE, and it changed her attitude about her baby being an inconvenience/burden to her and her husband. She ended up keeping the baby in the end and even after all the attempts to miscarry her baby girl was born healthy.

"When asked if she knew that cutting the babies neck over the toilet was wrong; she answered: "Not at the time." You are cutting a babies neck over a toilet with scissors, and didn't think that was wrong? You've got to be #$%$ kidding me?Vote conservative!

Good God! This is sickening. You don't murder children. If you don't want them you put them up for adoption. How can someone kill a baby and not know it's wrong? What's wrong with these people?

Democreats are a proud people.

Hitler did it to the jews ...now our so-called compassionate liberals do it to babies ..Bunch of sick twisted f----- s

Even he admitted it was babies.Not a fetus.Babies.Sick.

Where the photos of the doc?  I know what a POS defense attorney looks like.

As much as Liberals love to talk about evolution, shouldn't we have evolved past abortion?

Simply put.... Democrat voters are murderers!!!!!!!!!!!     Time that OBAMA spends time saving these babies   rather than how to DENY a person the right to defend Their Children...  Guess it says a lot about HIS PRIORITIES!!  and MORALS

Hahaha, liberals are defending killing live babies and Joe Biden is telling women not to shoot their potential rapists.  I wish I were making this up.

You abortionists must accept blame for killing babies for convenience.  It is MURDER!Remember, This is the one who got caught.  How many others are there that do the same?

You still think "it's my body" ladies?  If you do, that's fine, just stop sanitizing it by calling it a "choice", or a "procedure".  Call it what it is, murder.  You don't snap the spines on formless goo.  Goo doesn't have a spine.  Goo also doesn't have a heartbeat.  You want abortion just be honest about what they are.  Mengele would be so proud.

Horrible.

Kill a baby the left loves you, crush an eagles egg  goto prison for life

"Honey, what did you do at work today?""I found a baby in a toilet and cut its throat""Just another day at the office, huh?  Does American Idol come tonight"

This is such a disturbing story. It seems to me that making birth control easily available to all women of child-bearing age is the best answer to prevent this kind of thing from happening. Poor women and or young women are more likely to be desperate and to take chances that other better educated or older women might not consider.  After reading the testimony of today, I think this man will be ocnvicted and rightfully so.

There are many that would call this MURDER !

Liberal's Definition of when an embryo is considered a life: When it can walk.

and there will be liberals and women who still demands there rights to do just that ,it is sickening that we as a human being still allow this to continue as a form of birth control .

What's even sicker is that the abortion activists who support this murder, will also be outside prisons protesting against Capital Punishment for people who have murdered others.Hey, where are all the folks from NOW and Planned Parenthood?  Shouldn't they be marching in front of the courthouse in support of Dr. Gosnell?

Demonic bstrd

Apparently, murder or non-murder is just a matter of timing.  How sad.

One sick MF.

if a fetus is viable outside the womb it's murder not matter which side of abortion you stand on it would be like saying you know what i don't want this 2 year old anymore i'm just going to abort him underwater

I would like to hang  Dr. Kermit Gosnell by his testicles until dead.

State Senator Barack Obama, voted 3 times in favor of a law making it LEGAL to abandon, in isolation, any baby that survives an abortion......until it is dead...be it from starvation, infection, suffocation, whatever. 'THAT' takes an animal with no soul. It's almost demonic.

And, you complain about children being murdered by crazies with guns - - - but, allow a whole lot more of them to be murdered - - - this way? Ya wanna ban guns? - - - Why? To protect the children? - - - There's something wrong with this reasoning.

"Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven."

No pic of the good Doc?....why?If any employer in a clinic told me to cut babies' spines, I would call 911 and yell my head off to every kind of law enforcement agency and the media. What is wrong with that assistant?.

This guy makes Dr. Mengela look like a saint.  And he has become "filthy " rich off of it. and the pathetic point is that Obama supports late term and mid delivery abortons.  Believe in God or not, this is horrific and makes monsters out of us all.

" In Pennsylvania, abortions cannot legally be performed after the 24th week of pregnancy." So, at 24 weeks it's a perfectly legal medical procedure that involves killing a baby, but at 24 weeks and 1 day it's called 3rd degree murder??  Just a question:  When did we get into the "playing God" business??

Outlaw abortion and I will personally take one unborn child and raise him or her and I dont care what color it is.....

If you stop a beating heart, you are a murderer. FACT

Once again,the democreats are on the wrong side of the issues.

So the difference between abortion and murder is simply the location of the baby, and in some cases, not even that.  Age/viability apparently has nothing to do with it.  This is your "pro-choice" industry in action.

And people wonder why there are shootings like Newtown, CT. Life is cheap.

This is beyond messed up....

How about snipping his spine?Lord please forgive us.

This makes Dr. Jack Kevorkian look like a saint.

OMG, this just makes my heart hurt.

Partial birth abortion; the child is delivered except the top of his head, which remains in the birth canal. The "doctor" inserts a pair of scissors into the back of the baby's skull and then vacuums the brains from the skull collapsing it. This is a child in the process of being born, but these sick, twisted monsters feel that if a little bit of the baby's head isn't all the way out it's an abortion...just another word for infanticide and murder. And those who support it are accomplices. Go to the National Right to Life website, and if you can stomach it go to the photo gallery.

Wow, isn't that something to be proud of. I'm ashamed to be part of the human race.

I hope he and she cn live with themselves as they get older, the conscience takes over then, and would hate to be either one of them.

Well, they set up a Church of Satan to sacrifice children, what sort of behavior do you expect?

If only a fetus could talk. It surely would say please don't kill me.

The unwanted should not be killed.

We killed 1.2 million unborn babies in the US last year, and all our politicians do is try and ban high capacity magazines.How sick, this person should be shot drawn and quartered.

And there are still people who are defending the right of women to have an abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy. 30 weeks? I don't even have a word for it.

But we have to pass gun control and ban guns to save children's lives, yeah right!

These people are just as insane as any shooter in any school!

This is the evil that the Pope spoke about today. People who are capable of killing a defenseless infant are evil incarnate. None of us is safe in a society where infanticide is practiced. Obama championed infanticide to get the pro-abortion vote. This country's soul is sick to have elected this man twice.Gives new meaning to the phrase, "anything for a vote." "Anything" that includes killing infants also includes all of us when illness or injury makes us defenseless and someone has no compunction in taking our lives.

Absolute murderers---Andrew Cuomo NYS Governor---wants to legally permit murdering fetuses up to the moment of birth---Sounds like a great campaign plan for liberal killers. This is all very bad karma----the U.S. will suffer.

how can anyone snip a babies spine and kill it

abortion = legalized genocide

Speechless...all I can say...

Pregnacy and AIDS.A lot of people cannot figure out what causes them.But the govt knows how to spend money on them.I did it because my boss told me to do it -- tell that to the guy at the gates of heaven - if this doesnt turn your stomach - you've lost your soul

I don't care which side of the issue you are on, this is beyond belief.  Sick #$%$

I     hope  every one  that   does  these  things  will   burn  in  hell

Just how do pro-abortion people justify this?

How anyone could think it is OK to "snip" a baby's spine is mind boggling! I guess the med assistant's shame and regret set in once caught and offered a plea deal.

Abortion is the pre-meditated murder of an unborn child with a beating heart, its own blood supply and DNA that developed at conception.  Not religious dogma, but scientific FACT.

This is so disgusting I can't even add to what has already been said.  What a sick perverted disgusting society we have become.

I don't know whether to cry or throw up. This is just plain sick

I wonder if we can ""choose"" to retro abortions on adults????

be proud libs, be very proud.We may not agree when life begins, but we can all agree on when it ends; the moment the spinal cord is #$%$ And yet, we consider ouselves civilized.

Just when you think you've already heard the most heinous despicable conduct from so called 'humans' not to mention the mentality of their justification and sick humor for an innocent life being left to struggle then callously murdered.  This is pretty close if not the same sick twisted and sadistic mind as Mengele isn't it, and more of these be brought into the light of day to put an end to these criminals and criminal acts upon the innocent and law abiding members of our communities

What kind of a country are these idiots turning us into. We travel half way around the world to sacrafice Americans lives to promote human rights, then we kill new borns like a bunch of wolves in a chicken house. Give them their abortions, their gay marriages, their path to the h.e.l.l., go on about your way. Sick bunch of murdering demons. Prison is too good for them.

What kind of hell are we living in?

I'm sorry but I know right from wrong and cutting a babies spine after delivery is wrong. On top of everything else if the doctor I worked for wanted me to do that I would call the police immediately. How stupid can people get?

This disgusting, murderous behavior is called infanticide, and our current President was the only one who voted yes to keep the practice going in Illinois. Tells me all I need to know about him. And it really ticks me off.

Barbaric!

Murder is so much easier when it is called "choice".

IF this doesn't make you sick you aren't even human.

Snip HIS spine, and be done with it......... It isn't murder, Right?Seriously, seriously sick...

Didnt know that cutting the spine of a live born baby was wrong ????? What jungle was she from ?

This makes me physically ill.

thats frickin horrible! omg.....

The devil him self at work

There is a special place in Hell for these people.

people are sick!!!!!!!

I see the pro-abortionist think this is just ok.  They turn the argument from murdering babies to blaming society for not adopting babies and children the mother doesn't want.  First of all, if it is the woman's choice, how is it society's fault that she got pregnant and then decided she would rather kill her baby than have it?  She cannot support the baby?  I believe that is why taxpayers pay taxes to care for the children. They are wrong when they say people don't adopt these "unwanted" children.  People are standing in line for years waiting for a child..Let's put the responsibility where it belongs for killing babies.  First, on the irresponsible man and woman who did not consider a pregnancy while they were having sex.  We give millions to organizations like Planned Parenthood who supposedly teaches and provides contraceptives to women.  The woman makes the sole decision to have an abortion.  Second, the doctor who performs the abortion for money is guilty..

This abortionist and his assistants are all murderers!

Gosnell is black? Why is Yahoo showing his white attorney instead of Gosnell?  Is this some kind of Trayvon Martin trick to influence people?  Are a different group of readers seeing his black face and being told he's being attacked (by whitey) for aiding low-income women?Late term abortions are murder plain and simple.    Any doctor that aborts a late term baby that could survive in a hospital incubator and could be adopted later should be up on murder charges.   At that point of the babies developement it is no longer just about the womans body.

So it's not okay to waterboard but it's perfectly okay to murder a baby.  Sick society.

You wont see these children on the desk of obama pushing his agenda on an abortion ban.People are so stupid! ban assault rifles but have all the butchering abortions you want?america will be judged and sooner than later.

It doesn't sound like a right to chose.  It sounds like a right to murder!

There is a special place in Hell for everyone involved in that clinic.  I disagree with abortion in general but I also understand a woman sometimes has complications or the fetus is deformed and needs to be terminated.  But kililng a newborn baby is just wrong.  Every person working there had to know they were killing a live person, a little defenseless baby who did nothing wrong.  I applaud the prosecutor for not making a plea bargain with the doctor.

I don't know how these monsters can live with themselves..............Ghastly.........It's really heart wrenching...........

I guess cutting sounded better in the headline than "snipping the spines". Is that covered under Obamacare?

one million babies

And some people are worried about assault weapons.

I think everyone who is for abortions should just take time to think....What IF their mom had been all for abortions?? Have they themselves not been given the chance to be someone? .Have their own lives been so horribily bad, they wish maybe they, themselves had been aborted?What have we become..... this is like something out of n a z i Germany.A license allowed this man to murder babies..... all in the name of convenience.

I am FRICKIN sick to my stomach.If I wasn't pro-life before.... I SURE AS H### am now!!

Save the baby seals. Kill the baby humans. I am 75 years old. Thank God I will be dead soon.

I don't get whats wrong with giving the child up for adoption.

God forgive us.

And the difference between this butcher and  Nazi Dr. Mengler is.......?

Abortion rights have gone too far.  Infanticide is the result. Killing live babies.

And thanks to Obama and the democrats we have to pay for this. I would not wantto be a democrat on judgement day.

"No beast so fierce but knows some touch of pity. But I know none, and therefore I am no beast."William Shakespeare

murdering douche bags...Sick people.

Nice suit doc.  How many babies did you have to murder to pay for it?

No surprise here.  My daughter works in a nursing home type facility for brain damaged clients and quasi-crippled sexual predators.  The place has rats and mice; cockroaches; collapsing ceilings; staff found to have NO licensure from the state; a recently fired gun toting administrator; and so on.  It's medieval ...  The state is in there ALL THE TIME on complaints and yet somehow the place remains open.  Absolutely no surprise that an abortion clinic like this exists.  Probably lots more just like it!  We are on our own folks.

Who I find interesting are those who slam Bush about Iraq - and yet these same people support this act against babies.  This is not an abortion this is plain flucking murder.  These people should all be arrested a placed in prison for life.

K I will tell you when it becomes a human life, as soon as it is conceived.  It doesn't matter what those who support abortion want to believe....

Planned Parenthood will probably hire him after he gets a legal slap on the wrist.

All the that could have been avoided if those women just kept their legs closed. Disrespect intended.

All that butchering because the women don't want babies. I guess these stupid women can't find contraceptives. Oh, that's right, they want them to be free of charge.

Sickening to the extreme...there is no place for evil in heaven!!

My daughters ex-mother in law insisted on abortion. I now have twin grand daughters 16 years old and both are honor students!!! Thank you Lord!And it is time for a very late term abortion for this guy!

Hey, Liberal Dems, Bloomberg and Michael Moore, where is your limiless, outrage, effort and Gun Control zeal in this outrage?? Oh I, forgot you and your, DEM, Liberal, lefties actually support these types deaths and the slaughter,  of  thousands of unborn children, with late term abortions!!

Another grand day for the abortion clan......

Monsters do exist, they just happen to look like normal people, instead of hideous large fanged creatures. How can anyone consider what these monsters did as moral or right? You know if they had did these types of things to puppies or kittens PETA would be all over them. We happen to live in a really messed up society.

I'm pro choice, but $10 an hour, under the table, to do that job. You should burn! This guy is truly sick. Why did all of these employees go along with this nightmare? There wasn't any gut feeling that what they were doing was messed up? I wish them all the worst!

"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society."-Krishnamurti

The chickens are coming home...to roost.

Liberals will fight for your right to do this, but protest executing convicted criminals.

Looks like Uncle Fester is headed to jail.

Some abortion clinics routinely deliver babies and then let them die of exposure.While people wait years to adopt a baby, some of these clinic make extra profitsby pretending that pregnancies are not as far along as they really are."Cutting its neck with scissors"- what kind of a sick person would do such a thing. The devil is taking control of peoples' minds!

SHAMEFUL !!

This needs to stop now!

(not for the faint type) but there is a Youtube - 3801 Lancaster that has a short doc. on this. Very sad, very disturbing. These looked like full term babies. Someone, the doctor? kept body parts in jars, never said why? The point is, I am not for or against abortions, but after watching this short video, you don't have to be too bright to know that these were babies. Something is very wrong with all this. Another problem is one woman stating she has had 8 abortions there, again, something is very wrong with a woman who has never understood unprotected sex can cause unwanted babies.

Headline!She didn't admit to "cutting" babies, she admitted to murdering them, cutting their spinal cords.

Every year in the US over one million women murder their unborn children.

Murder, plain and simple. Since when is a persons choice to murder acceptable. Have to wonder how many other abortion doctors are doing this.

I am curious if the "Chester woman" thinks she did anything wrong? I wonder if she has regrets or she is an advocate of murder?

I think that should get him life in prison. Murder is murder. age makes no difference.

Where do a Civilized Society draw a line where these are acts of Murder? God help us !"Cutting 10 babies" is a bit of an understatement.

This is disturbing

Spay and neuter.

I hope you Pro Abortion Trolls are very ASHAMED !!!

Im done reading the new's....

Definition of Baby:  WantedDefinition of Fetus:  UnwantedOtherwise they are the same.

Appalling. I don't even have the words. Ashamed to be a human, sometimes.

redrum...redrum..redrum...its a hard heart that kills a newborn or late term

Liberals will want to run this guy for political office.

pure Dr. Mengele!!Human life. demeaned by people with no soul.

Basically this guy was delivering and murdering premies!! Holy #$%$, what a beast.  And what kind of people worked for this freak and just did what they were told.  That girl should have used that cell phone to dial 911 and summon an ambulance for that 30 week gestation baby! Or run out of the clinic with him wrapped in a towel.

How many of you know that Obama support this type of abortion?  Look up his record while in the senate.

The new Joseph Mengele?

Obama approves of killing babies that survive abortion. Even Hillary did not...

Abortion is a nasty, ugly business,

That is premeditated murder.  Yahoo censors won't allow what I'd like to suggest.

Pulled out and killed like varmints. God bless them all.

No conscience.  No nothing.

And Obama, Nancy Pelosi and Barbara Boxer support infanticide as well.  They have voted on every partial birth abortion bill so far.   Oh wait, they are all liberal Democrats."A medical assistant told a jury Tuesday that she snipped the spines of at least 10 babies during unorthodox abortions at a West Philadelphia clinic, at the direction of the clinic's owner"...........Isn't this the same excuse #$%$ used at the nuremberg trials ?

Abortion should not be a from of birth control.

pro-choice people have "selective compassion"....Save the earth, whales, and o-zone, but KILL  unborn children.....this is the 2000's, there are more birth control options then ever, and the option of adoption...but let's just kill millions of the unborn every year?  Time to stop Roe vs Wade.

What a ghoul and the lawyer representing him looks like a ghoul, too.  The audacity of the white lawyer to use a term like "lynching" of his black client doctor is also beyond ridiculous.

Its a disgusting,inhumane business. But if it makes money there will always be sicko's to carry it out.

May God have mercy on our souls.

Let's make sure we take peoples rights away to own guns but don't you dare take away my right to kill my baby!

Once they're convicted - a pack of hungry dogs.

Murder for profit.

Kermit Gosnell is not a Doctor ,,,,he's a "Butcher "............ Hitler would be proud of him...Fetuses ought to be awarded birth certificates sooner than birth for their own safety.

At what age are fetuses awarded a birth certificate? 24 weeks? 36 weeks?

and the libs want to protect children with gun bans...

'thou shalt not hurt my little ones'. these babies were HUMAN. if the mother's did not want their are families desiring children !!  adoption is the key to giving the unwanted children a loving gift.  we are all children of God and he is sad when people like this kill his little ones

I support CHOICE. But this? Killing babies, not a fetus, but snipping the spine of a fully developed baby. I feel like I'm going to vomit.

So.  At least he didn't show up at your kids grade school with a clip holding a couple hundred rounds.

The Natzi's Did Just this...These people are No Better Than those that Kill Because of Ethnic Cleansing.....

That doctor looks like he could have been in the SS in Nazi germany

They can leave these kinds of stories out of the news

This is where the "do whatever you like if it feels good" movement gets us. And we all shrug our shoulders and wonder why our country has morally failed. If we disagree, we are labeled as bigots, hate filled, out of date, old fogeys.i wonder how many babies they actually got away with murdering? i remember too well the last abortion debate i watched on cspan. it was two pro-life against 4 pro-abortion. the pro-abortion people would not even call it abortion. they would not call a baby a baby. they would not answer the question when asked if the procedure described by the pro-lifers was correct for dnx abortions. they simply could not be truthful during the debate. watching them try to wiggle out of questions was disgusting. they claimed over and over that late-term abortions were very rare. they claimed that dnx hardly ever happened. they made many claims that we bold-faced lies and when proven liars they squirmed out of it with deception and deflection. these practices described by this "nurse" happen all the time across this country. over 300,000 abortions are performed a year in America. it really is a modern day holocaust. naral and now support murder plain and simple.

An eye for an eye a snipped spine for a snipped spine I say!

That's what you get when you vote for abortion rights. Anyone that did is as guilty as the persons in this article..

Our country needs a bar of soap!

We live in a society of death.

At what point does one say, "Not even at the risk of losing my job will I participate in soulless evil"?

Marvelous...God's Judgement is going to fall over the innocent blood being shed in the name of convenience.

You happy liberals? This is the  abortions you are all so fond of.

So the employees are testifying "I vas only following orders"  Where have I heard that before?

The "mothers" should be issued a death certificate when the fetus is viable outside of the womb especially in late term abortions....How the eff does a person do that?

There is no excuse for this "following orders" is the same ludicrous defence used at the Nuremberg trials.

Bet you $50 she is a liberal Democrat...

Abortionist MD's serving the lefthas killed MILLIONS more than any personwith a gun.Hypocrites.

Are you aware that Mr. Obama, as a member of the Illinois Legislature, voted to terminate any viable births after a botched abortion?  Not just once, but several times.

"Then I will tell them plainly, 'I never knew you. Get away from me, you who practice evil!'"

I bet the dems like this story, this is what they wanted.

Liberal Party.....Poster children for ABORTION.

Libs defend these murders in the name of population control but promote illegals and their litters.

Does anyone else see the irony in the death of one of his patients?If she had waited a day to kill them she would be classified as a mass murderer.If you kill them while they're still defenseless fetuses, you're a feminist hero.

The new liberal America.

Now, why do you suppose they are showing a picture of the attorney and not the "doctor."

Before the Jews went into the Promised Land, their leader gave them a talk.  He stressed to "choose life, always choose life" and that has been the basis of the Christian-Judea culture.  The higher we hold the sanctity of life, the better off we are as a society. Start going the other way and well, we see how things get worse.

How sick do you have to be, to say "When I grow up, I want to kill babies for a living"?These people have no souls.

May he rot in hell!

What a POS, burn in hell.

A special place in hell for these animals......

These people are garbage.

Human life is no longer respected.  From its earliest form through adulthood."calling them inexact estimates".....etc.. Some more of that Obama/Liberal terminology.

"And she said Dr. Kermit Gosnell and another employee did the same to terminate pregnancies."No, the delivery ended the pregnancy. the baby was already born when they snapped its spine.

Many liberals are happy about this.

hang them like they did nazi war criminals.

She is guilty too. Oh my God. What evil they are.

Abortion is wrong!!! People who do not want a baby should use birth control,they even have the morning after pill,what is wrong with doctors who took a vow to do no harm?

So, you still think abortion is OK?

Few articles have disturbed me like this one. I dont particularly like abortion but in some circumstances its necessary, but this is just barbaric. This man deserves to spend the rest of his life in prison.. what he did wasnt abortion.. it was murder. UGH i cant imagine how someone could be that horrid and cold.

mankind is evil and he will pay....

"Your 2:30 neck slashing is here, doctor."Do no harm, my #$%$.  Fugg those doctors

You dont hear the libs screaming about this. In fact they support it and in the same breath say they want gun control to protect children. They have mental problems.

Regardless of stance, pro choice/pro life, people can't really think that an arbitrary time frame, 22 weeks, somehow magically makes the fetus more or less alive, or the biochemical processes it is undergoing somehow more human and less tissue. Even worse is the opinion that its humanity more or less comes down to whether the mother wants it or not, don't even know where to start with how morally unpleasant that is.

How in God's name did this woman sleep at night?  Did not even read the article, the by line was enough to make me cringe.

america's finest POS liberal values !!

"I just have to wash dead baby off these instruments before I leave for the day"I wonder if they ever said that

Looks like the kids are using all the free birth control for naught.

On the last day when you stand before Jesus, you will give account of everything you have said and done it's all been recorded. He can be either your; defense attorney or the prosecutor, you can choose in this life which it will be.

hang him,and save the electric.

This is sickening.  Any ultra conservative that doesn't think contraception is better than this is responsible too.  We need to stop unwanted pregnancies before they reach this point.What kind of animal would do this to a child? AND, what kind of sicko would represent it?

As gruesome as this is, the other popular way is to drill a hole in the babys skull, and ues a vacuum to suck the brains out.  Either way, it is sick, and only a heartless ba..ard could do this to a living being.  Don't  they think babys can feel the pain ?

Compassionate 'Choice' comes BEFORE conception.

Why no picture of 'The Doctor?'Let me guess......

If these were puppies instead of babies the left would be outraged.

Sick Sick Sick.  Stupid People.  Please provide how many unborn babies have been murdered in this country and around the world?  You worry about gun control, white house visits, and vacations, while these innocent babies are butchered!  Cowards of Life.

Killing a baby that is born alive is murder, not abortion.

Abortion is a gory and slippery slope. This happens all the time.

This article should be printed and handed out to the protestors at the next anti-death penalty rally

And we wonder how people shoot up movie theaters and grade schools...is this any better? Tell me how this is different?I no longer know, what is wrong, what is right,?Abort the fetuses or let them die after they are born, from neglect, abuse. ?

Nice culture of death.

May God bless these little, innocent souls.

What a bunch of vermin and they are lowest #$%$ of the earth.

Sad Very Very Sad

democrats = death for the unborn......life for serial killers

It's usually in the freezer with certain "types"!

The problem I have with Pro-Choice is that they made the choice to have sex, they made the choice to have unprotected sex. Getting pregnant is the consequence of the choices they made. Society will fall when we start removing consequences for our actions.

It is about time the public is aware of this.  I can't tell you how many mindless bimbos refuse to believe abortion is murder.  How about now?

It's Murder. Give the babies up for adoption.30 week abortions? you people are sick.

May God for give me and our country for not standing up to stop the slaughter.

I thought legal abortions were suppose to stop this type of butchery?  Of course it takes a butcher and his apprentices to slaughter babies.

Pure EVIL...... Anything for money! God help us!

I've seen some sick sh|t, but have never wanted to cry and vomit at the same time.People need to start praying.

The title was enough. It made me sick to my stomach.

Cut his spine

This is called Murder!  The law should execute Gosnell right now.  I will bet there are some women that will defend what Gosnell did.  All I can say is they are sick human beings that need mental health treatment.

This is just tragic.

We are introducing laws to BAN the sale of sugary drinks above 32 ounces. . .but the wholesale abortion of babies is not even on the radar screen leaves me puking!!Too liberals kiling TEN adults deserves more punishment then killing TEN babies.

They should take a pair of rusty old scissors and cut his nuts off then stuff them down his throat !

What a low life.

This is a story of evil.  How anyone can agree "its a women's right", to murder these babies, is beyond any civilized way of thinking.  The people who have passed the laws, which allow this type of behavior will be held accountable at some point..

She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't."SHE DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS WRONG TO KILL A BABY AFTER IT HAD BEEN BORN ALIVE??????????

The argument for Roe Vs. Wade was that it should be allowed for rape, incest, or health danger to the mother or fetus. Within just a few years 80% were done just for convenience. Most of them are done on minorities. These people are flat out monsters.

This man is a monster.

Look at that ridiculous headline! Cutting?! Admits to cutting the infants? Last I knew severing the spine, or slashing an infants throat with scissors is called KILLING or MURDER!

The liberal that wrote this story puts in CUTTING instead of MURDER? Give me a break!

No different than the World War Two Nazi murdering Angel of Death Josef Mengele and other animals of that era.I continue to be amazed at how low human beings will go.  This guy is unbelievably insane.  Reading the story about TJ Lane was hard enough.  Listening to some guy on here who owns a restaurant and thinks it is perfectly fine to serve people caffeinated coffee when they ask for decaf.  All the #$%$ we hear about how the Taliban and Al Qaida burn their own for religious wrongs.  And hearing about the multiple rapes that have taken place in India.  The people who have held people captive in their basements or shacks for years of torture and abuse and for bearing children.  This is all just the tip of the iceberg.  Humans can be a truly sick, barbaric and disgusting species.

Peter  13 mins agoReport AbuseIt's either this or a coat hanger. Pick your poison..First of all, no woman who was giving birth would use a coathanger.  Second, the coat hanger fear mongering has never been proven because there are no records of abortions prior to Roe v. Wade - it was illegal.  Finally, there was no birth control back then.  We have so many types of birth control these days that it is inexcusable to get pregnant and then abort the child.  There have been 56,034,068 abortion since Roe v. Wade which was passed because adherents of abortion said it was needed in cases of rape, incest and the mother's health.  Do  you want to tell us they were all due to rape, incest or the mother health?  No, it is for convenience.  What nation would legalize the murder of its own children?  What mother would kill her own child?  Inconceivable.

I just can't believe what I just read.

Innocent children... Both mother and Doctor should be held accountable...sick, sick, sick.

These people are murderers with no conscience.

"Never Again", Dr Mengele?  .... "Never Again", Adolf Eichman?This is you and me, after twisting reason in small ways, like any lawyer, politician, activist, or second grade teacher shows us to do. The darkest, most cruel of evils comes to us disguised as an "angel of light". Many of us have been fooled, eh?

In one clinic in Chicago the baby was shuffled alive into a mop room left to die. A nurse found it and tried to save the baby but it had been there too long without food or water.

With those statements, they prove themselves to be monsters.

Here in IL back when Obama was still in state govt a hospital was caught doing the common practice for failed late term abortions(went in to abort but had a live birth instead) of wrapping the live fetus(it was never charted as a live birth so it was still a fetus) in birthing suite cabinet till it died. The O supported the action as interfering with a woman's right to decide if the fetus lived. He then voted to fully support late term abortions in IL The vote was in '03 in case you wish to look up Obama's vote.

We live in a very sick world.  I could never kill a little baby.Murder

Murder  1....

To me this is pure evil.  Those precious babies killed!

How can a real American do this? Can't! only baby hating liberal twits can. Turn your guns in and be the next target of lib. stupidity.HELL to pay in the end!

death would be too easy for this kind slime-hope he lingers in pain, and is haunted by the innocent souls he took.

Well I wanted to know "What Next" and here it is.

We find it remarkable that liberals and pro-choice are more concerned with the rights of inmates, the abolition of the death penalty (it isn't humane) and the welfare of homeless pets.   Fetuses and abortion are not even a distant blip on their radar screen.   Says a lot about values and morals.

"A Lynching", "could have struck it rich in the suburbs".  250k under a mattress is indicative of striking it rich - in the city.  And if these stories are true, a lynching would be too good for this animal.

52 million abortions in this country alone.....oh but "don't tell me what to do with MY body" pathetic. Oh yeah and "you don't care at all about them after they are born"  We can lay this at the feet of liberal losers!

If this is not ruled mass murder, then every person on "death row" world wide should be set free.I just can't read it all without wanting to kill these very people and all responsible. My heart just can't handle it.

Late term abortions are bad news. Hope the physicians here felt "great" as they got rich doing them....

"What goes around comes around"  next  Dr. Kermit Gosnell  then following is  Adrienne moton. Snip Snip..........(Ronny   your right about one sick society). That my friend is what I consider MURDER in the first degree.

Murder

B C in a comment on this subject was right.  You will spend time in prison for smashing sea turtle eggs, whether you smashed them one day after being laid or weeks.  And there is no penalty for killing a human baby?  What does this say about our society?

The abortion crowd supports infanticide. How disgusting to kill a living defenseless baby. And shame on the mothers for allowing the abortion in the first place. If you don't want to get pregnant, there are dozens of ways to prevent it. Abortion should not be birth control and only used in cases of rape, incest, or the health of the mother. Those cases make up less than 10% of all abortions.

If America thinks this is so abomnable why do we let it happen.....All we have to do is approach your elected representatives and tell them so.  Of course, most don't want to take the time to do so.........that makes all of complicite.

This disgust me to no end. How about I snip his spine, the worthless #$%$!

"She was 17, had an infant daughter and was told by Gosnell she was 24 weeks pregnant." As long as there is cultural recklessness and a disregard for moral values is it any wonder that butcher shops like this spring up to fill a need?

Abortions can be done up to 20 weeks of gestation.  I challenge everyone to Google pictures of what a 20 week old baby looks like!!!!!  It looks like a sweet baby.  These babes CAN feel and they have nerve endings!!!!!!Rot in hell you POS.

And this is the kind of thing during the VP debate Biden said he didn't want to deny a woman just because he didn't agree with it.

We are a barbaric society.  We are no better than any of the nations or cultures we like to criticize all the time.

Stoled this from another post;Ive got two daughters, 9 years old and 6 years old. I am going to teach them first of all about values and morals. But if they make a mistake, I dont want them punished with a baby. I dont want them punished with an STD at the age of 16."After stating all that; he defies morality and responsibility for ones own actions.

Hard to defend this barbarism if you're pro choice or not.

When we forget the sanctity of life... of all life.... then no life matters anymore.

This is so heartless and vile. Why is the left so intent on killing babies? I don't get it!

Hang the SOB

I don't care what color he is, the sick S.O.B. He deserves to be lynched!

Demorats how do you rationalize this?  A woman on the way to an abortion clinic is killed by a drunk driver who is charged with two murders....the woman and the unborn baby.  But if there was no car accident and she terminated the baby it would be considered ok and no murder chargers???!?!?!?!?!?!  Dems are sick people!!!!!!!Killing babies is killing babies no matter how its done.  1,100,000 murdered last year.  Women have a choice.......the babies weren't given a choice.

For those of you that do not agree with Ronny- explain to me why you believe it is a womans choice.  It is also a womans choice to take precautions - and the fathers. Where is your morals - murder is murder

remember when they worked for days to get a baby out of a well ...Why didnt they just let baby jessica die ?

"Gosnell later joked that the baby was so big he could have walked to the bus stop, she said"Sick #$%$.....

In future times, if we survive as a species, people will be astonished and horrified that American women murdered their unborn children in the millions as a convenience.  All these pro-abortion women and men--what's your justification for this?  Some fictional time line about when a fetus miraculously turns into an unborn child?  Sick, sick people.

I've always been pretty much pro-choice up to 12 weeks but the more I learn about the horrific barbarism of abortion, the closer I get to becoming a pro-life fanatic.

and what's so ironic is that many of these "pro-choicers" are against the death penalty. they support murdering innocent babies but not bringing justice to murderers.

we are not talking about your family gynecologist fixing a incest problem or a very deformed baby . we're talking about a guy that pays his house payments &amp; takes his family on vacations by killing babies for a living

A human fetus is a separate human life. If it wasn't, abortions would kill the fetus and the mother. Bring on the arguments

I hope this butcher of a doctor gets jail time.He should receive a death penalty.... that lasts for years.

Horrific

This is all fine and dandy folks. Remember, cutting the spine of live babies is just another form of abortion to these nuts. I'm sure a good portion of the funds used to murder these children is tax payers money. Come on, let hear from the bed wetting bleeding heart liberals, who support this.

"(Dr.) Gosnell later JOKED that the baby was so big he could have walked to the bus stop." I know that I am late coming to this article, but here goes.....This "doctor" JOKED about such a brutal murder as if it were nothing? It is EASY to immagine such a one sending millions of innocent children and adults to a death chamber and then setting down to have his breakfast. God help us.......America needs God.

How is this not murder???  Women's choices my #$%$ keep your legs closed or take the morning after pill but cutting a babies spine?!?!?!?!  Sick!

To answer someone's question of  "when does a fetus become a baby and who decides?" Well, it's a baby at conception, but in our society, the mother decides if it's a baby or not depending on whether she wants it or not.

You think the #$%$ were a killing machine - they are a weak comparison to the abortion machine.  Infanticide is alive in well, God help us.

These are babies not a fetus. There should be no abortion with the birth control devices available. Abortion is not birth control and should not be used for birth control. .

Americas sons and daughters.  53 million so far mr obama. Want to really save the lives of american children mr president.

How many babies have had their spines cut in this monster's  30 year "career".....Cut thisba(s)ta(r)ds spine in the court room while the judge and jury watch..And cut the lawyer's spine who is defending this POS"Gosnell later joked that the baby was so big he could have walked to the bus stop."  Yeah, real funny sicko.

This is where godless leftists have carried this nation over the past 20 years.  God's judgement will be harsh and unsparing.

How inhumane.

If a woman is killed while pregnant and the baby dies also; the courts convict the killer of TWO deaths!

Gosnell made plenty of money over a 30-year career using cheap, untrained staff, outdated medicines and barbaric techniques to perform abortions on desperate, low-income women.This man is no more than a serial killer = to Ted Bundy ,  Charlie Manson &amp; Hitler.

Murder, plain and simple.

The U.S. Constitution guarantees life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all (except unborn children).

There is a spot in HELL for this creep!

Just plain evil!

God Forgive us for our sins.We have fought about this for close to 50 years, and everybody has a viewpoint.  But I don't guess it matters to the baby whether you cut it up inside or outside.  It's just as dead.

"a 41-year-old refugee died after an overdose of drugs allegedly given to her during a 2009 abortion"Yep it's all about women and the right to walk in and get carried out in a BOX.

He's a Nazi poster child  ---- execute him !!!!

One of the saddest and most horrific things I have ever heard.

I am not in favor of those extreme laws that ban abortions at all costs, and think a woman has a right to choose (without an ultrasound)....however, this type of thing goes beyond the line and then some.   This was not medical service. This was pure and simple murder and quackery at the hands of a maniac.

Murder is murder plain and simple

This guy needs to be buried up to his neck so everyone can walk by and kick him in the face.

why do they show a picture of a white man when the defendant is black?

I hope they get guilty on all counts.If the government wont prosecute them they still have to stand in front of God for what they have done.Abortions mean the doctors go into the womb and kill a living human.a place that is the safest place for babies..it is their bed.We have more laws to protect turtles than we have to protect babies.This is wrong...on all fronts.

All Murderers, Monsters ! I heard yesterday some want to be able to do this up to 3 YEARS OLD. When will this tragedy end.  Adoption is a wonderful gift.My God.

After cutting the neck of a baby she was asked if she thought that this was wrong, she said "at first I didn't" . So who was her father and mother then, Mr. and Mrs. Hannibal Lector ?

I am not believing what I am reading from the article and some of the comments here.  This is nothing more than the brutal murder of innocents.  On the bar in the SCOTUS is where this despicable abomination needs to be placed.  People think they are smarter, or more powerful than God bring this sort of damnation upon themselves, and us, as a society that allows wrong to be called right.  How can you sit in a courtroom and describe cutting the spinal cord of an innocent live born baby, and get paid to do it?

Ugh why did I read this headline.

Still think they're not a living person?

So since the assistant rolled over on him, she gets away with brutally murdering 10 babies?

I couldnt do that to an animal, pro choice or not this is disgusting

Lets try killing the mother and saving the baby....that will end abortion

If anyone ever deserved the death penalty, this doctor does.  What a waste of skin he is!!

When Obama was a senator he voted against babies that survived abortion that they had rights as any other newborn.  There are babies that survive abortions and are left to die in the trash or outright killed.  Abortion is nothing more than murder of a baby in the most barbaric way.snipping the spines of babies is the "Progressive" way.

I have read that rats eat their young when the population of rats gets to big. I guess humans are not much different when it comes right down to it.

For you folks who think Abortion is so great...It's Murder.

how the eff, can you take a child and clip its freakn spine????? if any of you have ever seen you wife give birth you would totally understand my disgust.

No child ever ask to be brought into this world so why and how could someone remotely do such a inhumane act?!  What kind of damn world are we truly living in; zero morals!

Abortions are typically performed in utero.After the baby is born, even most abortion advocates admit it is murder.

So.  It is OK to slice the fetus to shreds as long as it's head was in the birth canal, but not one second later.  What a farce. No wonder Moton didn't see anything wrong with what she did.

"Rather a millstone be hung around his neck and he be cast into the sea, than to harm one of my little ones."    Love God

This is so wrong.  I believe that women have a right to have abortions, but to deliver live babies and kill them, heck, animals are treated better at slaughter plants.

My stomach is literally churning after reading this"I never felt pain like that, ever," the woman said."And I can only imagine the pain the baby felt.

Does anyone hear the cries of outrage from the left? I don't either. We would hear them if this was being done to puppies or kittens.

This does not reflect well for the abortion on demand rights groups.  I'm sure this will open the debate up and bring it to the forefront what it really is.  Men and women need to be more responsible but we live in a society that breeds and rewards "if it feels good do it" irresponsibility.  Not to mention the heartache and guilt it brings.  This is a sad commentary on what our culture has become.

Animals. No rights for the unborn child. The accounting for these disgusting animals actions will come due.

By the third trimester, the fetus is recognizable in form as a baby and has a heart beat and brain activity.  We should agree that's too late for abortion.

I'd be very happy to snip this guy's spine.  Of course, he'd probably object on some nefarious grounds that I was denying him his civil rights or some such garbage.

Even looks like a serial killer.

Why are these people not being terminated for murder???

So, the creepy looking white guy is the lawyer for the black doctor who made millions preying on poor women in an abortion mill the press called a "House of Horrors?"

Black preying on Black - what a shock.Age to drive, Age to drink, Age to vote, Age to get an abortion.

Jack looks white to me!  So, since he's black we need to have the race card played again!?  Actually a lynching sounds like a good thing to do to this lying POS.

This is the culture which the abortion industry creates.The lines blur and you wind up with sicko's like this.Killing a baby is killing a baby, whether the baby is born or not.

Doctor? How about assassin? Let's call it what it is.

"She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't.""  That truly sickens me and breaks my heart.

Makes you wont to cry and then very angery.

The man looks like a goon!

Some people should be put to sleep.

For good karma this sub human doctor should have his spinal cord cut so he is a paraplegic, and see how much he likes that when it is done to him!

Murderer!IT IS WRONG TO KILL BABIES!!!

We kill our babies and call it progress. We as a society have become very sick, if you don't want to get pregnant take precautions or keep your legs together, and for the men keep it in your pants!!!!!

This story makes my blood boil and sends shivers down my spine.

STOP using abortion as a form of birth control.If you are too stupid to know how to avoid pregnancy, you shouldn't be having sex.

Regardless of any law on the books, this is a violation of humanity and civility. Is this what liberals want our society to be like, uncivilized where a babies spine is cut or throat is slit because the mother dosent want it? You people who call yourselves liberals are a cancer to everything living, you destroy society to the brink of collapse and then have the nerve to blame others. I bet your finding some strange way to blame this on Bush.

AAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!! What In The H:E:L:L: is wrong with this Murdering Thug......

Put a hollow point right between the eyes of this pos, and call it a just day for humanity. Do the same with Michael Bloomberg and call it a great day for America.

Technology has provided us with many options in the field of contraceptives...I am sure we can find one that is perfect for us so that conceiving will remain a deliberate action that the couple or individual is truly ready and willing to take on. In other words, if you are not ready to be a parent, just use protection, whatever protection that suits your ideology. This business of abortion is a very murky one.

Snipping necks and cashing checks, amirite?

It is amazing how many pro-choice people are appalled by this story.  They must envision a normal abortion as a peaceful beautiful procedure.This man deserves the death penalty.

it murder...pure and simple....they should all burn in hell....and liberals want the rights to have LATE TERM ABORTIONS ON DEMAND!!!!!  These are BABY'S "NOT" FETUSES!!!!!!!!!!!SICK IDIOTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Dr. Mengele...... Forward.....

I wouldn't want to be her or the "doctor" when they  meet their Maker on judgement day.

This is SICKENING!

Sick people!!

Yeah... abortion is a great thing.

Murderers. Plain and simple. They too NEED TO BE PUT TO DEATH!!!

Oh the loving people at Planned Parenthood...just out to do the Lord's work on poor women who are in desperate need...yeah right!

Honestly, I'd pull the switch on this guy.  Maybe he should be punished the old eye for an eye.  Just the thought is so repulsive and sick.  No guns involved here and yet millions are dying every year.  There is no compassion left in those doing these acts.  Animals fight for their own.  Humans, we without remorse, allow this to continue.The doctor only returned to the impoverished neighborhood to prey on the plight of the poor that live there.  He will rot in hell.

Why am I not suprised there are people defending this?

She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't.WHAT!?

What is an "UNORTHODOX" ABORTION?As Hillary would say, "What DIFFERENCE does it make?"- The end result is THE SAME. How can one's conscience bother one about this, but not a "normal" abortion?

They should all be hung in the public park to show what baby murderers get.

America has better safety for their pets.

What kind of a #$%$ do you have to be to CUT THE NECK of a BABY!

The most unbelievable part of the story is that had they murdered these children a few minutes earlier when they were still inside the mother some people would see nothing wrong with that kind of murder.

Wait a minute......did he call them babies? If so, then he committed murder. Actually, abortion is murder. What else do you think is growing in the womb of a woman......a gecko?

The sad part of this story is that some people are more upset about the impact on their pro-abortion message than about the murdered babies and their mothers. And no one cares about the fathers. Those babies were half theirs.Do you people not understand there is a HELL. . .these type of people will be there!

I hope that every abortion doctor and their employees will rot in the lowest depths of hell, and that the aborted children will be allowed to give them a kick in the a-s as they are sent on their way.  If someone goes in for an abortion, the mother and father should be terminated as well.

and still you wonder why today's youth go crazy and massacre there fellow students...

Mom, thank you for making the right ''CHOICE''

Hang him in the town square at sunrise!

I believe poor and especially minorities should have available to them a two-for-one freebie; abortion along with sterilization. But they need to do both to get the offer! Otherwise, having the baby should cost them welfare dollars, and should not benefit illegals. Improve the gene pool and lower the welfare taxes: a two-for-one benefit for the rest of us!

I guess liberals will now argue,  "It's not a life, until it leaves the Hospital or Clinic"

She killed a baby that was delivered in a toilet by cutting it's neck and didn't think it was wrong at first? What has happened to the USA?

Why is this shocking horror story NOT covered on the national television "news", even pseudo conservative FOX is ignoring it!

This is beyond sickening. How can any liberal defend these late term procedures? Oh, that's right. They're secular humanists with no fear of God to guide their conscience.Hope the girl that was in so much pain remembers that for life that she KILLED a child

Didn't believe it until I saw this kind of horrific crime personally. Believe me, there are people that actually get off on doing this unthinkable act.

I felt like I was going to vomit while reading this article. This is more than disturbing.

abortions, homosexuals and illegal aliens...the democratic party platform

Is this what pro choice means?

Absolutely disgusting!  Anyone who thinks that child didn't feel that, is deceiving themselves. There is a special place in Hell for those who support this kind of slaughter.

Quote'Moton, the first employee to testify, sobbed as she recalled taking a cellphone photograph of one baby left in her work area in 2008.'Unquote She sobbed for her self at getting caught.  Evil is as Evil does.

Just don't kill any Dolphins, Polar Bears, or Seals when snipping human baby spines... Wouldn't want swarms of violent enviornmentalists after you.

Where'd dr. Gosnell get his medical training, the Josef Mengele School of Medicine?If an employee of his can get 20 to 40 years in prison, shouldn't this B*****d get a slow death sentence?

This is why abortions need to be free without parental consent for any teenager! They are so safe!Freaking liberals, if your child breaks a bone, and it is not life threatening, the hospital will not set it until they get parental consent, but then we are supposed to allow underage abortions without it? I am not adding to the pro or anti abortion debate, but to the reality that these procedures, particularly later term, can and are medical procedures with risks and dangers inherent.This is why abortions need to be free without parental consent for any teenager! They are so safe!Freaking liberals, if your child breaks a bone, and it is not life threatening, the hospital will not set it until they get parental consent, but then we are supposed to allow underage abortions without it? I am not adding to the pro or anti abortion debate, but to the reality that these procedures, particularly later term, can and are medical procedures with risks and dangers inherent.

King James Bible (Cambridge Ed.)But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea.

misled

Most of the articles posting are rightfully criticizing what took place with these babies, and some replies give a thumbs down, as if they support what happened. How can anyone condone killing a child that was delivered alive into this would, and then throwing it into the trash like a piece of litter? Where is our humanity and brotherly love?

Infanticide and child sacrifice are one of the pillars of the left.

In all fairness, how much better is an "orthodox" abortion?

Humanity? Satan has settled in our society! Killing millions of innocents, what does that makes us?

Wanna know what YAHOO's OBAMAFRAUD said about FULL TERM ABORTION?"It's not Government's role to meddle"

The liberal rallying cy...ALL abortions are done safely and in a responsible manner. Taxpayerrs MUST pay for them for those who cannot afford them. Abortions at any cost!!! If it was happening in this place you can BET your next paycheck that it is happening elsewhere. Think it's bad now? Wait til Obamacare goes 100% active next year.

Call these people what they are...murderers.  They should be on trial for every child they slaughtered.In the old days at the circus, they used to make a bear dance by using a hot plate, .....need I lament?

God does not  forgive murderers....he burns them.

When I was little,  I remember passing by the orphanage on my way to school.  It scared me.  It was pretty large, even though we lived in a small town.  I suppose every little town had one. I wonder why you don't see them any longer.  It would give young women a viable choice.  Was it money ?

I'm surprised Obamatool didn't have him over to the White House for a beer.  Obamatool...what a "post-turtle".

What a sick society. Almost puked reading this article.

You mean abortion kills the baby?

$10 an hour doesnt cover killing babies in toilets.

Hmmm..do you suppose dingbat pelosi and crazy joe brought photos of these snippings when they visited the Pope??.

How could anyone sleep well at night knowing they just killed an innocent human life? Those poor little babies what they must have went thru!!

its hell plain and simple hope and prey you get out without doing stuff like thisMonsters.  Satan must love you.

The right to choose, Murder.

"She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors"O yeah Liberals, o yeah slice that baby goodA woman has the RIGHT to slice and dice that toilet trash

All of us who pay income taxes, about 50% of us under Obama, are helping to pay for these murderous acts by funding planned parenthood.

And they prosecuted Kevorkian !!! What FRIGGIN HYPOCRITES !!!

I am so glad this piece of sh** can't murder anymore and so glad Tiller the Baby Killer was put down too!

Makes me want to cry.

I think I'm gonna be sick.

"Gosnell's lawyer disputes that any babies were born alive and challenges the gestational age of the aborted fetuses.'Gosnell's lawyer wasn't present at any of those abortions, does not have a medical degree, and cannot dispute the findings of the autopsies done on those late term aborted fetuses.How anyone can justify this barbarism is beyond me.

This makes me sick to my stomach.Wait a minute! If its okay and legal to kill them a mere 5 inches to the inside of lips, what makes it any different once the baby is just outside the lips? What the heII difference does it make whether the baby is 5 inches to the left inside or five inches to the right outside in determining whether it's right to kill them? Either it's always okay to kill them or never okay to kill them--let's take our pick as a society and live with the consequences that God sends us!

If you don't want babies, just get sterilized !!

Murderer

"A medical assistant told a jury Tuesday that she snipped the spines of at least 10 babies during unorthodox abortions at a West Philadelphia clinic, at the direction of the clinic's owner." Yet the defense contends this is a racist witch hunt.

Thanks to Yahoo for bringing this to our attention... Msnbc would never allow this to air....

is this animal still walking free?

This is awful. What, exactly, is going through this "doctor's" mind? Greed?With that said, keep in mind that in many places, late term abortions still occur. The child's spine is pierced with a sharp needle and then removed. There is no difference in that and what happened in this den of horrors.

Pathetic baby killers.  How revolting you are.  Burn in H3LL.  RIP, babies.

Abortionists must accept the blame for monsters like this!  They have made killing fields out of our states.  Murder must not be unpunished.

Being black, or any other color for that matter, makes no difference in this case. The case is that the doc violated several state laws more than once. Performing abortions after the cutoff date and severing the spines of babies surviving outside of the womb has nothing to do with color and is a heinous act. He will die in prison.And PETA Is worried about a Dog That Died of maybe natural causes. This story is sickening.Now no one has to wonder how people let the holocaust to occur.

The operative wording is "..born alive...spines sniped"  Sound like murder to me.

check to see if the babies have been raped, any sick sob that would murder them, would do anything.

A medical assistant told a jury Tuesday that she snipped the spines of at least 10 babies during unorthodox abortions at a West Philadelphia clinic, at the direction of the clinic's owner.sick #$%$.

Who could look at a baby and cut their necks, or their spines?I can't get rid of the chills from reading this article.

The man obviously lost his moral compass a long time ago.  Probably justified his actions by thinking he was doing everyone a "favor".  Pathetic.

Tens of thousands of these examples happen annually. I don't care what faith you are, I don't know of any faith that would condone this, yet America votes for candidates who support and turn the other way. Shame on America!

Wow sea turtle eggs are considered life at the time of fertilization and are then protected,if this is life so is a human embryo life when it is fertilized ,

$10.00 an hour is that all it's worth/ God what have we come to?

WHY are these women having abortions after four months of pregnancy?What, they couldn't get bus fare to the abortion clinic?its just an abortion whats the big deal(note sarcasm)

Since Hillary came out about gay marriage, because she is running, what did she say about the Dem's support of abortion ?

Abortion should come with a complimentary tubal ligation.

they have a special place in hell.

Serial killer (Gosnell) using the guise of a Doctor...in denial of committing murder, and has the gutts to joke aobut it too?The worker Moton, working off the books for 10 bucks an hour, had to cut the neck of a 'baby' delivered in a toilet...didn't know that was wrong?My gosh, what are we becoming?

"abortions are typically performed in utero"...no kidding?  really?  The use of the word "typically" bothers me to no degree.  As if, perhaps there might be some barbaric practice out there the rest of us aren't quite aware of....

This is so disgusting.  World War II atrocities are still happening.  There's only one punishment sufficient.

Abortion of a first term fetus isn't the same thing as delivering a baby and murdering it. Not the same at all. Though I can't help but wonder what the hell the mothers of these infants thought was happening. You thought you were 6 months pregnant, and the baby was going to magically disappear?

....and some people don't understand that this is the work of the devil ?It always has been and will always be -- GOOD vs. EVIL....which one will you choose?

I have nothing to say just setting here in amazement, glad our president wants his kids to have this option if they should make a mistake.How could a human live with themself. I just dont understand.

Maybe people should spend a lot more time on things like this. There are over 1,000,000 babies killed like this every year in this country. Legal gun owners are not the problem.

If anyone is wondering: Christ does gather these aborted babies to Himself in Heaven.

KILLERS SHOULD FACE THE SAME FATE THEY DEALT OUT

There were millions against abortion but they were aborted.

Obama voted REPEATEDLY to allow such baby murders after botched abortion attempts, that is, where the child managed to survive the abortion attempt.  It's UNBELIEVABLE that anyone would ever vote for someone that despicable, whether he promises to give you money or not.  Yes, O is giving away more then $20 to people, but the amount isn't the issue, it's the INDECENCY and INHUMANITY of it all.

Seriously, I have wondered, do abortion advocate Liberals laugh and joke when they hear of such stuff? Do they smile? Do they celebrate some type of victory? I know they are evil and corrupt, but, are they really that evil?

America, where are you???

But, but..the Democrats in general, are all for terminating unwanted pregnancy. So, we must assume that all "thumbs down" are Obama voters, right?  Personally, I believe only a human who has sold his soul to evil can perform such heinous acts.  There is NO excuse for this!  None!

Think what would be required to "snip a spine" of a baby! You'd need some very large scissors, you'd have to cut cut cut for awhile--it would be a very grizly thing to do--there would be blood everywhere! The very thought of it makes me sick. Its not as simple as snipping a piece of paper or cloth.I hope this causes everyone to rethink their view on abortion and realize that a fetus really indeed is a baby and not just a "blob of cells."

This is like something out of a movie.  It seems incomprehensible that this would happen in real life.

I will never support anyone who supports Baby Killing.......PERIOD!!!!!!!

Sounds like Nazi Germany.  These practices were condoned by Bill Clinton as partial birth abortions and approved by Obama through his funding of Planned Parenthood.  How can the people that actually did the murdering of these children live with themselves?  This is pure evil that would make Satan blush.

May these depraved murderers--and all like them--burn forever in Hell, feeling every excruciating moment of it to the fullest.

As long as they outlaw large soda's!

You can bet that the race card will get played here.  His defense attorney called it a lynching?  No, they should convict him first.  Then hang his worthless child murdering #$%$ in the city square.

They have been grinding babies up in heavy duty garbage disposals for years. Why? Because if they abort babies that are too old for the law, they have to get rid of the evidence. otherwise, they just process the dead babies the "normal" way.  And if you do not believe this, you have been sorely mislead but the propaganda machines!

WHATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT?????? OK this is enough now. Evil at its best. This is utterly disgusting and cruel. And while we are here----you DO NOT use abortions as birth control just the same!!

Fricking liberal left wing dems want this.  And the American people vote for them.  They have sold their souls.There will be a reckoning

This sounds like a Japanese horror movie

For all you abortion rights, how do you feel?  For all who do not know their position.  Think about it.  They snipped the spines of ten babies and probably was alot more.  What have we become in our society that it is ok to kill living babies?  They cannot defend themselves, unlike you or I.  This is unbelievable that we allow this to happen.  We can justify putting a probe in the back of a babies head after it is partially born?  Just the head sticking out and wham, a probe to the brain?  A luther hospital in Chicago actually delivers premature babies and then does not care for them.  According to a nurse that quit the hospital.  About 50% of all babies born this way are alive.  She had one born when she came in on her shift.  It was alive when she left 12 hours later and dead by the next day.  No one cared for it.  This is pathetic.

How awful.

That's evil to the very core.

I'm going to throw the fk up.

Obama says unplanned pregnancies are "punishment."

A snail darter and a turtle have more rights then these humans. And BTW, when out of the mother and breathing and pink on it's own, it's no longer a fetus. It's now an independant Human Being that they are killing...NOT ABORTING.Perhaps the next time a gang member shoots someone and gets caught he admits he aborted the person and he'll get off scott free....

At least the mothers don't have to get a babysitter when they to the clubs now.

OMG!!  This is the most disgusting thing i have read in a long time.  I hope they all spend the rest of their lives in prison!!  Who does this????????  Give the baby up for adoption you selfish b------s!!Kill them. Kill them all. People like this need to just cease to exist.

Finally, a murder charge! Does PA offer capital punishment?

And they want to ban firearms. This is a very sick country

I am pro-choice, but there are limits.

Abortion is wrong except in cases of rape or incest. This is just more proof of how wrong it is! If you don't want a baby, keep your legs together! But don't kill an innocent child because YOU made a BAD decision to have unprotected sex!

Sick to my stomach.

O... M... FREAKING God what a bunch ofCruel, barbarous, vicious, brutal, callous, fiendish, cold-blooded, inhuman, ruthless, heartless; perverted Wastes of SKIN.Can we SNIP Their Cords ?

I have supported abortion for 40 years and except for three reasons still do. Yet, one should consider that abortion in another light is the superiority of the adult over the well being of the child. Children have been attacked for those 40 years. California passed "no fault" divorce to the disadvantage of the child. Every, and I mean every study. in the last 50 years has pointed out that the best situation for any child is in a heterosexual married family model and yet the marriage contract is broken without a cause. Simply the adult has to tell the judge I want out. Then the real fun beings for most children as the man (usually) leaves to start another family or help raise another group of children his children are in. God bless the children because man has created this mess here on earth.

Wow, un freak in believable.

How could any normal human being do something like this?!?!!? He's no better than mass murderer.  I think I'm going to vomit!!!What is this society coming to?

Pathetic all the way around this mess.

OMG!!!!!!! I despise liberals!!!!!!!!!!

Lovely day at the abortion clinic killing fetuses. Crushing skulls, cutting necks. Geez, this story makes them sound almost human huh?

Abortionists are evil.  When you vote for BHO, Hillary and other democrats you are voting for evil baby killers.

Don't you think it's strange that the NAACP hasn't come to the defense of this black Philadelphia abortion doctor?  Maybe they're waiting for the New Black Panthers...or maybe Obama...

The argument that his attorney wants to claim that his client could have made more monies instead of going into the impoverished neighborhoods after medical school, I surely hope there isn't a juror who would for one second buy into that alleged smoke screen because the truth of the matter is this so called Dr. already knew who and what he was which is exactly 'why' he chose that community and those people, he already knew he wouldn't be able to fulfill his mental fixation and need to commit murder and crimes of sadism anywhere else, therefore this Dr is guilty of intentional and calculated misconduct, endangerment of another human being and murder.

You can put ANY name on it you want ABORTION is STILL MURDER!!

Evil people committing evil deeds. There you go Roe vs Wade. The SCOTUS says it's a women's right, making them just as evil. Killing a fetus, much worse up to 24 weeks is unconscionable. How do you sleep at night?

hang or shoot him on sight.Pure evil

But but but... reproductive rights rule right?  Oh my.  This story is truly sickening.

Late term...early term...murder is murder and snipping spines, scrambling inside the body, sucking them up through a tube....its all so sick and so sad.

They ought to snip the doctors neck right there in the court room, what an evil sick country we have become, God have mercy

I've got to stop reading this type of thing.  I don't have the words to express my horror at these types of things.

you liberal blacks are letting YOUR party genocide you like this? it's laughable, the kkk couldnt have done a better job!

The charge, if any of this is truth, is Premeditated MURDER!

ABORTION IS MURDER.

Literally turns my stomach. How in God's name could anyone do this?

This is exactly the type of place that will flourish with the legal abortion handcuffs now being put on by states.How can anyone not be sickened and saddened after reading this article?  THIS is what our society has come to.  God, please forgive us.

Oh My GOD!!!

Maybe now we can see the evil of abortion and stop it. All clinics should be checked for this type of murder.

This should make every pro abortion activist sick to their very core.  This is murder as are all abortions.  Someone should snip this so called Dr.'s spinal cord and see how he likes it.  I was physically sick after reading this.

So, if prosecuting this MURDERER is "a lynching", what is killing those kids and women?

Funny most of the pro-abortion liberals that have no problem with this , find the death penality un-humanine. Sick priorities.

When I got out of the military my girlfriend got pregnant and we had an abortion. Not a day passes that I do not regret and fell responsible for that. One day I will have to atone for my sin with God. Hopefully he and my child will forgive me. I gurantee anyone who has an abortion will regret it later in life.

God, these are the types of horror stories you read about in history books from the 60's and 70's. It made me physically sick to my stomach to think this is still happening in 2013.

Just remember, Obama approves of this!

the left should be lining up to kill babies after reading this article.  what about the La Machine tequnique that is usually used.  ever see a baby in a blender before?  keep supporting abortion and you will nly have to look down at some point.Holy Mary mother of God.... pray for us sinners.....

I think for anyone in favour of abortion, the manner of its execution should be irrelevent. You don't want the baby/embryo/fetus/whatever, then I say destroy it by whatever means necessary.

considering what happens in an abortion clinic, i'm sure there are things going on that would gross us out big time that make what happened in sandy hook look like nothing

Hey Looney Libs.... where's the outrage?!?!?!?!???

he his no more guilty of murder than all of the dumbocrats from coast to coast who voted for abortions,and thanks to you folks america has now murdered over 55 million little americans

Liberals want to eliminate the minories...one baby at a time!

Isn't it shocking how many women use abortion as a method of birth control??!!

and to think i have family members that are liberal and believe in this murder of infants, my wife and i think the dems/liberals have no morals,and if your a liberal how could you defend this action,most would say the killers need to be put down.

THe people involved in this insanity should be punished severely.  Who could do such a thing.  Makes the #$%$ look like Sunday school teachers.

With some ways to prevent a unwanted pregnancy, while do stupid women rather kill the unborn. A Pox on them.THESE FOLKS HAD BETTER HOPE THEIR IS NO GOD!  Even better, they should be thankful I am not Him!  It is barberic.

Somewhere Hitler is laughing his #$%$ off.

Remember folks, Obama voted at least 3 times in the Illinois State Senate for partial-birth abortion. Which means, killing the baby after it's born alive. In that case, they normally crush the baby's skull and suck out its brain. If you voted for Obama, that's what you've voted for.

The only time Obama didn't vote 'present' he was voting to make this procedure legal in the State of Illinois.

My  god  where  will  it  end   the   germans  had   hilter  and  we  have  abortion how  can  any  one  sleep  at  night   just  how  dam  sick  can  us  humans   get

It's not murder if it's an abortion?  Wrong.

And the liberals do NOT want the death penalty!!??

This is just plain murder to kill a baby that is born breathing, just because it is an inconvenience to the mother.

This society is crumbling. There will be a reckoning one day.

No one seems to want to acknowledge the fact, that these babies are human being!Save the baby seals. Kill the baby humans. I am 75 years old. Thank God I will be dead soon.

"Abortions are typically performed in utero." Apparently, Gosnell was not following typical or standard medical procedures along with many other medical malpractices. He is facing criminal charges for NOT practicing good medicine and NOT following the law. Under Roe v Wade states can and do regulate abortion at 22-24 weeks of pregnancy, the "point of viability" when a fetus can live outside the mother and is no longer a part of her. However, a ban of abortion before birth is medically unwise and endangers pregnant women with complications. Read about the Savita Halappanavar and Lori Stodghill cases on the web. Abortion delays caused deaths.

THIS IS AS HEINOUS AS SANDY HOOK

That's called murder!

Didn't know at first that slicing a baby's neck was not wrong? WTH!!

This makes me sick . I would like to see the mothers of those children held accountable as well.

So this is the Definition of Roe Vs. Wade!   Disgusting!

Legal murder parlors. And this a - s of a government could care less. All they are concerned with is filling their pockets and egos.

I wonder if the mothers could hear the babies crying as they were being murdered.  This is sick.

how federal laws are in place to protect frogs, fish, insects.  Yet we have this going on for years in a major US city.  Absurd!how federal laws are in place to protect frogs, fish, insects.  Yet we have this going on for years in a major US city.  Absurd!

Folks, remember that the Liberal Democrats promote this kind of murder of unborn and sometimes newborn infants but yet want you to believe that they want to take our guns away to save the lives of kids. They are liars and the #$%$ of the earth!!!!

This is murder so it seems;  no doubt about that.  No doubt about what?  So it seems I said.  Well,  how horrific anyway.   I am not arguing abjut pro life or anything here,  but this is something out of Dr. Mengele and the cult at Auschwitz,  American style.  Give these monsters life in prison if found guilty.

Disgusting and disturbing.

Filthy

China needs to read this...

This is infanticide not abortion.  Sickening, repulsive, and a tragedy.  The mothers are just as guilty as the butcher.

Gosnell did the deed but he's got a lot of accomplices in the House and Senate and the White House in Washington, DC.

Liberalism at it's finest.  An "infant" is not alive until the parent say's he's alive and can abort it (notice I said it, not him or her) at any time she (it's only a women's choice) wants.  I say we should make the "late abortion" age, um, lets see how old is Obama?  Yea that old.

So if Sandy Hook was sufficient to ban guns,Why isn't this butchery of children sufficient to ban abortion?UP TO A POINT, I'm pro-choice (I'll admit that this "point" is not exactly set in stone).  What this doctor did was ABSOLUTELY BARBAROUS.  That being said, there's all the difference in the world between what this doctor did and a morning-after pill.

That is very sik people.. on the good side, it does keep the # of liberals down some

Isn't choice great?

common good, would you if you could swap no executions for no abortions on demand ? I would but I bet you wouldn't

These people will have to answer to a higher power one day.  They are the #$%$ of the earth.

Well America...don't know why you are all so shocked...most of you voted this garbage in...wait until it starts happening with Senior adults!!   We have people that will scream outrage at the slaughter of cows for humans to eat, but in the same breath cheer the abortionist that slices a baby's back to kill it.

Let's get this straight right now, there were way more than 10, plus all kinds of other horrific things that may never be known.

We were all fetuses at one point and I for one am glad I was not aborted.

How's that freedom of "choice" (woman should be allowed to do what she wants with her body, unless she's a prostitute, of course) . . .how's that working out???? And how's that legal partial birth abortion working out, where a baby is "partially born"  . . .bring it's head out then stick a screw driver in it's head and suck it's brain out . . .freedom of choice!!!!!!! That's what the "freedom of choice" people DON'T want apathetic people to see or hear about . . so they use "soft" compassionate labels for it . . . who would deprive a poor little battered, discriminated against woman her "choice" lol  . . it's still baby killers, no matter how you slice it, dice it and package it.

This whole freaking crew needs to die in prison!! And that isn`t terrible enough for what they did!!!You can get a year in jail and a $10,000 fine for tampering with the nest of a bald eagle.  But an unborn human being?  It's perfectly legal to kill them.

gives me the chills - very cold!

Atrocities such as these occur throughout the country everyday! Do you think we found out about the only case? All those despicable Liberals that decry the NRA for sponsoring mass shootings by supporting the 2nd Amendment, yet turn around and throw their full support behind abortion clinics are actually supporting an industry that is far worse that all the mass murders combined!!! They really need to S(T)F(U) when it comes to the discussion about America's Culture of Death!

tip of the iceberg.

His punishment should be what he did to the babies.

Adrienne Moton - She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't." only until the baby screamed did it occur that it was wrong.

What's a few babies.  BHO.

I do not like abortion, but I am pro-choice in only very early when the life-form is just a clump of 7 or 8 cells.  Babies born alive and spines clipped is to say the least evil !

So I just read an answer to when a human life becomes a viable life and the answer was "able to live on its own, outside the womb". ok so gee at what point can they gather food for themselves to survive on their own?  I have to say the pro abortion folks are as dumb and mislead as I use to be and I will explain. I use to be pro abortion and yes I have been involved in them and thought, no biggy and then I saw a microscopic view of a fetus at all ages and realized I was so,so mislead by abortion groups deception it is disgusting. I have paid for abortions. Do I have guilt? Well no. Why? because I am smart enough to realize I did it because of what they tell you when you go into an abortion clinic and the propaganda others feed whether knowing or not knowing the actual facts. Do I wonder what my child would be like? No I now have 2 wonderful daughters and know they would be like them.Sadly because of my idiotic analytical mind I still don't care if someone aborts their child but only if they are properly informed before hand and I promise you Planned parenthood and these other clinics will not inform you properly as they are there to make money for killing baby's. I beg all to go look at fetus development images and then make your decision and then if you still don't care then that child is better off not being raised by you and probably better off dead because what you will see is different than the lies you have been fed.I should have 4 kids and I blame the people at planned kill babyhood.P.S. I am not a bible thumper or anything close but I am honest.

ANYONE who could do that.............can do anything!I think I'm going to throw up.

Baby butchers. It is nothing less than murder.

My stomach is throughly turned...so is my opinion on abortion.

Murder plain and simple

As she reaches in the filthy nasty toilet to cut its throat ... she claims, that "at first" she didn't know it was wrong!! Bull!! How cold hearted and evil can she be?? This has to be the lowest form of a human being there is!!

At this moment fury is raging inside me---especially because compassionless men &amp; women support this butchering and don't want anyone put to death for their murders. May someone snip your spines after the Day of Judgment!

There was discussion some years ago that legalizing abortion would eventually lead to post birth termination, so that parents could decide once they saw the baby, its gender, its health. We are very close to that sad reality. Not a proud moment for a "civilized" country....

Why is this a surprise? Much of our society has decided life has little value, our laws reflect it and this is simply the logical end of such a twisted philosophy.

It's wrong to murder babies, plain and simple.

MURDER !!!!!!!!Interesting how they are called babies when there is a miscarriage but not when they are aborted.

There are about as many babies killed every 1.5 years by abortions as there have been US citizens killed in all wars it has fought in (Revolutionary, Civil, WWI, WWII, Korea, Gulf, Vietnam, Spanish American etc.) combined.

this is horrific,how could anybody live with themselves after engaging in this. frigging sick!

This guy even looks creepy.

"Even so, it is not the will of your Father in Heaven, that one of these little one's should perish".

Those killed fetuses have souls. They will bear witness against their mommies.

I rarely cringe, but reading this article was pretty disturbing to say the least. Also, does anyone else think that 20 weeks is kind of pushing the limits of when a person should be allowed to get an abortion? And how the hell did it take this long for the doctor to get arested?

Sick people. Some people say it's a choice, a choice should not include murder of the innocent.

What the hell do  you think partial birth abortions are?

I couldn't even finish reading this.  I can't think of something more brutal than what this article portrayed.  Anyone who supports abortion should have to visit a place like this once in their life and see if they still support it when they walk out.Democrats at work.

Obama and Biden approve of this !! Disgusting.   Check out Planned Parenthood, they shouldn't get 1 cent of taxpayer money because they push partial birth abortions.

Go talk to parents in the neonatal ICUS, and ask them if these people are murderers.  I bet 100% of them would say yes. To people sticking up for these monsters, you should really take a good hard look at yourself.

Just when I think society can't get any sicker I read this story.  How jaded do you have to be to snip a babys' spine?

He even looks evil.

Jesus. What the hell have we become?Abortion is bad enough. But late-term abortions are gruesome, inhumane, and just plain sick.I doubt there's a hell hot enough for these medical "professionals."

In New Jersey, Kansas and others abortion is available up until delivery time. Cheer liberals.

I still don't understand why people who are all for abortions are all against the death penalty? Explain.

Wow. Just how, I mean why, hell I don't even have the words. This just makes me ill, physically ill. How can people be so horrid and cold?!

The cult of death.The cult of death.

The good thing about the internet is this #$%$ Gosnell is now widely known. He better start watching his back, at least he has a chance to do so-he took that chance from 10 souls. Damn this rotten nation for allowing liberals to impose Hitler laws upon us all.

Gotta love how Yahoo screens posts that talk about partial bIrth abortion!

This man is a filthy animal that degrades human beings too the point of being little more than a cheap commodity. One that exist only to be monetized, and then thrown away with the garbage. These late term abortion procedures are an absolute insult to humanity, and cheapen the very fabric of our society. Of course Barack and Moochchelle O'Bama tout them as being a wonderful and perfectly legal procedure. Well take this dirty #$%$ of a doctor and the O'Bamas and do too them what was done to these Innocent defenseless babies. If these procedures were practiced on a Coyote, PETA would be up in arms! But Liberal progressive #$%$ worship at the altars of this blood sport.

This made me physically ill.

How twisted must your thinking be when you don't know right away that cutting the neck of a baby is wrong???Our society has let itself become so desensitized to the destruction of millions of human beings cutting the neck of a new born baby isn't even seen as wrong right away.

Just another liberal at work....wack em and stack em.....

nothing is sacred to these devils.

Start filming people going in and out of abortion clinicsIt's legal to film anyone in public

Now we see how the love of money and greed takes murdering babies to it's absolute limit.  Did people really think abortionist and those who wanted to get rid of their babies would stop performing abortions at the first few weeks of pregnancy?  And if the woman decides she doesn't want the baby even as it is being born?  Just so the head does not come fully out of the birth canal, its brain may be scrambled with scissors through the neck killing the baby.  Those in favor of all types of abortion want the Partial Birth Abortion Ban lifted..The Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act defines "partial-birth abortion" as follows:"An abortion in which the person performing the abortion, deliberately and intentionally vaginally delivers a living fetus until, in the case of a head-first presentation, the entire fetal head is outside the body of the mother, or, in the case of breech presentation, any part of the fetal trunk past the navel is outside the body of the mother, for the purpose of performing an overt act that the person knows will kill the partially delivered living fetus; and performs the overt act, other than completion of delivery, that kills the partially delivered living fetus. (18 U.S. Code 1531)".Some abortion doctors found a way around the partial birth abortion ban:.A 2007 article in The Boston Globe reported that, in response to this statute, many abortion providers had adopted the practice of injecting the fetus with lethal drugs before all late-term abortions. Typically, a concentrated salt solution is injected directly into the fetal heart using ultrasound to guide the needle. Even though these providers do not perform intact dilation and extraction procedures, they feel the broad wording of the ban compels them "to do all they can to protect themselves and their staff from the possibility of being accused.".The blood of the murdered babies cries out for justice.This is what the Left is all for.  These sick crimes seem to escape their penchant for "social justice".  How anyone who is involved in abortions or supporting abortions can sleep at night knowing (or maybe not knowing) that someday they will have to explain their actions and support of this barbarity to God is simply amazing.

Are charges of racism still being thrown around towards the accusers?  Lowest form of #$%$ playing the race card.

That is terrible.

Planned parenthood  a synonym for  Woman's abortion factory... they are no better than this guy

I wonder how many of these babies cried before getting their spines severed!

Ok all you folks commenting, I will say if YOU voted for any president, I dont give a rip if it's Obama or Hitler that supports abortion. KEEP your mouth shut! Abortion is WRONG PERIOD!!These fools do it for convenience and now it has become a business. Go to a SAVE-A-LIFE seminar if you want to see the reality of it. The babies have NO choice, you beg to differ you MUST not have any children!

This is straight up BARBARISM under the phony, HYPED UP guise of 'Women's Rights'. I'm getting sick and tired of the far-left argument that it isn't a "life" with "rights" until the mother gives her last 'push' and you hear the first "Wah."YET, those same hypocrites are the first to demonize pro 2nd Amendment, pro-life Conservatives and blame THEM for the horrible deaths of children when tragedies like Newtown happen.  I say pfhuck that.  As I get older, I'm beginning to wonder if the far-left agenda gives a shee88 about children at ALL.

Did you read that this man &amp; this "clinic" were in an area pulling in minorities? The NAACP should be saying this is genocide!

I had to copy this from another poster...i'm 33. i was adopted. i now have 3 beautiful kids. i would like to take this moment, to say something to the mother i never met: THANK YOU for not having my spine cut. THANK YOU for not paying a doctor to stick me in a bucket to die. THANK YOU for not mashing my soft skull with a long rod. THANK YOU for not killing me through suffication of medication. THANK YOU, because i'm alive. even though we have never met, thank you. i will forever love you, mom.

OMG!!!  And THIS is the info the liberals don't want women to know before they have abortions? SHAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!In or out of the uterus the baby is the same person.Murder is murder.In your house or outside.Sick freaks.

"God bad, abortion good," says the Liberal.

MURDER. Only an immoral society would condone such treatment of children. If someone did this to a dog, they'd scream animal abuse, but a human, oh well.

there is a special place in hell for these democrats

I believe a woman should have the right to choose, but they should be able to figure out their choice in the first 15 weeks.  You have missed three periods and the gender is visible on ultrasound.  If you cannot make up your mind by then, you should be getting your tubes tied so you don't ever have to decide to kill a fetus ever again.

I wonder how the abortions rights folks feel about this? .....Doesn't seem to be any here?

And this is the tip of the ice berg. How many other abortion mills are doing the same thing day in and day out. All sanctioned by the government and the chief baby killer, Mr. Obama.

Nice.Not sure if this is right to life propaganda or not. It does bring up the issue of common sense and decency though....why the hell is anyone doing abortions this late term?Before you go off about banning abortion, read a little history from the time it was illegal in this country.No, all things considered, I would rather this not be outlawed. I would rather these Doctors be held accountable, and have set standards and guidelines. And licenses. And serious penalties for malpractice.I had an Aunt killed by a quack like this guy, in the late 1940s. And there were tons of these guys out there, operating under the radar, sterilizing and killing young women, for generations. They were not the exception, but the rule.Let's not go back there.

You liberals are some sick mother F'ers. More than likely they were babies born from liberal families which would have high odds they would be liberals too. I guess she was doing the world a favor.

Abortion Doctors are mostly psychotics like Ted Bundy, who found a legal outlet for their psychotic tendencies.I have no words for this.

The press rarely prints this stuff, usally what we hear is about a woman's "choice" and that she has a right to do whatever she wants with her body.

murder is murder, where's the death penalty when you need a deterrent for criminals to keep repeating unacceptable behavior?the mothers should be on the stand as accomplices also!

This is sick and disgusting why is a medical assistant doing that procedure..something is very wrong here... this is not the whole story...  a medical assistant can't do things like that...I hope they throw the book at them..If someone chooses to have an abortion that is one thing.. there needs to be oversight on what the clinics are doing...  I hope the DR looses their license

This is what the PRO LIFE movement has been saying all along.  Abortion is murdering babies.  Inside or outside the womb, same thing.

Just think folks these are liberal moms in distress, they can't be burdened by such trivial things such as babies.

Liberals are ME people.... everything is for them... they care nothing for anyone or anything but themselves....

This aint going to stop until Obama is out of office.... Liberals have given the devil 2 terms to destroy our great nation... It is time to impeach Obama... get the liberal's messiah out of the whitehouse... and send his black muslim back to kenya...

The doctor (?) and staff who did this horrible act should all face the death penalty.

At least those women could get back to whoring around.  It is their right, dangitLooks like an older Dr. Mengele, to me.  Maybe the pro choice protesters could carry big banners of these babie's pictures.  Say, see, we love to kill babies!  Yay!

Abortion has already killed more in America this year than guns will for the year.

I say snip the doctors and employees spines.  How can they live with themselves terminating a babys life?

Kermit Moton must be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law! Those who have already filed guilty pleas will seal his fate. This man must also be barred from practicing medicine forever, no matter what the outcome of his criminal trial.

Why did it take so long to bring him to trial!  I hope they got it right -it's 2013.

Death to baby killers!

Ahhh, the joys of having an "educated", "progressive" society always moving "forward"... Just like the Russians did. Just like the Germans and Italians did. Moving "forward", in to repetitious history!Don't blame me, I voted for the Mexican capitalist.

We have become what we once despised.

Buh-bye Dr. Death.   Enjoy prison.

I guess any woman wanting an abortion should check her gun at the door --sarcastic and meant to be libsHow do these people live with themselves.  the guy pictured in this article looks like a nazi criminal.

Tom, whether ur pro abortion or anti abortion how could anyone be proud of that horrific act? Speak with some sanity or shut the #$%$ up!!!

What a sad, sad commentary on America. No wonder we are going down the tubes.

This is beyond sick but the Progressives will defend him to the end.

It's not the &lt; 90 IQ types who get abortions who are evil; it's the middle smart in that 100 to 115 IQ range who want abortion to be legal, even though they'd never get one, themselves. They're the ones who need to be thrown into the sea. Have the balls to sterilize the unfit, or s(t)f(u).

Yikes.  I'm totally pro-abortion--and this makes me ill.

Moton: She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't."----Are you fricking kidding me?!

Some "people" need to be lynched!!!

More murderous abortions in this nation are caused by women than there are kids murdered by guns!

Oh My God!  This is horrific.How many people would volunteer to snip his neck and call it a "late term abortion". WOW Roe vs Wade was really about culling the lower rungs of of the social ladder

There will have to be a special place in HELL for these sickos......

liberals and demonrats do not give a second thought at killing children. this type of abortion happens more often then reported.

Abortionists should be willing to have their own life snuffed out for the sake of abortion!

Notice the abortionist never wants themselves killed just other people.

No problem...at least no one was inconvenienced by a birth. I wonder why the left places such a premium on abortion...54 million dead. That's more than the #$%$ killed, more than Stalin, more than Lenin. That's equals every...EV-ER-Y person in the 3 west coast (lower 48) states...gone, no chance to fulfill the promise of life. Is this the American dream?

"I never felt pain like that, ever."  How do you think the BABY felt when he was doused with chemicals and his spine was cut with scissors?!!!!!

America the Beautiful , it was nice while it lasted

This just isn't a sick s.o.b., it is a monster! When are people going to realize abortion is murder!

cold blooded murder,,,,cold blooded murder,,,,

Wow, what an awful story . . .

If population-control is the argument, then why do these people condemn abstinence and defend abortion?

0bama supports legislation that allows late-term abortions.   He sponsored the law in Illinois!

He is a Monster a mass murderer.

Is this what oBSama advocates for?

murderes

This is the society you pro-abortion fools have brought upon us.

I don't even know if we still have a National Day of Prayer, but we need a National Day of Repentance at the very least.

eeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwww    HORRIBLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   throw him in with Sandusky and other evil monsters.Ahhh, the lynching card.  Really, I guess that's what a murderer deserves.

The murder of babies will not be forgotten nor forgiven.  From Dante's Inferno, the eternal reward for those who support these evil acts is, "Enter here all without hope."  So if the shoe fits, wear it libbies.  'Nuff said...

The doctor is the one who sounds like a racist pig. Taking advantage of minorities and killing their babies like they are trash.

They've manipulated the language as well."Abortion" used to mean "removal of a miscarriage". But is that what's going on here?

give them all the death penalty

Feminism must be soo proud of itself.....

Liberals want to take away our guns to protect ourselves and our family'slives,but they're ok with murdering the most helpless unprotected children of all,the unborn.

The crimes of a guilty land cannot be washed away but with blood. John Brown.

I'm amazed at the sicko's that think this is ok !

Nothing to worry about, killing babies has become an industry in this country. She'll probably get a bonus for making quota later.I can't believe the liberal media even printed this story....Liberalsm is a sickness to a healthy society

enough said....this article only needs to be read by all

Question...would it be illegal for the workers at this clinic to let these babies live ?

1st degree murder.... Nothing less

These people are death camp soldiers.

abortion is selfish in every level from everyone involved.

Abortion is murder at any age.... why is 18 weeks any different than 21 weeks?

I hope the miserable POS that did this is haunted by the memories for life.

I don't know what to say about this story except I am ashamed to be part of the same species as this thing!

I often have thought of what *right* the unborn would have to kill if it had access to lethal force.  But it cannot defend itself.  It is weak and the doctor has the scissors.  It is as simple as that.I often have thought of what *right* the unborn would have to kill if it had access to lethal force.  But it cannot defend itself.  It is weak and the doctor has the scissors.  It is as simple as that.

Anyone who sticks up for this POS is SICK !!!

Snipped the spines of babies...I wanna scream at how mad these people are. Soon the jails will not be enough to contain the amount of animals society is breeding.

I remember Nancy Pelosi,Hillary Clinton and all the people who vote against criminalizing killing the obviously viable fetuses.They all are behind this butcher !

"Worker admits cutting 10 babies at abortion clinic"nice way to water-down a headline. like the babies cut their knees.why not say he admitted murdering 10 babies?

I cried when I read this story

He should have worked in Chicago instead where Obama made sure this was not a crime.

Never show the doctor's photo?

Liberalism is a Mental Disorder !!!   SO TRUE !!!

And the doctor got rich doing this.  Gross!She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't."How could someone be so damaged mentally, not to know that was wrong?

According to the left its only a fetus(not a baby)so like the germens (declaring jews and gypsies non human) it makes it ok to kill, all these baby killers will one day stand before God

I cannot believe I am reading this. Is this what happens in an abortion clinic? If so, these people are all murders. PERIOD!

Holy F(*$#&amp;***&amp;_*&amp;#@^$@%$#&amp;***#$ !!!!!!!Need I say more?

The "medical assistant" ? @#$%^&amp; she testified that "SHE" ( can you call her she?)snipped the spines of at least 10 babies during unorthodox abortions.This is one of the sickening statements I ever heard off in my entire life and I think must be an investigation on how "this clinics procedure" are made. Maybe this is the top of the iceberg..

Systematic barbaric murder.

Those son of a #$%$ should be trailed for murder and have their spines rip out.

When a nation does not value life and has no conscious is it any surprise what that nation will become. Sick, selfish and perverted is sadly what we have become.

What a cretin. He is an outright murderer. This is not about abortion.

The Democrats will nominate him for the Nobel Peace Prize.The Democrats will nominate him for the Nobel Peace Prize.

Can we not agree that late term abortion (third trimester), EXCEPT in cases where the mothers life is endangered by the continued pregnancy, should be ILLEGAL??

We avoid activities and progress to keep from destroying a flower or some insect that is protected by federal law and then we treat human life in this manner.  And of course the lawyer had to play the race card.  The sad fact is when this trial is over, he will be convicted more so for the pill mill that for the deaths of the woman and babies.

Stupid question but, if they are supposedly dead (i.e. no living) why are they snipping spines and necks? Could it be cause it's a living HUMAN BEING??????????

Promoted by liberal America.

And your media chose to put a picture of a white guy with this horric story when the accused are all BLACK...  Racism is alive and well

Hard to believe a person getting 20-40 years if she doesn't testify. I'll wait for other testimony, but the 250K in cash sure is suspicious.

A women who would have a late term abortion is no women at all.

It seems a bit weird that they refer to them as babies but a just few hours earlier they were nothing more that a biological fetus when the women walked in for the abortion.  I guess as long as you kill it in the womb it's OK.  It's still not a human being.

I've known it was wrong to cut a babies throat since I was born.  A highschool kid doing it is murder, even if your boss tells you it's ok.Wow!.....human(babies) life is so meaningless to these monsters......shame on you all for treating humans as disposable garbage.....

I support a woman's right to choose during the first trimester and later in case of a deformed fetus; however, this is beyond the scope of what I can tolerate.

What the hell kind of a headline is that - "cutting 10 babies"? It should read "killing 10 babies". How creatively euphemistic the media morons can be.

These weren't abortions, by the sound of it.  If those babies were delivered alive, that becomes murder.  I'm a strong advocate of a woman's right to choose, but that does not include this situation.  This is utterly reprehensible.

Obama supported the killing of babies that were born alive

Somebody should snip his spine !

Wait, this isn't the Liberal utopia as planned?

HANG THIS PIECE OF #$%$.

This testimony and pictures is what should be posted all over TV whenever a liberal attempts to run for office or mention abortion

OMG!  All those infants!  Horrifying!Remember Sandra Fluk ..She fought to have free birth control and unlimited murder of babies for liberal women...When a doctor and a woman both know the baby is at 30 weeks ..it is a conspiracy to commit murder ...The ones who had the abortions should be standing right beside the doctor and nurses in court being tried for murder ..They were the enablers to begin with

purely sick and evil and nothing new. We have bans on sodas and trans fat, protected endangered species but the abortions go merrily on. Note that the abortion doctor "caters" to minorities.

" A person is a person, no matter how small." Dr. Suess.

Abortion is not birth control as the LIBERAL would have you think, it is MURDER.  So, abort your child, you just murdered it.      Sad, very sad.   Once a seed has sprouted, it has life, once an egg is fertilized, it has life.  Killing the unborn with out their permission is murder.How could anyone think different.

My God, if this does not meet the criteria for murder, nothing does.

MURDER!  People adopt children from Russia, but we murder, mutilate, poison the most innocent and unprotected in our society.  There are some sick pukes out there.

This is so sad.  I cannot get the picture of someone cutting a babys neck with sissors out of my mind.  How could someone do this without having a breakdown.

Anyone that has ever defended abortion, called it a "choice" or, God forbid "women's health care" owns a piece of this horror story.

Hows that for a feel good story for you gutless libs that condone this #$%$?You "people" are disgusting PERIOD

It is amazing, the government wants to take my gun and people like this work and walk the street each day.There has to be a very special place in hell for people like this and I hope that each and every one that kills a late term baby finds it, experiences it and stays for ever in it.

It's odd, because very few people I talk to know that our current president, when he was a senator, voted yes on the allowance of partial birth abortion--where the doctor or nurse delivers a viable baby and then kills him/her. Voted YES. That's who we have running our country.

Shouldn't this be MURDER????

Just developed goose bumps reading this story. Snip the spines of 10 babies and joked about it? What is wrong with the doctor? Where happened to the hippocratic oath? The human race has become so sick.

This makes me sick!  What's even worse is Liberals support this behavior, while telling us we can't drink 20 oz. cokes or own guns!

10 babies !  The Left has a new hero.

What a terribly sick world we live in.

How do go home to dinner and sleep after killing a couple of babies?  It takes a very special group of people to do this type of business.  I am sure there is a very special place for you...

At 12 weeks, the baby has a heartbeat and a blood supply and blood type of it's own (not the mother's).

Another glorious victory for "Roe v. Wade".what's wrong with it? liberals and dems see no shame in this, so why is it even news from the liberal media?

How do you not feel for that infant.  Isn't that natural to feel compassion for a newborn infant?  How barbaric.  I appreciate that the AP is covering this.

Unborn humans are the ONLY humans legally considered NON-PERSONS.  Of course, if you go back in history, this was not the case.  As long as any human is considered a non-person, that category can (again) be expanded to include others.............BEWARE

This is repulsive. Can't even begin to say how disgusted I am.

Obama's Administration will have government pay extra for spine snippers!

Why are these murders being called abortions.  Killing a live baby is certainly not an abortion.  Disgusting and terrible reporting.

Obama and liberals back this and sit silent.

This is so sickening. How could do anyone do such a thing!! Cutting the throat of a newborn baby...it's chilling.

how about snipping their spines !

Regardless of what you damned libs and libers insist abortion is not about any womans healthcare, not about any womans body, not about any womans choice.  It is about profit for the abortion industry and its feminist allies.If a fetus is not even alive until it is born, then why are expecting mothers wasting so much time and money on prenatal care for a dead fetus?  Exactly.

I think a certain amount of people in society are just pure evil.

What does Gosnell, Planned Parenthood, Roe vs Wade, and obama all have in common?  21 million dead babies blood on their hands!

I would surely not want to have to explain playing God to God.

"Prosecutors accuse him of killing late-term, viable babies after they were delivered alive, in violation of state abortion laws."Why does that violate abortion laws?  That's murder.  But, hey, let's start doing routine post-partum abortions on the dregs of society, who have already become sociopaths or permanently dependent.  Why waste time aborting those who are completely and totally innocent?

Murder at 5 weeks or 35 weeks is still murder.

These are the people that helped keep Obama in office for another 4 years!!The Demo-Ratic party is PRO-ABORTION!!

Why show a photo of the lawyer instead of the butcher?

It's a woman's choice because it is her body right? Well, I don't think it is her spine getting "snipped". The sad truth is, the left has killed more children than Hitler, Stalin, and Pol Pot combined.

So let me get this straight.  A BLACK doctor returns to his BLACK neighborhood and commits MURDERS.  Just more 'BLACK ON BLACK' violence.  But don't worry the BLACK leaders will be telling their subjects to be 'Wary of the White Man'.is there any good abortion clinics? we say NO, NOT ONE.

Why do they need to post a picture of the Gosnells attorney? Why not a picture of Gosnell in court?

Keep chipping away at society's humanity and this is what you get.  Using semantics like a "women's right to choose" to  justify abortion just clouds the issue. Abortion simply is the destruction of a living being, done after more than a few weeks of conception when there is a nervous system is just inhumane. That the government wanted to pander to wome's goups and allow late term abortion is just sick, this case is the face of abortion. And i personally believe in abortion, in the very very early stages, but late term abortions are sick.

Many of you voted for the democrat party,which supports this kind of disgusting thing. Now you have it.

"She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't.""Excuse me; #$%$ did you think you were doing, trying to cut the head off of a doll?May you and the whole bunch that are/were involved in this tragedy rot in the bottom of hell!

A woman is driving to a clinic to have an abortion. She is hit by a drunk driver, she survives but the baby is killed. The courts charge the man with vehicular manslaughter for killing the unborn child, the one she was going to have aborted.

Credit for this kind of despicable act should all be given to your lovable Democratic Party.

Is this what you%^$ ^%$%^ &amp;*^&amp;^% $%^$#$ Liberals want? It's no wonder the Devil look like your cult Hero.You can go ahead and call it choice. But you know what it is.

Cutting ? No killing!

Guns don't kill. The Liberals' Abortionists do.Pure Evil!

As if there is a humane way to kill a baby...

This is all okay according to Obama, and his administration. Sickening.

It doesn't get any sicker than that.How could some one would do this for a paycheck?What happened to their oath of "do no harm" ?

But its all in the name of women's rights.

Left wing people are sick.  This is Killing Fields evil.  This kind of barbarity is beyond comprehension.  You have to hate life to support this.

I really wish that I could unread this. It makes my heart cry.

I hope they were black or gay babies

Liberals are more outraged when someone is cruel to animals.  These people are f'ed in the head!

The liberal agenda would like to eventually extend it to the unknowing and unusefull elderly. LMAO ..... it won't be Paul Ryan pushing grandma over the cliff, suk-ers.All you pro-abortion types must be very proud.

This whole story is absolutely sickening!  What is wrong with the people in this house of horrors!

[[ A medical assistant told a jury Tuesday that she snipped the spines of at least 10 babies during unorthodox abortions at a West Philadelphia clinic, at the direction of the clinic's owner.]]Hope this joker was PROUD of his 'accomplishments'   --- How desperate must one be to keep a job such as this.  Hey, you might as well work at a slaughter house.  I'm sure they pay equally as good too...

Do we get to start calling pro-choice people "abortion nuts" now?

Snip with scissors, saw off with a dull knife. Terrorist are all alike.

Think of how our country would change, if every pro-abortionist simply fell over dead---all at the same moment in time..... Well, I can dream, can't I?

Liberals at their finest hour.

OK liberals, please defend this.  Please make these people victims.  I know you want to.  I would love to hear it.  When you support unlimited abortions, as Obama does, this is what you get.

Disgusting murderers!

Planned parenthood at its best according to the Liberal democrats.One of the leftist Devils who will burn in Hell for eternity.Ban all abortions!!"If we can 'save even one child" - Obama, Jan 14, 2013

Planned Parenthood = Nazi Eugenics and the liberals changed it from a sick science into a business.

This is one time, I really wish there was a place like hell for these people.  This is nothing more than mass murder but what the hell, those babies have no rights.  Only their mothers do. In my opinion, the mothers should be on trial too.

"Unorthodox abortions"...otherwise known as "murders". This butcher delivered live babies and then executed them.

Sick! A baby is a baby no matter how small!!!

What kind of Headline is This!?!? What a Horror to learn that this kind of practice can go on. I really feel so sorry for the females that walked through his door.When he Does go to prison, which he is very likely to end up I can only imagine what the "General Population" is going to do to/with him. I'm sure they won't take kindly to what he did. Lynching Indeed! His defense lawyer is grasping by his fingertips. If That's the kind of defense he has then that lawyer is kicking this monster straight into prison.THIS is more important to know about than that dumb Jodi Arais case. What's the Big Deal about her?

God is watching us. We have completely lost our moral compass and God is watching.

A "Progressive" DemocRAT bumper sticker ~ "Save the Whales...Kill the Babies !"

Sounds bad. Will wait for a jury decision before I judge. Too many sheep only believe what they are told to believe.

God will deal with these type of people in his own time..and it won't be pleasant.This is what the democrats and the left advocate for?

so , if the killing is performed thru the doorway of the vagina its an abortion and legal ----but if the killing is performed after the baby travels far enough thru the birth canal  it is murder???how can people possibly say there is a difference ??? cut the babies spine in-utero and it is less of a killing--the baby is less dead---the baby deserves less protection??? Democrats are disgusting when they scream for the "right" to chop a baby to pieces

that's   awful   killing  them babies .

"She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't.""How do you not know that cutting a babies neck with scissors is wrong? This person is not human and should be charged with multiple counts of murder.

Liberals are against war, liberals are against guns, liberals are against god, liberals are against the constitution, but by golly, they really love the right to kill their babies!!!!!

The media won't show pics of the baby killer because he's black.

Wow, how can you kill a baby?

This story turns my stomach.

EVERYONE who works in the abortion industry is sick....seriously sick.  I'm not talking about doctors who work at hospitals and have to make lightining quick decisions to save a mothers life....I'm talking about "medical" personnel who work in abortion clinics, clerical workers, too.  Disgusting and sick.

More proof that abortion and those who crusade for it are elements of the same  culture of death.  It's one of the two great sins of America.This is the kind of thing Obama voted to legalize as an Illinois senator.

Murderer.

Looks like Josef Mengele.  More "CHOICE" in action.

Nothing we mortals can do to those people could be called justice according to their crimes against those most helpless innocent babies so let them serve their earthly sentence and then leave it to the wrath of G*d, for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay", saith the Lord.

The Constitution is clear on this, "A woman's right to kill her unborn children shall not be infringed."

If abortion is OK, then why not show what abortion entails, in all it's gory splendor, and let the mothers truly make an informed decision.  How can you decide on anything when you are kept in the dark (or deliberately keep yourself in the dark) about what you are actually choosing?  Abortion is an ugly business.  No matter how you gloss over it, you are killing a defenseless little human.   If you choose it, then you should own it.

How on Earth can the Far Left defend this?  Yet they will.  The same Far Left will hold vigils if a murder will be executed, yet think nothing of the killing of an unborn child who has harmed nobody.  Sick!

how could she kill a baby with scissors...unbelievable...

I'm not sure whether to absolve the women who were allowed to decide have their child's life ended.Would they have made the same decision if they had been educated on how the procedure is actually done, and informed the truth that the 'fetus' is actually a human person who feels the pain of being ripped apart?Sorry, wouldn't want to make anyone feel guilty.  Sorry if I intruded on your constitutional right to pursue guilt-free happiness.

How can we stand by and watch all the murder?  Why does the law protect these killers?How can we stand by and watch all the murder?  Why does the law protect these killers?

Nasty business. Abortion is murder plain and simple.

Typical liberal Obama Democrat who has no care of the value of human life. America deserves better.

Scissors dont kill babies, abortionists do! I guess if they used an assault rifle the libs might cry about it too!

There are those in high places who see no problem with insuring still birth doing whatever is necessary.

Ted Kennedy is clapping in his grave.He loved abortions,also.

And they'll even abort them just because if they feel they are not the right gender.

Just another run-of-the-mill liberal.

Terrible eye opening story to what we've become, we're evil and we will suffer for it.

and they say firearms are dangerousTerrible eye opening story to what we've become, we're evil and we will suffer for it.

and they say firearms are dangerous

This doc is really sick!  Someone outa clip his spine!!!

Uh-oh, the word black has entered the picture.  This will go nowhere as it will be called racial bigotry to persecute a man for doing what he knows now to do.  And they will say he would have made all that money because he is a lawyer. Poor little ones ain't got a chance.

I'm not a life at conception person, but if you have to snip a spine life has begun.  This is as sick as it gets.

20-40 years in prison is not nearly enough.  A guilotine to show them what it was like for the infants would be more appropriate.

IRS will be next on his case.

Abortion is murder.We euthanize our pets more humanely.In reading some of the comments below, and their questions, one stands out: Who could snip a child's spine? Someone in league with the devil.

Oh yeah, but abortion is not murder.  Only if you shut your mind and eye to it.  Disgusting.

Sounds like murder to me with a lot of accomplices.Pull the veil of this despicable practice.  We DON"T need new laws.  We just need people to see up close and personally what happens in these modern, sanitized Nazi ovens.  Then it will stop cold turkey.  You don't need laws to keep children from eatting their parents.

Great candidate for the death penalty!

Jeremiah 1:5Before I formed you in the womb I knew you.--50,000,000 babies killed in America since Margaret Sanger and "planned parenthoods" population control agenda has been in effect.-Would a "loving and just God" avenge those murders?

There is significant disrespect for all human life in our whole, rapidly declining, American society and culture..

That is sick.

What's next ?  Being able to kill them up to a year old ?   I agree, it is murder,  if life stops when a heart stops beating (as defining death) then why doesn't life start when a heart starts beating ?

Many people say that a baby doesn't count as "life" while still in the womb. While I personally disagree, I don't think any sane person could disagree that killing a baby alive and out of the womb is murder/infanticide. How could you do that? How could you look at that innocent little baby in your hands and cut its spine and watch it die?

We had a clinic in N. Charleston, the Dr. was from Columbia, S.C. He would cut the femur arteries in the babies, and wait for them to die. One was in a stainless steel tray for two days, before he died. He was placed in the tray, left on top of the hot water heater, and finally died. This Dr. has since passed, and I am sure is in hell...where the rest of the abortion providers need to be! Abortion is murder...

Just think of the thousands upon thousands of other babies that have had the same fate. Genocide!

#$%$ is wrong with our society when things like this can happen? That's not chioce...that's murderYou shouldn't kill your child, instead give your baby to a family who can't have children.

Hoorrray scream the Libs.  This is what makes Liberals proud.

Ahh the liberal agenda at its finest!

i believe this is one of the most horrific stories i have ever read,  it may be the most horrific story ever.  if i were a defense attorney, i'd be disbarred so that i didn't have to defend this man.  anyone and everyone involved should receive the same exact treatment.  this is one horrible, stinking, dispicable society.

What kind of monster could do such a thing? These people are sick!

Why aren't all of the PP advocates on here defending their wonderful practice?

That is some sick, #$%$.

The SOB needs to be split in half and see how he likes it FN bast###

Ah, yes, more mass murders done... with a pair of scissors? O. M. G.

Do any of you really think those babies are dead when the doctors take those stem cells?Do any of you really think those babies are dead when the doctors take those stem cells?

Once a society has decided to kill some of its members because they don't have the ability to fight back, does it REALLY matter whether they are in the mother's natural incubator, in a hospital incubator or swaddling blanket, 2 years after birth or 5?

Pro-abortion folks-Just when is that (thing), before it's born, at what second in time does it become a human?  I mean,  there has to be an exact moment when you consider it Life.  When is that exact moment and how can You tell.   It's off, but Now, It's On.  LIFE.  When is that?

So where are all the libs telling us how wonderful all this is??

Here is a sad truth, abortion is just population control. Do the minorities who support mostly Democratic candidates realize that the majority of abortions/murders taking place are on little  innocent black babies? Do they want to continue the genocide of the race and keep voting these people in?

This doctor has been preforming abortions since 1970's  and he is a Black man,not a photoshopped white guy.

Children should be afraid, there really are monsters out there.

Maybe it would be better if women avoided sex until they are ready to raise a family.

Its grim, there's a part of society that is barely third world.

there really needs to be a set amount of time to do this.. two months or less..You that voted for your experimental leader are hell bound,

I'm a big believer in 'Not my Body not my Business' but this is disgusting.

The Elliot institute puts out information on the complications of abortion, death of the mother is one of them.

Can they abort the doctor?

If you want an abortion you should have to kill the child yourself so you know how this is actually done. You spread your legs, and the consequence is a murdered baby...

Kermit Gosnell is a piece of human garbage.

An people wonder why many people oppose abortion.

I really don't see what the big deal is here.(SARCASM) We have killed 50+ MILLION babies and someone is upset because this clinic didn't do it correctly? Unbelievable!!

All abortions are the murder of unborn human beings. It is the end of our society, when we begin the senseless killing of the innocent. We're all a little less human as a result.

I guess libs are to ignorant to use rubbers....Goes on the little head stupid!Abortion #$%$ me off. I went through red-tape hell and a mountain of money to adopt my daughter. Throwing away perfectly good humans is just stupid.

anything for money

"How dare you wear that fur coat," says the Liberal.

I'm going to have nightmares tonight.  In the meantime I think I'll throw up.

Adrienne Moton - She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't."

Yep, and we're supposed to call this "choice"How do you like the "choice" now?

Any liberals out there think this is okay? I hope we all draw the line before this. This is disgusting. I would vote pro choice every time before reading this, now I am going to pay a lot more attention to those words.

So immoral, it made me feel physically ill reading that sh/t ..

The child was measured at 30 weeks? These people have made me physically ill. My son was born at 28 weeks. 2.2lbs. He is now 5 years old and the best little boy in the world. My god, I dont even know what to say. I am just ill.

abortion is murder .................#$%$??? this is a phuqing horror movie!!! cutting spines, cutting throats in the toilet??? #$%$??? #$%$ monsters. and I'm NOT EVEN anti abortion!!!!!

While I believe that every woman has the right to a safe, clean, private abortion should she so choose, I have a real problem with the late stage abortions. Those are not fetuses, those are babies, pink healthy babies as described above. That is murder. And I do not believe that she didn't know cutting a baby's neck with scissors was wrong. Bullshark! And all this for money.

When are we going to stop the genicide in this country. Abortion is murder in any form. This is the most racist form of genicide in modern history. If you study the history of this you will find that is was meant to stop the pregnancies of poor unwed mothers in low income neighborhoods for the purpose of preventing future crime. Too bad it got sold as a womans rights issue and the liberals bought into it. Sad.

If this article changes one person that abortion is wrong then "Horray!"

We have evolved into a horrible society.Back in the '60s and '70s, people would cringe reading a story such as this...Now, a large percentage will defend these procedures!!

where he thought life ment nothing we now will judge what his life is worth... worthless.

Any one that thinks murdering unborn children this way is ok needs mental help! Sick!

Yup that's typical liberal behavior.  That's what happens when we devalue life.

This man is not a doctor he is a murderer and took some joy and a lot of money taking advantage of the pain of scared woman. He belongs in jail. How in God's name can anyone after  a live baby is born, even if it may not live, cut the neck or their spine. How cruel and callous is that act?? It's so disgusting to even speak of. Yet we have a million human beings killed a year in almost the same way. Only those are usually torn apart while still in the uterus. Just because you can't see or feel their pain doesn't mean those humans didn't feel being torn apart while being aborted. This is what we do to our young, so why are we shocked when we hear of horrible rapes, murders and such. We are a race of cruel and inhumane people who are willing to kill our own young. It's just disgraceful.!!

Our government protects eagle eggs and spotted owel, but issues license to kill to every woman and her abortionist. How sad.Why do Liberals always embrace the worst society has to offer?

This guy deserves a needle in his arm.  How disgusting!!!  Poor babies.  They could have brought such joy to a couple who couldn't have children.

Abortion has become a "death industry"....they sell baby parts to research facilities &amp; colleges, and once it is reduced down to collagen etc, it gets into other stuff, like moisturizers &amp; make-up!  My GOD,what are we doing here?!!

these people are the Megeles and Auschwitz and Dachau of today

planned parenthood = democrat death camp

....and just who voted for this.....Obama pushed it......Joe Biden and Nancy Pelosi.....such good catholics pushed for it.....I really don't know how you sleep at night.....OMG...this is the year 2013....there should be no unwanted pregnancies.....it's called education....don't kill the innocent for the stupidity of the dumb....

Snip his spine.

I only can say one thing: Hang those people high and cut their spines and let them bleed out!!!

Evil now bordering on sinister.

Murder.  I would SERIOUSLY adopt any baby about to be aborted.  Why are there no "hookup" groups or venues for that.  Most of us against abortion would adopt rather than see a child murdered.What a bunch of evil barbarians.  Gee, I wonder who they voted for in 2012?  Liberals disgust me!!!!!!

This is disgusting.  What a monster.  This should be headline news on every station but of course it will not be.

Doctor Mengele is back?

Can we abort congress?

The stories, and accounts of whether or not abortion is legal or even illegal is not of real concern to me. What disturbs me, is that there are people in our society who actually perform these types of procedures. In my opinion, these are very mentally sick people, who would take on this type of work or profession.

kind of like a war against gametocytes

Nothing like Obama's Red Chinese post birth abortions

sick   s. o. b.'s ! in the eyes of libs this is not murder? who could do this to a baby? you wouldnt kill a dog like that!

They don't care about anyone's life! They're a disgrace to the human race!

They admit to "cutting" babies?  No, they killed them.  I'm surprised they even used the term "babies" in the headline, rather than the old reliable "inviable tissue mass".I am grateful that my mother did not have a vacation planned when she became pregnant with me, or I would have been killed at Planned Parenthood.

LIberals support this but hate AR's. What a crock.

Well this is liberalism at it's finest.  Ban guns to protect the children but keep killing a million children a year with abortion.  I am pro abortion but this is just crazy.

Welcome to Obamastan....

..........and Christ weeps to as each one of these babies are murdered!!!I can't believe any modern society willingly allows the Murder of healthy unborn Children!!!!

Trying to play the race card to excuse that pos that calls himself doctor. He killed minority babies, they were the victims. That lawyer sucks.

For those who vote in favor of Democrats that support the continued funding of planned parenthood and these types of clinics, think about the innocent babies that are being killed brutally in the name of "women's rights."  How can a "civilized" society allow this and stand by doing nothing.  God have mercy on all our souls.  Just remember, it was Obama who voted in favor of allowing a baby that survived an abortion to be left to die as a senator from IL.

The Sad Part of this Story is that the Same People that Find this Disgusting VOTED For Obama Who Supports Abortion even in the Last Trimester

This is the logical extension of pro-abortion people. This is their argument/rationalization: What is the difference between one day before the threshold and the day of? The answer is, nothing. And they are right. They are right because the threshold for life that the states put in place are bogus. When it is tied to viability, it all comes down to the subjective definition of viability, and it opens Pandora's box. Those who think the baby is alive, and are for essentially legalized murder, will have no problem killing the one month old baby. And it goes on from there. A murder is a murder, and I for one hope that each and every one of you murders suffer for what you have done...

This would only be a problem if it was done in a "back alley."  Thank goodness it didn't happen there because then it would be really bad.Will not happen in South Dakota with the heart beat law.

Hang this Trash

So to all Obama supporters...are you still for LATE term abortions for ANY reason what so ever???? That is what Obama wants and a lot of liberals want that too. How can someone that is ALIVE from a botched abortion and then be MURDERED be legal?

This is like a feminists buffett!

Liberals ..this is what you voted for ..This is what your black messiah voted for when He was in the Illinois senate ..Is this what you want ...cut the spines of babies ??...yeah ..you do want it dont you

This is one very explicit example why abortions should be abolished. All abortions are murder, but how many late term living kicking moving loving babies have also been murdered. There is nothing of value in the world today. If life in not valued what is? I know your life, well think about when it interferes with someone elses life yours is gone! Footnote: see all the murders every day in the papers of people who kill others because they just want them dead, or they like to kill! Stop murdering babies!

Planned parenthood is nothing but planned murder.... It seems like liberals put names on things that mean the exact opposite of what they are....

I threw up when I read this article.

Worker admits cutting 10 babies at abortion clinic, meanwhile obama's killer drones keep flying over American skies.sleep well America.

That is murder, all should be charged and sent to prison. This is beyond comprehension.And the King will answer and say to them. 'Assuredly, I say to you, inasmuch as you did it to one of the least of these my brethren, you did it to me.' Mathew 25:40

Do the same to him !

Over the counter birth control, a LOT of countries have it! This is SICK, make birth control easier to obtain!

I remember seeing a picture of the signs at the Democrat Convention on the front of National Review.  People were holding up signs with "Abortion" and cheering.  That seemed to be more important than the 16 trillion debt.

That guy looks like a baby killer.

Murder! More killed by abortion than any other type of violence. Where is the liberal cry for these poor defensless chilren? Where is Diane F. and her concern for the safety of children here? Not, because she is a selfish irresponsible freeloader liberal like most others are.

"Prosecutors accuse him of killing late-term, viable babies AFTER THEY WERE DELIVERED ALIVE..."In other words, these were not late-term abortions as many of you here have asserted.

My mouth is still wide open.

I hope after people know the truth of abortion they will become pro-life.

The same people who want you to watch animal cruelty videos for the sake of animal rights condemn the showing of abortion videos more than any other group.Ulterior motives, anyone?A womans right is aparantly a right to co conspire with a doctor to murder.

Only people not at risk to be aborted defend abortion.

Progressive liberals at work.

The babies has a spine...what else...a heart...what else...a brain...what else...lungs...the Sickness never ends with the Liberals !

I hope the whole group rots in hell .

2 Choices: Pro-Life or Pro-Death

Sick f  u  c  k.

I don't understand how anyone can support abortion.  If it has a heart beat, it is alive, and it is murder to end that heart beat.

She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't."Abortions are typically performed in utero.no one will ever convince ME that a person cutting a babys neck didnt know it was wrong !

This is not an isolated case.  What do you think happens to babies in abortion clinics?  Time to open your eyes, America and see this is legalized MURDER!This is not an isolated case.  What do you think happens to babies in abortion clinics?  Time to open your eyes, America and see this is legalized MURDER!

Wait; is the photo Dr. Kermit Gosnell's defense attorney Jack McMahon ? Way to go, Yahoo!

This guy is an animal. Oh, that's right. Obama voted for late term abortion... hmmmm?

Our president voted for this so called abortion twice as a congressman.Sick and diseased is all I can say!

Planned Parenthood changed it's name to"Planned Murderers"

I'm surprised the ACLU isn't defending the murder

Anything for money, especially when the government and taxpayers are footing the bill

Evil.

This what Pro choice is about, killing babies... Obama brings us nothing but despair upon us... My God, have you liberals any morals or decency? How can you liberals live with yourselves.

These are the kinds of "coat hanger" abortions that legalizing abortion was supposed to eliminate.This is the slippery slope legalized abortion leads to. Legalized abortion leads to 'trigger happy' for-profit cold blooded baby killers who prey on low-income women who're afraid because they don't  know how else to deal with their situation. Killing inconvenient children of low-income mothers to be, is discrimination against the impoverished and the uneducated. As for when the child goes from being a fetus to a baby, once it transforms from mucus to the appearance of a human body, it is a child. For those who do not want their baby, the morning after pill is acceptable because the child is still mucus and has not acquired a physical form. We as a society should be helping these desperate women, not preying on them by only offering them an abortion as a solution to their problem. Oh, and once a woman has an abortion, it haunts her forever. Her mental health is never the same and she always wonders what would have been if she'd been able to keep her baby. As for pregnancy's that are the result of rape, if an abortion takes place as a result of rape, the rapist should automatically receive the death penalty and disposed of in the same exact way the child was.

You might find it hard to believe, but God does forgive these people in Christ if they come under conviction and into faith.

All abortion doctors should be tried for murder because that's what it is.If it was rape or the mother's life is in danger then sobeit,otherwise it is murder.Don't give me it's a woman's body and it's her choice bs,it's the babies body and they have no choice in the murder.All women who have legal abortions should have to cut the baby's throat when it is taken out so they can really make the choice,then they'd think twice about doing it.They made the choice to have unprotected sex,they can make that one too.They should cut these doctors spines in half and see how it feels.It is a mother's responsibility to protect the life of her child at all costs,not to destroy them.

Sick sick animals die in hell!!!

How can a women claim any abortion is her right?

I am pro choice. But this guy needs to be put away for a long time. This is bad real bad.

You can put these people in the same category with the wackos that shoot up schools, movie theaters and political meet and greets.

Wonder if he is a democRAT. Hmmmmmmmmmmm

Let's abort Li'tardsSee how they like it

Tony is exactly right ! I think there is  legitimate reasons for abortions like rape , incest ,the mothers health &amp; gross deformations . Slaughtering a human because you didn't take precautions is not oneThese were past late term abortion,This guy us a murderer.

Where are all the pro abortion crowd with the comments about womens rights to murder?

I bet the lawyer is #$%$ to have his picture plastered at the head of this story instead of the doctor's picture.  How many people caught that the man was the lawyer and not the doctor on trial?

funny how people are debating the "severity" of the various abortions... murder is murder.

If the mother would be better off without the baby, then why wait until you are late term to do it?  Why not go get FREE contraception from the clinic?  Why not give the baby up for adoption?  I have kids and my wife and I have never gotten pregnant by accident.  If you are careful and take precaution, you can prevent 99% of pregnancies.  There are always some exceptions, but most unwanted pregnancies were because they got 'caught up in the moment' and 'I was sure he was going to pull out.'  There is no excuse for a 27 or 30 week pregnant women to have an abortion unless the birth would potentially kill her which is extremely rare.  The fact the Aunt said the mother would be better off shows that was not the case.  With all the killings and bullying on top of this.  When did humans stop valuing life?  Where is the empathy for others?

"Capital" murder trial?  So the state wants to kill a human because he killed humans?  With behavior like that, humans don't really deserve to be alive in the first place.

Liberals will tell you this is what happens in back alley abortions.  Now they have the same blood on their hands too.  Killing babies is a sick, sick business.

How can someone do something this horrific to a baby? No one has any morals anymore or the precious right to life!

God, I hate leftist, so-called "progressieve" Democrats.

Well, this is what Obama wants. You liberals that side with his administration are sick phuks..Leftist abortionist butcher. The spirits of Obama, Pelosi and Hillary were over his shoulder as he murdered these helpless children saying "attaboy ".

This is why boundaries on things such as abortion and stem cell research are in place, because there people around who do things like this. People can disagree and say this is just one case all you want. There are likely others out there because there are always dishonest people who push the boundaries of human study and invasion. The numbers of these cases and these tragedies will likely increase the more we push the boundaries.

Let me put it in a way you liberals understand...How would you like to tax another 50 mil people? Then stop killing them!

this is what you dems believe in.  hope you sleep good tonight

Unbelievably Sick America..!

Women donot have a "choice" about ending the life of a child they voluntarily conceived.Their choice is to not get pregnant. Life can only be created form living matter (egg/sperm).So what is the question about when life begins?

Gee this is not something I'd have expected from the city of brotherly love.  Why is the media not all over this like they were Newtown? I hope these people rot in prison.

There are NO words to describe this SADISTIC ritual of KILLING BABIES!

Jack McMahon's attempt to play the race card wins him a solid punch to the throat.

These killers need to be dropped slowly into WOOD CHIPPERS and feed the mash to sharks.. Paid baby killers thats all they are!Jack McMahon's attempt to play the race card wins him a solid punch to the throat.

These killers need to be dropped slowly into WOOD CHIPPERS and feed the mash to sharks.. Paid baby killers thats all they are!

You know the defense is desperate when they play the race card.

I couldn't get past the first part....

I say snip the doctors spine and let him bleed out....

This guy is going to prison for a long time. He MURDERED these babies. Cutting their necks after they are born is not an abortion but neither is it abortion if they happen to be in the womb.

God Almighty will not continue to bless a nation that has a society that is diametrically opposed to everything that is his will. 50 million murdered babies, able bodied people not working for their food, and a group of liars that think they can redeem mankind when only Jesus Christ can do that.

Abortion clinics should be renamed Murder Incorporated.

Its not about jumping the fence keith. Its about murder

Libtrash kkkunts like Fluke getting what they have been asking and begging for.  Abortion at any cost.  You all should be thrilled.This is murder, plain and simple.  The premature termination of a human life.

I'm pro choice. Well maybe not anymore. This is a sickening story. I had no idea stuff this archaic went on.

#$%$

Why does Yahoo and AP only show pics of the dirtbag's lawyer? They show him on TVon the rare times the lamestream media covers this disgusting case.

White people cannot be blamed for every bad thing that happens to minorities.

All who partook in these abortions are murderers.  "Unorthodox" doesn't begin to describe these murders.

How could you hold down a living baby and cut its spinal cord without a second thought?

If enlightenment is allowing women to kill their unborn children, allow illegal, law-breaking immigrants to protest in the streets defiant towards established laws, homosexuals allowed to make out in front of a private business to protest their policies, and kick god out of schools, courts or public grounds because it offends 1 person then I want nothing to do with it.

The most vulnerable among us is also the least protected.There is a special place in Hell for these people.

Abortionists at their best.Abortionists at their best.

If you are horrified by what the #$%$ did but think the abortion business is just fine then you are not playing with a full deck.  This is a grisly business.  How this is legal in this country is simply beyond belief.  This nation is far down the slippery slope.  I do not see us ever being a respectable nation again.  We are NOT the moral leader in the world we once were.  Is there a nation on the earth that people can still look up to?  Probably not.

The Philadelphia abortion monster is just the tip of the iceberg.  I sensed there was a bad story here when the doctor hurled the Race Card.

You want to find easy woman, head to the abortion clinic and if they get knock up, no sweat, they know how to kill the evidence and the law allows them to keep it a secret!

Evil evil evil.....ABORTION = MURDER

Seems I have heard this story before...THE #$%$!

You cut a babies throat with sissors to killi it and you don't know that's wrong? BS

Abortions are wrong.  You are killing a person.  No matter how drunk you got and maybe made a mistake, you need to own up to it.  These ladies have no class.

Those who are 'pro-choice' wonder why we 'anti-abortion' folk, are so rabid about stopping them.  What you're not hearing is that these type of abortions are happening far more than they'd have you believe.

"Snip" their spines....See how they like it.Morton did not know cutting a babies neck to kill it was wrong?  I feel bad when i ride over a squirrel.

SICK BARBAIC POS and that goes for any of you so called females that use abortion as a form of BIRTH control

Our government gives billions every year to Planned Parenthood.  They say it is for other services, but the Obama administration has been protecting them and holding up the investigation to see if they are co-mingling the funds.

Whenever theres a story like this the pro-abortion crowd loves to say "Why don't you "anti-choicers" take care of all these unwanted babies?"  Truth be told, many of us are.  We donate formula and diapers and run homes or open our own homes to wed &amp; unwed mothers (many of whom are fleeing violent men) who didn't make the selfish choice to abort their child.  Closing your eyes to the good we do, all you see is your word beloved word CHOICE.  In reality, we're doing more for these women than you can imagine.

The real question is how often does this happen at other clinics and get covered up?

So... If this doctor actually gets the needle, could it be considered a late term abortion?

In 1945, they called these people #$%$, and lots of them were executed.

And oddly this is getting nearly zero news coverage.  I commend Yahoo for posting this on their front page.  As gross as the details are, more people need to know the horrors of abortion.

Wow. This is some sick stuff. Ladies, I don't give a $&amp;%* what you do with YOUR body, but when you kill an innocent child, that is messed up.

I hope that sorry MF SOB burns in hellMakes me want to vomit .

What an evil, evil human being.     He should be sentenced to death for murdering all of those innocent babies.   Let's say----by having his spinal cord severed with a pair of scissors.   Wonder how'd he'd feel about that??   Did he give those babies an option??   He shouldn't be given an option.    We should record his screams and make every woman considering abortion listen to them.

Another horror story about abortion clinics.  I believe we need to start discussing abstinence in schools and the benefits and virtues of it.  We need to start discussing how vitally important the basic family unit is with a married mother and father at the helm.  We need to discuss responsiblity and what it means.  We need to start discussing religion and put more emphasis on it in our society today;  "Thou shall not kill."  We have lost moral ground in America and we need to try to find it again.  All of our sexual freedoms and explicitly promoting them, really hasn't helped society as Hollywood and the liberals would like you to believe.  It is destroying us, it is hurting our children, and killing out babies.

MY GOD THESE PEOPLE ARE MAD

Sickening,life is precious.If these infants were born alive,then have their spines severed, this in my book is murder no less.            mom

Hey liberals, you must be proud of this.  Keep abortion legal, right?

Any baby aborted after it could have survived as a pre-me is infanticide.

In the eye of the Pro-Choice Movement, it's not really a "human being" unless it's wanted. Stage of "gestation" be damned.

firearm's, evilabortion, good.the liberal mind, the true antichrist.

AbortionA Sandy Hook slaughter in every single clinic every single hour every single day every single city in every single state all over America 24/7PatheticThere's your "safe and legal" abortion industry.

The Dr. and nurses are a bunch of sick disgusting people who need to be charged with murder..

Don't know how anyone can do something like this.  Killing babies after they are born....this guy is simply sick.  They should also file accessory to murder charges against all those persons who assisted in this sick crime.  We are turning into a society that is cheapening the value of life.  This is just sick.

An abortion is nothing but vacuuming the fetus out of the womb.  it is just like a d and c.  mine had cancer and died at 17 weeks and was poisoning my body.  my fetus had no heart beat and it was deformed.The abortion saved my life.

Well...isn't that special?!?! Rot in eternity ya mook.

He called the prosecution of his client, who is black, "a lynching."If he's guilty, that works for me.... get a rope!

This is what you condone when you vote Democrat. Sleep well.

Pretty sickening.

Yeah, that's right . . . all democrats and liberals love killing babies and think late term abortions are peachy.  Some of you people are dumber than hammers.

I have faith in human kindness but also know humans can be very very evil.Hell is too good for these killers! But Jesus says that we need to forgive, even people who do such horrific crimes, such as this. Abortion is murder! It's wrong and it needs to end. Please!

Not only do lefties have no morality, they have contempt and animosity for anyone who does!

Jeremiah 1-5, Before I formed you in your mothers womb, I knew you!

Women vote; babies dont. The politics of the situation is obvious: Democrats tend to support the rights of those likely to vote for them or donate money to them; if you cannot do one or the other, Democrats dont care about you.

Hey abortion lovers.....this should be exciting, eh? "..snipped the spines..". I bet that give you goose bumps eh? No......didn't know it was so ugly and disgusting? Aw, poor babies. Maybe you should read about 'late terms', and 'partial births'......if you can stomach it.

Democrats campaigned on supporting this stuff, and won. Pro-choice, race card, and no religion involved. That's half the democrat party ticket right there.

Another disgusting vile human being. He should have his spine snapped and then stomped into the ground until he's dust! Just like the rest who make a living murdering babies and living off the blood money. But the "Law" says it's okay. It's not illegal.

America has the best health care in the world? Or just the most expensive?

A hero to the abortion crowd.

Obama and his crowd must  be celebrating tonight.He's an abortion rights activist DREAM what's the fuss?

These people are on the same level as the Nazi doctors we tried for war crimes after they experimented on Jews and Jewish children.Kill them all.

He looks like a Nazi.  Hope he and the others who assisted him burn in hell.

When does the unborn child receive receive Constitutional protection, the 30th week?

yahoo will remove this story very quick, it does not agree with their agenda.

There is a special place in hell for acts like this.

Way to go liberals, another proud moment for you guys! I hope you sleep well tonight!

To a democrat, a cockroach has more right to life than a Human Being

Having an abortion does not make you unpregnant, it makes you the mother of a dead baby!

God knows what they did ... and they will answer to Him for it !Having an abortion does not make you unpregnant, it makes you the mother of a dead baby!

God knows what they did ... and they will answer to Him for it !

They passed a state law in my state that doctors who perform abortions MUST be licensed in our state AND must have admitting privileges at a hospital in our state.  Our ONLY abortion clinic is about to close down because no hospital will accept the physician.  Thank you to the hospitals in our state.

There's a special place in hell for these people... savages.

Yeh,It is guns that are killing American children. Guns 26 children at an elemetary school and this is tragic. Legal abortions killed over 300,000 American children in 2011,  and it is government protected personal responsibility relief that politicians are elected to protect.

Roe vs Wade ........Roe didn't kill her baby; the kid is alive today unlike the 50 millions and counting.

Why exactly does the photo show the attorney instead of the suspect??? It's unfair to place his photo as the main on the story since most will think that is who did this. Is this another typical liberal media thing where they refuse to show the black suspects photo? You suck AP!

Yet, late term abortions are legal, as long as the baby is still in the womb.It's still wrong.

How many Einsteins have been killed in the name of planned parenthood... How many great minds have been aborted... People this is beyond disgraceful... May God have mercy on your soul...

I dare you to say abortion is not murder. It may legal, a necessary evil, a woman's right, etc., but it's murder none the less...I dare you to say abortion is not murder. It may legal, a necessary evil, a woman's right, etc., but it's murder none the less...

This is exactly what Roe v. Wade was intended to accomplish.

This is what all the liberals and the dems defended and pushed for the entire 2012 election season!

So this is what the libs push for when they are 'demanding their right to do as they please with their own bodies". Our country has lost its way and we will pay a high price.

I cannot even finish reading this article.......i feel physically ill.......what is wrong with you people

He is a cereal killer.

If you think this is an isolated incident, you are mistaken!

Sounds like MURDER to me. These people should be brought to prosecution and trial.

Now this is a real and serious issue, that SHOULD be banned... for those of you who perform or assist, you have to answer to your Creator...

Can we just rip his internal organs out through his #$%$ and the cut his neck with scissors?Can we just rip his internal organs out through his #$%$ and the cut his neck with scissors?

How horrible!! How can ANYBODY "snip" the spine of a baby? If you don't want a baby then GIVE IT UP FOR ADOPTION!! I know every woman's situation is different but abortion is not the answer.

Obama's voting record indicates that he doesn't think this should be illegal.

This man and woman are trash and with Obama in the White House we will see more problems like this as he is a backer of abortion, and guess who they are killing? the Minority babies

God sees everything....one day, we will all stand before him.You NON-believers can got to hell.

These people are just as insane as any shooter in any school!

I am a medical assistant...not in a million years could do what this Med. Asst. did.

According to what Obama voted on 3 times in IL Senate these people did nothing wrong Why doesn't Obama  speak out for the baby killers now

This rests on the heads of the people doing it.  We also want to inform the law makers that youare are also part of the people doing it.  If you don't believe in God, you will.

I hope you are happy Democrats... you've done well for Satan ...I hope you are happy Democrats... you've done well for Satan ...

Sick and depraved

All abortions are murder, therefore all abortioniists are murderers.

YOU OBAMA voters are responsible for this!!!   You all disgust me..    YOU hide your heads in the dirt and  IGNORE these MURDERS!!

I remember when Roe vs Wade became law and I have preyed for the ills of this country ever since.

Whats the difference between Gosnell and Nazi doctor Joseph Mengele? Nothing.

google: late term, Obama

Barbarians.

SICKENING !! Both the act and the people.

That IS murder most vile. They should all be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.Obama is behind all this.

The women wanting the abortions are as guilty!!!  Shame on everyone involved in this!  Oh Moton cried on the stand telling her story about the doctor plus her own bloody hands...PLEASE,,,she didn't cry than and she KNEW IT WAS WRONG

Welcome to the Liberal Holocaust

These people are the heros for the Democratic Party, the party which supports murdering babies for votes.

Let's call spade a spade... this isn't 'abortion', it's cold-blooded MURDER.  Satan is alive and well on planet Earth.  Sickening... ANYONE who knowingly kills a baby, even a newly-conceived baby, is GUILTY OF MURDER.  See B C 's comment below:  "Consider this: A sea turtle's eggs are protected by federal law."

Are you liberals proud yet?

yes now you can have a horrific abortion little girl when you grow up but you CANNOT I say, CANNOT have a big gulp soda!!   You liberals are FN sick in the head

I don't care what anyone else thinks...it's obvious satan is in charge of the left.  Who else could support the murder of helpless infants?

Where is humanity?  It's barbaric.  To me it's murder in the first...plain and simple.........If someone did that to a dog you'd have PETA and others all in uproar....yet a human baby.....callousness........often from the same ones who profess to believe in rights of those who can't speak for themselves, but not an inconvenient baby when people had a choice to get pregnant or not(excepting rape)????.........what a world we are living in........

STILL doubt liberals are mass murderers?Jesus Christ the king of Kings will deal with their ugly souls !!!!  Hell is waiting on you !!!

Whats the difference if they kill it in the womb or outside the womb ? They are still killing it.

Why torture all of us with such news its shameful , illegal and torture on the alive infant

Let's ban abortion...for the children.

I'm pro-choice and this seriously creeps me out!

The new USA....deal with it, or vote it out...it is still your choice!

Its time we stop marketing the idea that having a baby is going to ruin your life.  Usually its to the contrary.   And it now takes 1-3 years just to adopt a child because their is a serious baby shortage when it comes to babies be available for adoption.   Its a seller's market believe me.  My wife and I looked into it.Its a shame that women are made to feel that this is the answer.  Obviously its better to have the perfect family situation, a husband, etc...   But even in a non perfect situation a baby is a gift.

Since abortion is the holy sacrament of the democratic party, I'm guessing he is going to get a lot of sympathy if not outright support from powerful interest groups.

Are fetuses babies or not?  This whole "well SOMETIMES they are if we want to prosecute someone but they're not if we just want to get rid of them ourselves" double standard is selfish and disgusting.

. . . .and liberals worry about gun control.  Sick.Greed has gone VIRAL .

We have become a nation who does not respect life. I give all glory and praise to God for my three adopted children. Thanks to the three birth mothers of my children for choosing life!

Murder of infant children. SICK BA(S)TARDS

lets cal it what it really is    murder!

Soulless murdering ghouls out for an easy buck at any cost including the lives of children. Anybody who supports these monsters is in violation of basic humanity and human dignity. These 'abortionists' disgust me beyond words.

Ok, all you anti-death penalties advocates out there. Still leaning that way?

There's a "special" place reserved in hell - literally - for baby killers.  This is what invevitably happens when you start down the road of devaluing and compromizing human life all in the name of mother's "rights."

Pure evil, nothing less, nothing more...

I almost threw up when I read the first sentence.  Anyone who thinks late term abortion is not the murder of an innocent baby has no knowledge of how a baby develops.  Or, they don't care.  Either way - hell awaits them.

to deny these babies were born alive only means you reached inside the mother and killed them.Liberal resoning 101:Killing a convicted person that took the life of another human being-- NOT OKKilling the most innocent form of human life-- PERFECTLY FINEAnd this kids is why the thoughts of a liberal are not taken seriously by any sane person

God's judgement is coming.

Snip the spinal cord at the base of a baby's skull is one thing, but if you drink too big a sugary soda you're in trouble.  Liberals.

When a "doctor" like this clearly shows no compassion or respect for these babies, are you really so surprised that he shows no compassion or respect for the women carrying them into his office to request that he murder them?

this should make the Libs happy

prison is too good for them; death is too good for them!! what about the hypocritical oath??

Yeah, so there is nothing wrong with abortion clinics?

YAHOO will have a video of MARISSA cheering an Obama abortionMaybe she even gets the scissors to do it herselfWhat's our stock price for supporting the agenda?

I wonder if President Obama will speak out against this kind of violence the way he has done after acts of gun violence.  Oh, that's right, he's in FAVOR of the violence of abortion.

This is what late term abortion IS!  This is what the president fought for as a legislator in Chicago -- the one thing that he actually took a stand on (didn't vote "present").  It sounds so noble when you call it "women's rights" and "choice," but just because this guy was a bumbling, incompetent, and heartless idiot while performing them, the process is being spelled out in black and white for the gullible masses who are numb and brainwashed about the whole ugly thing.  I guess the moral of the story is to use a more efficient baby killer who doesn't save parts for his "collection"?I wonder if President Obama will speak out against this kind of violence the way he has done after acts of gun violence.  Oh, that's right, he's in FAVOR of the violence of abortion.

This is what late term abortion IS!  This is what the president fought for as a legislator in Chicago -- the one thing that he actually took a stand on (didn't vote "present").  It sounds so noble when you call it "women's rights" and "choice," but just because this guy was a bumbling, incompetent, and heartless idiot while performing them, the process is being spelled out in black and white for the gullible masses who are numb and brainwashed about the whole ugly thing.  I guess the moral of the story is to use a more efficient baby killer who doesn't save parts for his "collection"?

Why are they so upset at this? It's not like normal abortion is any less barbaric. I guess cutting spines is worse than drilling a hole in the baby's head and sucking it's brains out? Sick and twisted......

clinic vs. allyAmerica has always had thembetter to regulate themthen let butchers like this run the show

This is like Nazi Germany!

These girls are so stupid to believe what their boyfriends tell them and have sex without protection, get PG, then have an abortion...CROSS YOUR LEGS GIRL, AND YOU WOULDN`T GET PREGNANT....

Did the mothers of those babys had an hysterectomy too?

Abortion is a woman's choice,her choice to commit first degree murder that is.Why doesn't the fetus have a choice?And cutting a baby's spine after it was born to kill it,this doctor should be executed for murder,period.

Let us now return to "An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth!"

We are a barbaric society and will pay the spiritual cost.Saddam Hussein used to dip people into acid feet first until they melted.

YAHOO never told you their beloved Obama said it's not Government's role to meddle in slaughtering late term babies, did you YAHOO?But I did.  So who's the real news source?

Our govt will "protect" an insect and force YOU off your property for it. They WON'T protect a child who cannot speak up for itself. Twisted, wickedly evil people on this planet.

In God's eyes.........snipping a full term babies' spine or sucking it's brains out as a breathing, growing unfully developed baby is NO difference------it's murder and when you meet your Maker; that's how He will judge you!

Tell me AP, what does an orthodox abortion look like?  This is sheer democrat barbarism.

It's gross to me that abortions are supposed to be performed in the uterus. "That is perfectly fine, but this other way is evil!" Not to me.  Killing a baby is killing a baby. Taking a life is taking a life. It doesn't matter how big it is or what method is used.

This sounds more like Nazi concentration camp experiments. I've never asked about how abortions are performed but the descriptions sound like something completely contrary to any U.S. regulations.

I already crabbed about the outrageous headline...now I have to complain about the picture...why the heck would you put the lawyers photo up?

Andrew Cuomo should be forced to eat these aborted children.

Are there no Medical Examiner's reports on aborted babies?Imagine how many abortions could be avoided if sex ed in public schools were more in focus?

this happens when death becomes a "treatment plan" and abortionists are called "womens healthcare provider".  A beating heart is life.

Sadly folks this is just one clinic that got caught and there are many other out there doing the same.

It has always been a mystery to me why we still have a need for physical abortion. Ignorant idiotic women get abortions, having failed at birth controls that these days is almost foolproof. So you got drunk and spread em, there are several variations of the morning after pill. If you have found yourself in the stirrups having a baby ripped out of your body because you were too stupid to prevent the pregnacy, you are a failed excuse for a human being who should have you uterus ripped out as well.As despicable as people like this doctor is, the women who wait until the absolute last minute to stop a pregnacy are more despicable than he is.

PETA will spend millions "saving" animals while no one lifts a finger to protect defenseless babies.  This may signal the beginning of the end of our society.

Does the fact that most of these are black babies make it more palatable? Why is Al Sharpton not freaking out over this? He is such a hyppocrite. I remember Toure on MSNBC telling the story of an aborted baby he and a girl friend had while he was in college, I think, and he was stating how having the burden of a baby would have been bad for them both. Guess that didn't stop them from freaking did it?

I feel 10 life time sentences in prison is what is desereved. Murder no other way around it. I hope he is haunted by the dreams at night for what was done

liberals eat dinner while reading this...they say this stuff should be legal, the right of all women, and who cares...just be sure to bag up the babies and body parts so we can burn em later...yum, dinner....way to go liberals...

The first question is, how many more like this are there?  The other question is, why don't you want to find out how many more there are?

Jack McMahon is another low life lawyer lying for his living. Where do these POS come from  ? Have they no shame ?Jack McMahon is another low life lawyer lying for his living. Where do these POS come from  ? Have they no shame ?

Thank you Supreme Court, your FINE work in Roe v. Wade paved the way for this evil

Democratic terrorism against childern, and the childrens murder, is a national and world wide disgrace !Time to arrest and jail ALL democrats/liberals/progressives.

Funny how everything liberals do is always about "protecting the children"... From gun control to outlawing 32 oz sodas to fight obesity to nutritional health programs where they determine what kids are fed in school... yet when a child is incapable of defending itself in the womb it's ok to murder it?? Twisted concept for sure.

We should know better and God knows we should.  We live no better than before the days of Jesus.  Go ahead people, do your worst, it makes our Father weep at the sin of mankind, but as for His children murdered before they can be born of the waters,  He shall cradle their souls, while their murderers shall cry when they are denied eternal life.  Speak up America!

Give out birth control pills and condoms for free to everyone and put sex ed back in schools. The easiest way to prevent abortions is to not have unwanted pregnancies.

This is why we need to outlaw scalpels and abortion suction devices. How many more innocent lives have to be lost before we do something? If we can save just one life.....

Defense attorney pulls race card and calls the prosecution of his client a lynching?  Frankly . . . that attorney should be lynched.  It wouldn't matter, because obviously he does not have a brain in his head.  Really.  He is part of the problem.   The judge should sanction him appropriately for such frivolous argument, and until judges start doing this, we ALL are in danger of having to deal with such idiots for attorneys.  And I can say this, because I am one, and these kind of attorneys make me sick.

Keep your barn doors closed and the farmer won't get in.

I don't remember reading about "spine snipping" in any version of this procedure that I've ever read..Just FRY this SOB...and the sooner the better!! These are humans born alive; they're not puppies someone wants to get rid of!!

I bet the Obama's are sooooooo proud.When Barack Huesein Obama was campaigning for president, he was UPSET that the United States Supreme Court upheld the ban on partial birth abortion.

I am not really on any side of the abortion issue, but to cut the neck of a live baby is just horrific.

Cutting???????You sickos murder babies every day, thats what you do?

Margaret Sanger, here is your legacy.  Choice. Choice.  Choice. It still sounds like DEATH.

this is truly unbelievable. killing a baby by cutting its throat with sissors, wheres the dilemma over right and wrong? what the frig is wrong with people, this earth should be flooded it's so full of #$%$

If all abortions were, by law, done ONLY by the mother, and done with her choking the baby while looking at its face, the debate would be over

What a sleaze.

democrats/liberials...cut your own babies spines..moral nothings.

Who cares if the person who uses scissors to snip the neck from the head of  a live born infant believes it to be right or wrong?Abortions for everyone!

These people are really sick !

Liberals:  "How dare you refuse the privileges of marriage to gay couples."*Walks into the back room and proceeds to cut the spines out of born babies"Yeah, nothing backwards about your vision of society.

This is beyond sick, it satanic.

This seriously makes me sick. I don't get bothered in the way that this is bothering me easily, but this is beyond disturbing. Satan reserves a special place in hell for this type of people.

These murderers should be immediately executed.  There is no words in any language to aptly describe the cruelty of this.

For the desperate please about abortion - this isn't it.  Just shut up.Pro lifers would agree, this guy is a murderer and should be in jail forever and his staff has no excuse, either.Again for the slow: Pro lifers agree, this man is a murderer - go argue with your unfortunate spouse.

I hope they burn in hell for eternity.

That is the Liberal mentality...Every time I make a comment against abortion, I am called all kind of horrible, ugly names. The liberals have turned us into a sick, perverted society. God help us all.

By the way, what in the heck is the difference between killing a baby outside of the womb as compared to inside of the womb???? Just because you can't SEE the baby it is okay to cut its throat, pierce the skull, suck out the brains, dismember them piece by piece, etc.???? GOD HAVE MERCY!Dr. Kermit is the result of the American culture of Death.

Unbelievable.  If this doesn't make you want to stand up and fight, nothing will.  Come on, pro-choicers... tell us again why all abortions should be legal?  And why should these clinics, with planned parenthood being #1, be given government, tax payer funded, monies to perform these hideous acts?  All of you progressives want to freak out over guns, but when it comes to killing babies you want that legal?  Stop with the excuses and own your political agenda.  You're wrong and you know it.

We have many people who adopt children from a whole bunch of different countries, cause the adoption laws are so stiff here.... I know of families who had to wait years to adopt a american child, and yet liberal hoes put these babies to death without a care in the world...like it is throwing a piece of used toilet paper away.... Sick, just plain sick...

Perhaps some day, someone will snip their spines...I only hope.

Hope all you liberals hug yourselves and feel proud because this is the aftermath of YOUR doing. You can't deny it because you pushed for it. This is a horror story.

This man is a psychopathic serial killer.  There is no punishment severe enough for someone this evil.

I want to thank Yahoo for bringing this to our attention...  People need to made to open their eyes to what is happening around us, before we lose our civility.... and with that our country...

You liberal democrats are sick people. someone should cut your spines so you can't have babies just to kill them

Obama and the Democrats Platform Don't Kill the Whales KILL BABIES INSTEAD

i think the penalty should be as follows... the one who snipped the spines should have his own spine snippedi think the penalty should be as follows... the one who snipped the spines should have his own spine snipped

If I was ever asked to 'clip the spine' I'd be in jail for punching someone out.

nothing shocks me anymore...our President and Gov. Cuomo are in favor of partial birth abortions...what's the difference? ...all the way around despicable and disgusting!!!

Let's send him to Wichita, Kansas.

For punishment,"Doctor"Gosnell should be inserted into a large tube,very tightly. Then,his executioner should pull with great force,on his head,until it pops off !!!

Obama supports this. People that support Obama support this.

H*E*L*L  is going to be HOTT

This is '40 Days of Life' - a prayer vigil in front of clinics around the world,  going on right now.  He looks like Dr Mengela.

Libs would call that a sucessful abortion. Too bad Stanley Anne Dunham didn't get one.

We should cut their spines as punishment, see how they like it.  Man, these people were killing humans no differently than you would a chicken.Cut these POS's spine so they are paralyzed and don't feed them or give them water or clean them up and let them die a slow feces and urine covered death...

Please tell me how Delaware can ban abortions at 20 weeks and everyone got so upset at Arkansas' 20 week ban, just passed in Feb of this year, complete with all the exceptions liberals insist on.

These are monsters, and any woman that could let these monsters do this to their child is as much to blame as these monsters.  The mother lays down and the child pays, what a country.

Blood thirsty l*ib*eral l*ef*tMillions babies murdered every year, and they gripeover a handful of innocent killed by a pistol.Hypocrites.

these people are sick. I am not going to attack or defend the act of abortion however I will defend the death penalty for the doctor and those who particapated in these acts of murder willingly.

So did these babies go right to heaven?

These are the evilest people that I've ever seen or heard of. I put these butchers in the same category as Adolf Hitler. I hope these people rot in Hell. I swear to God I do! May the souls of those poor defenseless babies live forever in another life. I'm sick to my stomach.

Dr. Gosnell should get the death penalty because all human life is sacred.

Never under estimate what a Human will do to another Human. I have no more to say, except I am feeling sick inside. Life is tough.

Abortion:operation to end pregnancy: an operation or other intervention to end a pregnancy by removing an embryo or fetus from the wombSince these fetus were out of the womb, this was not an abortion.If you ignore the total cost to the child, you can easily rationalize that this "helps women".

What a sick man..

#$%$ she didn't think it was wrong to "snip" the spinal cord on a baby that was alive. No one is that stupid...and the people who went there are just as bad. Do not feel sorry for pain or suffering they endured.

Another feel-good story for the women's "rights" crowd. Clearly a candidate for an Obama Medal of Freedom!

I love how libtards talk when they are expecting, about how their "baby" is going to be raised with no gender modeling or racial distinctions. Yet if it is a libtard who wants an abortion because they got pregnant having consensual sex (this is how 90% of pregnancies terminated by abortion start) then that wonderful "baby" suddenly becomes a "fetus".

"Gosnell later joked that the baby was so big he could have walked to the bus stop, she said". #$%$! How does this become routine?

A "lynching"? I suppose if you are black you should never be prosecuted, just given a talk on why what you did was wrong, of course, as long as you are very careful that you as not "dissing" the person.

I wish i hadn't have read that.

BLOODY amerikan HANDS!!!!!

That is sad.The poor babies never asked to be in that situation.Good Lord; these people are nuts!

baby killer, satan is waiting for you...

But who would have an abortion at 6 months pregnant???  And I hope these murderers rot in hell.

Funny how we ridicule someone like Hitler for murdering millions when our government is just as guilty.  Probably even more so.

A. seems to think that morals can only be tied to religion ,you better lock-up your money &amp; kids around him

Can't wait to watch "THE FACTOR" tonite !!!

democrats should be dancing in the streets....

Ideas influence us more than anything. Imagine the ideas one must have to make him condone this wickedness.

I will be having nightmares tonight.  It is unimaginable, and to think we have lawmakers to condone this type of thing?   What the hell kind of society do we live in??

If you defend this wickedness, you have no soul.We should not be worried about guns.  There are devils and monsters living among us that will be the our demise.

Whats the bigdeal they arent babies they are just a blob of flesh ! This is what the pervert pro abortionist call them !

I couldn't finish the article. We talk about the people shooting others in schools, etc. We say they are mentally insane. What do we call these people who knowingly do this to unborn children. Heartless and ignorant.

This article is going to give me nightmares...

This administration thinks if you are pro life you deserve to be added to a watch list as you might be a right wing extremist, deemed worthy of keeping tabs on. Government is merely a reflection of the society that votes it in, and we need to change ourselves before we can create a change in government. Abortion, I feel, should be under very tight restrictions. Instead, it is used as a birth control method and/or to eliminate the evidence of promiscuity and adultery. Considering how many minority abortions are performed, with that many deaths under any other circumstances, it would be considered genocide. When the left spout off about stopping hate I wish they would let it begin with stopping hate toward the unborn. It is not an act of love that snuffs out the unborn merely because the unborn is seen as causing an annoyance, inconvenience, alarm, etc, to another. This society does not hold life of great value if you are still inside the womb, or if you are the elderly. Life is cheapened, it is devalued. We should be a nation that cherishes life and liberty, not degrade it. How can we give reasons in why murder is wrong if we allow such callousness toward the most vulnerable ... a child in it's mother's womb?

Killing babies is killing babies. Happens every day in the good ol' US of A.

And we worry about someone making an anti-gay remark.  Let's hear the outrage for these horrible actions.

Who raised these monsters? Don't equate people like this to animals. Animals don't treat other animals or their offspring as heineously as humans do.

And yet, we continue to ask God to bless America

They should nominate him for Democrat of the year!A lynching would be too good for the Doctor, regardless of his color.

something to think about , in my picture i have a dog , if that dog had a litter of puppys i would go to jail if i killed them or forced her to have a miscarriage and the puppys died , for animal cruelty or animal abuse , yet women and democrats want that to be there right to kill there child

ANY abortion is murder!!! this is just sickening...how can someone look at a baby and kill it???

Pathetic. Our society has become too lenient and too far from the morals our parents and grandparents (with bibles) tried to teach us. So very sad.

He might sooner or later get the "Tiller" treatment.

I said a little prayer over this ghastly evil. How horrible.

The Ancient Greeks used to leave unwanted babies out to die from exposure.Has society not advanced since then?

Very disturbing story.  Where is the photo of the Doctor?

I'm pro-choice, but this is sick stuff. There is reason for concern, no doubt about it. This should never happen, but before we get carried away, we should check out what happens in Nursing Homes at the other end of life. Stories that can be told are just as sick. Starvation, suffocation, lethal injections...it happens and happens often.

sounds like murder to meThe Loony Liberal war on the unborn has killed more human beings than Hitler and Stalin combined.  The Loonies should be very proud of their Holocaust on the unborn.

THIS is why I am pro choice.  THIS is what Roe vs. Wade stands for.  THIS is why we NEED legal abortions.  I can agree with limits of the latest an abortion can be done (12 weeks even as far as 16 weeks) after that time limit then go ahead and have it and place it for adoption.  THIS is nothing compared to what happened  years ago.  There has always been a mid wife or doctor around that would do an abortion since ancient times.  Most of the time the girl/woman ended not ever being able to have another or died from botching or infection.Those of you against the "morning after" pill do not have the sense god gave a goose!  There is no test in the world that can tell you if a woman is pregnant the day AFTER SHE HAD SEX!  A 24 hour old fetus in the womb does not a baby make and if there is no fetus, then no harm was done.  BUT YOU want to prevent even that course of action being available to women ESPECIALLY after a rape!IT IS NOT the job of ANY government to tell women they cannot have an abortion.  IT IS NOT my next door neighbors job to make that kind of decision for me!  The only people concerned is me, my doctor and God.No man has any right to make any decision for me about my body, BUT ....THIS..."...Gosnell made plenty of money over a 30-year career using cheap, untrained staff, outdated medicines and barbaric techniques to perform abortions on desperate, low-income women." is what WILL happen in the future.  Women WILL turn to these kinds of doctors or even medical students in desperation!

Planned Parenthood = murder for profit

#$%$ These same people wouldn't do that to a dog.

it sickens me to know there is such evil in this world...killing innocent babies for a few bucks. sad, sick,disturbing. he will for sure get what he has coming when he meets his maker.

If that isn't murder what is ?

She will rot in hell.  That is my dearest wish.

This guy never lost his license?? Thats because our system doesnt facilitate filing complaints against doctors - it protects them and helps them move from state to state. It's the labour under them that gets the brunt of the punishment, though there should be punishment of some kind since they keep quiet. but our society turns a blind eye to retaliation so no wonder workers filing retaliation reports feel more compelled to follow along then stand up. In addition, too many jobs are going to people who can be 'trusted' to comply or be quiet.  Something is wrong in our ethical culture that needs real reform

This is completely unexcusable,does not matter what race it was, everyone including the mother is a criminal in this case. NO EXCUSE FOR LATE TERM OBORTION.

This POS will get whats coming to him !!!He is 72 years old so he will die in prison before he can be excuted. Just cut him a deal for 300 years and be done with it.

Unbelievably horrid!  How can they live with themselves!!

These sickos are not human!!!

Two Liberal bumper stickers, one for each side of the bumper:-Save the Whales-Kill the unborn BabiesDoesn't make much sense to me either.

I can only imagine the mental torture woman suffer after having a living child taken from their body.  It must weight on their minds for life.

Let's call this as it is --- murder for PROFIT. Safe, clean facilities with the proper medications could cost too much for this guy. Get them in, take their money,  induce labor, hopefully she wont have the fetus on the floor, and then scoot the woman out the door. Factory health care, all ignored by the city and state health inspectors. No care for the woman nor her health and safety.

Disgusting doesnt begin to describe this horror.and some cll us "Civilized", I cant think of one reason why.Hang em' high is the only message to send.

Well the liberal womens rights democrats should be really proud of this...Jane Fonda is happy

Any father who has watched the birth of their babies would have to be sick over the thought of this, let alone any abortion.

God has forsaken America!!Snip the doc's spine.

Where does one have to be mentally to carry out such an act and be able to justify it to themselves?  I can't begin to describe the horrific sadnes and anger I'm feeling after reading this story!  I would prepare yourselves as I believe this to only the beginning of many terrible stories to come on this topic!

..too horrific for words......I feel absolutely  ill......

Q: And what do you think about it, Mr. President?  A: "That's above my pay grade."

I'm not pro-abortion, but I'm not for the government telling a woman what to do about her pregnancy either.  But for the ones that do get abortions, have a brain, and don't have an abortion after the 12th week.  What kind of human being are you to wait any longer than that?  Get it over with if that's your intention.

Murder????

Do people who are pro choice tell their children, "it's a good thing you weren't an inconvenience or you wouldn't be here?"

We protect nesting piping plovers but not our own???

Poor little angels.

this is greusome but if the law is  no abortion after 26 weeks   ( which is resonable )   why are the mothers not also being tried for murder?my God what a demon of satan this man is. i hope he gets the worst slowest most painful death a human can get.

Jesus Christ said that if someone should harmone of the LEAST of these.....it WOULD be better if a millstone were hanged about that man's neck and he be cast into the bottom of the sea." I have enough sense to know our Lord did not mean this in a literal fashion, but maybe if these kind of evil doctors were treated in such fashion, and others had to see THEIR spines snipped with tree cutters, then they be locked in solitude for fifty years, that would give these others who are imprisoned a chance to live with what they have done. it is time for easy-going America to get a dose of outrage.

The thing about abortion is, if you illegalize it or make it incredibly difficult for a woman to get one, they'll turn to people like this. I'm in favor of abortion rights (particularly when the pregnancy is the result of rape or the woman's life is in danger), but the tactics this monster used are truly deplorable.

They put a photo of the white lawyer at the top of the article to protect the identity of a black doctor accused of murder?  If we can't even get past that PC stuff, how can we have a serious discussion about abortion?

Hillary clinton will be a defence witness, saying "what difference does it make now"

murder is murder.....killing a child at one week or six weeks is murder...no matter what judge says different....

I can only imagine that even the Angels wept. May God have mercy on us all.

They'll need an OB/GYN in Hell, I suppose.

But its the NRA they call "baby killers".  What sick, perverse idiots liberals are.

Abortion must be the darkest face of technology. It is mentioned in the Hippocratic oath as a boundary between use and abuse of medical knowledge.Liberals: Save the Whales, Abort the Children.

That is MURDER!

There's probably more of these Gosnell and assistants types doing this every day. Serial killers who have no conscience.

May someone snip the throats of the sickos that are doing this to babies that never had a choice.

Hey, my girlfriend just had a baby (about 24 weeks ago), can we bring it over and have it "aborted"?

kill by the knife....die by the knife

These are the actions of the "Progressive" mind set.A woman does NOT have "the right to choose".....MURDER.

Irony;   Libs love abortion, and assisted suicides, but scream and picket prisons when a convicted murderer is executed.  Explain that one.

Liberal Democrat family values, ya'll.

We are a despicable species that thinks life is a convenience.  Throw it away if you make bad sex choices,.  Makes me puke."Worker admits cutting 10 babies at abortion clinic" Democrats have their new poster person for the face of the Democratic Party and it's Platform.

Can a woman sell her killed fetus? Can they be sold on Ebay?

The death of our national conscience continues. We must wake up.

That is the leftist way.

Hey Pro Choice People out there. The MURDERS described in this story are all on YOUR heads. It is you who fought to have the "right" to choose Killing these Innocent babies !!!

just proves abortion is murder

Hey democrats....50 million dead so far since rowe vs wade...you're way passed hitler, soon you will be passing Stalin and Mao......and you feel proud of that dont you.....these people were caught and you know this goes on all the time at your planned parenthood death camps....I know you dont care.....

It must suck to be that baby killer or the attorney.

Yesterday I posted this news, and all the Liberal YAHOO bloggers skewered me with no mercy, including some from YAHOO who said I missed the story they already posted

If this guy used a rifle we would want to ban the rifles. No libs want to ban abortion scissors though.burn in hell baby killers!

This is how liberals think and act....life has no meaning...well except for their lives.

Take a good long look in a mirror.  Then take another good long look in the mirror.  Look at your hands, your body, your feet.  That's what abortion is killing.  You, no one, has the right to deprive any living thing of a natural life.  Civilized people call this murder.

Liberals hero?  Just like Dr Tiller the Baby Killer?

Dims hugging tree's and chopping up little babys.

I have given up on the human race

Most pro choice after the first month REALLY REALLY don't know the facts. Just because the LAW says it's okay doesn't make it civilized. If your going to have an abortion, DON'T wait. These babies DO feel pain.

These would be the same people whining about hunting and animal rights.

The society is on drugs.

A 35 yr old woman does not know that cutting the neck of a baby is wrong? Forget what's legally right or wrong - what does your morals and common sense tell you?I'm not a animal owner or lover, but there's no way I'd do that to a puppy, much less a human being.These people are twisted... and all for $10/hr!I dont see how anyone can perform an abortion and be able to go to sleep at night. Evil hearted people kill children.

This is what we get w/ some abortion right zealots. This is as sick as it gets ... Hitler and Himmler would be proud.

She should have her spine snipped!

20 weeks, 24 weeks, It's still a human life.

Theirs a place for baby killers,  ITS CALLED HELL.   I WOULDN'T WANT TO BE THEM.

Black people apparently have no problem with this.... If Obama is for it, so are they....

What kind of a low life could do that to a baby..........a liberal at an abortion clinic, that's who.

Since RoeV Wade, over 55 million of our children have been murdered.

If you support abortion at any stage you are as bad as these guys and almost as bad as your president who supports late term abortions.  It is a great poverty that a baby must die so that we may live more comfortably.....fight to change it

Obama will pardon her. He really gets behind the murder of the unborn.Obama will pardon her. He really gets behind the murder of the unborn.

For you all prochoice people, maybe you should sit it that courtroom and view those photos like the jury has too.  Either way you slice it, this is objectionable and it's no wonder people get stirred up over the debate of abortion.  Our govt wants to ban certain weapons but what about chop shops like this?

THIS..is what we get when we VOTED the liberals into office...why are we so shocked to actually READ THE GRAPHIC DETAILS?..We have laws to prevent murder...we have just "chosen" to call it something else instead.

Who supports this infanticide? The same Democrats that want YOU disarmed, that's who!

Abortion is murder.  End of story.  Liberals, this is what you stand for.  This is how you vote.  Abortion is brutal depravity carried out by evil people.  That's the way it is.

Murder. Thou shalt not commit murder.

All of the posts by Conservatives on this board commit one of two logical fallacies: false equivocation and the Straw Man. (1) This story is horrific, thus abortion as a whole is horrific, and this is a perfect example of why it should be illegal. You are drawing a false comparison between safe, legal abortion and this case. (2) Liberals are in favor of abortion, so they must be in favor of this kind of abortion. You are misrepresenting the liberal position in order to more easily argue with it.

How can the headline say cutting when the person was serving the SPINAL CORD for crying out loud. These were breathing living babies. Pro-choice people are monsters.

liberals have this stuff in there platform,so if you dont believe in this dirty murder of babies ,well duh why did you vote the lousy liberal into office

Payback is a mother f---er!wow!!  Democrats support this...

Can anyone imagine the pain and suffering those babies felt trying to cling to life, abortion is murder period , I hope all u liberals enjoyed the article.

Snipe this #$%$ holes spine.

You pathetic YAHOO FRAUDS can stick a secret camera in a Romney speechWhere's your cameras at Barack's baby slaughters?

Every single living Democrat Liberal supports this SLAUGHTER 100%Including the WORST of them all, Barack "do not meddle in the slaughter" ObamaAnd the FRAUD MEDIA like ABC/YAHOO is responsible 100%

This is typical democrat sickness. Why is it so important to them to murder babies? And sicko republicans like McCain and Priebus want us to be more like them? NO!

I am horrified and grossed out.  How disgusting can you be! EVIL

The ACLU has just declared him their Man of the Year and are sending 6 lawyers to defend his "choice."

What's the big deal about murdering babies? The Supreme Court says it's legal. Get a life people.Isn't America great? I can't wait to see what happens to this country after gay marriage is legal and people can smoke dope legally. What will be the next social issue? Maybe we can bring back slavery.

And the Dems want to ban firearms... SMHwhy would anyone wait that long to kill their baby? Its moving and they cannot deny it is a baby and alive. Our nation is in big trouble. We kill for convenience.

Man... what a monster. Snip the babies spinal cord. That's disturbing.

The same morbid mentality unfortunately is still alive today as it was during the #$%$ reign in WW2 as they "experimented" on those they imprisoned and murdered. Sickening.

Her Aunt paid $1300. for the abortion? Is that what she thought the baby was worth dead?

The real problem is adults not using contraceptives in the first place.      mom

Abortion is a BABY killed period! I am glad all these woman suffered! Too bad some survived. You have consensual sex and get pregnant deal with it #$%$ and murderers!

typical demokkkrat.. margaret sanger would be proud .

its interesting watching the moral ju jitsu cases like this bring up.attack a pregnant lady and kick her belly causing her unborn child to die and its murder.same lady goes to an abortion clinic and its legalsame lady goes to abortion clinic and has a late term abortion and the baby is killed after its delivered and its murder.in all cases it could be the same exact week in pregnany, in all three the baby winds up dead, yet two cases are murder and one isnt.id never really thought about it in those terms before until i read this article. now i wish i hadnt read the article and im going to have to re-examine my moral views on abortion (which i had thought was just fine).

Libturd's loath their own existence, that's why they rejoice when 200 million innocentbabygirls are slaughtered, every year worldwide through abortion and infanticide.And yet weep and light candles when a convicted child rapist-murderer is put to deathbecause deep down they know they deserve the same fate. They worship and participatewith revelry in every form of debaucherysuch as Besi/\lity.

Where is Obama and the Democrats on this tragedy? There is no difference between shooting children at their desks and snipping their spines after birth. Disgusting. Abortion is legal murder.Where is Obama and the Democrats on this tragedy? There is no difference between shooting children at their desks and snipping their spines after birth. Disgusting. Abortion is legal murder.

If we use the point when the heart stops beating as the end of life,wouldn't it make sense to use when it starts beating as the beginning?Liberals are SICK.

DEmocrats are MURDERERS!

Liberals kill over 200,000 in the womb and then scream for gun control.That's Liberal logic. That's about the best they can do with their 70 IQ's.

Shocking.....sad, terrible. There's entirely too much butchery in the world. Man's nature is worse than that of a wild beast. At least the wild beast kills only for food or to defend itself. Man kills for his own dark, twisted purposes......

The abortion clan should be supporting this guy hands down.  A baby aborted is a baby aborted.  More money in the hands of planned parenthood.  A good baby is an aborted baby to these ghouls.

It amazes me how easy it is for the left and the media to perpetrate these things simply by changing what we call it.  Murder is now known as "unorthodox abortion."  And for so many, that makes it okay.

Amazing, you can kill a baby and that seems to be ok, but if a woman kills her abusive boyfriend or husband in self defense she goes to jail for murder?

Barack Hussein Obama voted for this. He voted in favor of late term abortion, and if the BABY survives, he voted that the doctor should "let it die"...whatever that means...

Liberals SUK !!!!they'll both be celebrated speakers at the next democratic convention

MURDER!!!!!!!! MURDER!!!!!!!!

Who can possibly defend these actions?  Even Democrats should be sickened by this.

Would anyone object if that place got firebombed?

If you don't believe that Satan rules today,,,think again. Murder, deviant behavior you name it, is all the norm today.

liberals and feminists are praising this man.  Sick, enjoy hell people.

Obama is pro choice. But remember, he was very 'caring' during sandy hook, not for political reasons at all..

Put these animals in prison and lose the keys. Sick people.

16 to drive, 21 to drink, background check to drive. NOTHING to BREED ! That's the problem.

Sick Nation with Sick values, look in the mirror because if you don't stand up for what is good in this world what good are you....you're not.Now people are getting to see what it is to be a liberal.

hope and change people.....pretty soon this will be SOP if you dont follow what the gov tells you...

Why would anyone wait so many weeks before aborting a baby? How the heck can they even sleep or feel like their human after doing that. Though I don't even like the idea but if only 4-6 weeks at the most if that's what they feel they have to do then fine rather than a child noone wants to care for.  What kind of people wait so long when that baby is fully a child?

And liberals say guns are a problem!

Welcome to Pro-Choice Ladies......  Nothing like snipping those little necks.

"Authorities found $250,000 in cash at his home when they searched it in 2010." The problem is how is this relevant to the charges leveled against the Defendant? Either he broke the law or he didn't. The money has nothing to do with this other than to throw a red herring into it.

sux 2 b u

Guns don't kill people - abortion clinics kill people.

Liberals love to murder the unborn and now the born!! Sick #$%$!!

Pro-choice = pro-let-me-decide-if-this-will-be-an-inconvenienceHope no liberals get on the jury if this case gets that far. He would be turned loose to carry on as usual. When obama was an Illinois senator, he voted for late-term abortions so I am sure the graphic information in this article goes over his head.

5 minutes before, or 5 minutes later, no difference, right liberals?

snipped the spine?  Is that a attempt to make is seem humane in some way?

"She snipped the spines of at least 10 babies."  Joseph Mengele would have loved her as an assistant.  Planned Parenthood is pleased with infanticide and other forms of murder.  King Herod's slaughter of the innocents is nothing compared to the slaughter in abortion clinics across the United States every day.  The children's blood calls out from the grave for justice.

Unwanted kids get abused.

Michelle Obama wrote a letter in 2004 defending this Practice of Parital Birth!  Her Husband at that time was an Illinois State Senator and he voted 3 times to continue the practice in Illinois.  Illinois was finally able to ban the practice after Hussein left to unfortunately take his views to the Government level!

Sob now.... Burn in Helll forever !!

If these dumb #$%$ would use birth control we wouldn't have this problem, they are getting abortions..it is their choosing so why should they care the way their babies are killed.

State Senator Obama voted against a bill that would have allowed doctors to save a child born alive after a botched late-term abortion.

We really need a asteroid to wipe out most of society..the human race is in a very dark era and it needs to end now!!We really need a asteroid to wipe out most of society..the human race is in a very dark era and it needs to end now!!

The evil women would be heroes of dem party.

While I am anti abortion, this is the reason why it SHOULD NOT be outlawed. Women will seek them out regardless of the law and the poor ones will die in dirty back room and alleys while the rich ones simply fly to Europe to get it done all clean and legal like...

As written a "worker"  is guilty of "cutting" a baby. As should be written a murderer is guilty of stabbing a baby to death. This monstrous woman then states she didnt know it was wrong at the time. How could you not know that stabbing children to death is wrong? Or throwing dead body parts in the trash, keeping them in jars, freezers, etc. Maybe she was just doing her job like the good little SS "workers" were for Joseph Mengele.

"Abortions are typically performed in utero." Excuse me, but if they are not in utero, they are not abortions, but rather murder. That is the whole point in this trial. Even with our generous abortion laws, babies actually out of the womb are fully legal human beings with all the rights associated.

Thank you democrats..Mr. Obama, you did this. You and all your minions. No God, no morals, nothing but baby killers. Sickening.

Adrienne Moton has just replaced Sandra Fluke as the new democrat darling.

Obama could pardon the "doc", let him continue his work--with one requirement: Every mother considering an abortion should go work for the guy and be active in snipping little babies spines.

Quote: "She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't."STOP ABORTION NOW!!!!!!!!

What kind of person ARE YOU to snip the spines of tiny little babies??? Must be an awful lot of these horrifying people, you know the MOTHERS who have it done while the baby is hidden inside their womb.Isn't Cutting A Baby's Spine a REQUIREMENT to become a Democrat????????????

She slit a baby's throat that was delivered in a toilet.... But didn't know it was wrong.... Historically, a defense like that doesn't work to well.... Just sayin

Poor babies... Is this our humanity ...

my son was born at 24 weeks- born at 2 pounds, stayed 2 months in the nicu and is doing just fine. there was a 1.2 pound kid right next to him in that wing and he's doing fine too. 18 years ago that was.the media rarely publicizes this stuff as they're all about liberal ideals (if there's such a thing).

THIS IS WHAT YOU VOTED FOR.............HOWS YOUR SO CALLED ":RIGHTS" LOOKING NOW......IN THE FACE OF THIS HORROR.........A FACE OF AN INFANT......BEGGING FOR ITS LIFE

You all deserve the death penalty for this..........and you know it

Sterilize any woman getting an abortion for non life threatening reasons... she doesn't deserve children.

How do you freaking pro abortion people justify this?SICK!MURDERERS

Hey abortion lovers....this should be exciting, eh? "..snipped the spines..". I bet that gives you goose bumps, eh? No? Didn't know it was so ugly? Aw, Maybe you should read about 'late terms', and 'partial births'....if you can stomach it. 'Right to choose'? You mean, 'Right to kill'.

ALL of the Genocidal Maniacs ofthe 20th c. were Socialists &amp; Atheists...Murder doesn't bother them...Of course they support Abortion.What a BS headline by the blatantly pro-abortion Yahoo. How it should read is "Worker admits to killing 10 babies"

I visit alot of these "BUX" sites where you click on an ad for a few seconds and view an advertisement. I don't even pay much attention so I just click on the next ad. Well I stumbled on an adult ad. I could not believe what this girl was doing was doing. I was like shocked. How can women degrade yourself like that? Women are so loose now days. You have given in to the man. Now you are just as bad if not worse.

God help us all!

We couldn't even imagine the pain these infants suffered! Use dam protection!!

I feel like throwing up, this is so beyond sick.

This story brought a smile to so many liberals.

America....  Wake up!

I bet that fetus, (if had a choice) would rather had been a terrorist because it illegal to do those things to someone who kills by mass Murder.

As someone who fully supports abortion on demand, this makes me sick beyond anything.

"Even if there were a sinner most hardened,if he were to recite this chaplet (Divine Mercy) only once, he would receive grace from My infinite mercy. Whoever will recite it will receive great mercy at the hour of death..."Jesus to St. Faustina Kolwaska (Feb.22, 1931)Divine Mercy is the Sunday after Easter. Jesus gave specific instructions for what to do on that day.Murder is murder, no matter the method. Where is the impassioned Obama speech on this issue?

Obama supporters say they care about children but support this? Get over the left right paradigm sheep. They both hate us all. Quit trying to disarm us. Quit trying to tell us that killing babies is somehow not illegal. Quit telling us that war is good if its a Democrat but bad if its Repub. Grow up. Demo and Repub suck. Quit trying to BELONG to a dirty club.

I think you might have to be a psychopath to be an abortion doctor.

Mengele would be so proud.

If these babies were born first than had their spines snipped it would be called murder, so how is this any different? Late Term Abortion is Infanticide!

Baby killers in the baby killing industry.

"She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't."Total bull.

There are no words ....just prayers for all those precious souls.

Make abortion illegal and Gosnell will be seen as the good old days. Take abortion back to the alleys and back rooms and we can kill moms too.

Its called murder folks, plain &amp; simple!Its called murder folks, plain &amp; simple!

Don't worry folks our liberals progressive society  feels this is simply OK...cuz they weren't babies right? Sickos!

That's some ghoulish #$%$ right there.

Ah yes, the wonderful and "legal" practice of abortion.  I'm 63 and I still can't believe people in civilized society think abortion (murdering a baby) is ever okay.  Just say no ladies and keep your legs closed.

Abortion is nearly always self defense and not murder. The Grand Jury in this case found that lack of regulation and little or no supervision made these events possible. Bringing Pennsylvania abortion clinics up to NARAL and Planned Parenthood standards was recommended to the Pennsylvania legislature by the Grand Jury. The report is on line.

Can you read "unorthodox"?

This is what republicans are trying to stop. They are not trying to overturn Roe V. Wade like the media and the democrats portray  they just want to stop this kind of late term killing.

Abortion film &amp; videos should be shown in every Jr high school, and I bet that would stop people from having them or at least change their attitude about having one, but I'm betting $5 dollars the Demonic-rats Cult Party who control all schools would never allow that to happen. Those Demonic-rats LOVE murdering babies!!!

Everyone in the clinic you have been found guilty and sentenced to death by knife to the throat,or you have the other choice of having your spine cut

All you church going dems voted for a man that condones this. Be not deceived, God is not mocked. Your vote represents your morals.All you church going dems voted for a man that condones this. Be not deceived, God is not mocked. Your vote represents your morals.

So damn sick! Really, you didn't know that was wrong? Scissors, and a baby don't mix. Just sick, how you live with that is beyond me.

And you leftwing loons call the NRA killers?!! ...sick #$%$!!

All leftist media should be tried for the slaughterThey fully support baby death with venomous angry conservative HATE

This just shows and proves the people who support abortion are heartless (and mindless) animals.

Fake catholics condone abortion........shocking list  Among the 92 members of the US Congress who attended Catholic colleges, a majority have voted for abortion funding, the Cardinal Newman Society has found.In Congress as a whole, 52 of the lawmakers who attended Catholic collegesthat is, 56%--have supported abortion funding. Support for abortion is most pronounced among the Catholic-college graduates in the Senate, where 11 out of 15 have cast votes for legal abortion.The Cardinal Newman Society provides a list of the lawmakers from Catholic colleges who support abortion.

baby killing liberals

Delivering fetuses then hacking their spines?  Abortions at 6 months???  Abortion pills taking three days to kill a fetus and almost killing the mother?  What is this, some horror film?  This seriously sounds like a description of Auschwitz.I don't care what Roe v. Wade says, these animals need to be put in cages for a long time.  They aren't caregivers or healthcare providers, they're butchers.

This time sequence is absurd pertaining to when to terminate a pregnancy. To me once conceived a baby is a living human being. To others once the fingers and toes it is a human being. To others once the brain is formed it is a human being. With all of the advancements in Neonatial Medicene so many children have been given the opportunity to a great life. I know of a woman that due to a life threatning illness was given ONE opportunity to have a child. That child was born in less than the 20 weeks; thanks to a lot of prayers and excellent Doctors today she is 16 years, is a Genius in School, Horse Back riding Awards, Skies, just the Light of her mom and dad's life. So really when does life begin in the womb?

How could anyone read this and not be physically sick?Really care for the welfare of children? how about addressing abortion? not gun control! abortion murdered thousands of innocent soul in this country alone!

THIS murderer and his cohorts do this and we're worried about law-abiding citizens having weapons???????????????

These people (if you can call them that) are wicked, wicked, wicked!

Liberals for some reason don't like babies and children.  They totally support all forms of abortion and they don't like Jessica's Law.  Colorado, which has been infected by liberals, will not pass Jessica's Law.  A child rapist can get as little as a two year prison sentence in Colorado.

How can ANYONE support this type of behavior?  Well I guess Liberals and Democrats only look at this as a 'medical procedure'.

So Democrats get their panties in a wad when you slap the &amp;^%$ out of terrorist but have no problem with these butchers cutting a baby's spine?  What a sick group of twisted people those Democrats.

What happened to all the people that worked in that abortion clinic (NO CONSCIENCEs).

Not sure of the logic of people that get offended at some abortions but not others...so it's not cool to cut baby spines but it's ok to slice and dice them in other ways if they are just a bit younger and slightly less formed.....strange, sick logic indeed.....

So sad.  How can people do this and then live with themselves?  A bald eagle egg is more protected than a human being.

They are all alive when they kill them.  The means and developmental stages vary.They are all alive when they kill them.  The means and developmental stages vary.

If I were on the jury and I was not allowed to see the clinic I would automatically vote GUILTY.

Incredible cruelty to the most innocent.  Hell is too good for people this evil.

Pure evil.

Please give your babies up for adoption.....people want babies, and babies should be allowed to live........everyone happy

#$%$? I murdered 10 babies, but I was told to do it?Same defense as Nuremberg. As far as I'm concerned, this #$%$ just confessed to 10 murders.Disgusting, horrifying stuff here. Even if you're prochoice, can't we at least agree to stop third trimester abortions?

They are all guilty of morder!!!!!

And to think Obama supports this stuff.

Wow!!! Lynching would be too good for this sick sorry excuse for a human.

if you have to kill something , then its alive and a living thing. god help your souls, if you don't believe in god, then believe this, it will never leave your soul and it will come back to haunt youHell is waiting for them along with the mothers that went there

What's to be expected from an industry that makes lots of money sucking near-term baby's brains out without the benefit of anesthesia and calling it a woman's right to choose?

The abortion belief is coming from the left the atheist democratic party ! If we americans don't stop this coward act now then oneday these people will be snapping your spine with scissors ! These murders need to be trial for crimes against humanity right now ! Nazism , socialism , communism,  liberalism , and the american atheist democratic party who have blood on there hands for abortion ! The democratic party is responsible for this evil act they call abortion ! They are behind the gay movement in this country and atheistism is the democratic partys belief ! They have been hammering away at the moral values in this country for years ..The democratic party is your enemy not your friend ....Wake - up !!!

Yahoo isn't very good about publishing photographs, so what do they do here?  They give us a photo of his Lawyer!  The Lawyer does look like he is guilty of something...

And the attorney is trying to pull that 1970's race card #$%$.  MURDER IS MURDER

In the new testament when Jesus was referring to harming children, one of the last statements made by Jesus on that subject was "It might be best that he was never born".

This is one sick sick man.

Death sentence for all of them.

And to think that we're at 1.5-2 million per year in this country.It's going to take Divine deliverance to sort out this mess.

Wow. I'm very much in favor of supporting a woman's right to an abortion during the first term of her pregnancy. But this is just effing wrong. That man's a criminal.Wow. I'm very much in favor of supporting a woman's right to an abortion during the first term of her pregnancy. But this is just effing wrong. That man's a criminal.

Democrats still insist this is simply a procedure &amp; these are not babies - democrats have told themselves this so many times they believe it!........

You can thank your President and his Wife for their leadership of the left and its glorification ofMURDER.  Hundreds of your tax dollars given to Planned parenthood who pays for these murder for cash transactions all across the US.

Extremely tragic on many levels...  What I cannot grasp is why the Catholic church forbids birth control, knowing full well the results of that stance often lead to sordid stories like we have here...

What is the problem libs?  This is exactly what you asked for.  This happens every day every where.  This guy just got caught.  What did you think partial birth abortion,  obamas personal favorite, meant?  Oh that's right, libs don't think. They just emotionally react without any consciousness or awareness of the reality of their choices.  BTW the babies scream little screams of pain and cry little cries of terror too.  They left that part out.

My heart is breaking after reading this...

That is murder, plain and simple.

Look at this story Democrat liberals.  It will be your legacy.

absolutely demonic

Snap this #$%$ spineThey will all have to answer one day at that given time for what they have done !!! They will take their last breaths kicking and screaming and begging for mercy !!!!

Thats plain murder.when are the babies going to have the right to choose what they do with there body. Im sure they would choose life  and not to be murdered. Eye for a eye.

He was probably getting a federal grant just like all the other abortion factories.

Check out his patients, mostly blacks with a few hispanics...just sayin. What type of people would let that creepy looking freak do this.

That is just sick. I do not think the government should be involved or be able to regulate reproduction but there is BIRTH CONTROL.

this makes me so sick...i can't believe how many people was doing this!!!

obama voter for sure.

She had to be asked if she knew cutting a babys neck with scissors was wrong and she responded she didnt? What rational human being wouldnt find that to be deeply wrong and deeply very deeply disturbing.. I would prefer to not live with people like that in my world

It's time Americans rise up and take back this country from the crazy liberals in charge.

Democrats embrace late-term abortions as a women's health issue.  They defend it at every turn.  How on earth does this kind of abortion benefit a woman's health?This story must make liberals so proud! I mean, it isn't murder or a disgustingly heinous act because these aren't really babies after all...

Sick freak.  Let's put him in a room with mirrors, snip his spine, and then let him watch himself slowly die.  Then we can see how funny and jokey jokey it is.

Homosexuality, tax and spend, the murder of the unborn and recently born. This is the liberal democrat way.

Want fewer abortions?  Perform more VASECTOMIES!!!!!!

Well, he is just killing babies, not that there is anything wrong with it. We gotta support his cause, let's go march for the rights of the killers.

they all need to be hung

I will speak for the babies cause they can`t speak for themselves. "I Want To Live!"

These people are butchers!  If a baby is taken and can survive, after that it's murder for anything done to them.

those were not abortions... im ok with those.. those are called murders... big difference....

This is what you guys wanted when you voted for those who wanted this legal.This is what you guys wanted when you voted for those who wanted this legal.

Lock em up and throw away the key,this is really disturbing,and the liberals claim ban guns in the name of child safety.HYPOCRITES IN THE HIGHEST

Sadly there are millions of people living here in america that don't have a problem with what happened here. Everytime a state wants to pull back on the amount of time such as N.Dakota just did limiting them to the first 20 weeks, that a woman can have an abortion these "people" come out of the wood works complaining like these states are being SO unreasonable.I would also point out to those who think there are very rarely any late term abortions that in reality there are quite a few.What a sad society we live in when everyone is not outraged by this story.

Pope Francis just gave a homily on loving and respecting the tiniest of creatures.

Common sense says this is not the only murder mill this is happening in.

Monster.

democrats love to kill the defencless.....they have no courage to kill people that can defend themselves

This happens in abortion clinics all the time, but as long as it's more sanitary, quicker, and done more efficiently by a more competent killer, it doesn't seem to bother anyone.

55 Million dead Americans and counting.... The Abortion beat goes on and on and on, kinda like a heartbeat does!

Gee, I wonder why they don't show a picture of the actual abortion doctor rather than the defense attorney (!) ? Hmm. Gee I wonder if it be because the "doctor" is a sacred minority?Aborticide is child abuse. Period.

I can't even fathom how another human being could do that????

sad that people will kill a baby inside of them but would turn around and fight to the death for a child they hold in their arms.

Does being sexually stupid lead to abortions?

Yeah yesterday YAHOO ran a story about a six week limit on abortion in North Dakota.Liberals SCREAMED to be allowed to kill kids whenever they like.Right YAHOO?  Who's side did you pick, YAHOO?  Dead bleeding kids or screaming Obama Liberals?

Who are you going to blame it on this time ?  some documentary maker ?  Right wing extremists ?  Lies from the Bible Belt ?  And thank you Mr. Makai, for the observation about adoption, but the liberal regressives only want this years fashion statement, not a real child needing a home.  Can't show off your immigrant accessory if they are from the U.S.

when you open the door for abortion, you have to know that a few monsters will slip in. This is one they caught. I wonder how many more are out there that haven't been caught?

Is there any wonder why there are nuts commiting mass murder? The abortion movement of Marget Sanger has devalued human life.

Wait a minute...I thought making abortion legal was supposed to keep women from having to have "back alley abortions" in unsafe conditions that threatened their lives?  I thought it was supposed to be "preventive healthcare" according to the feminists?  Do you mean that there are unsavory people who actually MAKE MONEY from this noble practice, and that it could actually cause women HARM?  SHOCKING!

Makes you wonder how people live with themselves.How can anyone look at a baby or child and approve abortion.

The 17-year-old already had a baby.  She should have known how to stop pregnancy by then.'He called the prosecution of his client, who is black, "a lynching."'  Really?  Playing the race card?  Most of his victims--excuse me, patients--were likely black, also.  This is an insult to blacks and others who really were slaves in the early days of the US.  Disgusting!

Sick sick sick SOB'S How could they do that to a little soul that God created.  Makes me weep just thinking about it.  But I share this with everyone, you can bet those little souls are in heaven.

The anti-christ at work

Sick,sick,sick,sick.sick.sick,sick,sick,sick.  Shame on humanity.

I think this man needs his ?enis snipped!

As much as it upsets me I am still of the opinion that I should mind my own business. I wish I could change my mind on this, I'd love to defend in court and in congress that defending those who cannot defend themselves is an obligation of society but it simply is a free country and the child is still considered part of a woman's body which makes it none of my concern.I should never have clicked this article... it makes me think that women who go through abortions for convenience should have a mandatory closing of their vagina. =/

This is wrong on so many levels. These are the same people that think guns should be banned while they are killing about 1 million babies per year.

Ok, i think the sentence carried out should be he gets his spine snipped. Oh what??? He wouldn't like that would he??? Well neither did those HUMAN BEINGS he killed.

Question: Does a flower have life?$10/hour to snip a human spine?  Didn't know it was wrong?  I want to puke.

Men can't choose to not be a father, but women can choose not to be a mother.

This is inhuman, folks, we have got to quit killing our babies.  There is no way you can make this right!!

Demo's love it

And you all think this is a unique case? Abortions are a BUSINESS, plain and simple.

It looks like Margret Sanger and Clarence Gamble did have off spring. Name...Kermit Gosnell. If anyone out there knows the history of Planned Parenthood. You'll know who these folks are.

Racists - Obama backs late term abortions and if you are against Obama you are a racist.

He certainly doesn't look black from the photo; wel, maybe Michael Jackson shade of black.

ahhhh...omg. Abortion is such a sad topic, no matter what reason it had to be done. Now to hear such kinds of people, jeez lousie. How could you live with yourself? How could you even eat after that?

50 million abortions now and counting since Roe V. Wade.  Congratulations to you democrats.  The killing continues with whatever available method is handy at that moment.Playing the race card with this?  Lawyers have hit a new low.

Special place in hell for these #$%$.

So how is severing the spinal cord of a newborn that managed to survive an abortion any different than wrapping a newborn in a blanket, towel or trash bag and throwing it in a dumpster?  Society considers the latter homicide punishable by a jail term, as a number of young women have unfortunately discovered (remember Amy Grossberg and her boyfriend Brian Peterson circa 1998?)  If we as a society value life to the extent that we punish those who destroy a baby once it has left the womb, we must also protect those who by some miracle survive abortion.

what are there about 100 million little baby eyes looking down from heaven..........they are all innocent.........they dont know they were murdered.........

All human lives should be treated as important, from the time of conception to the time of death.

This is sick!  The War on Children continues, not a so called war on women.

What total freaks WTFk could do such a thing and let me guess the females wanting to kill their babies were most Black and the clinic workers were mostly White.

all ABORTIONS   are murder......there is a special place in hell for all those involved.......

and this is healthcare?????

This is murder of a human being. There is no grey area here, it's clear.Liberalism at its finest...eh?!  Disgusting.

Free birth control to all students, starting as soon as they show any interest in sex.

What about all the babies that are killed(ABORTED) daily in the USA some aprox. 3000. I would not want to be in the person(s) shoes that is doing this come judgement day. Gosnell who is your daddy ?The devil? Your are one wicked man

Cold blooded.......someone should have snipped her spine.  When they abort these babies how do they know that they are not aborting a genius who would discover a cure for cancer,diabetes, asthma, fibromyalgia, hepatitis, herpes, aid????She should be charged with murder 10 count!

Since there are thousands of women who can't have kids our there, paying thousands of dollars for adoptions, why can't these mothers who don't want a baby sell theirs ?  They get thousands of dollars, a woman gets her baby, a life is saved, and every one has a happy ending.  Why is this so hard to do ?   I mean, at least there is an option.

I could not even finish reading this article! So sad what a sick human being to do such a thing ! God must be in tears for what we have become !

Mummy? Why did that masked evil liberal man shove a needle into my skull and suck my brains out of my head? That hurt me! Mummy, what did I ever do to you? Mummy?

This is just one place you know they all do it. Abortion is just murder.

"she" was in pain.......wonder what it felt like for the baby when it's s[ine was snipped.

It is pretty sad when animals are protected more than these poor defenseless children. True animals do not need to be mistreated either but there is more noise made over cruelty to animals then cruelty to babies and children.you know, all Ican do is shake my head, because I'm flat speechless at the sheis that liberals have turned loose on us all.

Do you libs out there feel PROUD when you hear stories like this ???

Gut wrenching to read.  Some people have no souls.

America has brought about its own chastisement at the hands of the Lord.  This is why I go to clinics in my area and sit on public property and pray my rosary in silence for the poor children being slaughtered by these monsters.  I also pray for there mothers, I pray they will one day repent and come home to Christ.  We all sin, but Christ is waiting with open arms to unburden us and welcome us home.  As for shady Joe Biden getting the vip treatment by Apostate cardinals in Rome, God help them for they will be chastised greater than any one else on this earth.

"Their" spines should be snipped

And of COURSE the defendent and his lawyer had to play the RACE CARD!C'mon, everything isn't racially based.  How many inner city babies did this man kill?  While at the same time selling prescription narcotics, etc, to inner city people....but I bet he'll be defended by some!

These people should have their spines snipped. Only thing is you can only do them once what they did to ??? babies. God have mercy on you people, I won't.

How many murders does it take to become a serial killer?, compared to this guy Dahmer,Bundy,Ed ghein, manson are all novices, no to a noose around his neck give himone of those spinal tap scissors wire cutter death surgeries he is known for, hitlersbaby boy.

McDonalds signs.....................millions and millions served.Planned Parenthood signs......millions and millions murdered

He could have "struck it rich in the suburbs" and paid taxes, but he chose to strike it really rich in the inner city killing women and children.These are not examples of abortions...these are examples of MURDER...And I am Pro Choice!

"She earned about $10 an hour, off the books, to administer drugs, perform sonograms, help with abortions and dispose of fetal remains. Workers got $20 bonuses for second-term abortions on Saturdays, when a half-dozen were sometimes performed."So, $10 an hour "off the books" is $80 a day or $400 for a 5-day week, plus up to an extra $120 a week for those Saturday late terms. So now we're up to $520 a week. I wonder if she was declaring that income on her taxes, cuz that averages about $27,000 a year, which isn't bad for an "off the books" (i.e., no taxes withheld) income for a medical assistant who lives with her employer.

I hope no one is surprised by this.

movie industry coined the term "baby bump" how low class and the trolls started using it-the liberals also coined empty meaningless terms like homophobia,xenophobia,islamaphobia-----NO PHOBIA because you dont want gays muslims and borders over run--abortions  -gays-evil everywhere folks-rampant black crime

Liberal Democrats have killed more human life than Hitler ever did.Shame on America !!!!!

Why is this sick s.o.b.'s story under the politics section.  This monster and every one who participated should be slowly and painfully put to death.

There's a special hell for these baby killers, these murderous mothers and their cruel doctors.

These LIBERALS are at fault here...this guy should have his spine clipped...America there is no excuse for letting this happen...Whats the differance...between this and 5 or 6 years old?????still murder in the first degree...how dare any man pass a law saying its OK....only GOD can make these decisions....No man or women should...EVER....and for its mine or their body people....once you LET the child IN (so to speak)...its no longer your body its a host to a child in development thats as innocent as can be....and if you CHOSE to seperate you and your child...then HOPE that GOD will forgive your desired consequinces..these are facts and I am not judging...but in these days and times we all had better wake up to the facts at hand....

may all of them spend the rest of their miserable lives in the darkest dankest hole the prison has. then rot in hell

My Lord ... can't you people see what we are allowing to happen here ?? ... it is the same thing we allowed Hitler to do to the Jews!  Abortion is MURDER ... and the very stories being told in this courtroom only confirms that.  We have become a nation of MURDERERS.   God have mercy on us all.obama is "Spineless"!111

If only Obozo's mom had kept her Planned Parenthood appointment

The nexus between pregnancy, poverty, and desperation giving a specialized predator all he can eat.  He looked so gallant returning to the neighborhood but it was really about the abundant prey. He didn't even bother to learn with the technology. Claims his share of  the inner city illegal prescription drug market in the mix. Other predators gave him room.

And yet this is what industry thought leadership such as Peter Singer advocate as the next step

Punishment should match the crime. However, I question whether or not they have a spine.

this might be illegal for me to say,but i hope someone walks up to this guy and puts one right in his head.

Li'tards see babies as...A welfare checkA way to get food stampsA profit from their abortions..sick twisted freaks

There was a time people were thrown in an asylum for illness not understood....people were experimented on, tortured, and killed if they were slow because society said they couldn't feel like "normal" people. When is society going to realize killing babies at any gestation period is murder. When they stand before God I suppose......

Liberals are all a bunch of ghouls.  Demonrats are the party of death, unless it's a child r@pist and/or killer.  Then in their crazy minds, those pigs deserve to live.  What a bunch of bat chit crazies libtards are.

I could have gone my whole life without hearing about this.I could have gone my whole life without hearing about this.

Women may call it "choice". The child calls it "death".

why no photos of the doctor and assistant?  why a photo of the doctor's attorney? strange.

I am completely disgusted by this. Is this what the pro-choicers had in mind? Do they feel good about giving women a choice to make a baby suffer? Disgusting!!

Evil.

I bet the Democrats will pass a law before long that allows mothers to kill their own newborns.  They will say that this will save the government and the mothers money.

007 US Doctors..!! Licensed to KILL..babies..!!? Only in America..!!

these people are sick. omg. how could somebody do this stuff? i wouldn't take the whole universe to do what these evil people did. that guy is a joesph mengele.

I don't see many people talking about choice here tonight.

Do you want to have laws against jaxking off #$%$ killing the unborn?The photo above depicts pure evil. I visualize satan him self when I look at that #$%$ bag, He is probbaly a theief too.

Article: "[The doctor] returned to the impoverished neighborhood after medical school when he could have struck it rich in the suburbs." ... said his defense lawyer.So what. The Colorado theater shooter COULD HAVE made a good living in HIS profession...but... he was a murder! Don't try and gild-frame the ugly lives of people like this. Defend your client but save us the spineless excuses.

to Pro-Choice Groups.  This is what really happens in case you did know.  I'm for a law the requires you take a picture of your slaughtered baby and be carried it in your purse for 18 years.

From now on killing healthy, breathing, born babies will now be referred to as 'unorthodox abortions'

Animal...put him in the main yard at Folsom Prison

Absolutely disgusting!

God forgive us as a society.  We have strayed so far.

This is murder. Hope he receives the fullest punishment of the law. Bring justice to those babies!

This is just the beginning of what goes on in abortion clinics.  I applaud Yahoo for finally writing an article about some of the horror that goes on in those places.If only Yahoo would come out with more of these stories I think people can wake up and end this Holocaust which has haunted our nation since Roe vs. Wade.

I"m very pro-abortion, but only in the first trimester.  This is murder.Wow, of the 500000 ways to make a living, this is what you choose?  I mean, this is what sound BEST to you?

This doctor is the face of the MODERN FEMINIST movement and what they are really all about.  Maybe this will wake people up.

I cannot comprehend how anyone could do this to a baby.  Pure evil!

This article proves...a person will make a living doing practically anything...disgusting...

America sure looks to be the festering core of this corrupt, diseased and evil World.

this guy is a monster and needs to be in the darkest hole the prison system has to offer

this is sick. after they are born to snip their neck and say i didnt know this was wrong? ITS COMMON sense! wow... and they act like the poor mothers of these killed babies are not doing wrong because they are desparate and low income. AND?! does that give the mom the right to do that?! I say prosicute the mothers as well as the doctors who do this! they are just as wrong as the doctor.

#$%$ is wrong with this guy and the people who did this why would you harm a baby really a fing baby why the f would you do that u sick sobs rot in hell these are babies man

I would say this was mass murder and he should be hung from a tree and left there to rot.

This world is filled with evil.  Many on the left condone this kind of behavior.  I'm sure glad I'm not part of it.  What a bunch of sickos.It sickens me, but I'm glad this came out.  This is not an isolated case, and not an isolated clinic.  They are all over the country.  Once we have devalued life the way our society has, and have decided that killing babies in the womb is "not our business" it's a short step to murdering viable babies outside the womb.

Im a liberal Im pro choice; but these babies were out of the womb-this  is murder . He should get the needle

I am pro-choice,but this is disgusting,these babys could've survived outside the womb.

someone made the statement that "a society is no better than how it treats the "least" of it's citizens"....I agree that all need protection from harm but we need to have burned into our minds that WE were the so-called "least" before we were born..have to say that this story made me feel  ill...we have commercials about baby seals being beaten to death and many feel it's such a tragedy..is snipping an unborn child's spine any less of a tragedy....God help our country

Even if I was pro-choice, I cannot see the point in this.  If the baby is that far along, why not give it up for adoption at that point?  This is sickening.

ALL abortion is murder.  That is indisputable.  The human child is also NOT the mother's body.  If you kill part of the mother's body, would she survive?  So the question is not whether a baby is being killed.  It is.  The question is should America tolerate this horror and, if so, why.

That is plain, flat-out MURDER !Those people will have to answer to God -- eventually -- for doing that.

Liberals = Murder Inc.

burn in Hell butchers.

the guy is way below human sacrifices!So what...Its legal America...The people have spoken, the courts have spoken, shameless congressmen have spoken... In America murder of babies is LEGAL...SHAME to AMEWRICA....

No matter how you look at it, it's murder. Period. And that is how God is going to judge it. Period.

People suck ........ I miss my dog

Someone asked what is done with all the abortions? Thats how libs are made.

happens all the time

well its ok as long as women have "thier rights". Bunch of #$%$

Why is he dressed so nice. He should have been stripped of every penny.

A society that commits such atrocities without even questioning the morality of the deed is in an advanced state of putrefaction.

I hope all the pro-choice people are happy now, with being irresponsible and sick.  A lynching, really?  His unethical slime deserves what he gets, no matter what his color.

holy f__king s__t i am at an endliver spots on his head? maybe payback is coming to him.

He catered to minorities, and he looks German. Time to get out the popcorn.

SICK!

OMG!  I am for a woman's right to choose, but this is despicable.  Seriously, I completely agree that after three months, abortions should be illegal.

They are all progressive Democrats.

Vultures always feed off of the weak and dying. They prosper off of dead things. This Dr.is a human vulture. May he be rewarded according to his works.

Libturds have no problem with what they did.

A prime example of liberals and their true faces.

Fetus is just a Greek word that means "little one".  It has no real medical meaning other than to sanitize killing unborn babies.

Gosnell later joked that the baby was so big he could have walked to the bus stop.Just another Democrats soldier fighting THE WAR  on Babies .Since our president shares  the same values ,maybe Mr. Obama will grant him a pardon when he leaves office.Gosnell later joked that the baby was so big he could have walked to the bus stop.Just another Democrats soldier fighting THE WAR  on Babies .Since our president shares  the same values ,maybe Mr. Obama will grant him a pardon when he leaves office.

With as many contraceptives available, it still baffles me that a man like this ever has any customers.

It's not about the money.  If he'd wanted, he could have rescued the babies, sold them on the black market, and made money on both ends.  It's about killing.

Whoa.  That is all unbelievably effed up.

MONSTERS!

I am a libertarian, support Ron Paul and supported Romney, but don't hate Obama like many do, I just detest Obama's lack of experience, knowledge and intelligence on handling national security-sensitive issues. I am so Anti-Abortion, I am to the right of Palin and Cheney on this issue. Killing babies is sick. Only a sick society pays doctors to kill the unborn. I am disgusted and sad. If these people have faith in God and their Savior Jesus, Christ, Lord Almighty or any other God they worship, they would not work in abortion "Workshops". Anyone who is Pro Choice is a sicko.

The death penalty wouldn't be enough justice for these baby killers!

"unorthodox abortions" sounds so much nicer than infanticide. I bet the good doctor wished he had this Yahoo writer on his jury.

Rowe v. Wade gave the women of the U.S. the legal right to murder their children. A right they have exercised under the banner of "pro choice"  millions upon millions of times!

MURDER is MURDER....and NO one has a "Right to Choose" !Has anyone reached out to Sandra Fluke about this war on women

What this man did  literally made me sick to my stomach.  I.'m sure there are many more out there in society that  are doing the same thing he has done.  When  we cheapen the value of life  of the most innocent and helpless in society, you can bet  many opportunists will fill his spot.   That is the problem with abortion is any stage of pregnancy becomes fair game.  How could any one look in the face of a fully developes baby and then cut its spinal cord.  COLD BLOODED MURDER for money!

i say give the liberals a little taste of there own medicine,, very simple, start w/ the politicians !

Yuck

Three words buried in the article tell us why no one cared: "inner city clinic".

Murder INC USA

This country is sick, and deserves whatever it gets.

Cold blooded murder. No excuse. None.

And yet the libs get all worked up when 20 children are killed in an unusual act, but say NOTHING about the 3000+ other children that were murdered that day, and every day since.

The liberals won't come near this blog.  They should be ashamed but they are not.  You can "almost" understand why these murderers are often targeted.It would be more of a "just" procedure to save the baby and abort the doctor (and in some cases the mother too)

Liberals complain about Sandy Hook then support this garbage. They have NO integrity.

What a horror story!  If women were responsible and learned to keep their legs closed, we wouldn't have unwanted pregnancies and certainly not 24 month abortions.  This is unconscionable by all parties.  If you're 6 months pregnant, give birth and give the baby up for adoption.  Then learn to say no.

Barack Obama voted to make it legal to preform these late term killings when he was a state Senator and when he served as a Illinois Senator.

women baby killers.

OK libs. Still think killing babies is a choice?

Doing an abortion in order to save the mothers life is the "inch" that Liberals were given. This story is a perfect example of the "mile" that they took.

Reading over many of the comments already posted, I am somewhat startled that any politician can survive being pro-abortion.  However, liberals champion this murder factory as "women's health".  They only fool themselves.  Spend a little time at the baby window at any delivery hospital them imagine yourself taking a pair of sissors and cutting the spine of one of the innocents.  Murder.

Anyone who wants to abort a baby has to be sick in the head!!  No matter the law...it is murder.  Imagine that...butchering unborn and born children for money!  God help us be rid of baby killers!

Oh you liberal democrats are so kind and compassionate. Always talking human rights. Unless you happen to be a baby in the womb.I was in full support of the manthat murdered the abortion doctor. Full support. Didn't mind hearing about the bombing of clinics either. Not at all.

I don't understand how these people could sleep at night? So very sad. May God havemercy on their souls.

As a Senator from Illinois, Barack Obama signed into legislation "LATE TERM ABORTIONS" allowing this "BARBARIC" procedure.But, but, but protecting "smalt fishes in California" are allowed to breed.  And California farmland suffers.  Then aren't there some turtle eggs also protected by this government?  Just goes to show this President doesn't care about America's future.

He sounds like a criminal to me, and I am a "liberal"  I do not hate AR's.  Stop putting fellow Americans in one pot and thinking we are all alike.  It is not true.   I hate the murder of the unborn, but recognize that it is just not legislatable.  If a woman is bleeding to death and needs an emergency d&amp;c, she should not have to seek permission from some board of doctors to get it while she bleeds to death.  It should be left between her and her doctor.  I do not believe in people using abortion for birth control, that is wrong, from my own moral beliefs, but it cannot be banned without endangering women who actually need abortions to save their lives.  This article makes me sick.  I think of all the people who cannot have children and I am sad for them and for these babies that did not have to die.  Yes, I am a "liberal."

Tony is exactly right ! I think there is  legitimate reasons for abortions like rape , incest ,the mothers health &amp; gross deformations . Slaughtering a human because you didn't take precautions is not one

why cant she be tried for murder thats what she did

Why aren't the liberal press showing Kermit "The Murderer" Gosnell instead of his white attorney?

Sometimes I stand in unbelief that it is actually legal to murder babies in this country. God help us.

If the same standards were used to regulate abortions as guns, all abortion clinics would be closed within a month because of what this person/these people did.

Every one of these damn murderers ought to be executed, and the same way they murdered those innocent babies.  This is disgusting!!!I wonder how many of these cases were referred from Planned Parenthood?

And we wonder why our society produces people capable of killing 20 innocent children. If this is the "enlightened" society that Liberals champion, than count me f....n out!

Is Obama coming to the Killer Clinic in Phily for a photo op..?Later our Hussein can appoint VP Biden to form a committee to recommend ways and ideas to dispose aborted US babies in acceptable ways to the US Dept of Health and AMA..! He strongly objected to the use of "Made in China" Scissors used by the Killer Clinic..!!

Biden and Pelousey have the GULL to go see the POPE !!! What a DISGRACE !!

To all you abortion supporters: You are all on trial right now !!!One day, you'll have to pass that judgement table and you'll have to answer to the Almighty !!!

Since liberals want to publish the names and addresses of gun owners, the same should happen for all abortion doctors.

Look upon the fruits of your cause liberals.  Don't you dare look away, from this.

How is this worse then killing it in before it is born?

Murderous acts that resemble the kind of work that hollywood favors. More social engineering.

As the slogan goes: "It is a child, not a choice."  Who stands up for the rights of that child?Liberals are the one type of people you DON'T want in charge of your welfare.

I cannot comphrehend how any human being could support this Nazi like infanticide. It is disgusting, vile and inhuman. Sickening. Libearls are some sick MFs.

You abortion supporters are sick in the head.

Stay classy, Liberals.

Sickening!! Ban abortion now!

It's just a fetus. With it's own heartbeat, unique DNA, it's own blood coursing through it's veins, and in many of these cases, able to survive outside the mother's womb. Maranatha!

obama, when he was a state senator, supported late term abortions... not sure if he still does to be fair. you hardcore abortion supporters make me sick and may God have mercy on your souls. aren't you liberals happy you get to experience life and not have had your spines snipped when you were newborns? 55 millions babies since 1970 didn't get the same chance you did, just ponder on that for awhile libs.

The progressives want to ban guns to "save the children" but infanticide is acceptable.

This is absolutely SICKENING - he should be in prison for life

Sick murdering bass-terds,everyone of them should be in prison or have their own life snuffed out the same way they murdered so many innocent children. Pro-abortionist make me want to puke.This person will burn in Hades forever.

And people wonder why I am against abortion. Hope you rights are worth it ladies. Pathetic.

Isnt this what the liberals want?

Let me guess......it's a woman's choice.......Jer 1:5  Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.

Murderer!

When the abortion debate comes up these examples are never stated. Its always rape and incest.

Yahoo shows a picture of the white attorney, instead of a picture of the black doctor, apparently to provide cover for the black killer for political purposes

I learned recently from Democrats that a massacre of young children is a good enough reason to ban everyone from exercising a civil right.Why not the same treatment of abortion?

Do women who have their fetuses removed and killed still "own" them afterward?

Here in the United States of America, Land of the Free and Home of the Brave, 4000 babies a day are hacked and chopped and snipped to death.And we look down on mongrels like Hitler, Stalin, Mao, Pol Pot.....Why is abortion being used as a method of birth control in this day and age?  It is extremely difficult to fathom that people who are old enough to engage in sexual activity are too stupid and lazy to take the steps necessary to prevent pregnancy.  Get real.

Barack said he supports 100% late term abortion.  YAHOO and Walter Shapiro were never in the room when the precious innocent ones were yanked from their mothers, murdered bleeding and crying, and sent off to Obama's stem cell lab.  Their lips were firmly attached to Obama's cheeks.

Oh   my   God   . . . . . .  . ..

What's the big deal? This is something Obama and many other democrats have voted for on multiple occasions.

No need for ultra sounds before abortion just have them read this article . Should be mandatory

Any bets on these people being Obama supporters . . . ?

Eagle nests create acres of undeveloped land, mass murderers get to live, but babies can be killed for money?

I hope a lot of "pro-choice" folks read the article, because it's why so many libertarians oppose abortions in the third trimester, when the fetus is viable.

abortionists lose their humanity.. they have no sense of sanctity of life

Murder in the first degree................This is the face of pro choice. pretty is it not?

If they were killing dogs or cats the liberals/progressives would be up in arms over it!

The new face of the far left Obamanation.

Just the people who want to keep funding abortions are the same people who wrote Obama Care!!

I am pro choice during the first trimester, but this is not abortion, this is torture and murder and is horrific. I have never read anything like it. Sickening.

Doing the fine work of plan parenthood Libs should be so proud of what they have created

Disgusting and sooo evil!

Google pictures of a 20 week old baby.  How can anyone say it is not murder to kill those sweet babies??!!

Now all of you liberal baby killers know why most Americans are against late term abortions.These babies were alive after abortions.

In many States this is Legal, Supported by the Democratic Party who have fought and still fight to keep this Legal so if you are a Democrat you are as Guilty of Killing these Little Babies as these Serial Killers. Don't say your not because you are.Now all of you liberal baby killers know why most Americans are against late term abortions.These babies were alive after abortions.

In many States this is Legal, Supported by the Democratic Party who have fought and still fight to keep this Legal so if you are a Democrat you are as Guilty of Killing these Little Babies as these Serial Killers. Don't say your not because you are.

Abortion is the kind of garbage the left covets!They hate God and love homosexuality. They are the sickest of America. They are the 19 to 30 year olds that, without question, are morally lost and virtueless. I WILL NOT LISTEN TO THEM.

Obama drafted a law in Illinois......Any Doctor giving medical aid to any child who SURVIVED an abortion attempt...Would loose their Medical  License and suffer a FelonyIn response to the Obama Illinois Law...Bush signed the Conscience Law...Any Doctor or Nurse can REFUSE to do procedures without penaltyObama is a conscienceless, amoral Monster.....Period.

This is why abortions should be illegal and carry death penalty if perform.

Talk about hypocrisy.  IF the live baby is killed while still in the womb, its a "legal" abortion.  But 5 minutes later, if that same child, with the same life in him/her, is outside of the womb, suddenly only then is it "murder."  Talk about a sick society.  And we have the nerve to act surprised at how easily a shooter can walk into a school and kill a dozen kids with a gun.  What is the difference between the "shooter" and the abortion doctor who kills the child while in the womb.  Both involve the murder of an innocent victim(s) and both are equally morally wrong.

A nation who murders their babies, whether in the womb or out...because they feel like they have a right to choose who lives or dies will surely reap a judgement and punishment like no other!

Would demoncRATS oppose abortion if the babies were killed with a gun?

Under Obama we have become a very sick &amp; lawless society - like Kenya

It amazes me that women consider abortion a right...who do you think you are ?Execute this man.

Obamacare will use taxpayer dollars to pay for things like this.

How do you feel about those abortions now libs?

Convict the doctor for all the murders and sentence him to have his head snipped off with a pair of dull scissors.

"an embryo is no more a child than a seed is a tree." I guess abortionists must believe in creationism. They believe everything pops into being as clearly humans did not evolve they just came about, our primate ancestors are no more human then a seed is a tree right?

Liberals are dancing in the streets, cheering at this. They love baby-slaughtering!

makes my hair rise unbelievable animals these are no doctors just cold blooded animals

murder

Why does the US have the Unborn Victims of Violence Act as a federal law?That law recognizes a child in utero who is killed or injured during a federal crime as a victim of the crime. If the child in utero "dies" as a result of the crime the criminal can be prosecuted for murder even if the woman survives. Although this law applies only to federal crimes states have similar laws. These laws recognize the in utero child as a PERSON with constitutionally protected rights.The inherent nature of that in utero child is what it is. It doesnt change based on surroundings. Its not one thing on the street and another inside an abortion clinic. Either that in utero child is an inanimate blob or it is a person with constitutional rights. Make up your mind which it is and then ALL laws should adhere to the definition.Something has to go. Either the UVVA laws should be abolished because its just an inanimate blob or the abortion laws should be abolished because its a person with constitutional rights. Which laws should we abolish ladies? Its "your body" so you decide.

The Devil is going to LOVE some People .Liberals love abortion!

The women who went there should be put on trial with him and they should face the same charges

If you don't want a baby,  keep your legs crossed.

Back in the day,when guys like this and women like that nurse were running illegal "chop shops" in the allies, I was pro abortion. Too many women were dying from botched abortions. So, I supported it to stop the unnecessary murder of women and girls.However,with the availability of the "morning after pill" diverse forms of birth control and the ghastly results we see in instances like this, where it's a quick trip across state lines? I would say that the Feds need to grow some and demand that the abortion code be uniform for every state in the union. NO abortion should be performed after 8 weeks unless deemed a medical necessity and no abortion should be provided for out of state patients on demand. I want to remain Pro-choice, but not when I read cr@p like this.I belong to Planned Parenthood and fully support the program. Women should have the right to choose but they don't have the right to be STUPID regardless of their age or financial status. Choice demands responsibility for actions and the results of those actions. We know the risks of sex, or should by now.we know there are methods to prevent conception,they've been on the market for years,we know to check to see if an oops may turn into  a baby within days- those products are out there and have been for years as well. There is no excuse for this doctor nor the women who would use a doctor like this.

REDRUM!

This is that slippery slope anti-abortion people have been warning about.

Who actually waits until 24 weeks to get an abortion?!!

Keep defending "a woman's right to choose" - to have their child murdered...

This is what Obama wants, they can also put a tube in the babies head and suck out the brains just minutes before birth.

here we go again with the knee jerk reaction.. one bad apple and now the antiabortion crowd is going to run with this...how are we not calling for Philadelphia government head to roll for allowing this to go unchecked for 30 years?  Where is our President on this???

55 million babies murdered, slaughtered, ripped apart piece by piece in their mothers womb. There is no way we can justify that no mater what anyone says, shameful.

Evil bastard

Hey, why worry, its just a blob of tissue. There is no living matter in the thing, its just nothing. "What a pity a child must die so you can live the life you want" Mother Teresa. We wonder just from a fiscal standpoint why our taxes are out of control, well, we have about 80 million people missing from our economy. Its time to overturn Roe v. Wade and let each state decide.

Obama voters.

Oh God - this article, these people.  How horrific!  Damn women, make a decision before you have sex, think of something bigger than yourself.  How disgusting, selfish, sickening - I am so sick right now from reading this.

SICK! and should not be reported......Your mind should never have to read this trash!.

Where are all the Liberals that support this cr_p? Give me your womens rights BS again, what about babies rights?

What is odd about this, is none of the pro-choice people are defending this.  The forced birth people seem to think pro-choice people like this, but that is just not true. If the facts are as stated in this case, the doctor broke the law and should be punished.  So you can throw your silly little strawman arguments out there all of you forced birthers, but they are just not reality.

I hope the medical assistant is also charged.She knew what She was doing was wrong.I hope the medical assistant is also charged.She knew what She was doing was wrong.

OBAMA OK'S ABORTION

He abortioned late term babies and babies that were born alive?? That is way more sickening than aborting at 2 months.

This is sickness, what kind of a women could let this happen, don't want to know what I think of a women who would do this to their child.

thank your mom&gt;&gt;&gt;you were born:)

And people call Al Qaeda barbaric when they behead hostages.

Another success story for pro-choice.

Wow. Cutting the spines of babies after they have been born? God, that is Sickening.

Only feminists and sociopaths think it is OK to painfully murder babies.

And this is EXACTLY what libs and Planned Parenthood INSIST be allowed... abortion without restrictions.This type of stuff happens at ALL abortion clinics. 11 million babies are murdered here in the US every year, just to satisfy mentally ill liberals. And liberals are more concerned about 11,000 firearm-related homicides each year? These people are SICK!!!

befor the first election of barak Obama this issue was voted on by him and he approved of late term abortion. so long as the babys head pops out first it could be murdered the same way.

0zero approves of abortion .

post utero abortions ? they are alway murder. 10 of them is a serial killer

liberals will back killing babies like this daily, but must ban the AR because it is a evil mass killing machine. hmmm.....makes perfect sense

Where do these people come up with the money to even open businesses? Some struggle through life trying to even get a business off the ground that has great potential yet these people, basically nut cases, waltz right into the dance, the money is right there. Apparently, i does matter who you blow, not what you know. Getting no place with brains, intelligence. Wrong side of the tracks is the wrong side of the tracks.

I have a strong stomach, but this makes me ill. It doesn't get much sadder than this.

Murderer.

People argue that a woman has a "right to her body" -- but if she ALLOWS something to enter her body, her right to remove all resulting tissue should end at about 10 weeks later.

Abortion is barbaricPeople argue that a woman has a "right to her body" -- but if she ALLOWS something to enter her body, her right to remove all resulting tissue should end at about 10 weeks later.

Abortion is barbaric

Obama repeatedly voted against requirements and restrictions intended to stop "born alive" abortions. Why should we be surprised at the actions of an abortionist when the leader of the nation approves of such immorality? Sh#t flows downhill.

of course he's gonna play the race card..#$%$, I can't believe how cruel some people can be.

Hey....forget about these 10 of 55 million globs of tissue...we prefer to talk about 24 dead kids in CT....now that's some dead kids worth talking about.....SignedAll us selectively indignant useful idiot liberals

YAHOO who wants to portray itself as "real news" LOLWill NEVER tell you what their beloved ONE Obama said about abortion"I think its important to understand that this issue ultimately is about abortion and not live births"

Seriously people, there is this thing called birth control. Use it.

Ther was a time when that was called "Partial birth abortion". It's MURDER !!!!!

The "doctor" is a disgrace to the profession and a cheap, uncaring killer of babies.  And, let us not forget that threse young women are also irresponible (by virtue of multiple unwanted prenancies and their own "cheap thrills") whi willingly desired and accepted these back room abortions.

10 counts of murder one. Nothing less.Oh my God.  Darkness like that isn't something you fall into.  It's in you.  It permeates from you. It surrounds you.

Even you folks on the left must find something very wrong here. I'm sure that there are more place like this.

Liberals.............Shakes head. Can't see how you view this as anything but murder.

And these are the same people who scream war on women! How about the war on humanity? Vile

How much did he donate to obama'campaign ?

The doctor needs a one-way trip a GUILLOTINE clinic...

I remember when my wife explained what abortion was to my daughters, then 8 and 10 years old, after their relentless questioning.  They cried the whole rest of the day and on into the evening.  Don't have sex with someone outside of marriage.

If abortion is ever made illegal, there will be hundreds and hundreds of whackadoodles lurkingin the woodwork and cracks that will crawl out to take this hacks' place... so be careful whatyou wish for

My sister got pregnant when she was young. My father and grandmother attempted to make her have an abortion, but she kept the baby. Amazing how much my father loved his grand baby. She has 2 boys and is married to a military man in the navy now.

I am for the most part anti-abortion but am also a female. If I were to somehow conceive when it was against my will I'd make sure to put the child up for adoption. Females should decide what to do with their bodies. If a woman DOES terminate I won't like the decision but will understand it's not body, so it's not my choice.I know I'm likely going to be bashed about this from BOTH sides on this issue...Just curious AP why did you post the picture of the white attorney under the headline instead of the picture of the black doctor who is the actual murderer? I'm guessing it's because you want us to think these heinous crimes were committed by a white man.

Any one who is pro choice after reading this is a sick person needing to end there own exsistance as to not pollute the gene pool.  This is a gruesome look into what happens...  Why is it so hard to understand that its a little tiny image of its parents in side. I have 3 with one on the way and i can only think that those that "Elect" to do this should think back to there own beginning and think what if there parents decided pro-choice was a better option. There are so many loving families out there that would be willing to pay for every thing including time for a mother to deliver.

If there is such a place, and I believe there is, a special place in hell is deservedly reserved...

Nazi Germany killed 6 million Jews and we rightly called them monsters. Stallin killed 20 million and he was a monster. America aborted 50 million and climbing babies and we're progressive? Is something wrong with this?

and this is what the democrats want. I'm changing my party this week

Tiller got what's coming to him too.  These are murderers and murderers must be stopped!

liberals love this story.

Women who have unprotected sex and then use abortion as birth control should be charged as well. They consent to the abortion.

Please somebody kill these people.

Most people who support this should really look at the pictures to get a dose of reality.  So why doesn't the baby get a choice in the matter as you do??  Next step is to abort the old people, the mentally handicapped, and whatever else an immoral country will come up with.Please somebody kill these people.

Most people who support this should really look at the pictures to get a dose of reality.  So why doesn't the baby get a choice in the matter as you do??  Next step is to abort the old people, the mentally handicapped, and whatever else an immoral country will come up with.

Want to see how depraved and selfish this society has become . . . read the appalled, compassionate, logic post and see how many "thumbs down" those post gets. Bunch of sick sheet wipes who make a good argument for "late, very late, term abortion".

Yup, there are these "people" out there, so you cannot let your children out of sight, these days....what else are they capable of doing?

I would like to know how they would feel if these things were done to them.  the bible is coming truer and truer all the time.......people had better open their eyes and look around them and give their soul to the lord before it is too late........

She was only following orders...sounds familiar.

Dirty Job #666,  snipping baby human spines and disposing of fetal remains.

Murder plain and simple murder. I am glad North Dakota is going to outlaw most abortions I hope they do it and then tell the SCOTUS to suck on the 10 ammendmant because Roe V Wade is not above the constitution.

evil. pure evil.

Liberals are against the death penalty, except in the case of abortions.Life sequestration?

obama could butcher a baby on national television and eat it and democrats would cheer .....yahoo would put a positive spin on it too

All abortions are "MURDER"!!!!!!!!  !!!!HE AMERICAN INFANTICIDE LIVES&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;BUT IT IS ABORTION THAT SHOULD BE ABORTED . and liberals thrown in jail!!!

All this was happening long before Obama became President. Through Republicans and Democrats when in office. Not particularly the spine snipping but other methods of killing a late term abortion born alive.  Do some research people.

Roe vs. Wade: The worst law ever passed in history, the consequences over 50 million children were brutally murdered.

And yet, there are pro-abortion groups and individuals who have, for years, fought to keep him and his staff from being charged for anything he did.  Now that's just as sick.

Democraps and they have the nerve to go see the Pope.

They will all burn for their role in this atrocity.

I'm betting the pro abortion folks are really up in arms with fanatical rantings at this story. They always are at the slightest hint of wrong on their part. I've never encountered such a fanatical group of people so intent on refusing to see even the slightest wrong in something so horribly vile and evil. Just like those boys who raped that girl in Ohio, they refuse to even consider the possibility that they have done or supported something evil and wrong.

If you believe abortion = a woman's health choice:1. you've been lied to2. you're in unbelievably stubborn denial of the truth3. you have not seriously considered what abortion truly isAbortion = termination of human life; murdering someone, not something; killing a baby that has a heart beat, finger prints, cognitive brain activity. A woman's (and man's) "choice" ended once coitus occurred. A woman's right ended when conception commenced. At that point, the baby, yes, human life, took over the right to live.When I saw that photo and read the headline, I though to myself, that BEAST....that foul POS of a human being.....that greedy, selfish, godless murderer.And then I read that the photo was of his lawyer.   So I guess I still did pretty well!

Dr. Kermit Gosnell is one sick individual. Someone should cut his spinal cord or neck.There can be no excuse or debate on this ... it's infanticide ... and premeditated 1st degree murder.

What happened to them (foetuses, babies, non-viable blobs, conceptsus, etc.) when they used wire coat (clothes) hangers in back alleys and "joints"?

That should make the pro abortion libbies happy.  Good job.

Plan and simple.....ABORTION = MURDER.   You have been dupped by the Left Wing thinkers that it is all OK.  If you can't control yourself, get sterlized or is that TOOOO selfish ?

This is a trash country as long as trash people are running it. Abortion was carried out in the provense of the Roman Empire. It did not accomplish what it was intended to accomplishWere in not for Margret Sanger, with the KKK, and the Dixiecrats we would not have this barbaric behaviour. But we do not get rid of Obiden along with Obama this and things worse will go on...bet on it.

"B C    Consider this: A sea turtle's eggs are protected by federal law."EXACTLY!!!

The human psyche is being manipulated from a much higher source... much more than the masses can begin to comprehend.

Wake up abortionist are not Doctor, oh they have the medical degree but they lack moral judgement and are the #$%$ of the earth.

Is he German? He looks German or maybe its just the scent of his crimes.Good comments here. I am mortified. Horrified. Sad. Speechless.

How many of you people on here who are outraged, voted for Obama and other liberals?

20 weeks was the earliest "in this story" everywhere else i dont know, that you can legally abort a human being. my question is what was concieved up to that point? a dog,tumor,What?

No matter how you try to liberalize, philosophize, or rationalize, absolute evil as righteousness, the truth will always remain; ABORTION IS MURDER.

Jesus, that is just horrible and so disgusting and immoral and wrong.

So in utero this is simply called a woman's choice but outside this is murder? Yep, liberal logic!

What's wrong with these women who are having so many abortions?  In this day and age, there are so many more forms of birth control verses several years ago.  People are just irresponsible.  I bet most of the women are alcoholics or drug addicts as well.

Our society lost all respect for life.

They can be sucked down a sink at 23 weeks, but if they are 24 weeks they can't be touched, sickening.

there is one that has come to kill,steal, and destroy.Pro-abortionists = Vile, repulsive #$%$

Does Pennsylvania have the Death Penalty? Someone should snip their spines.

I wish this were Rare &amp; Safe, but as you can see, abortion is neither. Over 3,200 babies are killed each day in the USA, over 97% solely for 'social reasons only. We need to stop killing our children.

They all should be charged with murder they are disgusting human beings!!!!!!!!

I wish I had not read this. I think I may vomit, and I definitely need to shower. we are a sick twisted species. This so called Dr. needs the death penalty.

Hes Obamas Gestapo henchman

What do people think abortions are?  Is snipping the baby's spine any worse than killing it?  That's what an abortion IS people!  It's the bloody murder and termination of a PREGNANCY!  Funny how some ignoramuses on here have fully accepted that a baby is not a baby by calling it a fetus.

What has happened to our country? God help us.

Some of you Libs out there really idolized this #$%$ Doctor Gosnell,didn't you ???

I see the political Left-Wingers do not care for many of the negative responses/comments many of you are making. They have always feared the free flow of ideas and ideals, of believing in something greater than themselves, and always preaching how humans are evil; bad for the environment - for mother Earth, yet commonly forgetting so too are they humans.I see the political Left-Wingers do not care for many of the negative responses/comments many of you are making. They have always feared the free flow of ideas and ideals, of believing in something greater than themselves, and always preaching how humans are evil; bad for the environment - for mother Earth, yet commonly forgetting so too are they humans.

Murder is murder period.

This is a new form of sick the older form of sick is called abortion--call it a choice and not a life it makes it all more palatable. Ronnie's sick society below should not be surprised when violence, mental illness, and mass murders increase-- life is cheap, we are reaping what we planted. Our Society will not like this post its easier to blame an inanimate object or make inane rules that will make absolutely no difference but this bandage approach makes Society feel better about itself.

I can't even fathom what I just read?  Not only does the "doctor" and I use that term very loosely, deserve everything he gets, but so do the people who did it with him!  How could some one sever a child's neck with scissors and not know it was wrong and not stop it from happening?  All of them deserve everything they get.  This is one of those moments I really hope there is a heaven and hell, because all of them deserve to go to hell!  No one with common human decency would ever think that was ok?  I am sick to my stomach and going to bed, but before I do I am kissing both of my amazing little boys because this is a sick thing and I am glad I have those two little amazing people in my life!

Then his spine should be snipped!!!!

Broads who get an abortion should be made so they can't get pregnant again.

Money is worthless if you have to do this to earn it.  How disgusting.  I will never sell my soul for a dollar nor trust anyone who has.

Is he a Nazi?

OMG! I can't believe what I just read! Beyond belief!

WOW Abortionists, murderers.  Who would have thunk it?  Of coarse they are!There is no statute of limitations on murder.  More charges need to be filed.  Satan is alive and well in Philadelphia.  Obama carried Pennsylvania and Pennsylvanians should be ashamed.

This is barbaric... It has to stop!

disgusting!  he deserves life in prison, without parole in solitary confinement.

This was actually quite common before Roe v. Wade.

Hang these people.

It doesn't surprise me that people do this. We ended up with Obama as Pres. didn't we. People who commit abortions should swing in the gallows. We're a sick society, thats why we have a bunch of sick people on the left in the white house.

the meat of the story is, He doesn't trust banks.

Boy doesn't that make you pro choice'rs feel really proud?

I think we should start treating democrats like they treat unborn babies.....

Oh now, murder is to be excused because, the evil Dr. is black!! Murder is murder!!Oh now, murder is to be excused because, the evil Dr. is black!! Murder is murder!!

His head in that picture looks like some kind of nazi  salami lunch meat.

People will reap what they sow

So I wonder how many of the posters with all the comments about how horrible this is are proabortion? What hypocrisy to cry about snipping a fetuses spinal cord because it in a toilet.10 percent of abortions are done after 14 weeks already. by this time the fetus has facial movements, may suck its thumb. So either be proabortion or prolife, but if you are proabortion dont whine and act indignent about what you read here.

Enjoy the heat you people who murder little babies.  You're sicki!

The ACLU has just declared him their Man of the Year and are sending 6 lawyers to defend his "choice."

This brutal killing of beautiful babies should make everyone sick.  There is no excuse for this kind of horrifying murder of the innocent.

Oh those poor babies. Bless their souls. I am ashamed of being part of a society that kills these innocent, defenseless babies.

This is what Planned Parenthood stands for.

Barbaric.  Humankind must WAKE UP to what we are doing!  We are ALL responsible!How could anyone do that a sorry piece of #$%$!No feeling,no compassion

Okay, pro-abortion people.  You can't have it both ways.  "In Pennsylvania, abortions cannot legally be performed after the 24th week of pregnancy."  My daughter was born just at 24 weeks...she just turned 40 and had her own healthy baby.  You can't tell me she was not a person when she was born at 1.6 oz.  And she could not have lived outside of the incubator but she definitely was a little person!  So, it would be okay to cut the neck of a baby as long as it is inside the womb but once it is out..illegal.  What has humanity come to?

Murders

why this man was not caught earlier?

"Prosecutors accuse him of killing late-term, viable babies after they were delivered alive, in violation of state abortion laws."Why, Obama would have given this doctor a metal!  In his days as politician in Illinois, he backed legislation that would have allowed doctors to end the life of babies born prematurely even if they were still viable.

Keep voting these murderers in OFFICE !! hope all you people are happy now !!

Heartless and no soul. If there is a Hell he will have reservation in it!

Well, keep on complaining about your tax dollars going to free contraceptives.Personally, I think its a whole lot cheaper and much more humane.

Lets ask the fetus a question, "Would you rather we impale you and dismember you now, then flush you down the toilet or pitch you into the incinerator, or would you rather we allow you to be born ALIVE, raised in a Foster Home or Orphanage and given a chance to live for 80 or 90 years?"Isnt it a shame that a fetus never gets a chance to speak for him/herself???

Sick, sick, sick, they should all be snipped in the spine.SICK PEOPLE may GOD HAVE MERCY ON YOUR SOUL !

Wow, wow, wow, as I have previously written I support a womans choice except in late term. My wife and I would NEVER abort a baby though.This is one shocking story.

I wish I had never clicked on this article.  This will bother me for a very long time.

holy #$%$.. as a paramedic of 10yrs there are certain situations i prayed i would never encounter and still had to.  the emotions everyone involved felt are unreal.  these #$%$ have no soul, they must be dead, a human couldn't do this

I am always amazed at the 'left', how they are so anti-death penalty for convicted murders, yet have no problem with this type of butchery. evil is thriving in America.

What, no pictures of the defendants? They're adults. Why no pictures? We got to see TJ Lane in the "Killer" shirt, but here we get to see this guy's balding, white attorney. Why no pictures, Yahoo?

Plan Parenthood DR of the year every one. Libs are so proud

This is why I don't believe in abortion. This is not medicine. It is torture. It is evil. And it doesn't matter if it happened before or after the infant was born.

Satan is running rampant in this mess.. Oh my gosh!! how can you snip a baby's spine? A little neck? Oh my gosh!! They should get the death sentence,all of them involved.. Now.Frigging murders

The mothers should have to watch what they do, and just how they do it, It should be imbedded deep in her mind for always.aka Pro Choice

Im fine with abortion rights but THIS is fu**ing sickening

Hey Mr. Burns, how about we snip your #$%$ spine?!

How can any human being do that?  What a tragedy we have become.  If that is not murder, there is no such thing.  Ho can even supporters of abortion accept such a thing?

Human beings:  the worst thing to happen to planet Earth!

HANG THE S.O.B.

Good God!  And this is taking place in America.  Yet we cry outrage at the way women are treated in middle east country's and yet something this sickening goes on right here!  Something has become very wrong with our society anymore.

typical libturd thinking....kill unborn babies at all cost

The sick and ruthless have take over America, its going to get worse, next they will hang them out to view, liberalism is a real sickness.

When does it start being murder, 20 weeks, 25 weeks, 30 weeks, 39 weeks?Perhaps a week after delivery?When does it start being murder, 20 weeks, 25 weeks, 30 weeks, 39 weeks?Perhaps a week after delivery?

Abortions are EVIL and SICK, only immoral #$%$ would encourage, promote, or practice such a barbaric murderous practice...Hopefully GOD almighty has more mecry and care for these evil twisted fools when they come before him!

Disgusting

Planned Parenthood is what type of organization again?

Her body Her Choice Right???? Blacks must like killing blacks that much....

these abortionist would make hilter proud....they did the democratic party ....who has always supported the murder of the unborn....50 million at least in good ole USA....

Half of all doctors graduate in the bottom half of their class.  Wonder where this guy ranked.When it comes to morals and ethics, he must have been missed that class.  Abortions and doctors kill more innocent children than guns, but no outrage or outcry from the politicians.  Must not be good for their campaign contributions.

Murder no more no less.

Show abortions on TV , just like any other medical procedure.  Let our young see what it's all about.  No problem.  It's not human.

And should not the pregnant women who went there to have their unborn children killed - also be charged with murder or conspiracy to murder?And should not the pregnant women who went there to have their unborn children killed - also be charged with murder or conspiracy to murder?

JUDGEMENT IS COMING...YOU have God's Word on it !

Murder is murder, no matter how old a baby is, no matter how inconvenient it is. It is alive and growing before an abortion, it is dead and not growing after the abortion. You can lie to yourself, to make yourself feel good, but in the end, judgment will be on all of us.

Murdering Democrats! lowest form of life on earth! The blood of these innocent children is on the hands of these liberal subhuman trash!

Such an enlightened society we live in. {/sarcasm}

Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of happiness, was the old order. Now it is: I am Pursuing happiness if I am at Liberty to choose to end the Life of another.

Brings me to tears.

Oh, you Liberals...always bragging about how you're protecting those in need, but fail to protect the ones who need it most and can't fight for themselves.

Abortion is murder!  A medical assistant told a jury Tuesday that she snipped the spines of at least 10 babies and she said Dr. Kermit Gosnell and another employee did the same to terminate pregnancies.  I hope they rot in HELL!  Where are the liberal now, ban abortion!

If you look at doctors who perform abortions you see most female doctors quit with in the first two years of doing it cause it causes them way too much distress.  If it does this to them how can anyone think it is right.To a liberal, trees are sacred but unborn children are "medical waste".

I am waiting for Planned Parenthood to get on its SoapBox, and call for Obama's defense.

tough as it is - leave medicine to doctors - this is a crime - it has nothing to do with the issue of choice.  I can show women who have been abused because they refuse to become pregnant.  Every situation is different - so let's stop the Crocodile tears - we have LIVE Americans - young and old - starving, homeless, through no fault of their own.  Let's worry about them.You are so worried about little one's I can find you plenty of hungry, little one's all over this country, and their parent's to match.  Try doing something for them.You want an ideal society - start spending the damn money and knock off the Red State mentality.GROW UP!

How can anyone in Todays Technological World be for Late Term Abortions?

These butcher #$%$ should have their spines snippped and scissors stuck into their necks.!

Think i'm going to puke !

any liberal who is shocked at this is a hypocrite... if you murder a baby, whether alive in the womb or otherwise...it's still horrible, you're still going to hell and it's murder not a 'choice"

As a society we need to repent of our sins. God will hold us accountable as a society.And we look at history and wonder why great nations are no longer here.Just the opinion of a Christian American Patriot.

God will take care of these #$%$ and their defense council!

It seems everything else are protected but babies!It seems everything else are protected but babies!

Could this blatant disregard for human life have a direct effect on the violence we are seeing by our young people?

Abortion clinics are just human slaughterhouses!yes this story is bad but any abortion is just as sick! And  even for rape...why should a child have to pay for his fathers crime? Abortion is just another word for murder!

Infanticide, that's what it is in an unadulterated term.

And this is exactly why laws preventing people from documenting crimes need to be abolished, as exampled by the recent lobbyist efforts to have the atrocities at food production facilities censored. Don't think for one second they would not try this at an abortion clinic.

"I'm Hussein Obama and I support abortions" Not only has he killed our economy, he supports killing babies. Truth hurts.

Satanist!

After reading this ,How on earth can anyone remain Pro Abortion? Or should I say Pro Murder, after all that IS what  abortion  really  IS.

This is not a doctor it's a monster.

THIS IS SICKENING!!I litterally had tears in my eyes when I read that the one worker had to cut a babies neck with a pair of siccors that was delivered in a toilet.What is wrong with people who think abortion is ok? Honestly,a baby is a baby,doesn't matter if it was just concieved or if it is 20 weeks past conception,a baby is a baby.They will have to answer for these abortions they performed one day and I wonder how they are going to try to explain it? God,women have rights,it's our bodies....I'd hate to have to be the one who has to stand before God and be judged for this.

We have lost our civility.

these people are disgusting....

Just Think Barry When you want to Ban So Called Assault Weapons Even If it will Only Save ONE LIFE. How about those almost 6 MILLION ABORTED  BABIES that Could Have Been SAVED JUST Since YOU first Took Office. I Know Its Better to Kill Millions of Unborn if you Could Save Just ONE Child Already Born. Yep That Makes Perfect Sense To a Effing Liberal LIKE OBAMA

Everything this article discribes is why the libs want abortion so no woman will have to go to a back ally and use a coathanger, sounds to me thats whats happening. dont think this is the only one this is just ONE thats all.

The indefensible double-standards of the modern left need to be exposed.  Assigning an arbitrary number to a determination of life and death is sick and speaks to a government of no morality.How could any civilized society call the murder of a human one week legal and call it murder the next?

late term abortions have been illegal on the state level for many years in many states, and on a federal level for a good number of years...so why did you even do one?...don't cry about doing ten...you broke the law, you, him, them...you all are accountable and should be tried for your crime.

This is so disgusting.  How could you do such a thing?

Organ-harvesting will be here soon.

Something being "unorthodox" at an abortion clinic??  My God, now I have heard everything!This so called "doctor" should have his spine cut in two.  May he burn in hell.

These abortionist sound like a Adolph Hitler.

this is not abortion. this is murder and infanticide. The baby was already born!!!!

"And the King will answer and say to them. 'Assuredly, I say to you, inasmuch as you did it to one of the least of these my brethren, you did it to me.'   Mathew 25:40

Did I seriously read this sentence right? She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't know it was. Seriously how could anyone not know it was wrong to take a live baby whether it was born in a toilet or not and snip it neck? Wow the idiots we have in this world today. What  bunch of baby killers, hope they all get what they deserve.

This Dr. and the any medical assistants who actually murdered these children should have their heads removed by blade and stuck on on a pikes in Time Square.Sociopaths only understand the stick, and we best start showing it to them, if you don't want them to sever your infant child's spine.

Why abort a fetus/child? Give them up for adoption at birth PLEASE!!!!!! You will not regret it later.

You think this is the only place this happens?

When I read about snipping spines my soul sickened.

Obama would kill his own grandchildren......July 24 President Barack Obama used his daughters as props to promote abortion, stating at an Oregon fundraiser."Ive got two daughters, 9 years old and 6 years old.  I am going to teach them first of all about values and morals. But if they make a mistake, I dont want them punished with a baby.  I dont want them punished with an STD at the age of 16.""Mr. Romney wants to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood. I think thats a bad idea. Ive got two daughters. I want them to control their own health care choices. Were not going backwards, were going forwards."President Barack Obama drew a sharp line between himself and GOP opponent Mitt Romney on federally funded abortion rights Tuesday, arguing that federal funding of Planned Parenthood is necessary to preserve his daughters right to chose.the Obama girls will never set foot in a Planned Parenthood. Theyll always have first class ob/gyns and/or abortionists, not bottom feeders.Someone needs to cut his spine...

The only difference between a baby right after conception and adults like you and me is the number of cells.

Are there any words for people that do this for the money, my heart aches for all the babies. I hope they die a long painful death. May God forgive me for feeling this away.

No matter the age of the child....it is still a human...three weeks, three months, nine months...Still a human. Life begins at conception!

The liberals that want guns banned to save the children would be the first in line to give these parents High-Fives for exercising their right to choose.

Abhorrent.....everyone who thinks abortion at the point of where these pregnancies are at is legal should be required to view the procedure.

All you hispanics who voted for Obama againist your faith should be proud . Dont worry Obama will keep your rights to kill these children going.

Just plain murder.........most if these abortions are just from weak women having to much shame. Most of them have nothi g to do with health reasons of the mother. But that isn't what evil liberals will tell u. They favor getting rid of the death penalty but it is open season on the innocent.

She once had to kill a baby delivered in a toilet, cutting its neck with scissors, she said. Asked if she knew that was wrong, she said, "At first I didn't."Really?

Is an aborted fetus that comes out alive a baby?This make me sick

Makes me feel sick...

Women who get abortions should be so ashamed of themselves.  There are so many loving couples who would love to adopt.  No, no, they don't want the inconvenience of having to carry the baby full term and give it up for adoption.  They just want to spread their legs and have some fun.

His slimeball lawyer should be lynched right next to this vile, subhuman murderer. If this jury allows this thug to walk, he will definitely should be gunned down and his corpse should be thrown into the Delaware River!

This is abortion it is ugly, hideous and cruel they should have just changed the sign on the door to slaughterhouse, same difference, they all should get the maximum penalties I pray to God they are enough what frightens me is the maximum is probably a slap on the wrists, babies don't vote and don't contribute to political campaigns, God help us all.

Pro choice is pro murder.

Makes me so sick of everyone saying it's woman's body!!  It's a life and guess what the fetuses feel pain.  If you don't want that chance of getting pregnant , keep your legs shut!

Monsters!!!! They are nothing more than despicable monsters for doing what they did to those babies!!!

These abortion people will do anything...even kill babies outside the womb. History will call our times another Dark Age.

This is happening in US ?In normal, civilized society is called "MURDER".Liberals, tell me again how you're the party for the weak and those who can't fight for themselves.

This makes me physically sick.

Anyone who supports abortion should look into what happens during the procedure. It is just like the experiments that Dr. Mengele did at Auschwitz.

Americans prefer the less horrific suction abortion where the baby is torn apart in the womb or the ever popular saline abortion where the baby is burned to death by salt water.  This barbaric spine snip is just repulsive.

what do u liberials do with all those dead little babies???

Whether its a fetus in the womb or its already born its still murder!!!

I am disgusted! This is disgusting! I don't even know what to think right now, this better be true reporting. Not only is it murder, it is child abuse. I would like you all to know that I am neither pro or anti-abortion, but this is down right DISGUSTING.

Anybody with half a brain would know what she did was wrong, yet she did it for 3 years.And as for that Dr., well, I'm sure there is a special place in He// waiting for him.

Totally disgusting.  And this is the choice you dopey liberals fight for?

I could only have one child because of cancer and cried when I read this.  This is so unfair to those poor babies who could have lived but were murdered!What a POS!

He could have struck it rich in the suburbs? Everything he did was morally and ethically reprehensible, not to mention illegal!!  He should, at the very least, lose his license to practice. Then lock him away from society and throw away the key.

anyone that doesn't think this is murder is absolutely insane.

The liberals say Hey it't OK, they don't feel any pain.

Have we come to THIS???? MURDER, in the name of CHOICE?? MATING, with NO THOUGHT TO THE CONSEQUENCES; CREATION of a HUMAN LIFE!!  If a child would be an INCONVENIENCE, why not simply PRACTICE BIRTH CONTROL?... MURDER IS NOT BIRTH CONTROL. Many OPTIONS ARE AVAILABLE IN THE 21st CENTURY!! Surgical,pharmaceutical, and of course (the most feared and difficult, ABSTINENCE.)

Liberals think that this is OK, but capitol punishment for convicted murders is wrong

How can Liberals sleep at night, This is 1st degree murder nothing less...

This reads like something out of "Silence of the Lambs". How could anyone be so self-righteous, especially a doctor?

The word Repulsive sums it up.

Margaret Sanger and Josef Mengele are happy about thisRot in h3!! Li'tardsMargaret Sanger and Josef Mengele are happy about thisRot in h3!! Li'tards

Evil, just plain evil....  I'm shocked, and this makes me very angry..I'm seriously going to have to have a few drinks after reading this.I don't mind saying that I would have no problem lynching that monster.

you show my name as a gun owner, lets publish the names of all the abortion doctors.

Yahoo, call up obama on AF1 and ask him if you can post a photo of the 3 black people who the story is about?

B.O hussein is the leader of the cult of death.

Sure he looks like Dr,. Kermit Ghost Hell..!!

"...best for her future". Isn't that the purpose of abortion? To enhance the "convenience" of the mother's future?

Slowly kill the SOB !!!

I'll bet Obama, his Justice Department and Democrats, in general, support this guy.  After all, didn't Obama vote for late term abortions when he was a state senator?They are the truly sick part of our society.

These are not DOCTORS but Butchers....I guarantee you if COPS and other #$%$ were not around or militias group to war with them everyday in the EAST and West Coast this stuff could not happen or would not happen.?I'm 47 nearly 48 yrs old and I still cry sometimes because of an abortion a past girlfriend had when I was19,  I have a son thats a college sophomore I can't imagine what life would be like without him. I'm a guy and 27 yrs later I still hurt.

50 million babies have been murdered in the United States and all we hear about is gun control. This is not about choice it is a crime. Just because people in black robes say it is okay does not make it right with God. May God have mercy on all who support this evil.

this was not an abortion doctor. this was a butcher shop. reading this makes me feel sick.

How could they even do this? I just don't understand people. I couldn't do one much less 10 or more. Our society is just flat going down the toilet on so many levels.

ONLY IN AMERICA.... do we worry about the fate of animals, but kill babies like they were a pest ......ONLY IN AMERICA  ....do we worry about worry about the rights of criminals, illegals, women, gun owners, gays etc.etc.but slaughter babies  by the thousands each week !  we are so civilized !

Every person who has aborted a baby born alive, or done a Partial Birth Abortion deserves to be executed by the same method!

Every single living Democrat Liberal supports this SLAUGHTER 100%Including the WORST of them all, Barack "do not meddle in the slaughter" ObamaAnd the FRAUD MEDIA like ABC/YAHOO is responsible 100%

Vile, murderous liberal vermin.

Pro-choice advocates:These deaths::NRA:NewtownThat sounds about right

Instead of abortions, in the first place prevent the pregnancy with birth control pills and condoms. I wanted to throw up after reading what they did to abort babies.Instead of abortions, in the first place prevent the pregnancy with birth control pills and condoms. I wanted to throw up after reading what they did to abort babies.

That my friends is the Liberal agenda at its finest!! Or part of it anyway.

Anyone who says god or allah or whoever has any say/determination in this should forfeit their right to vote. The law is the law, and religion should never have ANY say in it. It's time for the religious to get with the program. You all are a dying breed and I will be happy when the last of you are dead.

rot in hell dr or prison both is good for your kind

don't never say anything about Hitler doctor Mengele, These S.O.B. here are just has bad. Give me 5min with him I would crush his spine right in the court room. I would send a clear message. When Grow people do ungodly thing to a child, Have sever anti-social behavior  needs to be put away for life.

what a sick puppy ,,,he should join a police dept.. and make more money

SICK F**KS!

These murderers should run for office as Democrats.The left will love them.

Liberal minds who support abortion are the real sickos.

Liberals would be going berserk if this were being done to dogs instead of innocent babies whose crime was being an inconvenience.Liberals would be going berserk if this were being done to dogs instead of innocent babies whose crime was being an inconvenience.

I'm all about a womans right to choose but this s*** crosses the mfing line.

Brought to you by Liberals / progressives... been killing babies since Roe V Wade....

How do all you Democrats feel about a president who supports this?

Dr Mengele I presume.

If she had walked in with a gun, and shot all those babies, then you`d hear outrage.

Are these pregnant women too selfish or too stupid to put the baby up for adoption?  Why do they feel the need to kill late term babies?  I don't understand the thought process?

Libs want this in every city in America and if you try and stop it you are chauvinist and a RACIST!!

Ban abortion, and watch teenage prenancy plummet drastically. Know why? They'll have to go thru the pregnancy---no more "easy out." See how responsibility works; consequences for actions.

These people killed way more kids than Adam Lanza.  Where is the liberal outrage to ban abortion?These people killed way more kids than Adam Lanza.  Where is the liberal outrage to ban abortion?

This is grossly crossing the line.  Life may not (or may) begin at conception...but itcertainly has begun when we have to snap the spines of babies.

Next time you meet a democrat congratulate them for being a part of murdering babies..In fact since Roe versus Wade stats. show there have been 55 million babies killed by abortion....When you stand before the final judgement try telling God that it was just a fetusand he will say depart from me l never knew you.

These little minorities would have grown up to be full fledged Government Dependents. Keep the line moving

The entire grand jury indictment is on line. Take a minute to read it...just make sure you didn't just eat.

This truly breaks my heart and turns my stomach.

In this clinic for murderous baby killers, and butchers they found babies body parts in glass jars filled with fluid...we can start there with this baby killer doctor...smash his head, cut his spine, and slice this guy into pieces and place his body part in glass fluid filled glass jars...A eye for A eye.

Looks like he is related to Dr. Mengele...one awful,negative soul

How can killing babies be justified?

Ronald Reagan:  "I've noticed that all the pro-abortion people were born."Liberals are soul less.I cannot imagine how these baby murderers sleep at night...they are Pure Evil. It makes me ill just the very thought of it...I hope they burn in Hell, for killing these innocent babies.

I hope she cleaned her fork.

They should send them all to Obama and the disgusting liberals.

This article will make most Democrat very happy.

And we get bent out of shape if anyone performs any sort of mistreatment or cruelty to animals (I'm an animal lover,too).  How can we be so cruel to unborn babies?  Says a lot about how low we have stooped as a society.  54-55 million babies killed in the past 40 years.

Liberals rejoice and defend this s*** like the true sick, demented, self-centered monsters that they are.

Liberal logic = hunting is murder, abortion is okay. Bwahahahahaha!

Murderer!

Pro-abortionists say it is the woman's choice UNTIL abortion is gender based then they have no problems opposing abortion.  What happens to freedom of choice in those cases?

Thanks Liberals. Aren't you glad these babies didn't inconvenience you with their births.Murderer!

Pro-abortionists say it is the woman's choice UNTIL abortion is gender based then they have no problems opposing abortion.  What happens to freedom of choice in those cases?

Thanks Liberals. Aren't you glad these babies didn't inconvenience you with their births.

Don't worry folks, Obama promised to protect our weakest, the children.

This is how e control population? This is barbaric. Every person involved in Abortion is nothing short of a murderer. How can anyone with a Medical Degree and who has taken the Hypocradic Oath, do this? Enough is enough. SHUT DOWN ABORTION CLINICS.

Maybe instead of killing babies they could start sewing peoples genitals shut

Just another reason to keep abortion safe and legal...

What difference does it make? The whole purpose of an abortion clinic is to murder babies isn't it? So actually to a pro-choice supporter the killings at Newtown would be nothing more than late term abortions.

Abortion will end up being a much bigger stain on this country's conscience than slavery.

Liberals dirtiest secret, they love to murder young babies.Obama was instrumental in passing the law that babies of botched abortions should just be left by itself, naked--no blanket to keep the child warm, and no human comfort. Just let the baby cry and cry until it dies of hunger and exposure.

Historians will look back on our time on this earth as barbaric.

Are our tax dollars are going to fund these clinics for women?  I would really like some answers on that right away.  Was this was a Planned Parenthood Clinic?   When the government wants to control religion and allow these horrors; I must ask myself what kind of society do we live in today?

What part of "thou shalt not Kill" is misunderstood?

And this is what you democrats defend.............this is why we call you libs insane

In another twenty years or so, the population of liberals is going to be so diminished because they killed off all their young, that they will once again be the minority, but by a longer shot than before. Be patient, conservatives. Our time will come again.

(1)  TMI, dude.(2)  Overpopulation is the number one problem on the planet.

Why the outrage?  What do you think happens during a legal abortion?  Study up, it'sequally as gruesome.

We're busy putting porn. guys in jail, and letting baby killers market their deadly skills!

If a womans body is alive then everything in it is alive.  The fetus doesn't start out dead.  Taking another persons life is wrong and we all know it.This is what happens when people are forced into what is practically a back-alley abortion.

"And if we accept that a mother can kill even her own child, how can we tell other people not to kill one another?" Blessed Mother Teresa

How can someone be called an abortion doctor?. Doctors take the Hippocratic Oath to preserve life not to destroy it. In actuality, they are executioners."Whenever a doctor cannot do good, he must be kept from doing harm." Hippocrates

Progressive liberals must be so proud.

I read in the Philly paper that the lawyer and the doctor played the eace card. Good grief!

plain murder. no ifs, ands or buts

I guess if you cant pass a budget,you cant stop this legalized murder,babys with spines,are you saying these are not human beings!Can you feel their pain.The women of this country deserve nothing for letting this happen to their young.You shove your its my body thing right up you kazoo.

What's wrong with these women who have abortions? Don't they know that they can just "sell" their infants to desperate childless couples who are too vain to adopt "broken" babies and kids from orphanages?

YAHOO loves ObamaObama hates babiesYAHOO hates babies

Ronny, you're right, this has become a sick society. Just what the libs wanted. They want to "save the children" but abortion is OK.Who knows if this is common at all abortion clinics or not.

Straight from the minds of "the benevolent liberal leftist"......with no remorse nor sense of wrong doing!  The morally corrupt and spiritually dead!

Sick, Sick, Sick..... Its legal but its not moral or right. You liberals have no heart if you approve of this. You are dead inside.

YAHOO will publish a manipulating photo, just like they do of Obama in a halo, etcShow the baby next to Manson, prove it's evil and deserves to be slaughtered

Careful I am sure the democrats will want to elect this guy in 2016.

I'm sure NOW is gonna say 'But it was the woman's choice'! As they wring their hands.

What's described here is NOT abortion. It's plain murder and this is coming from someone who is fiercely pro-choice.

What is the difference in killing a child that is three weeks, thirteen weeks or thirty weeks?  They are all living baby's and it is all murder.  There must be a special place in hell for those that kill babys.

There must be a special place in hell for the ghouls who have legalized or participate in terminating life in the womb under the pretext of woman's right to choose.  Who will stand for the weakest among us?

I'm sure that as long as the umbilical cord is still attached people will argue it's the woman's body and should still be her choice.Outright murders. Barbaric. How in the hell could anybody do this ?

Michael Moore wants to show photos of the kids at sandyhook to promote gun control.......show these mangled babies too you hypocrite

A fetus (baby) has a heartbeat with an ultrasound at 3-4 weeks.....abortion is murder, it's only a matter of wanting the baby or not. There are women who are clinically depressed for years after having abortions....(and men) People don't talk about that.

Next stop HELL!!!

Shades of Auschwitz, operating in American cities everyday under the name of "freedom of choice".

An Obama candidate for Surgeon General.

This is a sick story, but what is even sicker, is we voted in a president that supports this kinda stuff. Pro-choice, race card, no religion, and exploiting minorities. All of this is on the Democrat party ticket, and they back it with funding, ads, and fiery speeches.

This is what liberals want.  Why don't I see cheers and thanks from liberals in these comments?

The animal society shows the sad abused dogs and cats and they ask for funds to support their lives.  Are human beings not more important and valuable than our cats and dogs?.

I am tired of hearing about a "woman's right to choose".  This has nothing to do with whether or not abortion should be legal.  The only question to answer is: "Is the unborn fetus a human being?"  If the child is, then the "woman's right to choose" argument goes out the window.There's actually people still posting here supporting this madnessUnbelievable

Hey, what is the big deal choke them to death clip there spine or suck them out with a vacuum cleaner what is the difference.

they should suffer the same fate, and i wouldnt blink an eye doing it to these murders!!!

unborn babies cant defend themselves and democrats love that, they dont have the guts to stand up against someone who can....

Liberals think this is OK, but the death penalty is bad.

An abortion clinic that went too kevorkian. However, the fact remains that abortions should remain legal.

Build a gallows.

So where is Senator Diane Feinstein?Shouldn't she be calling for a ban on abortion, just like her ban on guns after Sandy Hook?Aren't these kids worthy of her tyranny against our civil rights?Maybe Diane needs another lecture from Ted Cruz.

You republicans kill me with your holier than thou rehtoric. I adhore what this man and his workers have done, but that being said, you jagoffs have no intention of helping these kids. THey are the babies you decry as welfare #$%$ and lazy do nothings. THey are the murderers, rapists and thieves you want put to death. You're not going to adopt these mostly inner city black babies. You're going to descriminate, label and loathe them. You do it now! You demand no increase in minimum wage, You want an end to welfare and social programs to help them if they lived. You all disgust me with your vile two faced attitudes. You can rant of your sickening of this man's actions, but yours are much worse because you pretend to care about these kids when you ALL know damn well you hate them. By the way, there is NO GOD you duped drones so give it a rest. If there was, he is a god who tolerates this. He did nothing to stop it. Nothing.

Obama probably plans to nominate Dr. Gosnell to head the Family Planning Division under Obamacare as reward of his actions.Christians said it will not stop with abortion. They said it will be done to older and older babies. They said it will then lead to "quality of life issues" for the elderly and handicapped or the ill........look how it has turned out. In the Netherlands they are a pure example of where killing for convenience leads. Look at China, they kill babies to control population and to choose gender. It became exactly what the crazy christians said it would become.

Liberals hate babies why?Because Liberals are babies.So Liberals kill real babies cause Liberals are sickos.

Kinda makes you wonder if we're fit to live as a species.

And the left was mad about the Iraq war, When they have killed 55 million fetus's on the operating table.    The odasity of hope is hell if we do not change the way our society looks apon the murder of inocent blood.    Hell is real and those who choose to support this will find they were wrong in so many ways to late.   Start by saving a life today by reaching for the Lord.    All you have to do is ask him to take your sins away and to wash your heart clean.    Folks all you have to do is ask!

Kermit Gosnell is in dire need of an exceptionally late term abortion at his own clinic via having his own spine snipped. George Tiller received a well deserved and exceptionally late term abortion by Scott Roeder via lead projectile. Roeder's method was far more humane than that of either Tiller or Gosnell.

A hero to NOW, Hillary, Obama and the left.

"Doctor" Gosnell is a disgrace to legitimate pro-choice providers everywhere.

This has to be one of the most awful things I've heard. The doctor, the assistants, and the mothers should all be imprisoned. Sick, sick, sick.

I always thought they pinched the head off so it could not grow

I believe in pro-choice but I also believe in personal accountability no matter who you are.  The woman who "assisted" this sorry excuse for a doctor had to KNOW she was murdering babies. Cosnell is no doctor, just a glorified psychopath and drug dealer.  He should be charged with premeditated murder for every abortion he performed after the legal time limitIt is hardly news that pro-abortionists are vile reprobates.

Such a thrilling story. Got to love reading about the race card and pro-choice examples democrats support. If you can read this and still think a late term abortion isn't wrong, then your as sick as this doctor is.

Abortion advocates: take note.  I am now quite ill from just the headline.  The story is far more disgusting than even imagination can envision.

So it seems the doctor is just a typical liberal. What a shocker.

...snipping the spines of 10 babies?  That's it. I dont care what's trendy anymore.. i'm offically a republican

Why do liberals love aborting babies, but defend child killers from the death penalty??

horrible

Wait till obama scam care kicks in........

There have been 52,000,000 babies aborted in the U.S..  That is enough children to fill 114,035 elementary schools the size of Sandyhook elementary in Connecticut.  The same school where one individual killed 20 innocent children and caused the nation to come unglued.We are a nation of sick self centered hypocrites.

Disgraciada !Disgraciada !

Obama voter

Who the hell are these people cutting up babies and nothing happens to them!

he should be waterboarded and then give him a shovel to dig his own grave. then they should line him up in the front of a firing squad. human piece of garbage. killing babies for profit. complete #$%$ bag

This is where an eye for an eye would be appropriate!

These are the same libs who wants a gun ban and use the death of the children at the school to say we need and assault weapon ban

why the noise?  these were just tissue. spewed from a vagina.  is that not what planned parenthood claims?

The Democrats own abortion.

Intrinsically evil, there's no other way to look at it.

Snip off all of these peoples protruding parts...this is like the sci-fi channel..for Christ sake!Snip off all of these peoples protruding parts...this is like the sci-fi channel..for Christ sake!

How does that "if you could save just one child's life it would be worth it" thing work again?You people that contend that killing thousands of late term babies via abortion-on-demand need to revisit that "LIFE, liberty and pursuit of happiness" thing.

Barack's in agreement..... kill em at 9 months if needed.

God, it is #$%$ like this that give the right to lifers some clout. I am all for a woman's right to chose but this is really barbaric.  I hope these people are punished to the fullest extent of the law.  I would also say that I think abortions should be performed only if the fetus still does not have a central nervous system developed, I am not sure when this takes place but it seems like a fair way to go about it.  I would not want to be responsible for causing pain to another living human being.

this has to be the most sick thing i have ever read

No wonder the Savior will be angry when he return and I fear this is just the beginning. prayers for the dead and the families  this Butcher destroyed.

Delivered or undelivered, giving ANY CREATURE a DEATH SENTENCE for the "CRIME" OF BEING INCONVENIENT seems harsh, wasteful and sad.

And look at all the Pro aborts on the Yahoo blog.This type of thing goes on all the time,and these Pro aborts just stick there heads in the sand.The truth comes out.The Pro abort savages dont care.Back into the sand with my head.

What happen with the USA, a world power before, based on the bible.To day a bankrupt country without any moral, like the Roman empire it will be wiped out

it seems these days some doctor's are engaging in some sick form off population control...the way they treat baby's and the Elderly in this country is Terrible.