*****To all the LOSERS who are giving "thumbs down" on all of these comments of love, respect and honor for our fallen Marines.......................maybe you should live in North Korea and enjoy the hell of their prison camps.....it might make you appreciate what you have here in America and for those who have fought to give you freedom.Rest In Peace Marines....we love you and honor you.

RIP, Semper Fi.

Rest in Peace, soldiers. You are all still heroes.

This is more outside Reno than Vegas. I am reminded of that scene in Saving Private Ryan when they send out the preacher to give word to the farm wife, she collapses on her front porch. Cause you know that 8 mothers are going to collapse on their porch, sway as the man in the black car comes up the drive. For that we all bow our heads in sadness over this terrible event.We need combat readiness and all of us understand that things do go wrong in battle and in practice for it.

SEMPER FI BROTHERS ----- RIP

This is so terribly tragic.  My heart and my prayers go out to their families and to their buddies.So heart-wrenching.

#$%$ happens. Most people have no idea of how much danger even when training that a Marine  faces as an aircrew member or within a combat unit. The majority of these guys were MOS 0341 mortarmen. The mortar was a 60mm which is standard for a line Company's weapons platoon. Great piece of gear and is virtually unchanged from those used in WW II. What I can't figure is why that many Marines were in or near that mortar pit during a live fire exercise. Either way it's a terrible loss for us as a nation.

That is terrible. My thoughts to their families.

Thoughts and prayers to those Marines and their families.

RIP brave soldiers •_____•May these men go stand duty at the Gates of Heaven. RIP brothers.

Very sad....I express my sincere condolences....May they rest in peace....

Any vet can tell you military bases are dangerous places-regardless if they look like college campuses or not. What a tragedy. semper fi.

Harry Reids parents should of done us all a favor and flushed him. Between him and Pelosi they got to be the biggest jokes this country has ever seen.

Just heard on our local news (Reno, NV) that an 8th has died may they rest in peace. My condolences to the family and friends of those killed and injured.

God Bless these Marines, my prayers and thoughts go out to their families.

May they all rest in peace...thank you for serving our country!!

Treat them as heros who died while working to keep America safe and free.  They deserve every honor.

Senator Harry Reid has no guts, he has given up on bring up a bill that gets rid of Assualt rifles and large clips.Just like he gave up on the public option for Obama Care.

Do you know why someone as powerful as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid wasn't mentioned in this article for dancing on the graves of these Marines? Because he's a Democrat.Harry Reid, Democrat. #$%$ bucket.

SEMPER FIAlways sad to lose another brother,The more we bleed in peace, the less we die in combat.

So sad...most were probably very young

Shouldn't it be noted in this article that the Senate Majority Leader, Democrat Harry Reid shamefully tried to capitalized on the deaths of these men by blaming sequester? If #$%$ like him are not held accountable, #$%$ like him will spread.

Barely being reported.  Our media is so disgusting.

Harry Reid should be impeached for even making a statement that connects this accident to the sequester.  As a Nevadan, Harry Reid makes me sick.  He is ignorant, demented and just plain POS.

May God bless their Souls and their families. I am proud of any one that is serving or served  like  I did, because individual military member or DOD scarified his/her life on duty to protect this beautiful nation. God Bless America.

Harry Reid blamed this tragedy on the sequester.....????? What a fool!

My son just went through that training and now is in Hawaii. GOD bless all of you.

Thank you to all the families of military......we love our troops and appreciate all that you do.So very sorry for any loss of life...  You are all, always in our prayers and thoughts.So sad as thoughts and prayers are with the Marines and families!

Its now 8 and Harry Reid should be kicked out of office for trying to make this political and blame it on trep.'s.

Rest easy Marines, Semper Fi and God Bless You. Our prayers go out to the families.from a Marine Mom in CA

Explosives.  Exploding is what they do.

Its called a hang fire..The round goes down the tube,,BUT Fails to fire..then you are on a stop watch to get out of the way!  Nothing wrong with the 60MM mortar its the round that's the problem..RIP Marines Semper Fi

Having a real hard time believing this news story.Since when do we have live fire excercises in the middle of an ammo depot?Something not right here.Did the ammo in the mortar tube explode or just the warhead?I also wonder how many defective mortar rounds that we may have in the field or still unissued.......

Sad day for America.  God Bless these young soldiers and their family.

my son is one of those soldiers. Yes I thank God he did not die he was wounded badly. Those men are serving our country so we can be free and God bless every single one of them because without those men and women who choose to serve we would be nothing.. God bless those who families who lost their son my heart is very heavy for them and my prayers are with you

My deepest sympathy and condolences to the families .May they rest on PEACE.

So sad and so sorry for all the families.   They were all just out there doing their job.  What happened?  RIP and God be with our military.RIP to the fallen and condolences to their family and friends.

Rest in peace brothers. SEMPER FI!

They died while training, not even in combat! My thoughts are with their families.

Military service is dangerous---you can be killed or maimed, captured, imprisoned, tortured---by your own country too! (I served 24 years)

Harry Reid has a lot of Generals coming after him. This time the commie went too far.

Training has become a challenge, with that #$%$ infestation.

Praying for these families... THANK U TO ALL OUR MILITARY TROOPS AND FAMILIES! GBU...

RIP BROTHERS................................................................................................

God bless these souls. A moment of prayer and positive thoughts for the families of these brave men that are the defenders of our country.

Obama will want to send Hillary done to investigate. She is Obamas yes girl and will take the blame for anything.Hope they figure out what went wrong. Man, what bad luck for those soldiers! I feel for their love ones.

Harry Reid blamed it on the sequester...citing a lack of training due to the loss of funds. Idiot.

how truly sad

RIP to those men. May their families find peace in these times.

Was it worth it?

unfortunately accidents like these happen more often than they're reported whether in war or peace time while i was serving my tour of duty as an ambulance driver and emt in viet-nam at least 70% of all casualties i had to respond to were accident related,due to human error ,carelessness,mechanical failure or hostile ( friendly fire ) .some of these unfornate accidents were simply written off as K. I. A s sad to say ,but war is hell and it is the nature of the beast !! my sincerest condolences to all families and friends of our fallen brothers.R.I.P.

I am an old submariner. My roots go back to WW2. When we join the Military we give up some freedom to be in a position of service. With death as our companion. In my tour of duty civilian ignorance killed several Nuclear Submarines. Look hard at the company that made the round. Odds are they screwed you.

RIP, best wishes to the families.

RIP Devil Dogs.

Please ignore those taking the opportunity to mock our fallen patriots. They'll get theirs in due time.The general public does not need to be informed about such events involving US military personnel. Our servicemembers perform under necessary conditions and casualties can result. Negative exposure, as evidenced on this post thread, only serve to fuel anti-establishment sentiment which is counter-productive during wartime. We are currently in a wartime environment.

may they rest in peace.

We need to bring back the draft so more than 1/2 of the population is fighting our wars.The other 99.5 percent of the population need some skin in the game.They need to pay for the wars and not get tax breaks while our soldiers are fighting for their freedom and being killed.

There are always risks like these during live fire exorcises. Hell you can still get horribly injured or die even in normal training if you're careless or unlucky.But the benefit far outweighs the cost because this is as close as they can get to war without actually being in real combat. Better to get used to the stress of being shot at and bombed at home then crack while it's happening for real in another country.

The corps lives on, so they live on. My condolences to their family.

SEMPER FI brothers. See you in formation.

Sorry to hear of this accident, but as Soldiers and Marines we train as we fight and sometimes #$%$ like this happens.  RIP!

what were they thinking  those in charge allowed our men to have to use out-dated munitions to carry out routine duties and we paid, its a munitions dump so how old are these things???

TELL SEN. H. REID HE FULL OF SH  T

Horrible..WW2, 204,000 KIA, 81,000 killed during training

This is very sad my father was a mortar man in the Marines. It was back in the second world war but some training accidents like this happened too. When one deals with high explosive projectiles and the launch mechanism there can be casualties. I dealt with the projectiles from Battleship guns, just a little bit of powder and a projectile the size of a modern small car. Maybe a bit of an exaggeration but when you are inside that turret you really think about it. My condolences to these peoples family's. My highest respect goes to those killed and wounded.

SVENSK YOU'RE A NUTSAC!! •_____•

too close to home.. my daughter's friends brother who I've known for years and has watched my house is a Marine in NC. Thankfully we got a quick reply from him that he was ok but it was scary for a while there. RIP all of you.. gone from this earth way to early.

Just wait, Barry The Benghazi Bungler Obonzo will blame it on Bush and the sequester!!!!! Barry likes to do his slaughtering with drones....not so messy..........

Harry Reid proves once again he is a fool. Does that make those who elected him fools also?

Just say and report what that Criminal Harry Reid said about it..IMPEACH and go after him!!!

Exercize with Live. Live Amo? Smart very Smart.

I remember a similar situation... every damn day.

With modern simulation technology are live fire drills really necessary?So, we have 147,000 (60,000) acres, are there now 2 different types and sizes of 'Acres'?

if you all have never been to downtown hawthorn, you can see the bunkers everywhere. i always thought if one would blow up they would all go up and the town would loose elevation. terrible thing happened. i wonder how stable all that is out there. training ops are hard enough not adding any premature explosions. God be with the families and friends

.....and the #$%$ hole senior senator from Nevada, Harry Reid, had the nerve to take to the Senate floor this afternoon and suggest that this tragic accident was the result of the sequester.

at least another expensive fighter jet didn't explode or crash...

Our military personnel need to know about Jesus Christ and that we are praying for them. Jesus loves them and they need to know that there is forgiveness and safety in Christ......

Did you know Harry Reid, Democrat majority leader of the Senate of the United States tried to turn the deaths of these men into political capital? No? That's what you get for reading Yahoo and Reuters.Cynthia Johnston, reporter, or Democrat body guard?

Two soldiers commit Suicide a day on average, others are killed by friendly fire and others are killed during exercizes like this. Al qaeda can just sit back and watch us self distruct.

Reid pretty much blamed the marine armorers, who inspected these weapons prior to each live fire practice, for not doing their jobs. The munition is what failed and chances are it was manufactured well over a year ago, long before the sequestration kicked in.  He owes the USMC a public apology asap.

Another needless tragedy for our forces which did not need to happen. Why do they have to conduct these exercises with live munitions? Bad enough that we have lost thousands of our young soldiers in an ongoing war that will never be worth the cost in lives or money and then accidents like this occurs.

So very sad to hear that this has happened prayers to the families and friends of the fallenGOd bless these military men &amp; women rest in peace

: (

I hope their is a full investigation of this accidents, many are very preventable!

Still 50 million to go until the population is back under control.~I Bring You A Message of Goodwill!~~The Goodwill Ambassador~

Training excercise or not, what in there right mind were they thinking doing training exercises around hundreds of live ammunition bunkers anyways. With the thousands of acres of open desert and land out there you would think they wouldnt use live explosives around the volatile bunkers.It just goes to show how much our gov truly cares of the saftey of the ones that keeps us safe. R.I.P to all the were lost and my prayers go out to there families.

Im so very sorry for the families who lost loved ones. Semper Fi !!!

I'm no genius but why would they train with real bombs that can really explode?Seems dumb to me...

More lives lost for the benefit of Israel as no doubt they were training to defend thy gews in the middle east war tour.

Condolences go out to the families of those who lost their lives training to serve and protect our country. SEMPER FI!!!

Rest easy marines while you patrol the streets of heaven... semper fi marinesIED's and mortars in the middle east just weren't enough huh? Gotta kill the brave and selfless protectors of our country while they are IN OUR COUNTRY too!?!?!?!

U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel was receiving updates on the accident and the end he went to bed. I can hear him snoring since then.

This is really sad my thoughts and prayor goes to these families in their difficult time, may God bless you all and be your comforter.

I'm not a religious vet but this always seems to be appropriate in instances like this regardless if you believe in god or not.Marine PrayerAlmighty Father, whose command is over all and whose love never fails, make me aware of Thy presence and obedient to Thy will.  Keep me true to my best self, guarding me against dishonesty in purpose and deed and helping me to live so that I can face my fellow Marines, my loved ones, and Thee without shame or fear.  Protect my family. Give me the will to do the work of a Marine and to accept my share of responsibilities with vigor and enthusiasm.  Grant me the courage to be proficient in my daily performance.  Keep me loyal and faithful to my superiors and to the duties my Country and the Marine Corps have entrusted to me.  Help me to wear my uniform with dignity, and let it remind me daily of the traditions which I must uphold. If I am inclined to doubt, steady my faith; if I am tempted, make me strong to resist; if I should miss the mark, give me courage to try again. Guide me with the light of truth and grant me wisdom by which I may understand the answer to my prayer.

and that dumb #$%$ harry reid blamed it on cutbacks

Stop playing with matches

Drop, then quickly look away and plug your ears.Where are the mortar rounds manufactured these days ...China?

why cant we own them ? under the 2nd admendment , also anti tank . as all basic a type of gun . as the 2nd dont say type or the period type of guns .  so we should get it all . what our millatary gets .

no really, these guys actually died for nothing.

That sucks not even make it past training.Gone is gone,  it doesn't matter the reason, just the heartache remains.  They were doing something they believed in, God and country, and patriots, but that doesn't make it any easier for them or those they left behind.. I was in Iraq as a contractor and saw them everyday. They were all heros, special, and they will all be missed, and there passing hurts just the same.God bless them all.

maybe god wouldnt have exploded the marters if they werent marters

Allahu Akbar.Prophet Abū al-Qāsim Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd Allāh ibn ʿAbd al-Muṭṭalib ibn Hāshim has promised 72 virgins for themThat's 7x72 = 504 virginsThat's a lot of virgins my friends. Can he substitute then with American prostitutes from the Las Vegas strip?

To those men's familes, I'm so sorry.  I'm sending prayers your way.  To the families whose men are at Renown, I'm sending prayers your way too.  The staff at Renown are terrific, and they'll give your soldiers the best care possible.

To all of you "Thumbs Down" pieces of muslim holy #$%$! You Anti-Americans can all burn in muslim hell! To dishonor a fallen soldier is to dishonor all of America!  America will hunt you down like a dog in the street........we are coming for you.........

#$%$ to those of whom in command..and a salute to those of us....

Of course these buildings shown on the home page and this aerial shot has some meaning the average person can not recognize something like the street and building designs of this nation that told just what the agenda was about from the start Americas history. Signs and symbols of course are the number 1 communication sources. An english speaking person can surely recognize a symbol without a french speaking individual trying to explain the agenda that is going down in their country. Now how intriguing it is just how ignorant we Americans have been to allow the many demonic signs and symbols to go up just with the electrical towers that surround us. Our ancestors just wouldn't have stood by to let that happen. Generation after generation is so diluted and dumb down important issues just never take precedence; making money, having the biggest and the best, self-self-self, me-me-me has outweigh everything and what a pity to see the current youngest generations that really haven’t a clue about current events less more historical facts; facts that could help to ensure just how not to repeat itself.P.S. did anyone in our armed force question just why they are continually to be deployed overseas and the America lands are not armed enough to contain such ‘mistakes’ as they try to push. Surely no mistake nor an accident if such incident did take place. They lie so much.Peace

Bush Fault !!!!

dumb on steriods............not using simulator rounds.

Stupid baby killers got what they deserved..God is greatAllahu Akbar

When is the big test is coming out of Nevada?How many body bags have been ordered?

good not more marines jaja,,,,,,,,

typical government cover up, somebody just farted in a confined space is all...

Karma?

Is it 4th of July yet? I heard fire works and light ups

HA! HA! they were training to go murder innocent man women and children!! And died before they could carry out their terrorist actions!! Serves them right!! Guess they wont be needing any body bags just a pic, shovel AND GARBAGE BAGS!!! HAAAA! (^_^)!(F) UCK THE u.s military! LOSERS of the vietnam, and korean war and soon afghanistan and IRAQ,IRAN the entire middle east!