Coming soon to a bank near you.

Don't fret, folks. We've got Ben Bernake who just prints the money we need. The Cypriots are unified with their foreign neighbors under a common currency, the Euro, and have few options.

So for a bank account, we now risk government confiscation for a very small return in interest. Maybe better off with gold coins in a vault, since I can get there faster than the government can. I am willing to sacrifice the interest rate.

So that's what happens when you run out of other peoples' money.

The kick in the a.s.s will come when we find out that all the bankers and politicians still get their bonuses and perks.

Could this happen here in the US? It is coming I think, but I hope I am wrong.

You give government enough power, they will eventually enslave you.

Our government doesn't waste time waiting to take it from our savings, they go directly after our paychecks ( those of us that earn them anyway)

At least the Cyprus government is upfront about it.  In the U.S., the Fed and their accomplices in government seize your savings by stealth -- by debasing the currency.

Coming to the USA as the world inches closer to a currency collapse.  Deficit spending has bankrupted the entire world.

I can see this happening here. First Congress members making closed door dealings, a hand full of elites would be warned. After they were all protected, then they would hit the new law on the middle class.And people in my family think I'm crazy for pulling my cash out and hiding it from the thieve's.

The government has been eyeing 401k's starting with the Clinton administration, do some research.

What gives any government thr right to sieze your bank account, to pay for their illegal activities?

Headline: "Savings account seizure plan draws fury in Cyprus"Have you heard Obama or democrats denounce this government thievery?Of course not. To them it's just wealth redistribution they dream of.

time use mason jars in the back woods.

This is the result of a liberal fiscal policy, at some point, the USA will do the same.

For anybody but a 'government' this would be called theft.

........and most Democrats wonder why we "cling" to our guns.............

My stepfather never trusted banks, never kept his money in there. We used to think he was crazy. Doesn't seem so crazy now. In fact, everything he warned about keeps coming true.

Guess what Americans--- !!!!!!The trouble with socialism is that sooner or later you run out of other peoples money. M.Thatcher

Ah, the pleasures of having a government treasury that's run by a private banking cartel....

I'm not sure if the people of Cyprus understand the concept of a coup, revolution or uprising. The second amendment in the bill of rights is what gives the other amendments meaning. "A government large enough to give you everything you want is also large enough to take away everything you have". Thomas Jefferson.

Sounds like Obama's plan for 401k's.

Interestingly, today, when the Obama administration was asked about the Cyprus confiscation plan, and had the chance to stand up for traditional US private property rights, it chose no comment. Huh? That's right! The upper echelon thieves who run this country consider this to be a vialble alternative. Take your money and run!

US government does it all the time, they just call it, a tax hike.

Government theft of people's money is nothing new, a version of the Cyprus plan is quietly gaining momentum in the US.

Isn't that the same thing happening now in the U.S. when interest in the banks pay even less than the inflation.  This is government sponsored robbery to allow the banks to pay for the bailouts off of your money you should be earning in interest.  Even during the great depression, banks paid a higher rate in interest..

•	"When the people fear their government, there is tyranny; When the government fears the people, there is liberty."- Thomas Jefferson

How's that liberal, socialist, EU thing working out for you guys?? Spending more money then you bring in might be fun, but it doesn't end well. Welcome to bankruptcy. Liberal policies = failure.Americans are such Ignorant idiots !!!  Every time Obama prints more money using the FED, They are in fact stealing money from your savings !!!!

Remember when the feudal lords and kings demanded  money in form of taxes to cover thier own deficits in past ages.  Guess what ---- it still exists.

I see WW III.

Goldbugs 1 Fiat currency drones 0

This is what Democrat Rep. Nancy Pelosi (CA) thought would be a great idea in the U.S- along with taking 401K funds from U.S. citizens. You Democrats better realize this is a Socialist manuever. Keep voting Democrat and we'll be like Cyprus. No to Socialism!

It should be...4Q...on the hands.

It can easily happen to usA.

Obama is taking a less obvious route. He's just printing so much money that your savings aren't worth anything anymore. Same end result...

Yahoo shouldn't be giving Obama ideas on how to fund his next vacation...

When Obama and the fed prints more money, they are doing the same thing except you don't get a vote or even congress doesn't even get to represent your vote. You get ZERO to say about it !!  BAN THE FED !!!!chilling

I guess putting your money in the off-shore Cayman Islands doesn't look so bad after all, does it Democruds..............

Sounds like an idea that Obama suggested, we are probably next. Don't keep all your money ANYWHERE that the government can find it. Coffee can....back yard....mattress....down the barrel of my shotguns???

Buy and rat-hole gold.

The politicians would spin it that they gave account holders with balances less than 100,000 Euros 9.9 - 6.75 = 3.15% of their balance. Such a deal.

Any doubts now as to the real reason they want your firearms and the DHS AND SS are stock piling ammo

if this is to happen in the USA....banksters and politicians better run and hide because the Taxpaying citizens will officially have a new animal to hunt

I may be wrong,,,,, but the europeans retire at the age of 30 and only work 25 hours a week ?

This is definitely in line with President Obama's policy - Tax the rich - the ones who have bank accounts - and disregard any hard work or personal budgeting that may have resulted in a bank account.

Amazing how silent the liberal media and our political "leaders" are about this government orchestrated confiscation of private money - I bet they are already dreaming of our own "recovery tax" to cover their continued financial irresponsibility.Hey, why not? It happened here in the good ole USA. Except it wasn't banks being bailed out it was car manufacturers. Ask the bond and stock holders of Chrysler how much they got took for during Obama's takeover of the car companies.

And NOT A WORD from the commie White House!  That'll be Obama's NEXT MOVE!

There is no such thing as a one-time tax.

In a strange related story, Obama was recently seen with a bright light bulb over his head....

Welcome to obamie-commie's vision for America.

I bet Obama is disturbed he didnt come up with this idea first!

Can't you just see the Democrats doing that here?  Some obsure law is passed one day that has a hidden rider.   Then, 6 months later, you notice mysterious deductions from your savings account!

I wonder if the governments and banks think the people will just take this without doing something drastic later? If I had some of My already post tax savings  robbed from Me, I'd pull the remainder with a small amount left just to use,and never put money in a bank there again. The same will go with how I earn money, as much on unreported cash work as possible. No, I hope the bankers enjoy their last big bonuses taken from the savings of the customers, because after this I don't know how anyone there could ever be stupid enough to keep most of their savings where the banks and government can take it freely and without compensation!

Shhhhhhhh Be vewy, vewy quiet, i'm hunting banksters!  Huh Huh Huh.

Withdraw most of your money except what is needed for bills and buy gold &amp; silver. Our money already supports those on welfare, we shouldn't support the banks for their bad behavior.Socialism at work, folks. We'll take most of what you have, and when we've spent all of that, we'll come take the rest of what you have.

It is easy for politicians to spen other peoples money, the politicians assetts need to be ciezed first, then they need jailed for the ponzi scheme they caused. Are you listening my dear U.S. government? I did not call out a name or party, they are all complicite.

Get yourself a big 1000 lb. safe,screw the banks. I haven't banked in decades.

Do they have strict gun laws?  I can see why the founding fathers included the second amendment, to keep governments honest.

Tax theft on the prudent, coming soon to the US.

they done got all my money, i went from middle class to poverty in less than a year.

In the long run I doubt this decision will be a wise one.  I'd think twice about putting any of my money in their bank from now on.

WOW..... Thats all I got for this story.....

Keep electing the 2 party system controlled by private bankers every 4 years like the morons you are.  Then watch your wealth get inflated, taxed and confiscated.  Private bankers know you're dumb and they can offload trillions of their losses onto your back via paper money scams.

Well America, I guess I don't really have to say anything, do I?This is coming here soon. Obama has already looked into taking over retirement accounts

LOL, seizing bank accounts...it's the future America right out of the Obama handbook...it's how he plans to pay for all his bleeding deadbeats

Obama is drawing up plans to do the same thing.

A government big enough to provide for all of your needs is a government big enough to steal everything that you have and enslave you.

if it happens all of the bankers and people(govt officials) who helped put it through will be tracked down.

There's alread been talk of siezing retirement accounts in this country. Research it. These statists are insatiable.

First gun control . Control Health Care System , Control , Control ,and more control . Please do not give the Washington loons any ideas

The Euro is going to collapse... I give it 5-8 years tops and the Euro will either be worth less then the dollar or not exist.

STEALING

Oh, don't forget in the US we have IRA's, 20 trillion worth. Can you see a nice big target to loot!Never ever trust any GOVERMENT.

The US government has already done the same back in 2008 with the TARP program to the tune of almost 800 billion. Instead of levying a tax on bank deposits, they added that amount to our national tab which basically only the top 20% pays the tax for. Sleek, aren't they. And wait. It doesn't end there. The Fed is keeping our short-term rates at zero so that the government can get practically interest-free loans on Monopoly loans printed by the Fed. The savers, on the other hand, lose at least 4% on their deposits yearly so that this vicious, oblique federal grand larceny can continue unabated right under the noses of the gullible voters.....Federal mafia.......courtesy of Uncle Ben Bernanke and the complicit Congress. Welcome to the United States of Zimbabwee.

It could happen here, folks.  They're already whispering about nationalizing your retirement accounts.

Big goverments spending money they don't have is the cause of this.  Then, when it begins to implode, they go after your personal savings.  I see this as nothing but a crime - stealing.  Those responsible for voting to spend money that they don't have should all be held responsible, arrested, and tried for treason.  And, when a government takes the guns of it's citizens, the citizens have no way to fight back.  Makes you wonder where we are headed, doesn't it?

The liberal media has greatly ignored this story while concentrating their reporting efforts on stupid storries on Lohan, gay rights, and March madness. Pleople need to be aware of the future consequences it has for our own nation instead of being distracted with garbage.

all that is being stated is if this is not carried out, the country will be bankrupt, BUT, sacking 30-40% of the exceptionally bloated and over paid Civil Servants is not even on the table meaning, in a nutshell, instead of sacking staff to save the country from Bankruptcy the Government would rather make every citizen pay for years of mega wasteful spending mixed with banks which handed out loans like candy.  The government is more concerned about keeping 20,000 jobs then the life savings of 100's of thousands of others.  While 20,000 sounds harsh, it's better than all 70,000 being out of a job.

Sounds like what Obama would do here

I'd beat my banker if he let them into my accounts.

The USA will soon do this to the American People also....  Wait......No Job .....No Money....It is already happening!!!

Wait until Obamacare is in full swing, you haven't seen nothing yet!Easiest way for inciting immediate mass violent revolution, anarchy, and mass-chaos. Can it get any more stupid than that? I suppose they could pursue banning soft drinks larger than 16 ounces, and try to steal away the peoples' rights to self defense and firearm ownership. Of course, displacing your rights, confiscating firearms, and setting up an unstoppable tyranny where they can randomly stop-and-#$%$ on the street, is usually done BEFORE they dip into your private savings. You've been warned NY. You too Colorado. And you Connecticut, and you California.

WOW!! this has been the lead story on most responsible media ALL day! finally, yahoo sees fit to publish it - 4:30pm pst now, and they just published 30 minutes ago -casey anthony was more important? really, yahoo?

Obama's reckless fiscal and monetary policies are doing the exact same thing to your saving; eroding their value by inflation.  At least the politicians are being honest in Cyprus.

Wait until the black population in the US goes to about 30%, this will happen here to support all of them. Blacks are at 12% now and take about 40% of all welfare benefits.

What comes around goes around, don't give Oblamer any bright ideas!

i wonder what will happen will happen when all the money is really gone.  will they confiscate our personal property?

Let me see, They are going to tax - again the money that has already been taxed, sieze money from bank account holders up to the insured amount. This is what our leadership thinks we should be mimicking? Europe is going to go up in financial flames, and taking a persons money, thinking that insurance is going to pay for the theft is a good idea? Can you say rexolution?

End the Federal Reserve money printing &amp; thieveing racket for private banking goons,Gary Johnson 2016

Revolution time for them?

Why aren't these people laying seige to the government?Hang the Banksters!  ............................................................  Death to the NWO!

So why don't you keep money in the bank...."Well"

It wasn't enough to take almost all of the earnings, now you have to steal their savings too. USA, are you watching? This his how it plays out when the political class wins elections by spending other people's money.  No doubt they carved themselves a loophole.

well now that we see once again that the banks are nowhere to be putting money I guess it's time to start taking it all out across the world.

Obama is drooling with envy.   How can I do it too?

America, take heed.

Coming to America ! [not the Eddie Murphy movie either]

Ok America, government bureaucrats and politicians and Congressmen:  You are put on notice.  You are not taking away any of my guns and definitely not my  hard earned money like Cyprus.  I believe I made myself clear.   Enough said.

And you wonder why some people don't trust banks.

Don't worry there is nothing wrong, turn in your guns and let the goverment track and monitor your every move,and everything will be all right. What you don't trust your goverment.Next week, the US Treasury will seize all bank accounts, and skim 10% off the top to pay off Obama debt.  How bout dat?

Gee ....I wonder again why the U S government wants to marginalize the 2nd Amendment and take  it's citizens, guns.

Someday soon, the crooked international banksters will be seizing the bank assets of Americans, too.  Just wait and see.  They call the shots and control the political system.Wake up, America!

obama wants to take us to become like cypress

Stop complaining. You voted them into office.

What happens when socialism runs out of other people's money?

President Anastasiades of Cyprus assured voters that he would never, ever tax their bank accounts. Now he says the government must do this.  He is a liar.Since there never has been, nor ever will there be an honest, sound government, it’s best not to expose oneself to their possible thievery, no matter where you are.

So the nasty banks in Cyprus took a 70% 'hair cut' on their Greek bonds.

COMING to bank near you, courtesy of BHO and friend’s.  But did you know that there are millions of unpaid taxes due from his direct administration personnel.  Half his appointees had to pony up for several years of back taxes as he took over from the evil W.

That is outright war against the people.  If they tried that in the US it would be met with millions of armed citizens.  lolObama and Harry Reid thought it sounded like a good idea.

This is Communism. Wake up folks this is the path our country is also heading if let Washingtonhave too much power.

Have you made a run on your bank accounts yet?  I did a year ago, closing out my Chase Bank Account.  It takes about 4-5 weeks to clear your accounts.  Don't wait, it will be too late.  Death to the NWO!  .............................................  Hang the Banksters!

Get ready folks.Obama just got an idea.

There are consequences associated with deficit spending. Wake up America as this is what  will happen if Obama and his socialist party agenda is not stopped.

liberal welfare nanny countries are desperate for money, reminds me of a heroin addict

this is B.S. ,,,,,,  sounds just like something that Obama would want to do

Obama got an erection when he saw the news.

I can smell that big smile on Obama's face.

Humm.. Interesting.. Interesting that Obama and his regime is not condemning this move by Cyprus Government and their banks.. Interesting..I hope Obama is not reading this article, he might get ideas and confiscate all of our saving and checking accounts by presidential decree, to pay for tours at the White House.

This will never happen in the US, too many citizens own guns. I hope the gun control freaks are paying attention because this is exactly what happens when there's no 2nd Amendment insurance plan to keep the government from basically stealing your hard earned savings because they were inept or corrupt. Public servants are supposed to be guardians of the public trust, ransacking people's bank accounts to cover their mistakes isn't guarding anything.

They should just print what they need like Berneke. No need to start a revolution, just print.

SOUNDS LIKE ATLAS SHRUGGEDthe 2nd part preview starts with the president taking property from the citizens

For you youngins this was called communism back in the day! Communism isn't dead, it's being reborn under the guise of socialism.

Anyone else find it amazing that Obama didn't renounce this plan?

If the return interest rate at the bank is so very low, why have your money in a bank that can steal it if the government wants it..better off with the mattress or a house safe....

because half of the economy is underground and no taxes..therefore going after accounts in banks

Search and Read Tom Henegahn...

You would think they would have been better off instead of downright stealing money out of their citizens bank accounts to enact a special one time tax that everyone had to pay in order for their country to stay afloat.  While I'm sure many would protest this, it would be easier to swallow than theft.Additionally, what does this get them?  Distrust in the banking system, so now all Cypriot banks go out of business when everyone withdraws all their money.  That's going to make your whole economy go further downhill.Think Obama isn't looking at this and getting ideas? Get your money away from where he can get it and hold onto it before he gets his hands on it and gives it away to people who have never worked and will never work!!!

Once again the productive members of a society are punished while the spendthrifts and lazy do not get penalized.  This will happen in the USA a some time in the near future!

Keep in mind that the people that got the lion's share of the money in the first place were the government workers through their inflated salaries and ridiculous benefits. So now the private sector has to pay them so they can maintain their lifestyle. Geeez...sound familiar?

HEY, WORLD POPULATION!!  If you have a savings account, OR an interest-bearing checking account, OR ANY kind of pension,--it MIGHT be smart to PULL THEM ALL &amp; PUT YOUR FUNDS INTO YOUR MATTRESS, AS OUR GRANDPARENTS DID!!  You may forgo "interest", but you will still have your money!  Cyprus is just the tip of the iceberg!!  Wake up!!  The world is bankrupt!!  Seems inconceivable, but it is true!!  When the IMF demands that everyday depositors, who have a savings account, have their savings TAXED and extracted from their balance, to pay for their country's debt, the WHOLE WORLD has a problem!!  Pull it out now, hide it, &amp; I am STILL not sure that will be enough to protect our hard-earned money!!  We, the world, are in for one hell-of-a-ride!!  Thank you, ALL of you, the Progressive government "leaders".  Now you have brought the whole world to it's knees.  Happy yet?  So, NOW what?  We begin to EAT each other?

HAHA Socialism works...........for those in charge.....I wonder if any of those poor people losing their money feel better knowing that their government is going to give them some of it back..... or if it makes them FEEL better to know they are taking a little more from the "rich".. Im sure its a toss-up.

so the whole spend less money thing didn't get much traction with the government i guess...

if this happens in US, the next day we would have a new government

HaHa! You Iet em take your guns and now they are going to take your money!  HAHA!

I wonder when that will happen here?

Liberals, communists, socialists, and dictators alike will rob you blind.  Coming to a country near you (including Obamaland).These Socialist Governments(European Union-United States) are going to start grave robbing next. Start digging into the coffins for jewelry, watches, clothing, gold teeth etc.Dollars to donuts some back room bureaucrats in those country's already have the numbers figured out on what kind of haul that can bring in.

"Eurozone finance ministers held a telephone conference Monday night, and concluded that small depositors should not be hit as hard as others."Well, how very, very nice of those finance ministers.  Too bad they couldn't bring themself to realize that NO depositors should be hit at all!

It's time to start stuffing the mattress and walls with cash Folks...

This is a test run to see how much more they can steal from every other nation.

This is what happens when Lib deadbeats outnumber tax paying citizens

Coming soon to an America near you.

Coming soon to an America near you.

Obama will do this to you if he gets a chance.

look where you're headed u.s. this is what obama wants to follow, the e.u.

In effect this is what has been happening already in America.Everytime money is printed, the value is robbed from savers and wage earners.Those gains are transferred to the banking "industry".  Its less an industry and more a scam.AHHHHHHHHHHH the SOCIALISTS sure know how to manage money, just like the current LEFT U.S. Senate and the (President?).

one more reason we need to be armed

So what to do.  Do I pull all my money since we know this is coming and hope no piece of dirt comes while I'm away since I know roughly 47% is living of the system and doesn't have to leave 6 days a week for 12 hour spans like I do and they are notorious for robbing folks like me, or do I leave it in the bank and let the regime steal it instead.  Decision decision o how great you once were America before the liberals destroyed you.

If you remember- Liberals in our own government have already proposed confiscating 15% of our IRAs.  Luckily sanity prevailed.

So this is essentialy like a giant pawn. If you need 400 dollars you pawn a diamond ring. If you need billions of dollars, you pawn the savings accounts of your citizens.Sounds fair. After all, the people whose savings accounts are being pawned are the one who created the problem in their first place....with their votes.

I didn't know Miley was so critical to Europe.

America this is your future and you voted for it.  Hope you liberal idiots like this "hope and change"....................

##41214.03/19/13Savings account seizure plan draws fury in Cyprus"Save me! Save me! Oh please don't let me drown"(Uneasy the head sits beneath the crown)Without those yelling much admitting thatThey won't pay a price safety getting atAnd think they'll treat saviors like a clown.

And yet we still dont see much resistance here in the States from workers when they are forced to use direct deposit. We dont need banks to operate, but they want us to think we do.

We better hope Obama doesnt see this story and give him an idea..._____The Federal Reserve Bank does the EXACT SAME THING In this Nation year in year out simply by Printing up "our" "money" and thus STEALING the VALUE of Your Bank account at will.......how much was gal. of Gas when you were in Highschool? How much was a meal then?  btw thugs in "our" Government have already openly talked about "Taxing IRAs and 401Ks if then "need" to"....so dont be "Shocked" when THEY DO IT HERE KIDS !

hows that hope and change working? like the bailouts? but not the austerity? then dont spend other peoples money.

makes me think... it could happen anywhere

The same people who are now upset about not getting better bail out terms from the EU, especially Germany, are upset.  But weren't they among the irresponsible ones that got the country into trouble in the first place; along with the politicians who promised them the moon. And who has any sympathy for Russia's mobsters who could lose some of their stolen money. I say good for the EU and especially Germany.

This is why I only belong to a credit union.

I'm not 100% sure, but I think if they tried this in the US there would be a full blown Revolution.

Reads like the first 2000 pages of Obamacare. One can almost see Obama saying " I like that real time access to Bank accounts thing" "Stuff that in after couple of thousand pages on the fold, so it won't get read till after it's passed"

they wil;l do it here someday

Coming to America soon enough...

obama hopes this is coming to america soon. another way to punish those who work and save money.If You think that's " Stunning " 6 months ago Ben B. of the Federal Reserve installed the EXACT same Policy for The U.S. Banks. This Policy States that in the Event of a " U.S. Financial TailSpin " or any other " Similar U.S. Disaster " that the Federal Reserve could FREEZE and SEIZE the estimated 26 Trillion dollars from the saving accounts of ALL U.S. Banks and use those savings as they deemed fit. Don't think your safe American Patriots, this designed economic collapse IS coming to America as well and the shaft of our Federal Government to be buried firmly in your posterior. Don't think safe deposit boxe's will be exempt, in the Great Depression the IRS placed agents in all banks of our country and you could not retrieve your valuables except in the presence of such agent, at which time you were relieved of your gold, silver or other valuables. History is our Best Teacher, prepare yourself as best you can Patriots, keep your gold, silver and ammo right next to your Gun!

This will never happen in the US, too many citizens own guns. I hope the gun control freaks are paying attention because this is exactly what happens when there's no 2nd Amendment insurance plan to keep the government from basically stealing your hard earned savings because they were inept or corrupt. Public servants are supposed to be guardians of the public trust, ransacking people's bank accounts to cover their mistakes isn't guarding anything.

Every time Obama prints more money, he does the same thing to Americans. And they are too stupid to see it !!

Well Cypress and the rest of Europe and now America.......you keep voting for these liberals who promise you stuff, with no way to pay it.  Now they are going to take payment.  Your fault.  Go cry a river.  Yes, Cypress is wrong but you allowed it.

Is this why Obama ordered 1.6 billion bullets for the "Homeland" security and 3000 armored vehicles with gun ports? Is it robbing of accounts going to happen here soon?

actually what will happen here, is that all paper money will be exchanged for new paper, and all reciepts will be known to the IRS for tax purposes. the old money will become worthless if not exchanged

Obama voters would support him doing this to you in a Barack minute

coming to america, most people will support as they don't have any thing in savings.

If Romney was president, no one would be worrying about this happening here.

keep your money under the mattress !!!!!!!!Europeans have it so bad, they pay 80% income tax. I don't see how they can haveanything to put into savings to begin with. And here I am suffering because of theextra payroll taxes that are nothing near 80%. I'd have to live under a bridge if theytook that much out of my already measley paychecks.

What brilliant socialist thought THAT idea up?Cypriots are like, Fuuhhhhuuhuuuk You!

Until several hundreds of world banksters wont be hanged, beheaded,shot, dragged behind pick up trucks or stoned nothing will change butthe day of total calopse of the world markets and the start of WW3

Hello legalized theft... Hello America's future...

Gold coins in a safe place sounds a lot better I thnk...

Wow that is scary.  US citizens watch out; we might be next.

I wouldn't want that to happen here in the USA...too many gun owners. :-)

I find this truth to be self evident. That all bankers are created evil.

Spend too much, raid private savings.  Rinse, wash, repeat.

Coming to a bank near you.How long will it be before Obama's government decides to tax and seize savings and bank deposits to make things "fair"?

With 17+ trillion debt, those juicy 401Ks must look tempting for the .gov with all the accumulated trillions in those accounts!  I wouldn't put it beyond our "benevolent" .gov to try and spread the wealth.

wont be long for the libs and obama to do this in the US.. lol i bet the libs love this story.. stealing other peoples money.. a liberals dream come true

Interesting, this just creates a complete mistrust of the banking system in Cyprus.  All i can say is if I lived there I would be pulling out every penny I had and buying gold. (if you can still even access your account)

COMMING SOON TO AMERICA NEAR YOU ! ! !

If that guy holding his hand up has no money in his account, the Government will just come in and take the hand. They can probably turn some money on it on the appendages market.

Wow !! All this for a 13 billion dollar loan?? The Federal Reserve prints 85 billion of monopoly money per month to keep the charade of solvency in the US. Maybe Cyprus should drop out of the Euro and start doing the same.....

Obama will do the same wait and see, it's coming, the Muslim brotherhood needs more cash, Impeach that marxists liar and tratior, and send that #$%$ who runs the Huffington communist post back to Germany where she belongs.

Obama and his Regime are planning the same thing here in USA next !!  That is.. After they take our guns first..

Here is a novel thought; how about all those crooked bankers giving the money they stole back instead of fining the very people that are providing them with appearently much needed capitol.  Of course everyone will be taking their money out of those banks if at all possible and I bet not many will be willing to deposit any more, what criminals.Does Cyprus have a strict gun control policy?

Dems have already floated the idea of confiscating 401K's. It will happen here once one of the Too Big To Fail banks make a bad mistake.

Everyone should be on ALERT&gt;.........Obama and the democrats are planning to take 10% out of all bank accounts and 401K's........there will be no warning......

Folks, this is a dream come true for Democrats. Wouldn't they love to get 10% of your savings ?

Our government has already thought about confiscating all 401K's about three or four months ago. It made the news for a couple of hours then yanked from all broadcast by order of Obama. Am sure I am not the only one that saw it, had it not been for the election I question if he would have stopped it. Yes, what is happening in Cyprus can happen here, yaw keep backing Obama and everything he through our way in lie of spending. He'll retreat with his millions to Africa and leave us holding the bag.

There are two ways to conquer and enslave a nation. One is by the sword. The other is by debt. - John Adams 1826

People want all their benefits but to hell with paying the taxes, and we wonder why we're broke.

Socialism has and is collapsing everywhere it has been tried and yet the liberal #$%$ in this country can't steamroll us there fast enough.  Pandering to your bottom feeding useless voting base sounds great until you run out of other people's money to spend.  I'd like to think we will wake up as a country before it's too late but the writing is on the wall.  Gold is getting bought for a reason......

Ah, in Europe the GVT Giveth (Unions, Social Entitlements etc) and the GVT taketh away, taxation and confiscation. Let's Go Socialism. It Works!

start with John CorzynThe worlds economy is on its way to failing totally, making way for a one world currency.

Obama is after all you have or hope to have, don't doubt that, he is a sneaky snake and he will do it behind your backs like he does everything. Marxists liar Obama, the devil himself.

______REJECT The "Bailout" and___DROP THE EURO____Go back to being YOUR OWN NATION AGAIN !! Then go after the Banksters and put them in Jail like Iceland did a few years ago....Iceland is now better off than ANY of the "euro-Banker-slave-Nations" because they DID NOT PLAY AROUND WITH THE BANKING MAFIA!!!

The E U has completely failed the people it is suppose to serve. What a completely stupid solution. Penalize the victims. Surprised our idiots in Congress didn't think of this, oh wait a minute they did.

its called stealing

They just keep pushing the "catastrophe collapse" that is eventually going to happen around.  Pushing it place to place trying to delay the inevitable.  Soon the (s)hit is going to hit the fan and look out when it does.....You can't fix the scam created by fractional banking....

Stealing from hard working people who save for their future. Sounds just like Obama and his band of democrats.

Whats the problem, take the logic of everybody paying their fair share to its end and this is what you get, the goverment deciding what fair share is  and who should give it!

You mean steal.

That's why I maxed out all my credit cards and joined the non-income tax paying 47%There's nothing left  to steal and my retirment in a Federal Pen is likely to be far more comfortable than anything I could afford on my ownAnd that my friends is why I don't deal with banks......

What a great deal. The Eu will lent 10 billion as long as the government grabs six bilion from deposits another two bilion from selling it's assets and another four bilion from selling the Cypriot bsnks in greece. In other words the EU is lending zero euros since cyprus willl come up with all ten billion by itself.

Obamacare took 3.8% of the value of our houses and no one made a peep.

A Cyprus persons was rubbing his eyes the other day....and a Government offical walked by and said: "Don't do that I own those" What do you think he meant???

The teatards like to blame poor people for the worldwide financial crisis, but let's get real. Poor people are barely getting through the day, just like the middle class. It was the rich, the Wall Street brokerage houses, and their toady rating agencies that caused the housing crash and the resulting bailouts.

this will happen here sooner than we think

I'm moving to the Cayman Islands. I'm afraid Oblunder will come home and go crazy. Hide your money in a fruit jar in the backyard til the smoke settles. I'll be in-touch.

Reveal the identities of the people that took the money and reveal  the people that allowed it to happen .Who are they?Let's discuss that instead

This is on it's way here. For sure if the dems. take back the house. Dems love to take other people's money.

"Damn it! I wanted to be the first to pull that one. Fire-up Air Force One...I need another million-dollar round of golf.""Damn it! I wanted to be the first to pull that one. Fire-up Air Force One...I need another million-dollar round of golf."

This sounds like something that Obama might do.

Obama spends time now doing photo opps and making the sheep think he is actually doing something, while he sits and screws us all behind our backs. liar and tratior impeach the dam fool.

Hussein Obama has plans to steal ur 401K already LOL!!!!!! Don't be surprise """"" lol

I like the way Yahoo has "buried" this article deep so that it is not noticed right away.This should be the headlines of every online news provider and every newspaper.This is "extortion" by the government, plain and simple.  You can bet Obama would like to do the same thing.

Please Cyprus............don't give this Barack guy anymore ideas!!!

Tax being poor by requiring WORK for WELFARE!

And there is your answer to socialism U.S! Dont think it could never happen to you either.

Talk about power. The ECB manufactures money out of thin air, then loans it to the EU governments. When they loan out too much fabricated money, they get bailed out by the government to preserve the system. If that doesn't work, they just get the government to tax your savings.

Cypriot's should take all their money out of the bank,run up the banks credit card until they get back the money that was stolen and then DEFAULT on the card.Retroactive tax collecting - that's a Clinton tactic.

Coming to a country near you.

give them antidepressants so they won't worry any more.  lifes a beach.

Kinda puts a new wrinkle on the sudden push for gun control, doesn't it?

Shhh...Dont tell this to the politicians.

Here is an idea all you savers should push on government and make the media catch on: if they want 10% taken out, let them do it from the brokerage accounts whom go LONG the overpriced stock market, in other words, all those who greatly benefited from the illicit, wealth-dividing quantitative easing.

Americans need to learn from this article. That's why the globalist leaders in our government  want to take away our guns so they can take away everything else.

the russian mafia will not take this lying down...stay tuned for a few political assasinations

In our country and others where irresponsible so-called elected 'officials' that helped cause each country's financial apocalypse, should be booted out of office, prosecuted, have 50% of their salaries and benefits confiscated and spend some prison time- if for no other reason than to set examples to other officials, to be responsible for their actions!! In fact, they should also under law, be forced to suffer the consequences for malfunctioning fiscal activities!

Just how do you think America is going to pay their debt?  Already talking about seizing retirement accounts and put everyone on social security run by the government.  Can you say...FEMA Camps?I think most of those commenting  here are totally missing the most critical paragraph in the article. That basically states the banking system in Cyprus is bloated at 7 times the size of it's economy.  And 37% of the deposits come from outside the EU, mostly from Russia and suspected to be of mafia origin. So why should the EU bail them out?"Cyprus, with only 0.2 percent of the eurozone economy, has a bloated banking system seven times the size of the island's economy. Losses on Greek government bonds had crippled Cypriot banks and required government money to bail them out. Meanwhile, a large proportion of deposits — 37 percent — come from people outside Cyprus and the European Union, much of it from Russia."

It's old news but Oboma wants to put all 401k and 403b investments into 1 big pot and divide it equally amoung everyone. more promise to pay to those who choose not to save or work.

Coming soon to YOUR IRA.....

A move coming to the US soon - What do you think obummer will do when he is not allowed to print any more money.  85000000 a month he is printing now.  Fact

The Government now owns that hand to!! That will be the next thing they come for.

And the big boys get away with it again and yes I do believe it could happen here because after all our crooks are the  ones who shipped these ideas overseas and  they dug in with all fours............

Scru this! I'm snortin' my savings up my nose. Confiscate that!

This idea came from that Obama and all his tax / tax, and lies / lies

10% on all accounts over $100,000 would net obama a lot of money

i can almost see the day now when the bank confiscates our savings and tells us they are doing so in english but also in spanish so as not to offendObama will use the same tactic when it all hits the fan. Even if he can't get new taxes passed he will simply call it a penalty like he did with Obamacare. Your money is not safe anywhere and he will do his best to steal it and give it away to his freeloader voters. We have not even begun to see all of this dictator's "flexability".

Why is this a surprise?

The problem is banks themselves, they stop being banks and became players in the world's financial casino. The problem is when governments guaranties these banks by using taxpayers money or now worse seizing their money in these banks.

Does everyone realize that Cyprus, Greece, Italy, Spain and Ireland are modern 21st century governments that have got themselves in serious trouble due to over spending and entitlement programs? Now the Cyprian government wants to STEAL 10% of savings accounts of its citizens. Think this cant happen in America? Think again...

How long is it going to be before the think tank in Washington figures out "What a wonderful idea, lets do that here and get the debt under control"? Donald, I am going to give you the best piece of advice EVER!  Get Your Cash Out Of The Bank Before Obama Does.! Now, if you would kindly send me a check for the advice I would be happy!

The mattresses in Cyprus will be stuffed with money pretty soon.

The Rothschild banking system is not working any more.

Another episode in the impending doom of the Eurozone and the Euro. Cyprus government claims it is "one-time tax." What makes you sure there would not be a second time when they run out of the monies loaned to them ?!Cyprus has set a precedent whereby financially strapped governments would just requisition people funds and leave them high and dry.Nevertheless, this event might be a windfall to America and Israel as monies will be moving from Cyprus their way.

How much CASH do you have right now?  On you or in your home?  Our economy is an electronic farce.  Our money can be shut off like a light switch.

All i got is a nickel with my wife's face on it.This is exactly why you never let them strip you off your guns.

Tell the protesters to eat cake or take a bullet to the head?

Hmmmm &lt;1% in a savings account PLUS the risk of a levy.  Doesn't seem like a very good place to put your money does it?

Now I finally see a reason to keep guns in a large city.

The banksters and our criminal gutterment all need prison

Hey look a preview of the US in another few years.  It will be the same story once they start taxing everyone heavily here.  Keep voting for your beloved Politicians, and see where we all end up.

Why not bail out Sudan? How about Mozambique?What significance is Nicosta? How about Costa Rica? Give them some free money?What a bunch of loons!

Don't laugh too hard, it's coming to america.

Sounds good to Obama. Start closing your accounts now!

Socialist thinking at it's essence.  Embrace it at your own peril.taxes in the USA in 1980 where 73% with few loop holes.stop the greedy crying.

Not much different from some US house or representatives suggesting the federal government should take over our IRA and 401Ks..RIP America

How is this any worse than what they do here where banks pay no interest and the Fed is eroding the value of everyone's savings by dumping trillions of new dollars into the economy?At least there will be a measurable reduction in Cyprus sovereign debt.

Deposits in the US are insured by the FDIC and the insurance is paid for by assessments on the banks based on the amount of deposits held in the instituton.   The deposits are insured up to $250,000 or less when the FDIC lowers the threshold.  Losses suffered by the FDIC in the event of bank failures are made up with taxpayer dollers.  That being said the way our country's, going at some point in the future who knows?  China won't loan us money(by Treasury Bonds) forever.

They're going to have to cut it lower than 6.75% for people with small deposits, maybe 4% for people with less than 50k euros?

Italy's next and they know it. Watch the run on their banks in the next few days.

Uh Oh....... Hope this ain't a preview for us........where's that damn bankbook.

Is it the ripe time for a high-tech, james bond-style robin hood to emmerged? The poor people of american needs you.

Obamaville

Obamacare is a Socialist Manifesto. An open-ended, blank check that allows the Socialist in power at any given moment to take and demand what ever they want or need on the fly. A 24/7 end run around the Constitution and a Representative Government. 15 member nameless, faceless unelected Bureaucrats handing down all encompassing edicts on every phase of American life, done in 5 minute Friday afternoon document dumps. Kathleen Sebeliuos will have more power than any Caesar. 4% tax on the equity in your home for starters. Real time electronic access to your Bank accounts. Cyprus was just stupid..what's our excuse?Obamacare is a Socialist Manifesto. An open-ended, blank check that allows the Socialist in power at any given moment to take and demand what ever they want or need on the fly. A 24/7 end run around the Constitution and a Representative Government. 15 member nameless, faceless unelected Bureaucrats handing down all encompassing edicts on every phase of American life, done in 5 minute Friday afternoon document dumps. Kathleen Sebeliuos will have more power than any Caesar. 4% tax on the equity in your home for starters. Real time electronic access to your Bank accounts. Cyprus was just stupid..what's our excuse?

government cannot take money from  people bank account ,that is just wrong. it is not the people fault  that  the country is bankrupt , it is  the government fault for miss managing   the money.report out that people wereemptyingthe bank machine to   pul thier money out of cyprus banks , i don't blame them . i don't blame if they hasd a scaryscary  run on thier  cyprus banks also , because  if the government is allow to do it once ,they do it again. i do believe it is illegally  forthe government to just  take the money  from its citizen .  they have no right to do  it,almost like dictator country

Coming to a bank near you SOON!!

We the people need to band together from this tyranny called goverment, thieves, manipulaters, and dictators,  together we can stop this divided we fall!

Wait a minute, let me understand, Cyprus government is seizing the money in citizen's savings accounts to pay government debt then closed banks?? This could be a sign of things to come here in the US. Coming to a US bank: Chase, Wells Fargo, BofA near you. Test run in a small country like Cyprus first.

should of took it without informing anyone. Banks and corporations in a bad economy has to get paid somehow, and its not gonna happen if peasants hoard all their money in savings.

You want to see big banks break up fast ?? start withdrawing your money now before the Government does !! This for sure will teach to big to fail banks a lesson !!

Stupid idea.

Perhaps All of us should pull all of our deposits out of our banks in north america and give the thieving bank CEO's a new lesson in economics. Not much of a Bonus if they have none of our cash to  manipulate and steal. Then we could re negotiate cep pay packages.

Coming to a country near you.Now that this particular demon has been let out of the box, even if still restrained, how long do you dumb Americans think it will be before YOUR government arbitrarily taps YOUR bank accounts?It IS coming.  The government mandated "bank holidays" before, and if they think it will benefit THEM, YOU are at their mercy ... and the government has no mercy.IT IS TIME TO LEAVE.

I'm going to my neighbors tomorrow and taking 5% of his stuff because I need it to keep in business.--------- got to love it.

This is not about government, but about the power of the IMF and corporate banking. Government is us. It should be big enough to help its people and protect us from the real thieves.

If I end w/ nothing I can only hope the #$%$ who voted for this fraud in office suffer more to the end of all things we have grown to used to, I saved played by all the rules lived below my  means all my life and was never a big earner, almost made 30K 1 yr, Woo Hoo!

CYPRUS IS NOT PART OF AMERICA!

Why dont they go after bank profits first?? The banks seem to have rigged the system to keep their pockets lined.

Unbelievable! I feel for ya citizens of Cyprus.

Is there a difference between stealing from your bank, or stealing thru taxes?

no point saving a bank no one in there right mind would deposit into again

Im sure that would fly here. It just needs to be packaged as "helping the middle class"This is why or own Government is adding a new separate department to the FBI to form a database to find and record all wealth and holdings of American Citizens, just read a long article on it two days ago.,

Soon, all will place their cash anywhere but not in the banks???

your better off digging a hole in the backyard, so I don't get .5 interest at least ill have my money

not sure what protestors want. hands off Cyprus? Ok, your other option is to have the entire country go into default, government close down most programs, downgrade in credit ratings, go into recession.

If you have over 100,000 euros, what the worry? They make their money off of other people in some way, in other words, parasitically off the poor but to the ardent capitalists they seem to think making money in any way at all is fair,

why not simply confiscate the money of the 1000 richest people in europe?   after all they are the ones who caused this crisis in the first place.

This was their plan.........to make us all slaves. Looks like it's working.

Russia is the biggest loser second to the people of Cyrus. The audacity of stealing from bank accounts. Nothing is safe in this world. It is time for a reset button. When are the people going to stand up against this?

These are people with Greek origin. They cannot manage money. Population of Cyprus is 1.1M and even though they just borrowed $12K per person, they still cannot deal with the issues. Poor suckers....

I can see the Democrats in the U.S. pulling some BS like this...Wow you see what the liberals have done to Europe.  Every where these cockroach liberals go turns to ashes.

And the democrat party tries to convince us that being like europe is "good".  No thanks, well hang on to capatalism.

That's not your hand anymore!! It's the Governments! You sold it..and everything else you had to Socialism. Just like the the Democrats in this country are now doing with Obama.

these guys just need to talk to Obama ... he will explain that debt is not a problem at all (now that he is president), and all they need to do is print some of their own cash - end of problem.  makes you wonder how any country ever went bankrupt - I guess they were just too dumb to print some more ...

I guess if they used the middle finger, the media wouldn't show their hands.  Good media savvy.

It will bring new meaning to taxing wealth!I wonder if Warren Buffett has a few "fazools" stashed away in a Cyprus Bank?

Socialism works until you run out of other peoples money....them you steal whatever is remaining.  Ya gotta love them leftists!

The issue which has swept down the centuries and which will have to be fought sooner or later is the people versus the banks. - Lord Acton

Eventually even pulling your cash out of banks and investments won 't do you any good because it will cost a wheel barrel full just to buy a loaf of bread. Like what happened in Germany in the 1930's.  On the other hand gold will always have value.

And people thought it could't happen.coming soon to an america near you.

Hey  I have an idea, lets get rid of cash and get embedded chips and we can all be happy and trust the government!!

It's not all that bad. If the depositors leave their money at the bank, they'll eventually earn enough interest to break even again...... after 87 years.

Hmmmm.... I think I'm gonna go old school and use the mattress as my bank from now on. Less fees, and just as safe as any bank now adays.

I would suggest they close the branches before they start another daylight robbery.

Wake up America. Washington isn't far behind hitting up your savings.

The US will do the same thing, except they will have negative interest rates.. Same thing but it won't look like the other guys' evil plot

Wow cool way to start a run on the bank. What were they thinking?

I'm broke.  No worries.

No one should touch their money...on Thursday everyone will probably rush to the banks to withdraw all thier funds then the banks will be bankrupt...seems counter-productive of the gov't. Anyhow, if I was a Cyprus citizen, I would get my money out of the bank whether it was a dollar or 5 million. What a disgrace this world's governments and banks are coming to.Obama economics 101.  Citizens should take their money and leave the country. Their economy has been destroyed by government over borrowing and over spending. Anybody need a refresher course on math.

They can seize my savings account....enjoy the hamburger

Good way to start a bank run all across the EU and plunge the world into a Great Depression. These guys are geniuses

ha ha ha!  doesn't it seems ridiculous that here the 20B that could kill a country's finance while Benny could print 80B a month for his crooked buddies to gamble in stocks.  No wonder, the world realised that USD is not a fiscal discipline tool and dethroned from world currency status.   The repercussion is that many in the world would have to work very hard to make up - of course someone has to pay eventually.  Competition is inevitable.   DOW ponzi is built to ensure the survival of USD.  It is an illusion of wealth as true riches are the energy &amp; mineral resources buried in the ground.  They redeem for goods &amp; services indefinitely.  The arrogance in Cramer's comment about Cyprus bank being comical.  HA!  coming from a place where money is printed out of thin air.  that's a load of BS.

This is where democrat policies will get you.

CONSERVATISM has done nothing for America but give us idiots for PRESIDENTS that lead us into WARS and NEVER reduce the deficit or spending. CONSERVATISM IS A STATE OF MIND AND A DISORDER!

Just keep saying to yourself, over and over... "It could never happen here"

Coming to a bank near you?

#$%$...If this doesn't send a Message...I don't know what will?  I'm dragging my money home tomorrow!

The idea is to tax the Russian mafia money that comprises approximately 50 percent of the deposits in all of the Banks in Cyprus.  That way, the German bondholders won't have to take any losses.  Unfortunately, Russians don't take kindly to having their money confiscated.  This will get extremely ugly.This is what you get when you have amateur politicians making big boy decisions, for lobbyist money. Who is a true Patriot anylonger? Who is looking out for their countries best interests in this world? No-One!

I smell a bank bailout!

I'm surprised Obama hadn't thought of that first,probably next on his to do list. You know the "do" list that never gets done.Not even the Constitution worries him.

I live pay check to pay check, what savings. Yeah I know, everyone else has thousands dollars in their savings.

If the Democrats in this country throw a fit over a 2.3% budget cut (which was really just a cut to the increase in our phantom "budget"), then you can bet they would jump at a chance to actually get away with something like this...the greedy swine.

Obama is in the white house now saying "I can do that" ?

So one hand of the government insures your deposits so that other government employees can steal it to secure thier salaries and benefits.I guess the socialists have run out of other peoples money.

The poor will always pay the rich. The rich is always above the law.

Dont trust banks, dont leave money in banks, only leave enough in to cover bills

If worked at a Bank that pulled this I would not show up to work, for safety is worth more than a job.It is totally making sense. Why should the street people in Germany tighten the belts to help Cyprus but not Cyprus people themselves? They should have the idea earlier for Greek, Italy, Spain, North Ireland, and one day in USA.If the politicians believe that a country needs to borrow, they must take sacrifice by paying double taxes and cutting the expenses 10 times more than other people.

Of course, the Cypriot banksters' bonuses remain intact (we should thank the Wall Street fraud bailout for setting such a wonderful precedent).

there trying to control the worlds money  and there just about there

wow...just seize the accounts.#$%$ is going on in this world..what would you do if Obama said...Im gonna have to just take 10% of your money...what would happen? What would you do?

Nervous euro holders are converting to dollars and buying gold for security. Big support for the dollar, huge transfer of capital into the US economy and a rise in gold prices.However the effect on the US economy is a bit like a steroid injection. The strength won't last.

A bank run is guarranted. Cyprus will either put in place strong capital controls to keep people from taking their money out or European taxpayers will foot the bill via the printing press of the ECB

Never trust the government.

#$%$, Cyprus just gave Barak a new idea.

It already IS here, just in the form of bank fees.  They can take fees out of anyone'account and we are loathe to stop them.

This seems like a set up, ask for more than you know you can get then settle on something less and the people will think they got a deal, after they accept it you can raise it a little at a time with less push back, kinda like the gas game raise it 50 cents then lower it 40 and everybody thinks they got off easy. it's just getting it started thats the tricky part.Time to start saving under the floor boards again I"d say, by far less risky than corrupt banks. The draw back is most everything is direct deposit so they got us. Coming to a country near you soon. Welcome to the NWO or Hell which ever you wanna call it.Just a matter of time

We can tax the rich at 100% and only knock out 65% of the deficit, so asset seizure makes liberal sense. Won't it be fun to be a peasent.

"Banksters" need to﻿﻿ force﻿ the real estate﻿ market to have a mini﻿ boom. The rise in housing prices and actually selling some of those losses on their books will Increase the Banksters Balance Sheets.

The EURO is teetering on collapse. WHY ELSE do they NEED to steal the money!???

Could the loan of the 2.5 Billion two years ago? by Russian Banks made  to Cyprus? have been a? PAYOFF so the Money Laundering Continues???

This is what happens when your country doesn't have it's own central bank.  Could it happen here?  Probably not, it would hurt the thieves who run the Federal Reserve more than anyone, so they are unlikely to allow it to happen.When my wife told me about this I pretty much freaked out.  Running the banks is a big deal and giving people their money (from the bank) is a mathematical impossibility.  So few people understand fractional reserve accounting that the majority of people haven't understood the potential severity of this crisis.  It's much more serious than losing 10% of your savings.  Losing $10K (U.S.) would upset me, but a run on the banks would freak me out.

The banks around the world have done so much damage to so many economies and no one is held responsible for this mess. Now they want to steal peoples saving?? Well the outcome will be no one will trust banks there for a long time.

MY WORD!!!!!!!  what a blow.....so how is this different from Obama Care--3.8% of any capital gain sale?  Government gone wild!

Sneak preview of what's coming here in the US. The current administration has an eye on the trillion's in 401's &amp; private accounts to further their agenda. Share &amp; spread the wealth is real.

It's too late to change your mind / You let laws be your guide.the bush bust just keeps going and going and going.now they have the power to just take your money.thats bad really bad.not capitalism  democracy or freedom.if your going to steal peoples money at least give them something in return.

Coming soon to a country once called the United States of America - now the Socialist United States of America.

thats coming here soon if we continue to vote democrat.

Obama supporters watch this real close.

I think it's time to buy more Silver, and if I can afford it Gold.

whats going on in the world today. with all these bailouts and governments trying to shore up the economies should tell us something. our economic system is not sustainable and is going to fail.

they didn't save that

well this is the shot that should be heard around the world.pull the cash out of the bank, because the government is going to bank rob it.

...coming to an American near you!It's a part of OWEbama the MESSiah's health bill! No one ever mentions that bazillion side effects of it!

Yes, Virginia, it can happen in the USA.  When it really hits, most people will be willing to take the mark of the beast to get their money back.  Let's put our trust in the bank that will never fail.  Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.  He said ..."without me, ye can do nothing." St.John 15:5This should be the last straw when citizens take up arms and have a revolution.  Oh wait, the government already thought of that and took all of their guns before they did this.  Oh well, looks like they'll just have to bend over and take it now.  Oh well, people get the government they deserve.

Here in America we call it ATM fees

We have people that believe that all money belongs to the government. You never have possession of you gross wages - only your net wages which is the money the government allows you to have (your allowance).

to all think that cant or wont happen to us hmmmm .I guess you are gonna have to  start putting the money in the backyard to hide it from the thieves

Gold and especially SILVER.   Time to give yourself more than just a token allocation.   Physical.   Held safely OUTSIDE the financial system.

It won't happen to us here in America since most people don't understand what savings are.

If you have money in ANY European socialist country's bank....RUNNNN! Before its TOO LATE!!  The socialists have been STEALING your wealth for years. ...RUNNNNN!

That was a justified but also really stupid decision. The sacred cow has been slaughtered. Now, next time there is a crisis somewhere, it is likely there will also be a bank run. Germany may have saved 5-6 billions from the EU taxpayers (peanuts considering EU GDP), but a future price to pay may be much much higher.

Serves the big accounts right anyhow for not buying gold and silver.

The banksters, likely the politicians as well,  may be getting close to an American Spring, for a merry recompense to be had by everyone else.The Turks must be laughing their tails off at the Greeks and western Europe.

So here in US we get 0.1% interest on our savings  With inflation eating away at our meager incomes, the banks here are bleeding us just like in Cyprus.

This just shows you cannot trust the banks. Hide your money from the banks and goverment.

The 72 IQ Blakk Rheetard is close to masturbating himself to death after the concept of a 'levy' became known, slowly as always, to his Rat chimp brain. He's got 300 lawyers scheming to try and figure out how to 'Executive Order' the same Thief Tax here.

Guess what, Russians &amp; other foreign investors have had a free ride in your ,whatever, and now that almost all that supported this sham is gone; your finances are in jeopardy to make your local whatever survive due to negligence on your nations part to control the inevitable; stop thinking someone else gives a #$%$ about you,  just because you go about your daily life, like in the Matrix, huh??

How can anyone say "On one level, you could argue this deal is good news" when this deal says that if you have money in the bank they will just simple take it. I would rather have a gun pointed at me than a tank when they are robbing me.

OK, so if I'm going to have to stuff my savings into my mattress, what type should I opt for??  Obviously a water bed is out as well as an air mattress.  I guess I could try one of the Temperpedic types, but I'm leaning toward a good old fashion spring mattress instead. Any suggestions would be appreciated.

Let's see... Cyprus is making this draconian seizure just to keep their government debt below 100% of GDP by 2020. But wait! Our own US debt already passed 102% of GDP last Sept. 2012 -- seven years before Cyprus! Wow our US debt is already far worse than tiny Cyprus. Way to go Obama! Let's just hope 0b0z0 doesn't decide to seize 10% of all American's bank accounts too.

In America, Democrat's line up to pay their fair share. I guess not so much with European's?

This idea of punishing savers is completely unacceptable. I say NO, NO, NO, a thousand times NO.Well, well, well people, Shades of what's to come from Your president, barama Hussein.

Here is what the middle class needs to do, steal from the rich. every cent they have.

translation:  governments are overrated

I wish they WOULD try that here in America.  You thought we had issues with the NRA now... if they tried that, I would GLADLY join the NRA!

US already confiscated my saving account that is my social security retirement fund when they borrowed money from social security fund to bank roll Veitnam war. Who know next war they will ceases my saving accout to fund that war.

coming to the USA soon, with love from obama

Make no mistake - this is exactly what the GOTP wants to do to funnel your money into their corporate coffers!

How much deficit reduction did the gop and the bush admin accomplish during their 8 year reign? None, 7 debt ceiling increases, 3 wars, 3 new government programs, homeland, tsa and a socialist drug program, increase defense spending by 100%, lost the 250 billion surplus, and80 billion in foreign aid, 80 billion in oil subsidies (corporate welfare) annually. Now they want to take it out of the hides of the seniors and local communities so not to tax the wealth 1% that they work for!! Fft america

Well naive conservatives guess what the gop is doing with attempting to voucher the social security and medicare program? Same thing? 3 tax are paid from every paycheck, federal tax, medicare tax, social security tax. Now they want to pay for bush stupidity by cutting and gutting the programs which are currently solvent if the gop kept their hands out of them..... Fft for all the conservatives over 35 who paid into the program you are going to get laid by the gop.......

The 1 % steal an we just set there. When will it be time to stand up. PeopleMargaret Thatcher once said: 'The trouble with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money'We understood this in the 80s after the mess of the 70s, but we seem to be doomed to making the same mistakes all over again.This time they are going even further - last time all they did was tax and spend until the whole system ground to a halt, now there is outright theft!You will notice no-one is talking about fixing the actual problem of overspending, just 'taxing' so that they can then borrowing more. This is going to happen again and again.

Poor Mario Draghi...the most hunted man in Europe today...any other stup*d taxideas ...LOL

pay off your mortgages quick,dont save too much in the Bank,try to use cash not a credit card,these #$%$ in power are going to try every trick in the book to avoid using their own money, and you and I are the ones they think should pay

nowhere to run no place to hide

I am born here, I lived here all my life, but I hate Cyprus. In 3 years a did lots of sacrifices and I saved 5000 euro. This is all I have. And now these thieves will take my savings. Shame on you that you don't care about poor people. Our own kill us!!! This is not a European country. SHAME!!!

10% from assets of Buffet, Gates, Liberal Hollywooders and Pelosi politicians...might have something there.

Why is Cyprus the only bankrupt country taking this hit by the IMF and EU leaders???  Probably to get the Russian deposits (nearly 50% of the total accounts)  and rein in the 'clearing house' corruption...  But it will hit so many, including soldiers from foreign coutries who are stationed there...  And many UK retired people move to Cyprus where it is more affordable...  If I were the Cypriots, I would encourage the entire country to sigs down in the streets and do nothing in a general strike...  The EU can not afford to let Cyprus fall, it would damage them even further...  I still feel it's down to the Russians...

This will soon enough become an annual and escalating levy, not just in Cyprus, but eventually in other overstretched eurozone nations, (Spain and Italy for sure) as well as the UK.Politicians never miss a trick to bleed the middle classes of every last penny, so as to prop up their bloated organs of state.Europe is still far behind Argentina in stitching up its peoples, so watch this space for yet more deleterious forms of financial onslaught, such as nationalising pension funds.

How much CASH do you have right now?  On you or in your home?  Our economy is an electronic farce.  Our money can be shut off like a light switch.

Yes, Virginia, it can happen in the USA.  When it really hits, most people will be willing to take the mark of the beast to get their money back.  Let's put our trust in the bank that will never fail.  Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.  He said ..."without me, ye can do nothing." St.John 15:5most of this money in Cyprus comes from criminals and tax evaders.  Who cares?

american soldier's funds &lt; gifts to foriegn countries.....middle class americans...oh wait we're on the extinction list.

if this goes through, then the reaction is to withdraw your money from the bank, and then you have a bank crisis.

Never even had a savings Account ! Come to think of it, I don't even have a bank Account any more !  No money, no need for a Bank !

When you have communists running a government and they seriously brought the country to this stage, what do you expect?As soon as the new president was voted, he had to face all these economic problems that the previous government left behind.Previous presidents didn't have any of these problems.The previous government and those big sharks that totally ruined the country must be put to jail.

well right now in cyprus they will take that much out of its ecomy from so many people first of their banks now will never have enough deposit now as im sure even after they pull their ill gotten gains, the depositors will withdraw all their money when banks open and dry them up. what happen when they have no banks????????   next they have basically frozen everyones assets  by closing atms and not having banks open so basically there holding people's money that had nothing to do with the banks decisions.  and which country is next as this set a presedence that its ok to dip into private citizens saving to harbor and pay for the crooks at the top, to continue to steal from us. ill be closing my acounts i hope to see everyone do the same thing to show these bank we are tired of there crooked ways.

I wonder if this is a ploy to get depositors to put their money in our overvauled stock market?

Corruption... Fraud &amp; Theft....  = THE NEW NORMAL!!!!!

Bank run much going on.. NOooo. Everything's fine, nothing to see here.

Who cares, really?It would be a Big mistake to do this, as people will lose confidence, and cause bank runs like in the 30s.      It would be better to find another way

We the people need to band together from this tyranny called goverment, thieves, manipulaters, and dictators,  together we can stop this divided we fall!

Agree with many below - this is the canary in the coal mine - but now I see Jeb Bush pandering for his run - ok with illegals &amp; associated medical expenses that we pay for - ok with handouts - ok we go broke??

And they call this a solution?

Oh yeah.  Bend over, touch your toes... here comes big bad government... ooh yeah. Thank you sir may I have another.

This may "work" for the banks and government of Cyprus ... in the short run.  In the medium and long run, though, who in their right mind would even think about depositing money into any Cypriot bank?  I'll bet one answer is -- not the Russians!

This seems so simple to me.  Deposits are insured up to Euros 100,000.  The banks have loses.  The loses should be paid for out of the funds that are above and beyond the $100Ke limit only.  That is both the definition of Insurance (on funds deposited under $100Ke, and Risk (on funds deposited without insurance coverage)

justified theft.. period.

Lucky for us the Majority of Americans elected SMARTER leadership...Forward 2013.

Nine years ago I had a friend who worked as a broker for Merrill Lynch.  He was successful, but worried about his deferred comp plan that was 100% "invested" in Merrill stock.  We all saw the stock go from over 50 to 2 and then be taken over by B of A.  His wife was from Cyprus and they went there often.  And then he decided to build a home there for "retirement"...wonder what he thinks now?  Life has dealt he and his wife a cruel double-whammy-it's so sad.damn... guess I'm moving to Mexico... hopefully the US dollar is still able to get me a castle in Mexico... cause it isn't going to be worth much in the future...

The "BROKE #$%$" Europeans are 'bailing out' Cyprus?

"...small depositors should not be hit **as hard** as others.Meaning the govt WILL confiscate savings from EVERYONE.  I'd be dumping ALL my cash to payback any on my own loan debts ASAP. Better my cash to pay back my debt over the govt's

Of course the online articles about this finally start hitting the US sites after the markets are closed. This isn't new news.

If the Government works for us, then why don't we have any say when it comes to how much they get paid?

War on government officials whom try to steal your savings, they must give up every thing they own. Start a barter system, let them keep their paper and plastic cash, the story at face value tell you it's worthless, the hope is you keep trading for it. Gold and silver only.

Biggest problem with euro is the noncompatibilty of the differing currencies. Before the euro it was something like this. At home i have 100 dollars but if i go to a smaller country the value of my money could have more value. Like in america when you make more money in new york city. If you go to some small town in one of the south states. You still have the same 100 dollars but the value is differant. You can buy a home for 500.000 dollars in one place or 80.000 in another for the same house. This goes for most everything to just give an idea. Any way europe had differant money someone comes up with a plan to try to combine all the differencies with all the differant values into 1 currency with 1 value. That would be like making the person who was going to pay the 80.000 now have to pay the 500.000 but you are still being paid the same. Again very basic to simplify. The people who come up with the plan i believe become very rich through all the currency conversions so much money so many conversions so many differant values. I believe though it was to try to beat the dollar for value. Which it still does. At one time even into the 90s the dollar was the one currency everyone wanted. Any way then all the financial issues all over the world. The bailouts. The banks and governments causing it but taking peoples personal money and giving it to the bosses of the failed companies and banks. Then they say oh not enough taxes so we must raise taxes. And when that is not enough then they take more. Then they spend more but have to raise taxes again. America was not like that but looking now i think you will have the same problems.

Why are they called Banksters again?When they take money out of private accounts it's called a bailout.  When a citizen takes other people's money it's called robbery.  One sports a suit and tie while the other wears a mask.

It's easy, just tell the banks in Cyprus to tell everyone it is to cover bounced checks and ATM fees. Because anyone who has dealt with a bank knows than an ATM fee leaves the same taste in your mouth as ATM.

and the right wing in the US has led us down this same road.....  beautifulThis is what happens when you let capitalists run everything

It is interesting how everyone on this board is combining Government with Bankers as if they are one in the same.  They are not - not even close. Bankers are capitalists in the extreme.  They don't want small government - they want NO government.  No oversight, no regulations, nothing to impair their businesses.  Cyprus is what you get when you have weak, ineffective oversight of a banking system.  They gambled despoitors monies on speculative investments and lost big.  Loses so huge that the Euro banking insurance system is refusing to handle them.  The lesson here is that small gov't or no gov't can be very bad at times - and this is one of those times.

Gun Owners Please explain to me what you are going to do with your guns???  I don't own one but I will gladly go buy 10 o them if anyone can give me one use for a gun when the banking system takes 10% of my accounts?  Who or what am I going to shoot?  The bank clerk that works as a teller?  The bank president that probably lives 1000 miles away?  How about the bank owners, who just might be you if your own any mutual funds that invest in banks (and 80% of them do).  Hell, I would buy a grenade lancher if I thought it would help but I really see zero use for it in a banking crisis......

The rich never pay for their mistakes.That is what middle class is for.

Take a good look America - Obama would do this immediately if the liberals controlled the house and the Supreme Court. They still need to confiscate our weapons first, and they are moving in on that as well.

90% of all funds in the Cyprus banks are Russian off shore criminal assets of Putin`s accomplices. Do you have much sympathy to the biggest modern criminals and corruption? Me - not!

Sounds like something the current administration would do so they can continue their spending spree.

The revolutions never comes with a warning.

This is how we will pay for Obama Care, They wont ask their just going to take it one way or another....

OMG, don't give the Republican's any ideas!!  I could totally see Boehner and his colleagues voting yes on a similar action.Wall Street is culpable. Goldman Sachs pieces of #$%$ restructured Cyprus debt, whisked them into the EU and hid their true finances... all for a fee and to in debt the country to the banking cartels.

Good way to ensure that the banks will lose customers

Well if it is true that Cyprus banks have been used by europians to avoid paying taxes then 10% is not much comperad to what they saved in many years by not paying taxes in countries that the depositors are from.Cyprus banking system is 800% of their GDP so mostly foreignersare affected. They should do that around the world so rich would stop hiding  their money in foreign accounts so they wont have to pay taxes.Start with Cayman Islands would be good start.