But, but, Obama has consistently told us the economy and job market is getting better!  I do not understand how this could happen?  I know Obama would not lie to us, would he?.....................(sarcasm intended)....................OK, all of you Obama lovers, attack! I'm ready for you! LOL

"The unemployment rate counts residents who are actively seeking work and does not include every resident who is out of work."  Anybody else see the glaring flaw in that definition?  Only the government would call something the "unemployment" rate, and then admit it doesn't count all the unemployed.  Yep, we need more taxes from the "rich" as there's nothing wrong with government, it's running like a well oiled machine!

Forget the Jobs.....Just send the Checks.

It's all part of the master plan...this way they can tax the heck out of the rich and call it for the common good.... The rich pay by far the most in, but they should pay it all in........ just ask the Liberal hacks that arent afraid to spend other peoples money!

funny thing, you start counting them and guess what. THE NUMBER GOES UP ! duh

Of course, this phenomenon mirrors the national unemployment rate also. Count those who've given up looking, and the US has a 15-20% unemployment rate (Greece is 25%). A fact the Propaganda Dept and the Regime DOES NOT want you to know, until it's too late. Plus it makes Obama look bad.

Well this unemployment seems fixable and quickly. 11 million illegals and assuming 30% of them are WORKING all we have to do is evict them and employ Americans. Btw if there are 11 million illegals and few are working.................who is supporting them? Us? wouldn't it be cheaper to deport them and employ Americans paying taxes? This Gvt (both side) is so guilty os misleading America for profit.

I thought there was no debt/unemployment problem in America? At least that is what Mr. Obama and his party have said. Just heard some Senator say it the other day on TV oh yes and Ms. Pelosi too. whats up?

people who don't qualify anymore are not counted. the govt  really should use better examples of the real problem with unemployment. the rate should be more like 15 to 20%

I was looking for the newly elected republican governor to be mentioned.... hmmmmmI don't understand how you just stop looking for work when things get tough. Some people are just simply lazy and they won't look for jobs until they are practically giving them away. Why give up a good thing like free unemployment entitlement money.

Only in the Alice in Wonderland world of the Obama administration and a dog like compliant media is bad news "good" and good news "bad."  It's very Orwellian and down right scary seeing the country you love being dismantled in front of your very own eyes.

I really hate this liberal media we have that makes 7% or even 8% unemployment seem like a good thing. What a crock of S%$^&amp;*

This really just window dressing.  Everybody wants to believe Mitch Daniels saved Indiana's bacon and brought us prosperity in a down period.  That unemployment number will only go up when more job predictions fall through.  Much like the state money surplus which is only found in projections of tax collections - there is no real proof of it.  The last time I checked, Indiana is continuing to raid public school budgets to keep the state running which does not equal growth.  I think it's funny that Governor Pence is having an ad war with his own party because the budgets are in such lousy shape.  Thanks, Mitch - I hope Purdue can survive your leadership!

How can almost half of america be on goverment aid unless they dont have a job.the facts are alot people in this country are out of work our goverment is not telling the people the real numbers.

All of the republican governors are bragging about their job creation.  Walker....no jobs...Haley ...no jobs...Daniels no jobs.... Minnesota  Democratic government unemployment in the low 5s.and we have unions and people make a living wage.  No right to work.

I wish the good folks in Indiana much luck on this, barrys "hope and change" has not been very kind to the the great hoosier state.

Imagine that, starving people with no more unemployment money coming in looking for work.Only in an Obama world does this say everything is wonderful.Today's good news :March 19 , 2013Eagle Industries - 300 Temp LayoffsHolmen AB ( International ) - 180Hanford Nuclear Reservation - 250 NoticesE. Kentucky University - Consider LayoffsSiemens - up to 1,400 Layoffs LikelyThe Quincy Public School District IL? - 13IPFW - 15Xstrata ( International ) - 100Honolulu-based Tetris Online Inc - 20Alabama's court system - 300 Layoffs Poss.Lewiston-Porter SD NY - Layoffs Poss.BlackRock Inc - Nearly 300

These Republican states are getting these free meals.

My opinion is our economic recovery is still shaky. Many have lost good-paying jobs and have had to settle for a job paying much lower wages.Indiana has a republican governor.

6 million s jobs lost since obama took office.......thats not a track record its a disaster.

Obama insists we're in a recovery.  Never mind the rising unemployment rates and the shrinking GDP.  Everything is just fine.

i live in the good ole state of indiana, the job number went up because the seasonal employment season started, the state parks, and amusement parks and what not. seeing as it is seasonal it is not considered actual employment (found this out the hard way when i was working for a company for a year and a half under seasonal employment, they cut seasonal and i tried to get unemployment, but because i was "seasonal" i wasnt employed so i wasnt eligible for unemployment benefits, if putting in 50 hours a week isnt full time employment i dont know what is)

Unemployment in red states has always been up. All they offer are  minimum wage jobs, so they go to Chicago for the good paying jobs.

Keep up the Great work Obama....

Ind. jobless rate jumps as Barack Hussein Obama remains in office.So basically this article's data proves beyond a shadow of a doubt, the Obama regimes lies every single month about the actual number of Americans actually unemployed.Boy......I hope I'm still alive to see what the history books have say about Obama.

So how's that "right to work" thing working out for you?   Never mind, we can see.

raibows and Unicorns are now to be painted in red and stars to be re-fasioned into hammer and Cicles....marching bands and expropriations of last of the remaining bourgeois for their "Fair Share"...lololol

wow..for the past few month it was all like, flowers and praises, rainbows and Unicorns...and now? Where is the great new economic deal by Karl Marks, Valdimir Lenin and BarOma??