Please, stay out of this mess US.

Obama if you really care about the citizens of the USA you will keep us out of this. This mess has all the trappings of massive blow back if you support the wrong side. We already have enough terrorists wanting to destroy America we do not need to add fuel to the fire.

There will NEVER be "PEACE AND FREEDOM" on this planet.Any talk about that subject, is an illusion or lie.

This is absolutely hilarious. Once again western nations feel compelled to supply weapons to radical Muslim terrorists.French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said "We are a sovereign nation."So is Syria and they have a right to defend themselves against a terrorist attack. Assad is doing what western leaders should have done in Afghanistan.

Note to USA: STAY THE FLOCK OUT OF IT!!!! }8^[

Ah, the Arab spring.  The smell of gunpowder and the hope of new jihads!

Why is it if I were to provide aid and comfort to Al Qaeda it would be treason but President Obama has been providing the Rebels with aid and is adding another 60 million in comfort? What do you call that?

The US needs to keep obama out of this. there is absolutely nothing to be gained for us by getting involved.

PLEASE do not send them any US arms, Mr. Obama.  Six months from now they'll be dragging some American's head through the streets, screaming "Allah hu Akbar!"

If it wasn't for our government, Great Britain, France, and their proxies in the Middle East Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey, Syrian wouldn't be in a civil war now. They tolerated the Assad regime for 40 years, what gives now? They're all gung-ho about removing Assad now, and destroying the country and its people in the process, why? It's very simple. This is not about supporting freedom for the Syrian people. It's about removing any threat that gets in the way of our government's interest and Israel's security in the region. Mainly Iran, Hezbollah and the direct support it gets from Syria. So, the original game plan was, first quickly topple Assad and his regime, then Israel attacks Hezbollah with all its military might. Once that's cleared out of the way, and Iran is isolated. Then they move for the final kill, and attack Iran freely with the help of the Gulf Arab countries. The original plan is now unraveling before their eyes. They underestimated the deep rooted hatred between Sunnis and Shias that has been brewing for centuries, and the hatred for the West for supporting corrupt regimes like the Shah of Iran, Mubarak of Egypt, and the Israeli occupation. Western countries are getting desperate now. They can no longer afford to hide their true motives. So France will eventually take plunge first, and directly attack Syria. Then Israel has been training for months to attack Hezbollah. So Israel will make its move this summer. If that phase of the plan falls apart, then expect the region will erupt in a war that may easily expand into a third world war. Russia and China are already involved, and are anxious to flex their muscles on the global stage, and redefine a new world order.Al-Qaeda on one side and Hezbollah on the other, why don't we let the extremists fight it out and kill each other......We could have a party afterwards?

stop arming Al Qadea Rebels

The story clearly states the place is flooded with weapons and conflict...yet we want to send more? great idea...(sarcasm)

Where's the outcry from our "compassionate" wackadoodle liberals?Oh wait, they're too busy bashing anyone in the US who is not them.

The U.S. is sitting on the sidelines for a change; and guess what; we'll be blamed for everything anyway.

Hmmm? Sounds like a problem for Syria.....................not us!

Don't worry about it, the administration has it all covered, and these guys are his buddies, he's GIVING Muhammad Morsi 16 of our brand new top of the line state of the art fighter jets, and 200 Abrams tanks, all at the expense of us, the US taxpayer, while they cut our own defenses (enter the sequestration whine) (Oh, by the way, they did not tell our "ally" Israel, they found out about that in the papers). This is the peaceful Muslim brothers at war with themselves, and when they are done with each other, they will turn on us, with the very weapons we supplied them. Think this won't happen? They don't cry death to Israel and death to America cause they like us. We need to wake up here.

Arm the muslim terrorists so they can take over another country when they take over this one. Most arms left over from Libya went to Syria and so on.

Serious question:  do you think if I got over there and showed up at an army facility, they'd give me supplies and a gun and let me shoot terrorists?

almost as many as Americans...depending on governmentto take care of them.Americans have no excuse...these peopledo!Let them kill each other! NO AID!

Yeah...let's give the Muslim rebels a whole bunch of weapons to prove we like them. Kind of like swimming with the crocodiles to show them your peaceful.

When war crimes become common in a war it leaves memories in the survivors.  That makes the peace after harder to maintain.

The arms dealers of the World are busy ---US, France, British, China, Russia, etc.  --- over throwing governments is big profits --- wonder why they are so upset when someone funds their overthrow---

some tell me how the hell you are going to keep arms from jihadist and alqeada,?for that matter where are these group getting their weapons now? they are not using toy bombs when they use suicide bombings

all the mf western governments are working for the big boss Israel----so they can finish Syria to move on Iran,Russia and China

"December is when it first became clear that the rebels had tapped into a new arms supply,"Yeah...straight out of Benghazi.

Can we have some surplus flow over here?

LOL yep so what does the UN do again? &amp; you want the USA to join you? UN = kidnapped or killed daily.

The plague of war in many cases by a plague of disease and this is a real and present danger.Already the SARs variant which is immune to most antibiotics has shown to have originated somewhere in the middle east.  Wonderful huh?Fine, let France and the UK get into the thick of it.  And let them go in and try to clean up the mess later.  The US has had its fill of wars...let's hope our leaders have enough sense to leave Syria to someone else.

Syria is not Afghanistan, but there is one thing they have in common, Sunni vs Shjjte.

Amazing how west is in a rush to supply rebels, knowing these people are not pure ally. Once they DO get rid of Assad, they will start struggling between each others group.That does not prove they are nice people - they still hate our guts. Just like it happened in Afghanistan - when USA was supplying Taliban to fight against Soviets, Soviets left, but taliban still held on to America's gold and weapons, which to this day is being used AGAINST our troops.Same thing smells here. They will take advantage of any arms coming in, when its free! But they will not give it back or destroy it. THEY WILL ...KEEP ..IT  ..!

And Barack is playing golf

Don't give guns to none of them people!

Iran helping Assad troops to kill Arabs?? Wow this is just wonderful.  The last dictator relying on Iran is like a blow to all the Arabs faces. Iran is a bunch of rats ran by rats.Iraq helping Assad.  What is wrong with this picture?  Does Egypt understand that they let Iranian president in their soil whom helps kill Arab?

Look at how the Arab Spring is turning out,then decide if we should get involved....

Wow, you just don't know how much I enjoy reading about Muslims killing Muslims. Makes me smile from ear to ear, knowing those Islamist idiots are thinning out their own species. Keep going guys, there's a lot more left.

......just tell me that the United States of America is NOT involved in this. We are a broke nation and cannot afford to be getting mixed up in all these nations problems.

Syria becomes the battleground of the Muslim people #$%$ against Sunni".The World's "proxy war" is officially beginning in Syria.  Russia, Iran and China VS: Europe, US and Saudi Arabia...this is literally setting the stage for a pre-World War III.

The world's in  a mess.

Has France finally grown a pair?

wars usually involve the 2 biggest kids on the block, and because of the last for years we are no longer in that group so who is it going to be?

Too bad for the average Moh 6Pack equivalent over there but it's not our problem. Let'em kill each other while we reconstruct our own country.

Ultimately - were screwd.What do you think the weapons will be use for.Maybe we can discuss this with them.

Arms flowing in from every direction to wo know who.  People killing women and children. Once this is over, they is going to be alot of investigations going on, and that will last for many years.  Hopefully the U.S. will stayy out of it. We don't need is another Ollie North episode

While the outcome remains difficult to predict,The outcome is easy to predict, more dead people.

Come on people $$$$$$$$$$ to be made,do you think that anyone has the concerns of the Syrian people on their minds? I bet you cavemen back in their day were arming other camps with homemade spears and rocks.It,s the nature of the beast. Look at Viet Nam as a good example,how much$$$$$$$$ was made there in a war WE WERE NOT ALLOWED TO WIN!! Could of been in Hanoi in 48 hours!!!!!

The international community has nothing to say about war crimes. They abandoned the Syrian people two years ago. You want them to settle it without help. They will, I am sure when the dust settles they will have plenty of rope for child and women murderers. Regarding the comment about Afghanistan, the #$%$ bag reporter left out the part about the U.S. abandoning the Afghanis after they whipped the Russians then wondered why the Taliban moved in. Idiots! France and England can't get quick cash as Syria barely produces enough to supply itself. But, unlike the U.S. they recognize that Arab Muslims don't forget easily, and may want some catch back for allowing Assad to slaughter their families. Take your choice, help now or fight terrorist later.Asaad needs to reach an agreement to step down for the good of his people.

French government are NUTS, they will suffer from jihadists themselves in the future. And why they fight in Mali now? Let them arm Mali "rebels" too then.

We can say not to go there all we want but it has already been decided long ago...We have lost our country...we help terrorists now..i have never been more ashamed

take away US citizens guns and give them to islamic A-holes....thats what stupid left wing idiots like Obama do...impeach impeach impeach...OBAMA is a traitor and needs to be removed, charged, tried, and executed for treason against the United States of America.

another "Fast and Furious" ?? lmao...

We borrow money from China to send weapons to Syria.China is using our money to send weapons to the other side in Syria.Aghhhhh !!! .... Please explain this to me ... My head just caught on fire !!!

Go covert ONLY.  Why publicize what we are doing unless it is to our advantage.

I don't agrees with Obama on Muslims but we needs keep him Presdent asNO ONE get free stuff from republican Presdents.

Please Obama, stay out of this mess that your weak foreign policies created in the first place.

Iran and Saudi Arabia have a direct interest in what happens in Syria.  US doesn't.  Why in the world is the west so completely obsessed with ME.  there are wars and conflicts all over the world.  Europe had its, Africa has its, and Asia has its.  Conflicts are best addressed by locals.Obama and his right hand man,Eric Holder have their gun running program,going strong into Syria,thats why the envoy was killed in Libya,becasue he was Obamas money bagman,and he was doubled crossed,but Obama has been raking in millions into his bank account,thats why the FBI has been blocked at every turn there,

This is JUST like World War 1...it was not about all these countries...but NOW IT IS....It was between the Syrian Protesters, and Assad's Government, NOW IT IS THE WORLD!!!! AND THEIR ALLIES!!!! AND THEIR ENEMIES!!!!!!!World War 4 is around the corner!!!!

The U.S.A., France and Britain are the main reason there war in Syria as well as most other places on this planet. white people are the cause of the strife on this planet and have been for about 500 years. Their greed and racism practiced to justify stealing and killing is beyond belief and they are in full denial of their very long tracking record of killing billions of people in the last 5 centuries for greed. Karma is a word that shall evetually haunt this nation because every deed has a consequence good deed' and bad deed.'

Exterminate the rat Assad!  Hunt him and his vermin-clique down to the ends of the earth if necessary.  Look into his beady eyes and see his pointy nose, whiskers and pointy chin.  You see pure evil.  He will stop at nothing to hold onto power.  A purely evil terrorist rat.  Death to Assad!

Starting to sound a lot like Vietnam...

The US struggled so hard to be different from the UK only to become them in the end. Today just like the British supported the confederacy in the US civil war we fund an unjust cause for rebellion. Just like the British Empire, we're fighting military campaigns all over the globe, oppressing our people and going flat broke in the process.

WW3

The Syrian government's bombing campaigns have to be some of the most indiscriminate/innaccurate bombing campaigns in the recent history of warfare. Kill two Free Syria Army soldiers....and 40-100 men, women and children civilians...while you level 500 year old Syrian neighborhoods and various infrastructure. This alone shows Assad's lack of qualification to be the head of the Syrian state...severe lack of compassion/ethics in warfare. We/the U.S.....may be guilty of this to a degree with our drone strike campaigns in Pakistan etc...but there is a serious effort/serious intelligence to avoid civilian deaths by the U.S. military.

Next will come the feet. Where there are arms, feet always come later.

Only 20% of Syrians need handouts, in the U.S. 47% get handouts.arm the syrian muslims. un arm american civilians. where is the common sense, unless odummer is setting us up for one big fall. REMEMBER YAMAMOTO, of japan, stated he would not invade the U S A because"there would be a gun behind every blade of grass".

This is NONE of our busines!  Remember how the Libyans showed their gratitude at Benghazi?!?

Good! Lets keep this going until both sides are wiped out.

Just like Obama sent the statue head of Winston Churchill back to England, he should also give back the Noble Peace  Prize.He has done absolutely nothing for world peace.

This Country Needs An NRA !  Protect Your Self and Your Loved One's ! The Police Will Be To Late To Help You !

Tell me what  the West can do to stop a people that don't flinch at the thought of death. In fact they embrace it chasing Mahamid.

Rebels don't want negotiations with regime. They insist on regime change first. Only negotiations will be between them, how to divide loot.Since they use residential neighbourhood as their bases, more weapons they have, less restraint will regime have in hitting them.

they should give up thinking weapons will solve and smooth out the way

America is so busy minding everyone Else's business, but just not here, wonder why?

this is war of saudis and iran their proxies so we need to stay out of this leave them aloneThis looks like the Spanish Civil War of the 30's.

Assad will pursue and smash every Sunni terrorist entering Syria with his iron fist.

When groups like Hamas and Hezbollah supports and arming Syria's rebellion, the western countries should stay far far away.Or on the other hand I would like to see the politicians to start to be responsible for their deeds. These so called rebels did attack and killed Americans in the past and if they achieve power it will be worst. Until today not a singel American politicians has been sent to jail for responsibility about 9-11. Now, the government semi-openly support radical Islam?We have debt, we have job issues with the country, economy is upside down but our government supports &amp; spend billions on the people who swear on daily bases the destruction of the USA. This is a radical Muslim rebellion, not regular citizens.Shame.

Just like we decommissioned the USSR's weapon cache (which ended up in terrorist hands). We will soon ban our assault rifles here and guess what, we will send over the collected firearm,s over there! Any one else see this corruption scheme going on or do you always believe what the car salesman tells you?

It's a lose lose situation. Israel will survive, they can take care of themselves. Why do we need another Iraq or Afghanistan? Let's learn from the recent past and let the Arabs settle their own problems. Aren't you all tired of this?

Iran and Russia are backing Assad in the killing of civilians..........Europe needs to get involved or the refuges will be flooding the streets of Europe in short order..........All you people who are calling for us to keep out of this are defending the actions of a Government to declare war on it's own people denying those citizens the right to defend themselves.........Watch out what you wish for it can easily come back to haunt you.

al-CIAda is very well organise and unlimited amount of dollars+euro(what the jewish bankers are printing)

America fight the unnecessary fights and doesn't fight the necessary fights.

We have so many outdated arms, why not drop them over there !

let all those people do the dirty jobs, America you done enough for the past decade, time for vacation here at home.This is really a war between the forces of good and the forces of evil in the world.  The fighters in Syria are all probably evil, but the fact is, this war is primarily between Russia, Iran, and China against the United States, Britain, France, and all of the other NATO countries (and even some Muslim countries too).

I hope Russia will send also weapons, to Iran and Syria. If everybody wants arms there, better Russia to delever, urgently. 50 nukes to Iran and 50 to Assad. Syria is already under fire, no need more fire. Or, if it needs, so put there final nuke fire.

BY GOD! DON'T YOU THINK IT ABOUT TIME to spill a little American blood? Send in the Marines! Send in the Army! Send in the Air Force! Send in the Navy! Let's get into another war! How about that sports fans!?

If France continue tough talk turns into actual military support, or into supplying heavy weapons to the Zionist backed Syrian terrorists, THEN Iran and Russia will arm and support the Muslims fundamentalists in other area SUCH AS CHAD which France military directly involved. FRANCE GOVERNMENT SHOULD LEARN THAT FOR ANY ACTION THEY UNDERTAKE THERE WILL BE  AN EQUAL REACTION.

I hope the US doesn't get involved. We don't have the money to start another cold war

The west should sit this one out. It is turning into the shi'ites versus the sunnis and they want no part of the west. Keep feeding them arms and ammunition so that this will drag out as long as possible. That way they will kill off as many of their own as possible and it will take them that much longer to get around to fighting us or our allies, the Israelis. Give War a chance!

From the looks of it, So many countries arming one or the other in Syria, This looks like the start of WW3, The center staging ground.

How about we send both sides a thermonuclear device.  We can airlift them in with a B-2 and drop them from about 50,000 feet up.

Syria a mess, Libya a mess, North Korea a mess,  Iran a mess, Egypt a mess. Our Walmart President has the worst foreign policy strategy (assuming he even has one) of modern times. Today these maniacs announced they were increasing missile defenses on the US West coast to counter North Korean threats. Think about that...it is a tacit decision to do nothing unless we are fired upon. Madness.

Oh the Horror who's cutting off the ams?Where exactly is Syria?Is it some where near California, or a little further south?Why should I even care where Syria or California is located.

Holly what is going on? Assad use the chemicalsAssad look what the EU did to gaddafi. They killed him. Looked what the UN did to Saddam they killed him. Look what the USA did to Bin Laden, they killed him.

Didn't we help armed an Afghan rebel named Osama bin Laden? How did that turn out?

Smuggling weapons (WMD's) into Syria! Unheard of!

This is NOT our war.. They hate us in the middle east. Leave them to duke it out and this will keep the terrorists and nut cases busy.. Iran will also be distracted somewhat and Hasbullah will be getting their forces reduced.This is a war pitting one extremist group against extremist countries.

This is called priming the pump--I see a bad moon rising!

It is obvious, that Obama doesn't care about these women and children, mostly Muslims.What a hypocrite for a human being.

Live free or die.  At least that what the prisoners in New Hampshire say.

It's not difficult to predict.  Assad will hold on for another year or so and when he sees his death approaching he will unleash his chemical weapons.

The Israelists who are formulating US foreign policy have successfully shifted th US post 9/11 anti-terror war from targeting the Sunni jihadists resposible for the 9/11 attacks to the Shia regimes in Iran and Syria who had nothing to do with the attacks. But they do happen to be the primary adversaries of Israel. How convenient.The UN is the second most useless organization in the world.The most useless is the US Senate.

good grief. how dare syria be governing in un-western ways. how dare non-western people be acting, well, non-western. obviously they need to economically trouble western countries to waste more money arming whatever idiot rebels exist there.

.....maybe a few from Benghazi.

Why is it that there is no BAN on military Automatic Rifles, after all, these are responsible for the most killings on this planet.Waddya think about that Barry?

But don't forget, Obama has Israels back.Obama won the Noble Peace Prize, for what?He either sits around watching it all, or he himself gives the "HIT" order.This guy is supposed to be a world leader?Champion of peace and freedom?Could've fooled me.

when will people WAKE UPMONACHY is NOT the problem in the middle east, its the CULTURE permeated by ISLAMwe helped the muslems in afganistan, they turned in USOBAMA helped the people in LIBYA they turned on usOBAMA backed.supported the uprising in egypt and they the DEMOCRATICLY VOTED for a THEOCRACY based on ISLAMIC LAWSPakistan IS a DEMOCRACY, andddd they VOTED FOR ISLAMIC RULE!its NOT the gov'ts of these places thats the problem its the PEOPLE who VOTE to return to the middle agesand WHYYYY do they do this, because from CRADLE TO GRAVE they are told its not only thier RIGHT but thier OBLIGATION to kill or DESTLRY ANY AND EVERY THING NON ISLAMIC!and you people can PRETEND that's not true, but when THOUSANDS of them turn out to DANCE and CELEBRATE when when a pregnant woman and her unborn child is murdered the evidence speaks for itslef

Arms have been flowing into my house, legally for now, since Dec. 14th.

Another civil war successfully started by the Nobel Peace Prize winner in Chief.

What we need to do is give them all better arms and contain them until they have killed off everyone or get tired of being at war. Put a lien on their natural resources to pay the expenses.

Iraq is essentially arming both sides, what a world, they never learn.the sandbox...

"We have to go very fast," - to make some money off of this tragedy.@ Freedom - you are correct.

soon as al queerda takes over, all the arms will be used against us...we haven't learned anything from the "so called" arab spring in other countries.

HA AHAH!Sounds like Compton, California...

The CIA overthrew the govt of Syria in 1952.  The US imported voting machines that didn't work because the current was too irregular;  signs encouraging people to get out and vote baffled the locals because they didn't say who to vote for;  the newly elected Syrian president informed his US handlers they should now address him as "vous" instead of "tu" and began acting like a Syrian dictator.   What the Syrians learned was how to overthrow the govt, which happened regularly for a decade until Assad Sr. took over.

Slowly but surely the Islamists are encircling Israel.  Once established there will be a repeat of the 1967 war

This is payback for destroying our trade towers. You hate America? Not as much as you hate yourselves. Have at it.

Assad aka the DOG days are numbered and will be hanged soon before this summer .

Happens every time church and state collude.

easy advice. it is much easier to negotiate with someone in a suit than with someone wearing rags, sporting a 42 foot beard and carrying a kalashnikov.Why the west should arm the fighters, the effort should be the next year election like the Syria President promised

The western nations bomb another Muslim country, the residents flee the violence, then these same western nation complain about these muslims coming into their country.

Hey Feinstein, Syria needs gun control not us!!!

We can stay out of it and Obama himself can stay in it by himself.

The USA's and friends covert presence started long before the conflict began and is a driving force in the conflict. They are not the only Muslin Brotherhood friendly rebels we are supporting.

Turn their land into a single sheet of glass. Or send zero money, food, anything to that nation. Or both.

Propaganda. Neither Saudi Arabia nor Qatar will do anything without US authorization. Of course those dictators from Saudi Arabia and Qatar are pushing for democracy in Syria and not autocratic dictatirships imposing Sharia law.

Liberal Logic---We're not to judge Muslim countries by the acts of a few "crazies," but the acts of a few American crazies is enough to judge all Americans who own guns...

assad is better than the rebels. supporting dictators for arabs is the most peaceful outcome. arabs are too stupid to run a country which is why representative republics will just fail there. they should let the jews run the region. the only sane people there

Let's stop getting oil from and giving money to the sheiks.Syria is not a terrorist nation. Syria has nothing to do with al-qaida. Syria has did not take part in the 9/11 conspiracy. Syria is not making a nuclear bomb. Syria is not invading any of its neighbouring country, syria is not supporting any terrorist organization. Syria is not firing rockets into israel. Syrian president assad is not a routhless dictator. Syria is a peaceful nation. Two years back, before the start of this "planned &amp; arranged uprising", there was "life, peace &amp; freedom" in syria. President assad &amp; his military was not killing their people everyday. Muslims &amp; christains in syria used to have mass weddings ceremonies together. However, in the last 24 months thanks to usa, uk, israel, france, etc. One (1) million people are homeless and living in other countires (as beggers) in reefugee camps and 60,000 people are dead. Now france and britain are planning for more blood-shed by supplying arms to their rellel groups. Why should france &amp; britain interfare in the internal affairs of a soverign nation. What right they have to destroy peace in another country. They don't care as long as muslims in ohter countries are being killed. The sad part is some muslim countires are taking part in this genocide in syria. When will this "dirty politics" stop. When will the common realise that peace and freedom is more important to live a normal life than taking part in protest just because they are told by some groups to do it and they find it a just cause. Look at what is happening in egypt, bahrain, yeman, libya, etc. Look how israel &amp; usa is still planning to start another war in iran. Look at how north korea is pushed to the wall. Open your eyes and see. When shall we realise that "war is not good for anyone, it is complete destruction of human life and it is full of sufferings !!!say "no to war" and "yes to peace and life"  !!!! Think about your children and your grand children !!!!

hezbolah, iran ,syria assad ,,,, ,, all evil muslums

what a web of lies jewish media is weaving

West will pay a long and bloody bill for its mistake in Syria. Thousands of super radical Wahibis and AlQaeeda people from different nations are passing train and receiving arms there.

Too silly and heartless.. arm them in syria becoz u hate assaad and want to show millitary might,and use them to kidnap french nationals and kill them in cameron, nigeria,gambia etc !! What gain is in hatred to assaad and gadafi????

"From every direction, arms for Syria" Sounds like the ground is being set for WW3.

STAY OUT OF SYRIAThe only winners here, are the arms dealers,BOTH sides hate us.Why would we want to spill more American blood, and finance it with another couple $trillions, we borrow from china?No true American conservative, can endorse putting us $trillions more in debt to the chinese,We should cut the military budget, for every dollar they spend in Syria.And force the President to FUND the war (ie, raise taxes)Like bush refused to do. THEN lets see how much support there is for another war?

Send feinstein over there, she will disarm everyone.

Yes....let's arm them today...so they can use them against us and our allies, tomorrow!!!

cewl, this is how world wars start, I am getting excited, hope they arm them mooslims to the max and send mooslims allover the world to fight in syriaObama's "leading from behind" seems to be working well if you want America to be marginalized and take a "back seat" to Brittian and France. Where's the Liberal outcry over our responsibility to stop genocide? Nothing hippocritical there!

I like the spring here in the good old US of A with the green grass, leaves popping out of their buds, cool air with a warming sun after a long winter, kids playing.I wonder what the "Arab spring" is like? Hmmmm...

just give them grenades....!!!1

Harry kneecaps you need your knee's caped if you know what i mean

The West have to stop Arming the Islamist Terrorist. Then there  won't be a problem with refugees and Islamist Terrorist- Al Qaeda

republicans and democrats are filth and #$%$... they should all resign now

"The one constant of this war has been more people dying and more people fleeing, so Mr. Hague appears to be laying the public ground for a shift. The UN refugee agency said registered Syrians who had fled their country surged to 121,000 last week, "But your ignorance does not note that these people are fleeing the territory held by the Islamists you are about to send weapons to. Do you think it is a coincidence that the same week rebels took over a major city is the same week 121,000 fled to refugee camps? They would rather be in those camps than be ruled by Islamists. So, keep  punishing Syrian citizens with taxes of your people.

French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said "We are a sovereign nation."A sovereign nation free to go about breaking international laws openly arming non-government entities? Western hypocrisy continues. The winners of this phase in the history of the earth will write the books telling how the western empire collapsed on the greed and expansionism of its leaders.

I'll bet Obama, kerryjane, and holder are getting kick-backs like crazy....!!!

We are lucky Obama is our Pres. and not G Bush.So after arming everyone and all is settled what happens to all the weapons?

There are $Billions to be made----It's a good year for arms dealers.

We had a civil war that is just natural who is in charge

Cool let's arm our enemies that will fix everything

So weapons aren't flowing from every direction, yet.

Leave them alone... Let them fight it out.  If the people had balls over there, there wouldn't be any "war"... They should have been armed in the first place, to fight-off the insurgents....

Saudi Government:   "Unemployed men (most who don't want to work an 8 - 10 work day), please go to uhh  Syria and fight the good fight.  Just don't think about any of that stuff (Voting.   Civil Rights.  Any kind of freedom.) here.  And you women --  forget it."

gas should be at $2 a gallon.  the saudi arabians are not our friends, and the oil traders should be in prison.

I just hope someone nukes Israel... Hopefully when  the American backed terrorists in Syria take power they will  do it

The west must impose a no fly zone all over Syria and bomb any weapons shipments to the Assad forces. The real intelligent solution is for US to take out Iran while Israel takes out Iran's proxies Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza. The alternative is to continue to do zero and face Iranian takeover of Syria ( with Russian blessings ) and Hezbollah takeover of Lebanon ( with Syrian active military assistance) and huge war with Israel and Iran !!!Sounds like NRA heaven.

Go rebels! Go Assad! Go Shia! Go Sunni! Root for all and aid none. The French have always aided those that would harm them and then sought protection from their stupidity with the blood and treasure of others. Why change now?

pals have #$%$ weapons to defend themselves but there to good for them in your minds , double standerd means double trouble

It doesn't get any better than this .... Muslims murdering other muslims ..... muslims destroying their own nations ..... all while Americans watch it on their TVs while sitting in their living rooms eating cheetos .... let 'em bleed themselves down to nothing .... let 'em wreck their countries and turn their homes into rubble .... they like living like that .....

One things for sure,  Russia and China can't get the arms over to Syrian troops fast enough. The 70,000 or so innocents killed have been killed by mainly Russian and Chinese weapons. Communists Suk !  (I include Russia in that category whatever they say they are)

Let them kill each other, because later on the will turn to the "infidels"...so the less they are, the better for the free world.

Devils hearts ! William hague ! How much more do u want dead in syria by arming rebels ?? Hypocrites!! French nationals being kidnapped and murdered by same islamists and france still goes a head to arm them ?? I thought its the africans who are that silly , but the whites and mostly french are too much stupid !! In somalia Alshabaab made their comando fart and runaway,like idiots, they are in asillywar in mali with islamists,,! How #$%$ is france ??

One minutes..these phony powers help Sryia move around their chemical weapons...next propanga video showing rebels shooting down helos and posing a m-16 during an ambush.  Today, everyone wants to sell bullets destroying their country inside-out.  Back to real deal local news.

the usa should stay out of this cracy war,may god bless the good people of siria.

go, go, go and save all that you can, arm every able bodied man, get the GD mess over with and install a peoples government, end of storyHow can Britain and France ,who at present is fighting the same Terrorist in Mali, want peace in Syria if they are sending arms to the same Terrorist in Syria? Perhaps this is modern thinking, but I still don't get it. Am I the only one here?

I love it because it make the Heebs #$%$!

The thing I hope happens here is that the blowback will get to Israel.... Sadly the  american ruling class likes to destroy certain other countries, but in the Syrian case it would be nice if the terrorists we are supporting would turn their guns on Israel as soon as they get control of Syria

There must be a s#1tload of amputees over there! Only arms? No legs?

NO US aid of any kind to Syria, either side. Keep US out of it.  A dead muzlim is a happy muzlim. Let's keep 'em happy.

why is no government listens to there people,STAY OUT UK DONT GET INVOLVED THEY WILL ONLY END UP KILLING US ELSE

when we arm rebels after they win their war they use the same weapons we gave them against us. we must be careful.

Now is a great time to let this play out without U.S. intervention. With that said, I wonder how long before we are involved_

From every direction, arms for Syria and they are entering every orphus.

Are we only going to give them handguns and shotguns? According to Obama and Biden, thats all they should need to defend themselves.Saudi Arabia? - Are we not supplying the Saudi's with weapons? Are they not just then turning it over the to rebels?

syria had a 20B surplus in their economy before this happen.. while the good ol USA is what? 20trill in the hole right now?

Ovomit has insinuated himself in every nation where the mudslime brotherhood can take over and radicalize. Does no one get the mudslime in chief will be bringing islam here next???? No one?

whats the differents if when you support isreal over pals when you refer to pals as violent and isreal as just

Western wind talking....... China and the Bear will not allow it.

Maybe THIS will be war to end all wars. It's in the area predicted.

Wow! I'm sure rhe comments of your di ct ator pro-tem Oboloney went along these lines.."Hmm, Syria needs guns but we can't let anyone know WE are supplying the "rebels" because we are outwardly supporting #$%$ ahds troops.." "I know the perfect man for this!"...picks up phone..."Eric? Yeah, Barry here. I've got (another) job for you.."

any sigle bollet is pay by tax payer obama with re-electd you not for you interven in other country afear with has allottes problem overhear stay away from them Qatar saudi arabia barhain turkey they are sponsores terrors let them takare that is france and uk good is time for theme to do something looke in libya with help those evil and looke what we gat nothing

Syria will now become merge with Lebanon to be come one large nation called Syrbanon. The Heebs will wish Syria never disintegrated.

Hopefully Syria, White Iran, and Hezbollah can exterminate every Sunni wahabbi Al-CIAda jihad terrorist who the western governments &amp; media said did 9/11. God bless you all &amp; thank you for fighting the War on Terror that Bush &amp; Obama both pledged to after 9/11, but are instead helping the 9/11 terroristsI wonder who is going to supply the American rebels????

in the words of a great american ,rodney king yyyy cant we just all get along,everyone should thank the person that took that video??and the russian who  sat at controls and stopped ww3 nuke war by not giving in 2 launch nukes when they miss interped a test missle launch by air force????he had right stuff as we would say,how many of uuuu got the right stuff???motorhomelasvegas

steve u just dont get it military ,industrial complex,not we the people??so n stead of building more misslecomplexs just buse the ones we have and neutralize ,evaporattttte the threat,or stop giving them food??thats a novel concept??raise the price of all food exports 2 same as petroleum and we would be outa debt n week??? look outside the window there a world of opprotunity to solve our debt crisis like puting bankers n prison 25 toooooooo life and they would stop trying 2 cercumvent,rules/laws???motorhomelasvegas

y worry about north korea its mccains,mconnols,reids,boehnerheads u should really worry about,rand paul isnt all that nuts???neither is his dad.motorhomelasvegas

Just wait till amerika loooks like syria???cant happen here its already happening 2 -3 hundreds times a day  just  not on news unless its like newtown???then u can blame that on the black guy n whitehous e/blackhouse??greed corruption has no bounds just look at j p morgan passn buck ???perjury  and that s y we should trust the banks and corporations,cia ,politicans,cops,itsd all a ponzi scheme,sonner ordaninary people admit it 2 themselves mabe we can get back our country ,otherwise im leavn n couple yrs at this point cuba sounds bettr???motorhomelasvegas

SO SEND REBELS STINGERS,VIA OLLIE NORTH REAGANS GO 2 GUY????we arent traden guns 4 drugs viseversa ollie and drip down wouldnt do that lol moa motorhomelasvegas

Who in the right mind would support terrorists??? Looks like the minds of politicians in USA, UK, France, Saudis and Qatar are worse then other nations. Saudis are know for the terrorism, now the other countries got on their level. Good lick World, we are in the hands of madmen.

Somehow the way The News are handling the Syrian situation reminds me how the nation was manipulated 11 years ago to believe and support the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and The People bought it. Now majority of Americans are crying to get the troops out. US Government sucks, but they sure know how to manipulate.

** why DEVIL-AMERICA is a big factor in the wars of the world**1. Devil-america fooled the world of democratic hypocracy.2. Devil-america fooled the world that they are the owners of freedom and that all people and countries should beg it from them.3. Devil-america originated all advanced war technologies that all countries have to keep up while fooling people of democracy and civilization.4. Devil-america killed leaders like gadhafi and saddam---so that this devil will be the only dictator left.** WE CAN ONLY ACHIEVE PEACE IF ALL PEOPLE WILL EITHER SUBMIT TO DEVIL-AMERICA OR ALL PEOPLE WILL SUBMIT TO ALLAH OR GOD--which is not happening**

focus on the stock market - the rest is all bs.Hell tell them kill each other, less of them we will have to fight in the future.

Let me get this right, we are helping Hamas, Alqueda and the Taliban in Syria while fighting them in Iraq and Afghanistan is that like peeing into the wind?

I still find difficult to believe what humans do to others humans, just because clans, idologies and greed..

Syria needs Dianne Feinstein.

Just this once, hope we are smart enough to steer clear of this cesspool.Let the barbarians kill each other, we will be better off.

I can see it now,the U.S. is going to be flooded with Syrians,and that piece of #$%$ in the whitehouse will be handing them anything they ask for.

Well on Mexico had been kill 70,000 mexican army need better weapons to figh the cowards Sicarios from the Cartels, Any Volunteeers??

Let me get this straight. Saud's backing the Syrian rebels, Iran is backing the Syrian government, our government is training the forces of Iraq who are backing the Syrian government with our weapons, but we are claiming to want the rebels to win. Screw this whole part of the world, let them blow each other to #$%$, let's stay out of it.

This war was started as payback on Assad. At one time Assad was allowing over 200 foreign fighters per day to fly from Damascus to Baghdad to fight Americans. He's just as bad as any other brutal dictator you can name. He would sell his own mother out if it meant he could gain from it. The rebel side is just as brutal and uncivilized. They are killing in the name of Allah--who will never provide them an invisible shield from artillery and air strikes. Whichever side starts losing we should help out so they keep on fighting each other.

A misleading title. From every direction. No, just Saudi Arabia &amp; Iraq. CIA in Iraq. 1 thing that does surprise me tho, Syria has a relatively large coastline. larger than Israel or Lebanon.  With all this talk of Austerity with meditteranian countries..Spain, Italy, Greece..I'm surprised there has'nt been a story of Refugee runners from those places. Greeks pull up to the Syrian shore at night &amp; take a boatfull away for a price. They're making their $ to fight austerity &amp; bringing them to a less-violent country (I'm serious about this subject).  Either way, trained fighters from the region. Where to get them from? hmm.  Where not? Over 20 years: Georgia, Chechnya, Lebanon, Iraq (any sect), Yemen, Libya, N. Sudan (Armenians &amp; Ethiopians get violent too in that warcrime way). 1 thing I learned tho. Theres something called a registered Syrian.  Those willing to give real names I guess.God bless Assad may he kill each and everyone on them terrorist /rebels and all the traitors who do not support the peacefull government of Syria. Amen.

Syria is a big miss. USA needs to stay out. As for the US, there is nothing to gain but to burn our tax money down in a hole.France and the UK are making a big mistake. They are hungry for quick cash because of their fiscal crisis.  If they get involved, it will be very easy for the opposite side to penetrate to France or UK, they are within close proximity. Then, the opposite side will blow up train stations, buildings, airplanes and god knows what.There are three forces within Syria that are fighting right now they are the seculars, the Sunnis fundamentalists and the Shiites fundamentalists.  Each group has millions and millions of followers. Which means that one group will be revenge if you take their rival’s side.

Great, lets arm the Muslim Brotherhood some more.Went great when we armed the Mujahidenn in Afghanistan against Russia....

The quickest way to end the suffering of Syrian people is to give the best arms to the rebels and let them crash the Assad regimen in a matter of weak or month.It is hypocritical to give non-lethal aid to rebels without providing means for them to defend themselves.  It seems we want them well fed before letting them be killed by Assad.

The US will definitely throw itself into the war because we need to be on top of everything. Drop the world police act when the US can't even run itself properly.

Dear Congress this is not your responsibility.

I love America...but this "we cant gain anything?, we arent helping" thinking is not right. America is great and to continue to show how great we are, we must help the world. Lets face it.. no body is going to focus on our problems anyhow. --Syrian/ American

I've been actively prophesying within the US from around 2004 to present (some of the events I depicted were the IO and Japan tsunami, hurricanes Katrina and Sandy, Amish and Newtown school shootings, as well as the Iran/US Naval incident; I was also a 'portent' for the events of 9/11) and have consistently received the 'silent treatment' amid implicit and otherwise threats, absence of reporting, and my requests for legal and medical counseling. One of my concerns is that the treatment I and others receive will reflect poorly on Israel, especially as there exists a popular sentiment that America is manipulated by Israel. Furthermore, as a main prophetic event was essentially a response to the Beslan incident, it often appears that the POTUS' activities, in regard to supporting events in Islam-centered nations, reflect a personal motivation that includes bias theological considerations. Furthermore, the notion that scandal amd abuse is tolerated would be more easily 'entrenched' as the hypocrisy and legal misconduct would diminish the capacity to effectively prosecute it.

Arms makers and sellers (including nations) just can't resist the opportunity to make money and trouble.

I agree about us staying out of hit, unless it could be like a Bin Laden hit or an "accidental drone strike" because we as Americans would like to see everyone free and happy....but.....people set in their ways...will always be set in their ways.People should unify much more in this country or else we will end up a wasteland.I can't wait until Obama is out.  I want Christie or Huntsman.

You know they could take out Assad whenever they want. They know about where he is and a few missiles later this whole thing would be over. So what is the motivation to keep this war going? Empowered masses? An attempt to get that area is a massive regional war? Bankrupt Iran?

Isaiah 17:1[ Proclamation Against Syria and Israel ] The burden against Damascus.“Behold, Damascus will cease from being a city, And it will be a ruinous heap.Isaiah 17:3The fortress also will cease from Ephraim, The kingdom from Damascus, And the remnant of Syria; They will be as the glory of the children of Israel,” Says the Lord of hosts.

The NRA should visit--They could do well over there.

No lesson learned from Afghanistan..A super AlQaeda will arise in Syria by Western train , money and weapon..How many 9/11 are on the way???

Jihad against Jihad ---- Cool!

The lying western media, has hidden the last year's exposure of the Obama Administration Overseas Fast &amp; Furious program of sending weapons to the same Sunni Al-Qaeda terrorists suicide bombing &amp; murdering in Syria, that our government &amp; media said did 9/11.Counterpunch has a great coverage article about it.  Google "Al-Qaeda Gate: Libyan Weapons to the FSA"

Hopefully Syria, Iran, and Hezbollah can exterminate every Sunni wahabbi arab Al-Qaeda terrorist, the same terrorist organization our government &amp; media said did 9/11, declared a War on Terror against, spent trillions of additional debt bondage to be assumed by the US tax slaves to the criminal bankers, and have maimed and murdered thousands of our troops.

Wasn't France the nation that once invaded a country with raft and 2 frogmen a couple of years ago.

This is exactly what Cheney hoped for ie:Chaos in the mideast . Keeps the arms $ flowing and muslims killing muslims.Okay, so Muslims fighting Muslims...I mean 70 years ago and all before that the world changing based upon Christians fighting Christians so...

Who would ever though that US Administration openly sponsors terrorism without shame or citizens referendum? Obama no longer need Congressional Approval to start wars?

Google: Russian Nuclear Submarine Sailed in Gulf of Mexico Undetected for Weeks. WW3 is coming soon!

Rebels kill or caused to be killed already 70,000 people? Why is US financing them?

There are NO ARMS being shipped into Syria.  Isn't this the same type of propaganda statement the left said, when many accused Saddam Hussein of shipping Chemical WMD's to Syria in 2002, before the start of the war? Funny, but what they all said 'could never have ever happened' now seems to be a political 'must be happening' statement on regular armaments now. Tell me liberals, is it easy to be that two-faced, or do you just practice it from birth?

Assad should have been assassinated in a week. No exceptions/ what a frigging pig

Hey, Natives Murderers : Keep your self a way from the Promise land because you chose to go faraway and steal other`s lands.

I love the quote by former U.S. President Ronald Reagan. This can be addressed to those 29 countries that declare undeclared war on Syrian people.To watch the courageous Afghan freedom fighters battle modern arsenals with simple hand-held weapons is an inspiration to those who love freedom. Their courage teaches us a great lesson-that there are things in this world worth defending. To the Afghan people, I say on behalf of all Americans that we admire your heroism, your devotion to freedom, and your relentless struggle against your oppressors.’ President Ronald Reagan - March 21, 1983

To date, most democrats, and Obama have been unapologetic for this fiasco.

Watch on YouTube: Faking It: How the Media Manipulates the World into WarOther News: U.S. spy chief says Syrian opposition remains disorganized

Last week News: USAID to put $300 million into women's rights in Afghanistan

arming Syria's rebellion will not save lifes!

I say arm both sides, Hmmm

What is the purpose of the UN?  Oh yeah, condemn Israel more than any other nation on the planet, and never condemn the Islamos - just report on how many thousands were murdered today.

Hay Americans! Are you ready for WW3? Watch this on youTube: Российская армия // Russian army 2012 (1080p HD)

God Bless Syrian Government Forces. Syrian Government will Prevail against US/NATO Imperialism!

China, Russia, Iran, Brazil, India and the rest of the world should support and supply opposition in brutal regimes of Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Bahrain and some African countries! I Bet Syrian problem will go away with in 24 hours!

UK,FRA,US,ISR vs. CHI,RUS,IRN = WW3 and Syria is a battelfield

Stay out of it???? Are you kidding me?? Arm both sides to the teeth. Who ever is left standing, kill 'em dead.....go in pick up all of the weapons we gave them and hand them to the next set of rebels trying to overthrow their government....wash, rinse, repeat until there are none left.This is just signs of the times, wars and rumors of wars,......... All this talk of gun control and banning guns here in the USA will not solve any problems, it will only make them worse. As you can see here, the world thinks these people need more guns, maybe we do too.

This is how world wars start.

Yes. We should arm the rebels like we did in Afghanistan with the Talibans. Just look how well that turned out.

The US has made itself too much of a pariah, no matter what it does it will always be viewed negatively. Let the Europeans do it, they will actually be able to take the "good guy" stance and at least appear believable.

"Research carried out inside Syria in the last fortnight confirms that government forces continue to bomb civilians indiscriminately, often with internationally banned weapons, flattening entire neighborhoods. Detainees held by these forces are routinely subjected to torture, enforced disappearances or extra-judicial executions." Another argument squashed by those who are pro-assad. They make claims of all the atrocities and old men being beaten and excuted by the rebels, when, WHOOPS, Assad is doing the same thing. Oh mighty dictator Assad, your days are numbered.

Since when do we listen to France?

let's look at the silver lining. these guys are busy fighting each other for now, they could be living productive lives, but instead are polarized by religious poison, and find it more self-medicating to get into a holy war. so for now while they are occupied- let's train them and give them arms for that one day when they turn their attention westward. We are seeing off the Syrian Taliban from the incubator and onto the streets. here you go boys, you almost don't need your diapers anymore.

"We have to go very fast," French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said, indicating France may act even if it doesn't get an EU green light. "We are a sovereign nation," he emphasized.Indeed. What exactly has Monsieur Fabius convinced that France is a sovereign state? They are part of the EU, -  and damn well better remember it!

We're broke??? we owe trillions, where would Obama get money to give them? We have no business fighting a third war when we can even protect our borders from drug gangs. If he gets into this he should be impeached.

Great news this will make it easier for them to kill everybody.  We need to thin the population of this planet.they should be sending them deodorant...ever stand next to one of these people?

I have no idea who is going to clean up all the mess left behind when those Assyrians smash each other some more before this thing is over but I have a suspicion that it will be the US.

Stay OUT! Haven't we learned our lesson? American taxpayers cannot afford to support either side in this mess.. Our economy was destroyed by  these wars and Wall st.

There was no way to foresee this chain of events...(sarcasm)

the more these animals kill each other, the better

O, Holy and Pure Arab Sunni Muslims! The filthy Shia Muslims, who are being armed by the unclean Russian Kuffars, wish to put the Persian dogs that are their masters in control of the Holy Islamic Ummah!!  This must not happen as the entire World will be filled with their uncleanness!  Strike these Shia pigs down, rape their women, and remove the heads from the bodies of their children! Keep Islam pure and ready, for the Islamic Caliphate is ready to establish over the entire World!

Just another GUN FREE ZONE?

I find it hard to believe that we arming the right side. Look what happened when Libya got rid of their dictator. I just want the killing to stop. How about "disarming" both sides.

Obama, please involve the U.S. in the turmoil so it will help protect your muslim brothers. Allah Admiral Ackbar.

Saudi Arabia and Qatar fighting Lebanon ( well, Hezbollah) and Iran in Syria.  Lets stay out if it, not take refugees, and let them all blow each other up. This will solve a lot of problems.  If the Arabs would take care of each other rather than letting their various tribes and also religious factions get in the way they'd be better off. But they don't. So we really do have to stay out of this.  Please!Again I emphasize : Iran does not need to be involved in Syria . Iran is playing into the enemys hands by getting involved in Syria this is exactly what they want in order to weaken Iran militarily . Syria has absoslutely no value for Iran and neighther does Assad . There are many Assads for Iran in every country that falls down by the west as was the case with Iraq ... Lebanon is a soveigrn nation hosting the Syrian refugees . Irans goal right now must be complete uninvolvement in the region and the focus must be strengthening protection of its own borders and interests .

Kudos to the big mothers,all mothers will lactate at the outcry of their babies.We don't wait untill all Syrians are made refugees.The Great Britain &amp; France had mothered the world,all the way from the USA/Canada to Africa.We apprecite them for the motherly effort to save life in Syria.Spain where are you,Garmany please help the Syrians.

Whatever We just nyd a peace in our Islam country &amp;U should stop callaing our Muslim brother terrorist American are da terrorist bt we nyd peace in syria

#$%$?  France is taking the lead and the US is no where to be found.   Last time I checked we were the leaders of the free world  and the french were cheese eating surrender monkeys

Then they'll wonder why they hate/kill infidels, stay out of muslim business

US operation Arab Spring destroying ONE country at a time.Syria nowLibya lastIran nextFinished off, ONE at a time,  Tunisia, Algeria, Morocco, Yemen, Libya......Failed in Egypt (maybe)MISSION  ACCOMPLISHEDThe Great Satan bringing Pain, Misery, Destruction, Death, Hate and EVIL to MILLIONS of innocent people for Generations to come.

The knowledge of many in the US is not broad.A disease does NOT hit one person and only when the person is dead move on to another person.A disease hits many people at the Same time.If it behaves like this, one at a time - it is NOT a disease - it is a deliberate act.Just like "Arab Spring" which acts on only ONE country at a time"Arab Spring" is not a spontaneous uprisingit is a deliberate act. - US military operation "Arab Spring'Conceived in Reagan era.Financed by Bush Sr.Implemented by Bush the shrub67 Countries to be destroyed.Finished off, ONE at a time, Tunisia, Algeria, Morocco, Yemen, Libya......Failed in Egypt (maybe)The Great Satan bringing Pain, Misery, Destruction, Death, Hate and EVIL to MILLIONS of innocent people for Generations to come.MISSION  ACCOMPLISHEDWestern Media = an arm of the US and Western Military, brainwashing and shaping the minds of illiterate people - without Honesty, without Honor, without Ethics, without Justice, without shame and without Professionalism.

We cannot continue to do nothing as a regime holding on to power through brute force is able to kill and massacre its own citizens. We were too late in Rwanda and Bosnia and history will judge us for this massacre. People that support Assad have absolutely no idea of the facts of the situation and haven't been following the revolution since day one. Educate yourself before posting stupid #$%$.