SHE IS THE POSTER CHILD FOR TERM LIMITS!

So you see, it's really about winning elections... not doing the right thing.  Freakin liberals.

if reid wants something that will work try working on getting jobs back to america and drop the anti-gun #$%$..and feinstein , the only problem our congress has are the liberals in it..bring back the real democrats and throw out the socialist liberals and things will work better..

Make no mistake. This was about job security.

Wow! Reid using his brain, scary! :-)

WHAT A WITCH

80  yearold hag needs to retire,along with Pelosi 73, and Boxer 72. 3 old hags never worked a day,married billionaires.

HA HA HA HA   SORRY SHEEP!!!  LOSERS

With all the hacking and spying going on by foreign governments our governments got bigger problems don't you think ?

It is about time someone shut down Dianne Feinstein on her obsessive personal quest to misuse her official position, in an attempt to deny people their 2nd Amendment Constitutional rights.Strange that the fact that Biden and Harry Reid admitted that these bills would not have stopped ANY of the school shootings was not in the article.

the mid terms are coming up. if you are interested in keeping your gun you better vote. dems in total control and guns are gone. along with anything else they decide you dont need. like your money

Someone should send a bill to Obama and Dianne for the jet fuel wasted on his campaign trips for assault weapon's banning. He had to know he wasn't going to get from the onset and now to be told no from his own party says it all - wasted time and money.

I want a left handed MK-47.

These things must happen first and then the end will come.

She is one ugly monster.

DECEPTION IN THE LAST DAYS!

What does Feinstein use to blow away citizen's that may want to harm her? She says she is armed to make sure the gun can protect her in all situations. AND I'm sure her guns do not give her One bullet to get the job done.

Frankenstien looks like a south end of a northbound jackass. Democrat of course.

Worthless politicians will continue to be reelected as long as you have an electorate that doesn't pay attention.Can we ban worthless, blood sucking politicians?

How do we have a WELL ARMED MILITIA  when the citizen's will be restricted to BB guns against the powerful weapons the government will give to itself ?  Our weapons will be trained against the government  not tin cans in the back yard. Well armed means our weapons should be a able to with stand the weapons of the enemy ....who ever that is and they should give us a fighting chance.

Vote out of office ANYONE who promotes ANY new restrictions on the 2nd ammendment. This is the only thing these political freeloaders and cowards understand. Threaten to put them out of office and they slide back underneath their rocks.

Don't kid yourself.  The leftists will never give up on banning all guns.  They want them all.

Frankenstien go lick pelooooosi

"Assault Weapon" is a made up term. It is a combination of two words designed to sound scary. But there is no objective definition. It is whatever gun grabbers decide it is at the moment. Feinstein's 1994 ban defined the term to be something, her new bill defines it as something else. Both definitions are highly subjective displaying a complete ignorance of the subject. For instance they seek to ban "barrel shrouds" and vertical fore-grips because they "allow these weapons to be rapid fired from the hip" (if you do not get the ridiculousness of this statement you need to get out to a range and try to hit a target while "rapid firing from the hip" Feel free to use a vertical fore-grip and a barrel shroud if you think it will make a difference.). They are writing legislation based not in real world but in some Hollywood 80's action flicks."High Capacity Magazine" (or should imitate an ignorant gun grabber and I say "Clip"?) is also a made up term. "High" is a subjective word open to interpretations. Gun grabbers in NJ used to feel that high meant anything over 15 rounds. Now they feel that is anything over 10. Gun grabbers in NY thought that high was anything over 10. Now they feel it is anything over 7. Will it be 5 next year and 3 the year after? Magazines fall into 3 categories - 1) Standard Capacity - that is what firearm was designed for and what the manufacturer ships with the firearm. 2) Increased Capacity - anything with capacity higher than standard. 3) Reduced capacity - anything with capacity lower than standard. Gun grabbers want to force reduced capacity magazines for most firearms onto law abiding firearm owners. Keep in mind that a criminal will have whatever magazine he wants. Or if those somehow become scarce, he will bring multiple magazines (like Virginia Tech shooter). Law enforcement of course will not be restricted and carry spare magazines on their belt.. But when you and I jump out of bed to investigate a sound of broken glass somewhere in the house, we will be limited to whatever reduced capacity we allow gun grabbers to force upon us.

no ban now, but they'll add in somewhere behind peoples back, riding on another bill somewhere------like they always do.........

We need to ban the old hag and send her home.

Prosecute Mark Kelly for his “Straw Man Purchase of a Firearm” or keep your mouths shut and stop wasting our time!

good!Well, Ms. Feinstein, how about crawling back under the rock you crawled out from under and ride out your term in silence, instead of trying to destroy our Constitutional Rights. And while you're at it see if you can find room under there for Pelosi, Bloomberg, and Cuomo too! Maybe you can aid each other in the shedding of each others skin.

Good! Everyone wins except the fraidy cat liberal reporter who wants a super-safe world.

It doesn't matter the up coming 14 elections is time to exterminate these liberals that are trying to destroy our constitution and whats left of the country......VOTE THEM OUT PEOPLE!!!!

@#$%!!!! That lady is so @#$%ing UGLY!!!!

Thank goodness.  Now if we can just keep the idiots from nickle and dimeing us on the rest of it.  There is no "common sense" in the knee jerk reaction to ban anything.

NOW it's time to VOTE THEM OUT all of them that think they are going to take our RIGHTS AWAY needs to go.......

This is funnier than all get out.  She couldn't even get support for her idiotic notions from her own party.

I wish they would just ban DIANE FEINSTEIN!!!

Diane Finklestein is a "warped-in-the-head" Beo'tch.....Voters of CA, what in the (h)(e)(l)(l) are you thinking ! ? !

Score one for the sane.  It is a shame that the people elected to represent us are bats(h)it crazy... and rich.  I can be accurately represented by neither, you?Couldn't even get 40 of her buddies to sign up to loss their next election.  And today they pass a bill that defunded the Obama Healthcare Act to pay for the State exchanges.  Dems are getting scared for 2014 votes already.

Its time that California retired Sen. Dianne Feinstein for more reasons that  she is 80 years old!!!!..

Why not just let the entire nation cast a vote and the majority wins? Then you would see what a small portion of the country are actually the gun grabbers... Has no chance in the senate, the house or with the American people... Take a vote and it will be clear....

as hopless as the people that presented it.

Hey Diane, HaHaHa!!!!!!!!

the right to bear arms is not confusing...the government has no right to ban weapons....read the second amendment....If anything congress should require everyone to have a gun.....

"Rejection by Congress would be a major victory for the National Rifle Association and its supporters and a setback for Obama and the provision's sponsor,"--  Not to mention a victory for the Constitution..."Also exempted would be 2,258 rifles and shotguns that are frequently used by hunters."--  It's SOOOOO not about hunting.""Hopefully what is stripped away will return as an amendment."--  There's more meaning to that statement than people realize.  They take stuff out to get it out of comittee, then try and put it right back in later.Assault weapons are used in 1/5 of 1% of all violent crimes.  I think the Senate should be working on a frigging budget.  Haven't had one of those in over 4 YEARS!

Not even the Democrats buy Feinstein's B . S . " gun control " !HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Just leave guns alone! Worry about the millions of other problems that government created.

Good.Bring that slimy cunny-hole Feinstien to Wisconsin and let her run her mouth about assault weapons and we will use her for target practice.

Now now...dont LECTURE Feinstein after all she has been a Liberal politician for YEARS and she did her research so as an elitist, she know whats best for YOU.One more reason for San Fransisco to dropp off into the Pacific - and take Feinstein and Pelosi with it.

All this has been is a thing to take people minds off our debt.they new it would not pass congress.obama has used this to get peoples minds on guns.the news media is in with him.we are almost in 17 trillons dollors of debt.then they are adding 4 billons dollors a day to our charge card.wake up america before its to late.

Sen. Dianna Frankenstein need to go back home and clean up her hometown of pervertsand drugies and have her guards turn in their guns.

"We are going to find the votes"....means "We are going to find the votes, even if we fabricate them".

BE CAREFUL, she's merely pausing to RELOAD!

Oh, but the States can still do what they want. I expect Governor O'Malley in Maryland will try and make it nearly impossible to buy any type of firearm. So, if you live in Maryland, stock up now.

"I'm not a sixth grader," Feinstein said. "Senator, I've been on this committee for 20 years."I agree we need term limits for this devil.

When you look at Feensteen, it makes you wish birth control was retroactive

GOOD!!! now that settles that. Lets get to work on JOBS and DEBTS OWED to other countries. Enough time has been spent on the gun issues.It is time to shut down the rest of these socialists bills

Wow! Some of these gun grabbers are really having a fit now. They were all so cocky a few weeks ago. LMAO

Dear Senators;Just vote NO !That is if you like your jobs...

Great News!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You POS Democrats knee jerk reactions are a futile attempt to socialize this world. Now finally there will be ammo again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Hey Feinstein: How's your home state doing? Get your own state straightened-out first, then try and re-shape the country. Liberal Control freak alert!   Guns, then big sodas, then cigs. What then? Then their ugly heads will turn on the gays &amp; "un-documented" they get to self-identify. Don't trust them folks.

The six year old that proposed this legislation.

Time for the home feinstein!

The fight is not over  they will try it again

AWESOME - send that bat whine swine flapping away!

Ha Ha Ha Ha Ya Gun Permit havin 2 faced demonicrat Gun Owning Beehoch!Anyone in the White House that votes for any regulattion on the 2nd amendment needs to start looking for a new line of work. When this #$%$ is over, they may wake up to the reality of don 't mess with our Constitution!!

Diane , you need to find a Barrett 50 cal. to suck on. By the way, where is Mark Kelley, at home cleaning his new AR-15 &amp; 45 pistol ?

We've been trying to tell you anti-gun (anti-freedom) weenies this ever since you started your little fantasy. Now, #$%$ off.

Obama must have gotten wind of this last week so that's why he started his disappearance act on the issue and went onto something else. So sorry Senator.

In your ugly twisted face Frankenstein....Feinstein.

Fienstien &amp; co. should just wake up and realize the fact that reason the NRA and the gun lobby are getting more powerful is because more and more people in this country are waking up to the fact that they are just FULL OF IT!

As expected, but don't be surprised if they try to sneak it back in quietly as an amendment to the bill, as Barden suggested.  I'm still confident that whatever makes it out of the senate will die a horrible death in the House, as well it should.  Cheeze, if they can't even come together to balance the budget, gun control will have NO chance in a Republican controlled house!

Any politician, that call’s the people of this country who do not agree with their way of thinking, the enemy does not deserve the right to be in office.

Can't get the votes for ban on guns,I refuse to call them "assault weapons", so they're going for registration.

Democrats have pressed for since an assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn. Thats A lie the media said the AR15 was in the trunk of the car.Smart move.  Unlike the House, the Senate isn't going to try and pass something that has no chance of passage.

She finally checked to see which the wind is blowing.

Another libtard bill bites the dust! LOOOOOOVE IT!!!! ROFLMFAO!

So where is the caring

Feinstein needs to go back to her #$%$ state of Cali. and finiish shrivling up there. Fac n old cont !

read the fine print --(((((feinstein and other supporters say limits are needed on the firepower available to people)))))) -this simply means that taking away your 2nd amendment is not going to happen  --   but no ammo makes your guns worthless

What a wretched Jewess.

Kick this old witch Feinstein out of office!

She didnt really expect it to pass, but as you agree, it has all been a show so she can get back into office, She will be 103 next year.

Founding Fathers 1Communists 0The real issue is universal background checks.  This will get us one step closer to registration, taxation, and confiscation of our firearms.  Stay focused.

I think the worst of all worlds would be to bring something to the floor and it dies there," Reid said....  Well guess what? It never got that far before it was DEAD!!! HaHAHaha...

hahahahThe smell of the gun grabbers defeat is in the air...

Now we just have to get the "background checks" aka gun registry and magazine limits out of the bill...

Hey Feinstein, wanna suck my AR-15? I'll put the 50rd Mag in for ya' !!

Guess the AP lied about the polls, or the pollsters did.  If the polls were right this would have passed without question

Reid is a troll.  Democrats are a disappointment.  Nothing has succeeded in Washington anyway, we only want an up or down on the floor.

The road to hell is paved with teabaggers!! Bunch of obese #$%$!

Even a 6th grader saw that this wasn't going to pass anyways... Lol

Feinstein and her favorite #$%$-licker Schumer LOSE.  The NRA WINS.  Take your beak-nose snozzes and GO AWAY.they want to keep there jobs but it is to late for them who voted for these new measures  and watch when they come up for reelection they will say they were agains it it is time for them to go  now we need law saying to change any amendment it must go  befor  the people

Diane feinkenstein is a career professional beggar.  She begs for money from taxpayers and pizz it away like it was her money!  I'm glad I don't live kaliforneea anymore.  But I feel for all the good folks in the once golden state that is being ruined by nut case like her and nancy pelosi!

Feinstein's liberal agenda from commifornia is fine for the tailpipe rainbow crowd from her SF area and the WH occupants,but not for the rest of the country. Retire , take Pukelosi with you and take long walk off a short Fisherman's Wharf pier together

somebody stick an ar15 up that old pathetic jerks #$%$

NRA leadership wants to run the country without being elected. Thats a shadow government. Dictating by creating fear. Thats how Hitler came to powerNRA leadership has turned into vicious thugs. I gave up my membership 10 years ago when Keene went off the deep end. Sad that this once great organization has been seized by radicals. Here is an example of just how radical Wayne LaPierre the current CEO of the NRA is.Shortly before the Oklahoma City bombing, LaPierre wrote a fundraising letter describing federal agents as "jack-booted government thugs" who wear "Nazi bucket helmets and black storm trooper uniforms". Former president George H. W. Bush was so outraged by the letter that he resigned his NRA life membership. In response to growing criticism, LaPierre apologized, saying he didn't intend to "paint all federal law-enforcement officials with the same broad brush"......

This thread must be sponsored by the NRA. Most comments are just spewing hate towards anything resembling stricter gun control.  Polls indicate a majority of Americans favor more strict gun control, so sooner or later, the silent majority will defeat the NRA and the gun manufacturers and dealers lobby.  Let's face it; this whole issue is more about the money than the second amendment.

NRA leadership wants to run the country without being elected. Thats a shadow government. Dictating by creating fear. Thats how Hitler came to powerNRA leadership has turned into vicious thugs. I gave up my membership 10 years ago when Keene went off the deep end. Sad that this once great organization has been seized by radicals. Here is an example of just how radical Wayne LaPierre the current CEO of the NRA is.Shortly before the Oklahoma City bombing, LaPierre wrote a fundraising letter describing federal agents as "jack-booted government thugs" who wear "Nazi bucket helmets and black storm trooper uniforms". Former president George H. W. Bush was so outraged by the letter that he resigned his NRA life membership. In response to growing criticism, LaPierre apologized, saying he didn't intend to "paint all federal law-enforcement officials with the same broad brush".too many guns...too many shot.