It would appear that someone has found Saddam's stash that was tranported to Syria.

Anybody can make a chimical weapon ,even a 10 year old if you give him the right materials ,but those chemical only last a few years after that they are worthless,Even Haiti and the Malian army could make chemical weapon if they wanted to , it's the poor man 's bomb .

..........all right obama, they are calling your bluff.  Are you going to back-up all that big talk about coming down on who ever uses chemical weapns in syria.........

Giving either side aid, is like giving a rabid chimp a machine gun.

This is getting Syrious

Where did Syria get all these WMD's?

So tell me Kerry and Obama, if our supposed 'allies' are indeed the ones using chemical weapons, where does that "red-line" get drawn, and take effect? And more importantly, to whom?

Media blames...........?Sounds like cnn , abc , and the other state controled propoganda machine....?

this article was buried...you'd think this would take top billing over "dancing with the stars"???!!! This is serious....if they use anything stronger....it could get Israel and other countries involved....obama threatened them with his pointy finger...for them not to use chemical weapons...see how they pay attention to our "strong leader"!?!? Plus Israel said all week that they were moving their chemical weapons and getting them ready to be used....#$%$?? This is escalating in a very bad way....

WHAT chemical weapons?  I thought they didn't exist.Syria never had any chemical weapon manufacturing.  The only place that did was IRAQ.  So how is this possible?The media isn't saying that Iraq HAD weapons of mass destruction that were taken out of the country and moved to Syria prior to the American invasions, are they?  Is the media really acknowledging that Saddam Hussein had WMD's after all?  This can't be.  There are no chemical weapons in the middle east.  That idiot and and his "spy wife" insisted there weren't any.No.  These MUST be ordinary weapons.  Someone has it wrong.

The article notes that the Syrian government regularly refers to terrorists as terrorists.The "rebels" are supported by the US government. If we "rebel" against our tyrannical government then we would be called "domestic terrorists". I hope you can put your pety differences aside because when the SHTF here in America, you will be killed by TSA, IRS, Homeland Security, US Military, and your local police. Wake up. You are a slave and they will kill anyone who revolts against it.

some nations need brutal rulers.

Remember those WMD's that were never found in Iraq?  Well ...................

This was that 'red line Obama was talking about.. Even if Assad openly uses chemical weapons Barry will do nothing..  No one has any respect for Barack Obama the modern day Neville Chamberlin

Gee, I wonder if Islam is the biblical horde of locusts I remember from Sunday School.

Can rebels or the army be really trusted not to use chemical weapons?

Wasnt that obamas red line, the use of chemical weapons?  Iran will be watching for our response, and when they see he has nothing more than empty talk, they will know they're good to go building their nukes.

How does one define terrorist anyway?

If it was the Syiran govt that used this weapon, there would have been an immediate response by the White House by now.  When it is the fault of an ally, there is always an "investigation".

If you fight against a govt that the West does not back, you are a Rebel, or Freedom Frighter.  If you fight against the West, you are labeled a Terrorist, or insurgent.kerry's concern is that rebels will get ahold of the chemical weapons, yet we are aiding the rebels in their fight.

Let's give them more money!!!!

dunnnn duunnnn duuunnnnnnnnnnnnn

If we supply the rebels with arms and ammo they will eventually be used to kill American soldiers. If we do not stay out of it we (our service men and women) will pay the price. We have some crummy decision makers in Washington and the pentagon. Time for major changes.

He said it did not make sense for the rebels to fire a chemical weapon at an area they had recently seized, and accused the government instead.    {false flag , it was the rebels}

Why does obama remind me of Gaddafi when he talks about that "line" that won't be crossed?  Should chemical weapons really end up being used, obama is going to end up looking extremely stupid (more than usual anyway).

the Rebels Fired on their onselves to get the US involved....Time to watch by the Sidelines...If Russia will Not Arm Either One...That Should be a Good Sign, for the USA to stay the H3ll Out of there~!!

provided by obuma inc.

All the more reason for the U.S. to stay out of Syria!!

this is a good thing!   weapons of mass destruction by design mean more destruction which means fewer 'winners' left to kill non muslims when this is all overWith any luck, both sides will wipe each other out.

CIA?

NO FOOD TO syria................................................................................................

Gee"  we said chemical weapons would be the line in the sand...!so who is really is crossing the line....?    sounds like iraq ii ..........):

The Bible says that Damascus is going to be destroyed in one day and cease from being a city. When that happens remember what you read here today.

wait until the terroist start using napalm

After all the American lives lost in the middle east, what has been accomplished? We have not gained any friends, only changed enemies.

Who's running this war  for the rebels,  where oh where did they find chemical weapons, they barley had small armsto fight with a year ago. something dont smell right with this picture.

Wonderful news to have with my morning smoke and coffee.

The rebels (terrorists) already stated they would use any means to cause fear.I bet mustard gas smells better than the average arab.

Remember, these are the chemical WMD that (according to the media) Saddam did not have and did not ship to Syria.

we have found Saddam's WMD, looks like the Libs owe someone a very large apology

&amp; there ya have it. Rebels now possess some of the Chem-Weapons.I wonder how long it will take for some of those to "go off" in...oh...let's say....I dont know...Israel?

Apparently its real hard to find an educated rebel in Syria, and their idea of freedom is destroying cities and mutilating and torturing people.  Islam is a plague.

and hiding smokes here is one of the issues we have .weird world .

Rebels? It's just a well armed militia.

Arent we giving aid to these "Rebels"....good job Obama

Those are the WMD's from Iraq that everyone says never existed.

Why is it that we don't stand back and take a big ole look around before we arm our future enemies?  We rush in (sometimes uninvited) and prostitute ourselves with everything in our arsenal and historically they turn on us.  Lord, suffer the fools.Obama sent them. Another Fast and Furious.

So we can safely say that chemical warfare has been used?

I cant find any 9mm ammo in any Wal-Mart in my area.  Where the heII are these people getting ammo?

Sadia Arabia has a state of the art military. If Syria is problem, where are they?

That's just some of those "Medical" supplies Kerry delivered to Syria.

Muslims are useful to the world only because they kill muslims.

This is why we need to stay out of this! There is absolutely no right way to go with this. This is their Independence that they need to get without outside intervention. We will only get blamed in the end, by a Leader that will seek unity by going after America!

The Syrian "rebels" are mostly Al Qaeda and some other radicals. OUR CIA wants that region to remain unstable to distract Americans from the issues the central banks have caused us and so the central banks can control their monetary system. The US created Al Qaeda in the first Afghan war to fight the Russians by proxy and now they are being used to fight Assad by proxy. This is all on record, just do a little research.To simplify, our government uses Al Qaeda to control other regions and to remove our liberties. PERIOD! Control, control, control. Read your history and understand how this works or you will continue under debt, war and corruption. Our founders would be sick.

and we thought bullets looked bad through people ,wait till you see blisters ...

hatfields and mc coys of the world now .makes 16 oz cups look like what ?

I am starting to wonder who the "bad guy" really is.  The civilians, and I use that word loosely are paying the price of authoritarian leadership vs radical islam vs moderate islam. There is no middle ground and no right side.  Honestly, guard the borders.  Eventually, they will be down to throwing rocks at each other admist the rubble of their society.

Syrian Asaad government has the chemical weapons not the rebels - Asaad is brutal dictator

Yes the rebels probably did fire chemical weapons. They don’t care if people die or not, just like Assad doesn’t care if he kills innocents.Just like Israel doesn’t care if they kill women children who Hamas hides behind.Just like Turkey doesn't care if they kill people whom the PKK hide behind.

Chemical weapons and the US wants to give aid to these idiots? Of course , one side is just as bad as the other. Then there is US.  When will the people in Washington get the idea that the people here do NOT want to get involved with that mess.  We can use whatever money they intended for aid right here.  We don't need to be giving away to any country.  Get our own act together!!!!  Quit throwing money away.  Open the White House to tours again.  (One of the dumbest things your president has done).  One less trip to Hawaii and that would fund tours for several years.

How long before we see hack Jay Carney on TV moving the red line a little further on down the line

slime on both sides in Syria

What a mess! This is the halfass approach of our and European governments at work!

Fascist vs Communist, Hitler vs Stalin let them slaughter each other

well now theres the pot calling the kettle black ,,,.....this one could go either way????Terrorist regime vs terrorist FSA! John kerry will straighten this mess out. Just like butch Clinton straightened out benghazi.

Here we go. Syria is now going to start using their chemical weapons as Israel predicted.

Obama wants to give these idiots aid??? I guess it fits with everything else he has done for the last four years.

Can we just nuke the rebels already please.

The rebels are lying! They said "Why would the Free Syrian Army bomb themselves with a chemical weapon?" First, his statement implies that they do have chemical weapons, but it would only make sense to use them against government controlled areas.Yet, how comes that "no details were available as casualties were being taken to a government controlled area in Aleppo". From this it appears that the bombed area was a government controlled zone, otherwise the "rebels" would know exactly how many casualties were there and why would the victims be taken to the government controlled area?!

Oh yea let's send them aid. My government is dumb and blind!

Barry must be tormented! Do I help this brother Assad or do I help my brothers FSA? Tough decisions huh barry?

Will the 72 virgins still want them with all the blisters?

Uh oh Syria, you crossed the "red line", barrys gonna hit u with sanctions that have worked nowhere else!

Don't worry Obama has it under contron Al-Qaeda is on the run.This is an outrage! Assad has now used chemical weapons against his own nation. How much longer will the US and the international community allow Assad to use genocide and now chemical weapons against his own people? Obama said that any use of chemical weapons by Assad would be a red line. Well here it is Mr. President. The Free Syrian army does not have access to many weapons to begin with, especially not chemical weapons. This attack was carried out by Assad and his thugs. Assad must be toppled and killed. This is a crim against humanity! The Syrian people are being slaughtered and America, Nato and other nations in the middle east and around the world are failing them.

When will we have to give up more liberties to protect us from the people we are funding now?

So this is how the end begins, huh? Wonderful.......

BTW, u.s. attacked iraq, 20 yrs after the fact.

So the alledged REBELS fire a chem-rocket in the midst of their hold to accomplish WHATOh dayumz,, How Stupid of me,,, We can die and the reporters will say it is the other side that did this dasturdly crime----WE ALL IN AGREEMENT?? Pull the Pin!!!

The rebels are being trained by the US. It's entirely possible they are using chem weapons.

Keep up the great work killing each other God work in Great ways saving the world as you guys are finally killing each other. Much success a way to world peace.

Assad and his regime are liars.  They have not been straight with the press or open about their slaughter of their own people during the entire crisis.  Why would anyone believe them now?

silly savages

The Syrians got them from Iraq just before the invasion then they hid them and forgot to move them or didn't have time to move them to Iran so the Army deserters knew just where they were to steal and bomb the Syrians city and blame it on the Syrian Gov. OR vice versa.The Syrians got them from Iraq just before the invasion then they hid them and forgot to move them or didn't have time to move them to Iran so the Army deserters knew just where they were to steal and bomb the Syrians city and blame it on the Syrian Gov. OR vice versa.

Let me answer the question, "Why would rebels bomb themselves with a chemical weapon?"TO GIVE AN EXCUSE TO US AND ALLIES TO DO MORE. To pave the road to more openly NATO/US intervention. To give a reason for lifting weapons ban imposed on them.Then who said they bombed themselves?, though they are the masters of suicidal bombs,. The identity of those killed still unknown, they all may be innocent civilians and rebels can not care less about them.

What I do not understand is this:1.  We were killing the extreemists, and alkieda sympathisers in Iraq, and Pakistan.2.  Now we, and certain European Countries are wanting to give them aid in Syria.  Syria, whos rebels are instilling Sharia Law where ever they spread, and have no regard for the minorities for the Coptic Christians, Allowites, or druists.

you frigging bunch of idiots...... it is well documented saddam had wmd in the form of chemical weapons, he gassed hiw own citizen, killed like 5000 of them. cnn plastered a woman laying dead, clutching her dead baby all over tv news.and isreal took out his nuke reactor in 82... this is indisputable......there are only 3 questions...where did his supply gowhy is news media saying they don't existwhy is the entire world just give up on it?.....

so put up or shut up, westerners, EU'ers, we need help today not when you damn well think it is time, jerks, lets us die, who cares, we are muslims, so screw us, and in the end you will want our friendship and blame us when we say no way jose'.

Syria getting SYRIOUS!

Not buying it. Clinton has been pushing this lie almost as furiously as Rumsfeld did with Iraq.

The terrorist FSA used the chemical weapons they got and fired it to the area that they already held and blame it to President Assad.

ISRAELI FALSE FLAG.  WHY WOULD EITHER SIDE DO IT??  Especially with the Israeli suggestion earlier that WMDs were a worry??  This incident would help neither side.  This has all the hallmarks of an Israeli false flag.

Last week the IsraHelli authority predicted the Syrian going to use Chemical weapons against the terrorists in Syria. The question is how they know this going to happen, ??????? the answer is obvious, the Zionists who backed the terrorists planned the chemical attack because recently they realized their trained terrorists losing to the Syrian military and this was an act of desperation to slow down the Syrian military advancement. In this Zionist chemical attack at least based on this report over 20 Syrian soldiers died as the result. That by itself tell the story of savagery by the IsraHelli backed terrorists. If this continue the Syrian armed forces should retaliate against IsraHell and take the battle to their enemy in occupied Palestine. ZIONISTS / ISRAHELLI AGGRESSION AGAINST SYRIA ONLY CAN BE STOPPED BY FORCEPlease note how deceivingly written this article is! Just in the end of the article, the last statement that is meant to leave an impression on the reader says: "the facility included several military posts and a police academy that Assad's forces have turned into a military base that regularly fires shells at nearby villages." This is like the government is bombing the nearby villages for no other rational reason than for target practice, and there are no "rebels" there shooting at the government forces...

hell is on earth

Translation: Gov't fired the chemical weapons and blamed it on rebels.

Why do we do anything we spend money we do not have for people who would kill us at any other time.I say we stop spending our money on other people and spend it back home to help people

I'm curious....Is this also a "HOLY WAR" and if so which side claims it? Also are these  weapons killing INNOCENT CHILDREN.."HOLY" as well??

To be realistic about this, it is highly unlikely that the rebels would know how to fire a rocket of that complexity.Unless,it was fired by a Syrian army defector,that has the knowledge on how to fire that rocket. More than likely it was the badly losing Syrian Army who fired it,and they are blaming the Rebels.

Obama will pick whichever side will help his Muslim Brotherhood more!

Allah, Mohammed, Islammy, Ali Baba, who cares, these people are just plain friggin nuts.

Wasn't Aleppo the town Assad was shelling for months? why would the rebels turn around and do this to their own supporters?

and more gum bumping threats from king obama and his regime. what a waste of breath.AHHHH Islam......the only real peacefull religion:) !!!!!!!!!!!!

I wonder how those squirrels are getting in the garage...

The Zionist backed terrorists are losing in the battlefield against the Brave Syrian armed forces and Zionists and their western backers are desperate enough to use chemical weapons to stop the Syrian arm forces advancement. Syrian army lost over 20 soldier in this Chemical attack. But that is not going to stop the Syrian armed forces complete victory. Zionists and their western backed government such as the government of France and Brits now pressuring the European Union to send more heavy arm to their terrorists. Their last attempt was not successful and E.U. refused to back the France and British demand for sending more arms to the Terrorists. Zionist government of France and Brits now saying they are going to act independently and going to send their own heavy weapons to their trained terrorists in Syria. It is time for the people of France and Britain to rise up and demonstrate their opposition to this barbaric act by their respected government

President Obama, I am one of your supporter, but I am telling you that Iran have no option but to go nuclear in order to restore peace and stabilize the Middle East. Iran will be a nuclear armed super power no matter what the Zionists that control Washington and the U.S. House and Senate say, or do. You know that Zionists planning war and crisis in the Middle East because Zionism feeds on crisis. But a nuclear armed Iran can stop the Zionists cold on its track and reestablish peace and tranquility in the Middle East. I know you are trying your best to change the American warmonger's image and make America a gentle nation that can get along with all nations. You are trying hard to change America into a capitalist nation instead of the imperialist nation of the past and your fight and determination for redistribution of the wealth which is under the control of only one percent in America is deserving world respect. Even though it is hard to see the reality behind the rhetoric, with the religion and cultural difference and language barrier but your vision for the world future and your goals for a just and gentle world is not far from the Iranian leader vision for the world future. He is as determine as you are to establish a just and peaceful world for all.

we could have solved this whole mess with one maybe two bombs in 79

Facts please.

Bashar Assad is the terrorist....and he would be the one using chemical weapons on his own people.... this nut job needs to be eliminated!

Israel said they would attack Syria if they used these weapons... Assad's regime is blaming the rebels?? that's a pi   ss poor excuse because Assad's government is the only one with access to these weapons...They are fu     cked.

A tiny bit from one of the many articles written about Sunni Jihadist quest for WMDs."In 1998, al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden declared that acquiring and using weapons of mass destruction (WMD) was his Islamic duty -- an integral part of his jihad. Systemically, over the course of decades, he dispatched his top lieutenants to attempt to purchase or develop nuclear and biochemical WMD. He has never given up the goal; indeed, in a 2007 video, he repeated his promise to use massive weapons to upend the global status quo, destroy the capitalist hegemony, and help create an Islamic caliphate."Why on earth would our government even consider helping these people?

Aloso, note timing of Petraeus affair.If chemical weapons truly are being used, understand that Israel will end this conflict.  Damascus, the oldest civlized city in the world will soon fall...utterly destroyed.  The world had better start paying close attention to what is going on.  Keep your eyes upward for His Arrival is soon.

God said He would never again kill mankind, that they would do it themselves.......looks like we are. what a shame

So the Government is the one that has Chemical weapons and they want the World to believe the Rebels were the one using chem weapons ? Are they taking classes from Fidel and Hugo and Obonzo on how to lie and blame someone else.?

Rebels are nothing more than terrorists and you can be sure that our esteemed anti-christ obama will send them arms...Assad should dig in and continue to fight them!

I'm confused....was it the good or bad Al CIAda that did this?????

Stay out of it and let them kill themselves...

What a mess

A rocket marinated in Camel Poop is not chemical warfare

We should just let Turkey handle it.  It's on their border,and they are more than capable

Freedom Fighters ?? Muslim Mercinaries from all over the world. The world is helping to covertly destroy this country..Saudia Arabia has $$$ maybe there next. ARAB Spring...is defined So Many Ways..."Why would the Free Syrian Army bomb themselves with a chemical weapon?"---Uh, 'cuz you don't know how to handle the weapon and set it off.

These "rebels" are terrorists.If a group of armed militants were trying to throw our tyranical government and directly working with Al Queda, dont you think that would be the proper terminology for therm?

Don't believe the media ! The Rebels are paid NATO forces, sent in by the U.N. to steal more resources. Go to youtube and find out truth. You will see it is not what media says.

Hmmmmmmm, I seem to remember that president DUNCE had thrown HIS [and our] support behind the rebels because he wanted to oust the president of Syria as he did in Libya.Gotta wonder how he feels about those he supported using WMDs

Remember when the USS Stark was struck by 2 Exocet missiles fired from Iraqi (our allies at the time) fighter jets. The US blamed Iran knowing for certain that it was Iraq that did it.Remember when Israel spent 3 hour attacking the USS Liberty. The US government blamed the attack on Egypt knowing from the beginning that it was Israel.This list can go on and on, the point is that our government has no reservations at all about lying to us. If they want us to believe it was Assad, they won’t hesitate to say that.The question is, if there truly was a chemical attack, and it turns out the it was the Syrian terrorist....what will the US do then?We never cared about how much chemical weapons Saddam Hussein used until he invaded Kuwait. Then the US government was up in arms about it.It will be interesting to watch how this develops.

Ok Showbama, they crossed your "red line".  What now?

Shoot them at tel avia!! LOt's of monkey's their!

Our IC should, right now, be working hard to find out if the claims of the use of chemical weapons by EITHER side are true or false.  And to be honest, it doesn't matter which side used it, because it'll be near impossible to know for certain, but it would mean that the international community should, and probably will, move in and halt the conflict.

Wait lets not talk about chemical weapons that we know were originally in Iraq, that would make you a "hatzfulz razzist" right, I mean it does not matter that real Americans were right so long as the regime and it dear leader 0bama does look bad.

Just hit them with the Death Star. That worked in Star Wars.GOOGLE BRITAM EMAIL........

This is to justify his sure to come soon use of chemical weapons.

Is hairspray considered a chemical weapon?

Syria is not known to have chemical weapons of the CHLORINE type which are relatively easy to manufacture..They are believed to have Sarin, Tabun, VX, and mustard gas types.Draw your own conclusions.

This is the beginning of the end.

Pray for peace...

right bridge dealer saddam never had chemical weapons .  halabja never really happened

Well, I'm not surprised assad will use chemical weapons because he is suicidal like KAMIKAZI in Japan during WWII the regime of japan don't care their own people , and  assad is desperate,power greed and blood thirsty, I'm just surprised the American and allies won't do enough to stop the suffering of the Children and their parents.....

The fact that Syria is claiming that 'rebels' used chemical weapons is the excuse they want to put out there to justify their upcoming massive use of chemical weapons on the population. Assad's father killed tens of thousands of Syrians that way about 20 years ago, now the son will do the same. The government is made up of Alawaies, a small minority of the country and now they are scared that if and when they lose the war, they will be massacared by the majority tribes. And they are probably right. So now they are fighting for their own survival and if that means gassing other Syrians, so be it.

The real killings in Syria will start after they get rid of the Assad regime. Those freedom firghters will start killing each other, and that will continues for several more years...and obama is sending  your tax money and weapons to this bunch of baby fukers...un-believabil..

what are you gonna do about it? go to war with them? nawwwww

Assad has adopted the old Hitler trick of killing his own supporters then blameing the opposition for the carnage. I wonder if Obama ever meets Assad will he bow to him as he has done with other Muslim dictators?

I just saw on news from the Middle East pictures of the dead children and women who were killed by the Al Qaida terrorists from chemical weapons. However Reuters/ AP Fox News do not show the atrocities by their pro western Al Qaida in Syria. This is a farse.

This is nothing more than CIA hogwash.  We arm the rebels with a chemical weapon, they fire it in the country, both sides accuse the other, now the door is open for ANOTHER USA intervention.  Newsflash, this is how our government operates.  READ, don't watch Tv, actually read.  Wikileaks has released cable after cable of how the USA plays both sides in order to intervene for its own benefit.  This is classic US Foreign Policy.  This is the real reason the world hates us, not because of our freedoms, but because of the corruption the entire world (minus the American population) is aware of.

Great, our friends the Terrorists doing good job, using weapons made in USA, killing civilians...they just need more help from Obama, UK, France and then they can kill everybody.....long live Al Qaeda, supported by USA!!!!

and then came the chemical weapons ... assad must be turning into a rat ... an aunt ... a fart ...

If There Was Money To Be Had The NRA Would Be Pushing Chemical Weapons As The Arms Referred To In The 2nd.   The NRA Is Anti-American And Thrives To Destroy America Buying Politicians With Blood Money.  The NRA And Their Gun Blessing For Momma Lanza Killed Those Children In Sandy Hook.

Bigger question...Now what? According to Obama this is the red line.