What "stability" ???? He's THEIR leader. How stable can one get. I'm assuming they don't have "background checks". And who needs one when the whole military machine's got your back.

Wait till he throws Dennis Rodman into JAIL over there.......!!!!

Send that new CIA informant Dennis Rodman to dispatch the problem.

i seen him posting on the net. goes by the screen name "slim #$%$ un"

How many Paper Tigers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? This country has cannibalism, and you ask if they are crazy? They don't have the money to feed their own people, and would only be a problem if used as a puppet by a more powerful nation, which is possible; unfortunately.All the people in these hideous countries should leave. They should escape. I don't know how any person could stand to live in such a hellhole. It must be like being trapped in hell.

...Nobody ever leaves me alone with the shiny red button.  I want them to.  I really, really do.

And he is just now figuring this out?

Leave Rodman alone!  Don't you have any compassion?  The man is in mourning over the POPE!  Leave him ALONE!!I hope I whined that as well as the blonde gay guy over Britney.

Lawmaker wonder about NKorean leader's 'stability'NKorean leaders worry about Joe Biden's sanity...........

Stability is something I think this little man has and also he has the " Brass G-nads " to threaten the most powerful nation on this planet and get away with it !!I am not worried about the N.korean leader stability. You have to worry about the people that surround him. They are the one influencing him.

So man has changed over the last 500 years and isnow  less violent.  Nothing has changed we will bomb ourselves back to the dark ages. Some will be ready and all others will die.

funny,I wonder about US lawmakers stablity all the time.

Instead of the American lawmakers worrying about this stupid kid Kim Junk Un. We should let the drone makers do the worrying. A couple of well placed drones might effect a change there that sanctions can't!And why must we spend billions for our defense when a good defense is a good offense. Are we gonna just wait until he sends missiles our way?

From DingDong1 to DingDong2 to DingDong3  they have gotten more and more mentally unstable.  Course Syphillis from birth will swiss chesse their brain.

The missing piece to solve this puzzle is shaped like China.

Karzai and Ahmedinejad are both pretty unstable too.

Wow a republican complaining about saber- rattling.  That is the pot calling the kettle Black.

Like Nero, the brat Kim will be playing X-box while Pyongyang burns.

More of a danger to the U.S. and the world ins the unstable agitator in the WH.I'm more concern with Congress stability than the Dear Fat Leader.....

I am more than willing to help my country out by diagnosing Kim Jong  for free of charge given the budget crisis we have.It really simple. He suffers from being a Complete homcidal maniac waiting to excact revenge for being born N. Korean instead of Mexican whereas he could have gotten amnesty and citizenship for free but the US helped the S. Koreans and his mother was denied access over the border to Mexico.Prognosis is simple wipe him out before he strikes at any American except Dennis Rodman.No I'm not a trained Psychologist   but i did stay at a red roof inn last night!!!

He is as stable as any other eight yr old with a Nuke.

Maybe so... but how long can they go being" all show and no go"

Feck North Korea !

Indeed it's looking for some provocations.

North Korea is gearing up and the US, thanks to Barry, is getting rid of nuclear weapons.  What the &amp;*(),    Russia is also getting more nukes.  Why are we allowing BHO to destroy our defenses, especially since he is giving so omuch money and planes to the muslim brotherhood.

The United States can do no wrong, and therefore anybody who opposes the United States by definition is an insane, deranged, unstable, madman and lunatic.  This is a FACT.  God bless!

Well we've done more than enough for Korea.He needs not rattling the sabers with us. Show of relatively tiny force and then a back down as usual.

And most Americans wonder about our own Government and law makers mental stability.