That "Leading from Behind", working so well for us........

Why not tell North Korea we have a sub  in their area and if they shoot anything our way we are going to  end the war and there will be no need for talks.

If we are reducing our deterrent (nuclear arsenal), wouldn't it be more important to have a stronger defense (missile defense)  against those in the world (Russia, China, Iran, North Korea) that have or will have nuclear weapons pointed at US cities?

I would prefer to have missile and nuclear arms talks while my missile defense shield was in place, if you don't mind.

The Russians are not our friends.

Until just recently the Obama administration has stated that North Korea remains years from developing a nuclear missile arsenal, now all of a sudden they have become an immanent threat to our shores. What's going on, do we need a larger CIA or more spy drones? Or have we been kept in the dark of the actual now threat being imposed by North Korea and Iran? In other words, just plain lied to.

Someone quickly tell Rodman to return to NK and settle this dilemma.

"I'll have more flexibility after the election"Barry let the Russians in on this plan before the American citizens. Typical.

They say N.K. can only fire one, maybe two missiles. They already have 26 Interceptors in Alaska. If they can't shoot them down with 26, 14 more ain't gonna help them. The Interceptors aren't for North Korea. They're there to counter Russia.

The biggest problem with Hagel is like all of the President's men...the requirement for the job is speak only one word, (yes).no defense system in oregon or washington?

This is all smoke and mirrors #$%$...North Korea knows it would be wiped out if it ever landed a nuke on US soil...every North Korean would be dead

This is all about blackmail.Don't give them a penny.

Latest news release!!!!    Fiji has declared war on the U. S. -- we verified they have four M-80' s -- fully capable of blowing up two or three mailboxes -- the U. S. has deployed 3 billion dollars worth of defense material to defend against this "serious threat"!!!

A President's first duty is to protect America's...(1) Well get rid of the "kings" tester, (2) lay off 3% of the infested federal employees...(3) Stop spending money on the Egyptian Brotherhood and those that want to kill us. (4)  Cut the pork for finding out why " monkeys scratch their but"...(Cut the pork senate &amp; congress steal for their districts (5) Concentrate programs, not 50 of the same fed. programs. (6) Politicians should fire their families. (7) Cut taxes so we can grow. (8) Do for the good of the USA and not other countries. --- The list is long. President Obama PROTECT Americans First. Oh and stop paying for your ladies of the night with tax dollars. Spend our money like you spend your own.

"This is my last election. After my reelection I'll have more flexibility."That is a comment made by someone who knew the election was just a way to incite more division in an already divided United Staes.....obama knew he was getting a second term and we were getting the screw.

This guy has a problem even putting a sentence together.

Those missiles never threatened Russia's nuclear strike capability.  What the Russians really want is to limit the contacts between the United States and former Soviet satellite countries of Eastern Europe, countries that Russia has long considered rightfully in its orbit - long before the Soviet Union ever existed.  Those missile sites would mean the presence of American soldiers and technicians in those countries, nationals of those countries traveling to the US for training, and the increased fraternization all this would entail.

personally i'd be more worried about a bomb coming across the southern border than the pilsbury doughboy lobbing s nuke. just saying.

Obama didn't  have any arms control talks.  He just adopted a political and social view that America should unilaterally disarm.Why?A.  He lives in a fantasy world of love and peaceorB.  He doesn't want America to be the freedom protecting sovereign nation that defends liberty world wide.It is incredible to me that a community agitator is intrusted with so many important decisions he has no clue on; health care reform, national defense, etc.

Since Obama has run out of actual human beings to blame, everything nowis blamed on a nothing sequester.

Last night Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Obama was containing Iran. Then he said he misspoke. Then he had another drink, made a pass at Janet Napolitano, and fell asleep in Obama's lap.

IF  Nuc ICBMs are ever launched it will be the end for anyone on the surface of this planet . If you aren't killed by the blasts you will either die quickly from high radiation sickness or slowly from radiation poisining . No amount of radiation pills are going to save your #$%$. The leaders of all Nuc armed countries are aware of this. Even hiding in underground shelters like rats will not protect them forever

If we are going to spend a billion dollars to construct additional missile silos, then why not in this country.  Seems to me we could use the jobs.

They need to retarget a few of our ICBM's toward Korea instead of china.

Now other countries have input as to what our defenses should or should not be?

Just use the funds that would normally fund the Islamists. I believe a bold new concept should be used here, "Stop arming and training the enemy, and build a new and improved defensive system". The United States could and should have a better defense. Since the US military doesn't seem to be using much of their offense capability, just more body bags(i.e. middle East).

I think our government needs to revisit all defense plans in light of new technology.  I am more afraid of our own missiles being "high jacked" then I am of any missiles "owned" by other countries.  We are severely lacking in our efforts to combat the very real dangers  of cyber "highjacking".

Remember Obama last year with the Russian President telling him "When I get re-elected next year i,ll have more leverage" when he thought the Mics were turned off! Whats the above story about? Have a good day!If Iran says something similar to North Korea, team Obama/Hagel will deploy another set of interceptors to the East coast to protect USA!!!

Another ally thrown under the bus .....

Appeasement is always the object for this administration

Ah, the second Cold War arms race.  ALWAYS good for business, weapons manufacture.  High cost, long lead times on finished product, etc., not to mention national security considerations.  N. Korea and Iran will cause this to happen, and along with it, cost us billions it tax dollars.  The cold war ended without a shot being fired, what does that tell you?  It tells me that it was all BS to get us to spend money freely on the military.  Congress was easy to talk into that when the word "communists" was used.  Been going on since the end of WW11.

This could leave Europe vulnerable to Soviet invasion, and with European countries being such great allies...oh, wait...COOL!

Aw hell.  Here's an idea....Just build a boxing ring in Maui and let Putin, Kim Jung Un, Obama and Ahmadinejadgo at it.  Who needs this B/S anyway??

Always defensive measures that have doubtful effectiveness.  I would letNorth korea know, in a very roundabout manner, that we have nuclear subs,targeting every major military installation and strategic infrastructure asset,to be immediately launched should any nuclear attack be initiated towardsthe USA or any of its allies.  What a world makind has created!!  Where isGORT when we need him the most??

So if we are to broke to defend ourselves and N. Korea can keep spending on their nukes and ICBMs, doesn't that mean bad news for us?

Obama is turning us into a weak nation. Obama is a jackass.

So "whzupChuck" Hagel says YES to anything Obama says and Obama says YES to anything Russia or Egypt or the Muslim Brotherhood etc., but NO to AMERICANS ????Depending on the nuke, it does not matter to the average person where it goes off in the airbecause in that event just put you'r head between you'r legs and kiss you'r but godby. The fatcats that let this simmer will be safe under ground because they are important. That includes Forest Gump Biden.

Love the photo.  Emblematic of a failed state's leader looking forlornly at what could have been.

If this administration was concerned about the safety of the American people, first of all, they wouldn't be releasing thousands of criminals back on the street, and secondly, they wouldn't be restricting law abiding citizens from owning guns.

They are laffing at us they make a threat and we spend billions.

It's nice to finally see some information about a missile defense system. Unfortunately, they don't seem to sound very confident as to it's viability...

good thing U.S will add more defense systems here instead of foreign countries. 1 billion will bring lots of domestic jobs.

Has Hagel's voice gone up any since he became Obama's hand puppet?

I'm been trying to come up with something positive to say about our Government...  2 hours later I'm blank, theres nothing there !!!!

Obama had already made this concession to Russia...or doesn't anyone remember "more flexibility?"

Funny how we are getting all these Threats at the same time the left are trying to disarm the American Citizenry.I think someone should teach what" Commander in Chief" means to Obama

Is it just me or does this poor guy look tired and confused.  Way past time (thanks to the Democrats)we built a creditable missile defense to protect our selves from the worlds mad men with nuclear weapons and the missiles to deliver them.

So was this what the POTUS whispered a while back, something about more freedom after the election?

Bush planned this, Obama cancelled it when he got into office. That was the start of the demise of US security under Obama.

"May provide opening for talks ???"Obama already gave up the interceptors planned for Poland and radar in the Czech Republic. Why concede anything before the talks even start? Why not use them for leverage? We have an idiot in the White House.

The Russia has a few thousands nuclear missiles...how do you counter them with 44 interceptors?

The same missle sites Obama closed down! Sounds funny Obama plating with millions of lives!

The Interceptor missiles are 99 percent accurate. North Korea doesn't even have 5 missiles to send. so why do we need to build more. sounds like another Obama con job.

Good for Hagel! Talking is over with North Korea, they are just too GD stupid.

Well all I know is that you better hope the interceptors work because you'll only get one chance.Who starts negotiations from a point of stated weakness?  I’ll tell you who, Obama. This country is flushing itself down the toilet.

Hagel making things up as he goes along....  just like the Senate hearings.

Phase 4 was already planned to be cancelled before Obama's reelection. Just remember what he said when he was caught telling the Russian delegate that he could do more after his reelection. Obama keeps his promises to other nations not the USA citizens!!

Send a couple of missiles to the right place, And we won't need to talk.

Well, at least the 43 million Americans on food stamps will be fat when they get incinerated.

The Obama administration on Friday cited development problems and a lack of money...Isn't it amazing what they do have money for...!  Obama is being quite flexible on this point.

free money giving....but now they want more taxes the poor again....will they not stop...tax the rich....

It is not a good idea to tell our enemy what we are doing Some things are good to hide

Bad Rodman.you left the condom in little Kims aese.

This country needs a mad dog person to step upIt's just another part obama's plan for the collapse of America.

Maybe THIS is what obama meant when he said he would have more flexibility after the election. To me, this says "don't trust the US". we made a deal, an agreement with Poland and the Check republic that obama has reneged on.  If Russia wants to start building more nukes to counter our defense system, that's their perrogative. Obama and Hagel have said they want to reduce our nukes, even if it s unilaterally. So, they are wlling to reduce our nuclear deterrant ability wthout requiring Russia to do the same.  Yes, they have said they want both sides to reduce their stockpile, but have said they are willing to cut ours even if Russia doesn't.  also, Hagel said that the ones they are most interested in eliminating are the "deployed" nuclear weapons. Meaning they want to rely on land based missles alone. You know, the ones that would be targeted and destroyed if a nuclear attack happened. The ones that they know where they are.   Obama and Hagel want to eliminate the ones that are "hidden" and hard to attack. You can't attack something if you don't know where it is. But, I'm sure Russia will let inspectors on their subs to verify they have eliminated their sub based nuclear weapons as well, right?  sure, they will. But, that is the idiotic idea of the liberals. Disarm the good guys and the bad guys will throw their weapons away too. Then, there won't be any more wars, or crime and we can all live in peace and harmoney. and no, conservatives are NOT paranoid. were just not STUPID. we know that giving up our arms will only make us vulnerable, not safer.

More billions wasted

Borrowing Communist Chinese money to build anti missile missiles to combat communist missiles, now that's the Obama way....

I'm convinced that the current administration is locked in on reducing our capabilities to that of a third world country. He has no desire for us to be able to protect ourselves from attack. We protect ourselves from a position of power-not equality. When our adversaries have as many, or more, weapons than we do we will be just like everyone else.

What a farce!!.....we have it on good, reliable authority that all one has to do is fire your shotgun in the air off your back patio.    That should easily cover any potential threat.

Interesting they instantly have 1 billion for 14 unneeded missiles(almost 72M each) based on routine NK chest thumping.

This administration has ignored North Korea's nuclear weapons development for so long, the recent announcement NK made took the administration by surprise.  As soon as the threat information was received, the President should have personally called the NK President immediately and arranged a meeting about the situation.  Instead, he's still on the campaign trail and will be going to Israel with no agenda.  The move Chuck Hagel has made to send Interceptors to Alaska in defense of a possible launch from NK is a good move, but should have been preceded by a meeting with NK which could possibly result in positive negotiations.  If there had been negotiations in the past 60 or so years, perhaps Korea would be a united nation by now without the nuclear threat the North is imposing today. WHERE ARE OUR LEADERS?????

Would you fire a nuke at the USA and risk the near certainty of having a thousand H-bombs rain down on you from our 'Ohio class' (Wikipedia it for a cool photo of the end of the world machine)  submarines? I sure wouldn't.

Missle defense, isn't that what the media and left jump all over Prez Reagan for, his idea to protect America.This fear-mongering must stop, North Korea is not a threat, here goes more billions to the defense industry!

Moscow is upset that the 4th planned upgrade of the interceptors "would be able to stop its intercontinental missles launched at the US and undermine Russia's nuclear deterrent" Duh, isn't that what we want?

This man does not have the self confidence and stamina to handle the job of Sec'y of Defense!

Funny ,, The leftist were always opposed to missile  defense systems envisioned by REAGAN !

stick a fork in US; we're done!!

In the 1990's we were 30 years ahead of NORKOR that's someone I don't want to say who ( he was busy getting head in the oval office) decided for political gains (ie money) he would let this buddy sell missile tech to NORKOR. Now they can in theory hit the US. Still think Slick Willy is a god? (these are facts libs don't doubt them look them up)

Much better plan.  The purpose of our military should be to defend this country first and not other countries.   If the Europeans want the defense, then let them pay for it.

What does DennisRodman have to say about this?

"Never let a crisis go to waste, Mr. President"Thats why you keep creating them.

We sat by during WWII and look what happened to Pearl Harbor? Better QUIT sending money to these foreign nations and use it to protect our own borders INSTEAD of cutting backA billion dollar missile to nowhere.

Obama blinked, and the Russians won. No surprise from the fraud in chief.

Target the WHITE HOUSE  N Korea!  PLEASE !!!!!

has anyone noticed all the military stuff going to the pacific region lately,and it isn't for north korea's benefit.can you say china

We have so many brilliant intellectuals in this country many in academia . . . why have none tackled the subject of how a delusional, propagandist-based country could survive for so long.I guess our intellectuals are too busy endlessly prattering on about how if it were not for American hegemony in the world, none of this would ever have happened.  They then write a check to the atomic scientists in the 40s who gave the Russians the formula.

They should do what Kennedy did to settle the Cuban Missile crises.  We agreed to remove our missiles form Turkey in exchange.. . . All they need to do is announce plans to build a dozen missile launching sites inS. Korea  . . .  both for firing on N. Korea in retaliation, and missile defense banks.. . .  If they complain, just tell them it's called "Detente"  . . .  and we can provide a lot more if they like.

Obama administration has effectively wasted millions in taxpayer’s dollars by cancelling the 14 silos it now wants to install along California and Alaska.  Has this man no shame when it comes to costing the US the taxpayers money?

Screw Russia and NK...

Why is it nessecary to tell the world what our defensive capabilites are?  The treaties that we signed deal with europe, not so much with the US.  I would think that our numbers of defensive missles should be held in confidence!  Otherwise the "enemy" only needs to send the apporpriate number of fake missiles so as to have us use up our defense, and then shoot off the real thing at us.   I guess maybe someone may have considered that but no matter what, sharing our abilities to defend our nation isn't anyone elses dam business.

The president reminds me of a dog chasing it's tail.The strawman argument is that North Korea actually wants peace. They don't, they want to win. The same is true of Iran and the "Palestinians"/Hamas/Hezbollah.

They already had them... They just added more to make the papers and act like they are doing something positive....

Collectively, the European Union has a GDP greater than the US.  If the countries in the European Union can compete economically as a unit, they can certainly provide for their own defense collectively as well.  For once, I agree with a move made by the Obama administration.

........ there may also be an Easter Bunny.

Hagel looks like he's already worn out.

do you feel like we are being set up?  like something isn't right.  move along, nothing to see here.

Chances that pot bellied pig in N Korea launches anything is next to nothing. None the less the DOD wants to place interceptors in California but not before a enviormental impact study is complete. If this were a credible threat could you imagine how far up Sheets Creek we really are. A friggen enviormental study out-weighs our national security. Its all over people we are officially dead in the water.GOOD LUCK

Tell Mr. Putkin  I'll have more flexibility after the election...yeah right.

"The Obama administration on Friday cited development problems and a lack of money."  That is most accurate reporting on the Obama's I have every read, and it sums up the last 7 years. Guess sometimes they let a little truth slip by.

Why are we responsible for Europe's missile defense? If Europe wants missile defense they should pay for it with their own money.To heck with the Soviets!

This administration is petrified of a rogue nation like N Korea at the same time that they are looking to disarm its own citizens. Now that's what I call paranoia.

Let's not be concerned about what comes in at our southern border, though.

I am not against Nuclear Weapons or against protecting the United States or even other places in the World for that matter.But why do we need 44  Nuclear missles when even just 10 would do a proper, safe and effective job?The cost of even one of these missles to taxpayer is  Billions of dollars.IMO  money  that could be spent on other things and programs

Many of the hard working countries realize the lazy liberal policies of free countries might spread to theirs and they do not want those entitlement policies to supercede their working policies.

Just 14?With Obama in the White House, the number should be 1014 more added.

FLEXIBILITY= abandonment of allies and treasonous accomodation of our enemies. And of course the Congress has no say in this.

Does this guy always look stoned?

I am sure Romania and Poland are not going to be too thrilled with this news either!

We need to quit paying to defend the whole dang world.  Put the best missile defense around the USA and close most of our foreign bases.  Let the global corporations that sold out American workers pay for their own police force.Just once I'd like this administration to grow some balls....

Hagle looks more like a drunk tha Boenner

Well I suppose, anything that Russia wants, MUST be in our best interest!

Well Obama did wisper to the Russians thatafter the election he would be free to address the Russians concerns.

did not  know the north koeans had to fire their missle  over poland to hit targets on our west coast   / same  with iran to hit our east coast  they must be not looking at the same map we are using

So this is how this Fing Obama/Hagel team protect USA against North Korea!!!

How long do you think it will be before Korea sends a nuke by ship or submarine off the east or west coast???

This must've really stuck in Mr. Obama's craw. It's very much like having to admit that his earlier decision to cancel was a mistake.

The Low Life is folding to the Russians and using budget as an excuse.

Rather than stirring the pot with Russia who is a historical ally during the greatest conflict in history, protecting against a loose cannon is a logical step with the added benefit of spending the money on home defense and using it for a change AT HOME.I would like to see mobile defense systems myself so it would be easier to shuffle the deck and keep future antagonists guessing where they are located.More missles on the West Coast?Do democrats want us to thank Obama or blame Bush?

I wonder if N.Korea realizes that if they launch an attack on us, that we can reshape their garden landscape in about a minute without using bulldozers and steamshovels...

We cave like the liberal #$%$ we are becoming. Can't afford it ? Really ? He's telling the world how weak we are. Obama is a very stupid man.

There is already a laser based missle shield that is being deployed in space. The plan described here is acting as a phase1 counter deterrent.

Anyone for a game of Risk?

there is something else in the works,,,, I don't think they are that stupid to even try to send a NUK this way

Obama has given the Russians everything they would have asked for before they even started formal talks.

This article doesn't make it clear that we wasted four years because Obama canceled Bush's plan and is now re-instating it. After taking office in 2009 Obama decided to cap the number of interceptors for countering long-range missiles at 30. The missile defense program that the Obama Administration inherited from the Bush Administration called for 44 ground-based interceptors in Alaska and California for countering long-range missiles.

The pentagon is very desperate to find new programs to justify to keep their budget intact. So instead of placing them near Russia with its thousands of ICBM's, they try to justify new weapon developments on Korea's threat. Please note that Korea may have one ICBM many many years from now. If you add 30000 soldiers in Korea, 70000 (my guess) in Japan and all these developments plus the 7th fleet, we must be spending at least 70B (100 more like it). It would be cheaper to give N Korea 10B per year for peace and we can withdraw all our soldiers there. Why? Who are we fighting there? China? No way. They need our market and they also need the money they loan us back. They cant afford to start a war. Russia? Their theater is in East Europe.

Obama Drama...just a week ago they stated that NK wasn't any threat to the West Coast.Soviet/Russia Communists have control of the Democrat Party. Obama's claimed parents were Communist.  His "grandparents" who raised him were Communist.  Obama's childhood mentor was a Communist. Obama entered the IL Senate race with the help of a Communist. Valerie Jarret's Parents and in-laws were Communists. Leon Panetta associated with known Communists. Their endgame is destruction of US Armed Forces so Russia/China can fill the void.

The dems/liberal press routinely and prolongly ridiculed Reagan for proposing these systems decades ago. Turns out, he was a visionary.

looks like an alcoholic, doesn't he ? not a recovering alcoholic, just an alcoholic.

Why have interceptor missiles which may or may not work set up near a country which is no longer likely to attack us.  Russia stopped being a threat when the Soviet Union dissolved.  China isn't making noise about attacking us, maybe because we owe them trillions.  Korea and Iran may not have the capability now, but they're working on it.  So the interceptors need to be ready for this.

What kind of dolt would tell your opponents your strategies?

No more talk, get the darn thing installed and fully working. Then if you want to talk -- talk! **For Pete's sake get your Priorities in order**

it would be cheaper to give dictator Un season floor seats to the lakers and a dater a week with Rodman

The 'extra missile' plan for Alaska was proposed by Bush in 2006 and voted down by the Pelosi House in 2007. Now, knee jerk, BO and his flunky Hagel resurrect the idea "because if the imminent threat" ( BO's words ). What none of our liberal mouthpieces report, however, is that even with expeditious approval by congress the soonest these missiles would be operational would be in 2017.......so much for an "imminent threat".

If we are wrong on the timing for kim whats to say we are not wrong with iran they tell us he is years away from being able to send a bomb here, but maybe he isnt this man is not looking for attention he wants a nuke war he will send one here if we dont stop him..

"Missile plan changes may provide opening for talks".....this "journalist" uses an analogy that a person pointing a weapon at you is wanting to discuss life.Even the Koreans know Obama is an idiot.appeasment to russia over europe? why not just build a west coast missile defence system to go with one in europe?

More crisis management from the idiot in chief.  When will we get rid of this guy?  Elections have consequences.  Let's hope the consequence is not the destruction of the USA by a rogue nation.  While obama is off trying to rid the world of OUR nuclear weapons  pee on yang and eye ran may lob a few of theirs nukes on obama's baren kingdom.

I am all for a missle defense for countries oversas, as long as they pay for it.

The Obama administration on Friday cited development problems and a lack of money in announcing the cancellation of the interceptors set to be deployed in Poland and possibly Romania early next decade.A prime constitutional requirement is that the government provide for the 'defence' or protection of the country. This does not say 'if we can afford it'. I would never suggest that we spend on ad infinatum fo defence like we seem to be doing for entitlements and social programs, but to use spending as an excuse for not defending the country is a crime.

Hagel will get on it as soon as he has another double vodka.

Shouldn't there be more talk about what to do with North Korea? If someone says the are going to strike you do you just change your exercise routine?

Obama is getting to be like a nagging wife who keeps bringing up the money.

Let's be clear on this: Obama abandons missile plan for our European allies because the missiles don't work, but will spend $1BILLION to deploy  same missiles to protect the US. What's wrong with this picture? Do the missiles really work and he is lying as usual? Or is this another example of the stupidity of his liberal thinking?

Hagel is a joke .. Obama is a joke ,,Kerry is a joke! This administration is and will destroy the United States of America.

We need to start worrying about this country...  Other countries are not our problem.  I don't care if we are talking about Britain, France, Somolia or Venezuela...  Keep your attention at home and don't worry about ANY other country...this guy is jerry sandusky,s brother!

The bottom line of this article says: "A slew of recent reports by congressional and defense analysts suggested the interceptors might not work." I 'll bet U.S. interceptor missles work a lot better than North Korean bottle rockets."Hagel cited North Korea's December rocket launch that put a satellite into space and showed mastery of some of the technologies needed to produce a long-range nuclear missile." North Korea's ascent to greratness is overestimated. In December they launched a 220 pound satellite which did nothing, if any electronics were on board they failed.The warheads for early U.S. ICBM's weighted 600 pounds and yielded 0.5 megatons of TNT, thus the 220 pound which North Korea has demonstrated the ability to launch could yield approximately 183 kilotons of TNT, if the North Koreans could build such a device (so far 6 kilotons is the largest weapon they have tested). The Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombs yielded 18 kilotons and 23 kilotons, respectively, so the 220 pound warhead could be fairly effective against a target (damage radius 3 to 4 miles whereas the 6 kT weapons damage radius is about 1 mile), if they could accurately target the weapon.Targeting a ballistic missile requires figuring out how high to launch the warhead so as to reach the target with a missile capable of inserting the warhead into a low Earth orbit (about 100 miles altitude) plus timing the flight of the missile over a MOVING Earth so that the missile hits the correct target (a few seconds error in shutting down the booster rocket can mean thousands of miles of error). These calculations can be made but are not easy. Then you run into other problems such as the warhead surviving intact the fiery re-entry and having a missile that can fly the distance. Since the North Korean missiles have so far only traveled about 2,500 miles, the nearly 6,000 miles between Pyongyang and Los Angeles is a major obstacle. The 4,600 miles to Honolulu is still out of range but the 500 miles to Beijing should cause the Chinese to help us stop NK's nuclear program in its tracks.

Name the only country that has EVER nuked anyone?  Who?  Russia?  Iran?  North Korea?  Nope.  Quit being two faced.

Had we listened to Reagen the missile defense system would have been in place 20 years ago

What?  Obama taking advice from me, a conservative hawk?  I cannot believe it!  Is he ACTUALLY taking the NK threat seriously?  What's next?  Confronting Iran?  Oh well, cannot have everything...I think Obama is trying to save his liberal base and Hollywood money friends in CA!  LOL!

Buy a gun and be prepared to shelter in place for three weeks.

That "Flexability after my re-election" is becoming apparent !

If Europe wants a missile shield let them pay for it.  In the meantime, full speed ahead on a US shield.

dont worry, Russia I saw obama on the front lawn this morning , only problem is i dont know if he was surrendering to you or alqueda

There is only one problem with these missile interceptors. They don't work. They have failed every test that simulates a real attack. They have however, made Defense Contractors billions in our wasted tax dollars.Technically it is true that a dog farting in the woods theoretically can eventually lead to Iran having a Nuclear weapon, since ANYTHING is possible. But in the practical world, things like Iran only having small centrifuges to locally make reactor plates pursuant to local mining, cannot without a total re-design for unconcealable enormous size (like ALL those elsewhere actually used for weapon grade enrichment) SPECIFICALLY lead to Iran having a nuclear weapon. However, even if Iran's power stations are all bombed by Israel and friends doing away with a business competitor, Iran can purchase "sloppy" nuclear waste and clandestinely refine it into a Plutonium weapon, like the Israelis have already done. The continuing of all the nonsensical lies and the phony sanctions based upon them, with demands the Iranians SURRENDER to these lies, definitely WILL eventually lead to a Plutonium/Uranium WW3, starting with an uber-dirty Plutonium surface blast just offshore and upwind from Tel Aviv.

I'm so tired of these people eternally spending our warbucks on fantasies.All we ever get for it is McJustice, McRoads, McFood, McHope and Lies.

let our European "allies" defend themselves or learn to speak Russian.  time to bring ALL troops and equipment back to the states.  WWII ended over 65 years ago.

We created the problem with north Korea by Doing Nothing tto stop them ! It looks like we are doing the same thing with Iran. It is very clear that Talk does not work with these rouge nations. We should starve Korea to death and destroy Iran immediately !

The ONLY talk now should be, which city is his most favorite...then level it!

We don't need defense missiles to protect the West Coast Liberals... just ask them... they think our military and defense spending is useless.

Remember when libs thought Reagan was stupid for proposing  the Star Wars shield?  Not so dumb after all--was he?

someone explain to me why blocking psycho nuclear missiles is a bad thing?  You know russia and the US should work together to come up with a good anti missile system- share the tech, get rid of most the stupid missiles no one wanted except military nutbags anyway, and we can have a nice defense in case some militaristic dictator nutbag country like N korea or syria decide to launch a strike against us.

Gives me such a warm feeling to live in such a safe world. Are there any other planets available for habitation?

Ambassador Rodman provided all the opening we need for talks.  It had nothing to do with missile plan changes.I'm liking the sequester more and more. I don't care about defending Poland, I do care about California and Alaska. America first!

iran misle crews must be real stupid  uf they send their musske over poland to hit u.s targets on the u..s east coast

There shouldn't be no arm reductions talk with Russia,the United States should be able to arm it self when ever in need, besides what about China and their ICBM? And between both Russia and China, do we have enough deterrence against both enemies? Not to mention North Korea and Iran!

I can't even comment on this, I'm so stressed out with with all themistrust I have in our government now, starting right at the top.

As soon as nuclear war with North Korea breaks out, I'm going to quickly head to the nearest liberal area and start rampaging on them. That way I can at least be turned to ash with a smile on my face.

"may provide opening" - Please wait until you have news before you publish the "news".

why the hell would we NOT add missile defense to our allies.  This frickin Admin. is a joke. but we can spend a couple mill. for Nazi Pelosi's district following the breeding habits of a unicorn...

Our government will never listen to the people. There is an agenda. That plan is to disarm America, bankrupt the USA, get a one world order.After that, ENFORCE AUSTERITY measures  that will throw this nation into massive RIOTS when welfare is eliminated, unions are destroyed (well, that is good) entitlements are stripped and healthcare is denied for anyone who is too old, too poor, etc. THEN...watch the riots......You will not be able to protect yourself or your property.......WHY????Your guns have been taken away!!DO NOT believe it is for the children, that  is a ........................FLAT OUT LIE!!!Actually it will be nice to see the welfare rats rioting, when they realize THEY HAVE BEEN DUPED!!! Obama and the democrats were NEVER on their side!

All this nuclear talk is crazy, are we still in the stoneage here? Kill these people , kill that people, man kill, kill, kill, were killing our own people right here. Suppose everyone will wake up before we exterminate each other?

If a Russian told me the sun was shining I would go outside and check.  They have never honored their commitments or treaties and they still owe the US for all the material we provided in WWII.  I have worked all over the globe and  the Russian government was absolutely the worst collection of liars I encountered anywhere.lessening nukes overall is a good thing. Opening up our door to incoming missiles from other coutnries getting nukes is a very, very bad thing...Obama is basically weakening the US with every move in international policy and defense he makes.

I'm sure Obama is as fine a military stragigist as Hitler was.  I know for sure we are safe because Obama has his best man is on it.  An other wise has been inlisted man that studied military strategy from the EPA.

We need to park nukes in Russia and China's back yards, until they do something about North Korea and Iran. Who cares if they're "opposed"....that's the idea!

Is this what Obama meant when he whispered in the Ruskie's ear, "I will have more flexibility after the election." ????

Defense is explicitly defined in our Constitution as the responsibility of the federal government. Naturally, Obama ignores the maintenance of a strong defenseWealth transfer consumes our $ and nothing is returned.Wealth transfer is Obama's focus; to consume and destroy our wealth.Four more years of this incompetent and a greatly weakened America as the only result

Good thing russia doesn't have a long proven history invading its neighbors any chance it thinks it can get away with it. It will just be a friendly annexing of Poland in the future. They will have tea and cookies and possibly even a cake at the party.

Why are we letting Russia dictate our security needs. We are not each others threat for the simple reason that MAD works. We could never build a defense adequate enough to protect us from them and neither can they. The missile defense that was to be put in Poland is to protect us and our allies from Iran. Russia doesn't need the protection they are not threatened. We and our allies however do need it because Iran might just be crazy enough to use the weapons betting that we wouldn't retaliate. The only real stick the Russians have is they won't negotiate an arms reduction. So what? They can't use them any more than we can.

The Russians are just shaking their heads over all the incompetence’s they are seeing from this administration.

I wonder if the low information  voters will ever catch on that America is a sitting Duck under this Brainless president who thinks giving another country lots of money will make them Love us?????????

Obama administration caves in again."nuclear arms reductions"Really means "Yes we will do ask you ask for your concerns", "Whispering to the next guy, go ahead, build the next 40 ICBM's", Turning back "Everything is good, lets sign the treaty"

"By adding 14 interceptors to a missile defense system based in Alaska and California, the U.S. is abandoning a critical part of a European system strongly opposed by Russia. Yet the decision also could provide a potential opening for new arms control talks." So if NK fires 15, we're screwed!!!!

triple the missile defense of every state here... forget the aide on those countries who in the end are just gonna hit us behind our back.

Extortion of taxpayers money is all this is . Always has been as this is just another way our gov steals from the american workers

Hagel is a moron

I'm so sick of war that I could puke.

I would prefer some more of those be put in California. And Hawaii.

Just a political ploy to keep the defense budget untouched.

We have to talk to the Russians before they start building more ICBMs pointed toward us.

The destruction of America continues.Let me see f I have this correct. . . Russia is upset that the last phase of our interceptor program would render their missiles (directed at us) useless? Are they nuts?? Isn't that the whole purpose of a missle defense system to undermine other countries nuclear missile programs?? Maybe it's me, I don't know.

Roger --- Ron Paul said he would send 2 more Aegis system ships to the Mediterranean &amp; fund building 2 more.  The USA media then made him out to be a kook when he stated the 100% correct policy he would change.

Russia will exterminate those countries in the future.

Russia does not need a nuclear deterrent against the U.S.,so their concerns are unfounded.

Nonproliferation  does not seem to apply to the democracies

"Hagel said the 14 additional interceptors should be in place in Alaska by September 2017, but not before they have been adequately tested."   HUH!  It's 2013 now, by then parts of the US and South Korea will be ashes with all the threats and rhetoric coming from the North.

NORTH KOREA KNOWS..........OBAMA IS WEAK.......

When we get invaded and butchered, You will hear the weak atheist liberals beg for real men to save them and scream oh god help me. Just follow Obama ladies.

Check - or is this what BO's hot comment mic about 'wait until after the election' was all about?

Do you believe this?  This President has looked for an excuse to stop the missile project in Europe so now he is going to use this feeble excuse.  What a piece of total #$%$.  He has pulled 70,000 border guards and the missile project in Eu ope which has compromised all of our safety.  This man has to be impeached.  All the act of a two year old.So now we know what Obama meant when he whispered, wait until after the election.

Obama is putting this country in danger that we may not survive.

They should have been in place before any threat was made. Be ready at all times, learn from history ( Pearl Harbor )

Dear Kim Jong Un,Please address all incoming mail and packages to:The White House1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NWWashington, DC 20500(more specifically: 38d 53' 51.58" N / 77d 02' 11.42" W, Elevation 58ft)(PS: mark parcels: "Attn: President Barrack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Soeroto, aka Harrison J Bounel)(coordinates courtesy of Google Earth)

don't fool yourself-the russians don't want a war. they are cold and hungry. the russians want food and heat. they want levi's, vodka and cigarettes. they like scotch and burbon whiskey because all they get is vodka. i know because my inlaws are russian.the fear mongers want you to believe the bad people are trying to get you.the iranians don't want a war. the iranians want the same thing and they don't want western interests dictating to them who they will sell their old to or who will control and tax their currently independent currency. they want their independence and the rights to make their own choices just like you do.the north koreans act like they want war, but really want food and heat, just like the russians, and have learned to act like children with threats of tantrums to get what they want. the north koreans cannot sustain a war even on the south korean front. surrounded by western interests and  big bro- china, they must do as they are told or be exterminated. the chinese do not want war, they want to economically dominate the world.the enemy is in your imagination.the incorporated war mongers control the press and want you to be afraid of the "owl."the "owl" is a creature that moves in the dark, you never see and has no intent of harming you. he is simply hunting for his next meal. just like you.do yourself a favor and STOP  listening to the american media.the american media used to be an honest, independent news source. now it is an incorporaated propaganda machine designed to mislead you, make you spend your money, and keep you afraid of all the boogie men.

let the europeans pay for their  missle defense systerms/ how is a  rockit  in poland going to stop a missle headed towards u.s from fired  irain  or north koera its all b//s and lies systerm in place agaist the russians .. //just look at a map you trel me why iran or north koera would fire a missle at us by sending it over poland  or romania // tell the truth shame the devil

Screw Russia,place our missiles where they need to be placed to protect this country. Why should we care what Russia thinks?

We're opting for the slower defensive missles?Who is this guy?Where did he come from?

Russians realize they have a problem with payback from Hispanics and within years they will control the US policy, if I were Russia I would be worried and looking to defend myself.

After decades of pouring taxpayers money to pocket of "Military Industrial Complex", our leaders have no clear response against threats of a 3rd world country. Perhaps, our government needs Ahmadinejad and North Korea type of scarecrows when it comes on stealing our money and taking away our rights. Just look around the world and see which country has been mother of all chaos since WW2.the Real Danger to the USA  Is RUSSIA CZAR Putin and the ISRAELI Leaders.remember it was the ISRAELI who Attacked and Killed 60 USA Sailors on a USA  Navy Ship for No reason.

really why not the President arrange a Meeting with South Korea President  and her and Obama  go to N. Korea .If D. Rodman can do it  why not the President of the USA and  Stop this Madnessstop listening to cheney's war Hawk generals .

This is all about Barack's whispers to Medvedev. This is our President?????

Its high time to let Russia know that we can put anything we so desire on our soil, to protect us from harm. We don't need to ask,them anything. or care about what Pukin thinks we should do. Obama has shown that he is not for this country and has caused us problems with these rogue countries being a wimp when it comes to our safety and well being.They laugh at us and know they can get away with anything.

This would be the ideal time for Russia to attack the U.S. while we have a totally corrupt and inept leader whom the military is unlikely to follow in any new ventures.

again the obama admin created this mess, now they want to use it as a bargining chip for our national defense? get lost-now the truth :-dateline 5-16-2009Lawmakers are demanding to know why the president's proposed 2010 defense budget cuts missile defense by $1.2 billion and does not provide any funds for the European missile defense shield as Iran and North Korea defy the international community with missile testing.Iran tested its longest-range missile to date last month, and North Korea in April took another step toward an intercontinental ballistic missile on the same day President Obama gave a speech in the Czech Republic touting U.S willingness to protect Europe and the United States from rogue missiles.Under President Bush last year, Defense Secretary Robert Gates and then-Secretary Condoleezza Rice signed agreements with Poland and the Czech Republic to base interceptors and radar there, but now the Obama administration appears to be backtracking."I thought it was certain that the Poles and Czechs believe that it was a commitment we made," Sen. John McCain said Tuesday during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing."We have not made a decision to go forward with that at this point," Deputy Defense Secretary William Lynn replied.At Fort Greeley in Alaska, the missile defense silos can defend the U.S. from both North Korea and Iran, but the Obama budget would cuts the number of interceptor missiles based there from 44 to 30. And that has both Republicans and Democrats asking, why now?"Is this being budget-driven?" Sen. Evan Bayh, D-Ind., asked."The numbers don't add up to me," said Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., "I think it's just a question of somewhere somebody has decided to cut missile defense substantially, and you're doing the best you can under a difficult circumstance."Sen. Mark Begich, D-Alaska said: "With North Korea, it seems since we've made this announcement, as I've said, 40 percent of their testing has occurred, plus an underground nuclear test. I mean, I don't know. That seems risky to me."Asked the odds of shooting down a rogue missile using the current ground-based system in Alaska and California, Marine Corps Gen. James Cartwright, vice chairman of the Joints Chiefs of Staff, said, "90 percent plus."The European interceptors would provide an added layer of protection to the U.S. from potential Iranian missiles. But the Pentagon is now looking at basing the interceptors onboard ships, or mobile launchers at existing U.S. army bases in Europe. But that capability won't be ready for eight years, a former missile defense official said.A recent Congressional Budget Office report found, "None of the alternatives considered by CBO provide as much additional defense of the United States."Pentagon officials say if North Korea proceeds to develop its long-range missile capacity, they'll adjust the following year's budget requests, leaving many on Capitol Hill asking, why cut it in the first place.

"Missile plan changes may provide opening for talks"  Yes, opening talks with the EPA as Hagel begs for the environazis' permission to build a missile base to protect the country.

open the Presidio back up as military base.

The dictator thugs of the world are acting as if the pres obumble and his cabinet of posers are really nothing to be feared.

Obama has cut the military so much that we don't have enough missiles to go around. How embarrassing is that.wouldn't want to reduce the constant meddling in foreign affairs that makes the u.s. a target of world hatred in the first place; just put more interceptors in place and whine when other nations seek the same leverage all the other nuclear-armed countries enjoy.  the u.s. is still the only country to have ever deployed nuclear weapons.

Comment:If Russia installed a missile system in close proximity to our country, wouldn't you be concerned about the safety of this country. When both countries have enough neucler weapons to start a chain reaction around the earth and destroy it, who would dare pull the trigger and unleash this uncontrollable power on the earth. What would be left of this earth to fight over?F.

Look who doesn't know how to play chess.

head for your bunkers fleabaggers, russias gonna nuke us now - and don't take any litte boys with you.

They don't want talks, you idiot...  They want to stay in power over a starving nation, they want food, and sooner or later they ARE going south to get it... Stop breathing our own methane...

It simply needs to be made perfectly clear, what will happen to North Korea, should even one of it's missiles somehow get into U.S. territory. We can inflict terrible damage and destruction in North Korea. The very, very few left alive there afterwards, won't like it!

Abandon all arms-reduction treaties.

The PRK has made some nice profit out of saber-rattling until somebody throws money, food, or diplomatic concessions their way. It's no surprise that Baby Kim is doing the same thing...maybe it's time to call his hand to see how much of it is pure bluff.

And Obama's plot to make the U.S. defenseless goes on!

Well, if California does get incinerated, Democrats lose 25%of their voting block.If the US can last till 2017 we'll have a 25% chance of being saved by one of these pos missiles...

Yep,  Let's screw our friends in Eastern Europe &amp; embolden the Russians... Fools.

China's air is so polluted when at a point of no return ,will they need a place to live?

Intercept a communication from Interpol: War Crime Hearings are scheduled where and when the offense occurs at a very basic level.

Remember before the election O telling the Russians he would have more flex after the elections. Remember how he pulled the rug from under the Poles and Chec's last year on the missile defense. This has been his plan from day 1.Putin must be laughing at this O for sure.

Lets just nuke North Korea and get it over with.

Why did US annouce this military plans?

Amazing---North Korea is testing missles right now..and the fastest we can get missles to Alaska is 2017?   And we can't add missles to the West Coast before "environmental studies" are completed?   Our enemies have to be laughing at us.   I bet Washington DC has plenty of missles today.   And, I thought that Star Wars was stupid and the left was against it?  Ronny Raygun and all that?    The weakness and hipocracy of the left never ends.And Hagel does look like a drunk.

Very convenient since 0bama never wanted to put missiles in Poland anyway.

How low can this guy go?Two months ago, he negotiates a trade deal wtih Mexico, guarnteeing Mexico will receive 3.5X more than they currently are for tomatoes.The destrucion of this country is in full swing on all fronts.If the present day attitude about defending our freedoms was in place in 1941, we'd all be speaking German today.

Don't expect to get Protection of any kind America!  This man (BO) and the liberal press are more concerned about what Hollywood does! And Expect all your taxpayer dollars to go overseas for bribery purposes!

How is adding 16 defense missles 4 years from now helping? Did anyone ever think that they could put a bomb on a ship and sail it to a US port?

A country run by Democrat Liberals will always be a Kiss#$%$ government.

This is the flexibility this he whispered to Medvedev and got caught on tape. Obama sucks!

Chuck, hush up your #$%$, america has drones, bombers flying day and night none stop satalite photographing the world and you and your missile #$%$ thing you are smart.Go get a life.

Oblameo is a muslim who hates America and wants us to be attacked.

I served in nam. That doesn't mean I qualify to be sec. Of state. It's not his courage that I question' it's his stupidity"

What did Obama promise Russia last year?

The North Koreans are still launching from very visible, above-ground silos.  The next time they start preparing a rocket, we should just wait until they're almost ready, and then hit it with a cruise missile. They said the armistice is over, let's just say we're taking that seriously.  If in response they shell Seoul, then they cease to exist within the next week.  I admit I don't live there, but frankly the South Koreans have had plenty of time to prepare for this and it's time to get this over with before it gets any more serious:  call their bluff, and if they're aren't bluffing, end the charade and the regime together.I love Russia's thinking, " you cannot put your defenses there because then we wouldn't be able to get our missiles to the US before you blow them up over Russia. Yeah Like I care if they do not want a missile defense system in Europe.

Get the thieves of big business out f-35 is so much money the problem is the company stealing it doesnt cost that much I know I worked for them they take avantage of tax payers

Remember a little slip of the tongue by Obama with an open mike, leading up to the election ?? He was speaking to the Russian ambas, and saying to the effect that Putin should "wait" until after Obama's election ?? Well, we've apparently come full circle..

this is a smart move, putting money on and in America for it's own defense and not overseas where there are enough missiles in Europe already.  forget the GOP Rep. Mike Rogers of Alabama, the Alabama senator probably receives lobbying and campaign contributions from the military industry since Huntsville is a silo museum center. since redstone arsenal is a vehicle rehab center for the use and re use of govt vehicles?  if you don't build and deploy missiles to another country, but instead put them on American soil, then how is it going to cost the taxpayer more money?  especially when those phases are not implemented, and are only in the planning stages?  oh I forgot somebody in Poland is going to get mad, oops, so let them export more hams to America and we will send more bus loads of tourists over there.  so it's actually the cost of a plan and a few phone calls and maybe a visit or two? the senator is making moot point that we need to protect Europe more than we already have, while leaving our back door open to Korea is obscene. I know there are smart people in Alabama, and it is beautiful, and I'm thinking of moving to Alabama, but with senators like this one, i'll rethink about buying property there and paying taxes if he is re-elected for not doing his job running the country and talking as if the world is going to end if we don't spend more money on the military while defending other countries overseas and now our own.

Talks Cheap ! and they have Wasted Trillions of Taxpayer Dollars in the last Century on pay off's and meetings that still end up the Same exact way.! cause these other countrys Know that the U S Goverment willl continue to pay them Extortion money  Everytime They want to pi.......ss  and moan about how Bad they have it and how  we are miss useing them.. or abuseing them. WE dont need to be in these other countrys wasteing America's  taxpayer money  just to have  Crooks and Con artist  begging for more and more

Hey Hagel,What is it with the bags under your eyes???  Boozing to much??......................

We must have plenty lying around that we never use so it should not cost the taxpayer anything right?

"Could spark unease among some U.S. allies, including Poland and Romania". And how much are they contributing to possibly keep the US missile defense intact?

you know we got the wrong guy in charge when the guy increases spending to the tune of $5.5 trillion 4 years and he can't manage to find a miniscule $80 billion in waste that could be trimmed. So he lets the entire government go to hell in a hand basket just so he can blame it republicans. He's not doing your family any favors, people.

Thehack Obama's plan is working! Or is it? Does anybody else think we've been Hageled?Snooze.  I can't wait for WWIII with N. Korea.  Wake some peeps up, foo!

The Enemy-In-Chief is jockeying for position for the upcoming meeting with the Russians. He is trying to get us into the most vulnerable posture possible for our enemies. The ultimate tactic here is to have America unilaterally reduce it's nuclear arsenal to the point where we would be at the mercy of our enemies.It is a fact that MAD (mutual assured destruction) has worked in recent history. The reason it has, and will continue to work is that anyone foolish enough to attack the United States would be blown off the planet. If you remove this deterrence, which Oh-Bummer fervently wants to do, there are countries that are crazy enough to try it and put the planet through that nightmarish scenario.America - keep your eyes on this individual currently in the White House !!!!!!!!!

Have we had an interceptor hit anything yet? I don't think so Tim!

Send Kim a Happy Easter card, it would be a lot cheaper.  Get real, if they can get tons of marijuana into the country, why do we need a billion dollar missile defense system to keep a small bomb out?

And we have a clueless idiot running the defense department this should go well.

1 Billion..Come on, when it is done, it will have cost 10 Billion..And they already have 26 interceptors in place???

DIRTY F LIAR TRAITORUS CON....GRESS---WHERE DID THE $1,000,000,000 COME FROM?

Obama got more "flexhibility" ..he is making the Russian happy....next, he will give away our nuclear arsenal....and the  welfare, free housing, food stamp people will be happy with that......

The war drums never stop beating.

We have nothing to wotty about just ask rodman........he's my buddy....And the march toward mediocrity continues.

North Korea is a problem that we need to be ready for, but barak hussein obama and eric holder is a much more dangerous problem right now here in the USA ! They are traitors to this country and are trying to destroy the USA every day ! They are racist who have a agenda against white people and will go to every length to undermine and destroy the USA ! He wants to throw out our constitution and make a marxist socialistic dictatorship ! The deadliest problem to the USA is obama ! Wake up you crazy liberals !

OBAMA promised Putin before the election that the US would abandon Eastern Europe by not installing the missile defense.  Opening talks?  They shouldn't have whispered...  OBAMA HAS SOLD OUT OUR ALLIES who helped "bring down that wall."

From the looks of this Hagel guy. HE'S ON DRUGS!

Oh good, let's talk, it sounds better than putting out the fire on the back of your children and having your roof caving in on you.

Instead of any Missile plan the President will heavily tax other countries for revenue such as Canada, Mexico, the Soviet Union, etc. which will not only stop future fiscal crisis but also add more money to social programs, job creation, etc. The new meteorite weapon (demonstrated recently in the Soviet Union) will be a good persuader for those countries that do not cooperate. Most countries (like the Soviet Union) will be happy to pay the heavy tax to avoid their own "catastrophe" because according to the President - our Federal Debt is tied to the global economy.

All this rhetoric!   Set  K.J.U  down,  AS A MATTER OF FACT!   MIDDLE EAST WANNA BE LEADERS TOO, ALONG WITH SOME BARBARY COAST HACKS and teach him how to spell PREEMPTIVE.  Real tired of Bulls Eye on our BACKS!

bush saw the writing on the wall, obama last time i looked is the writing on the walll

Does anyone remember that it was bill Clinton wanting to open talks with North Korea that gave them plans to build their own nuclear power plant reactors for peaceful reasons. Hows that working out for everyone?

Stop listening to what Russia wants!!!! omg!AP, this is NO TIME to abandon any missile defense system against Russia or Iran but to INCREASE their numbers, the Russians be damned if they don't like it! As far as N. Korea is concerned, so much for appeasing these commie totalitarian dictatorship loons - a WAR CONDITION exist presently, courtesy of the N. Koreans! This is no time to bluff or appease but to give an ultimatum to these dregs of civilization and humanity! A good commie is a DEAD COMMIE! Always been so even today, you NEVER, EVER trust these Godless dregs of human civilization!

President Reagan turns in his grave.

Obummer, a traitor who should be executed by a firing squad.

Why do we have to care for RUSSIA more than ourselves and our safety? Let the Russian go to the hell and just think about our country. We in the hell we need to talk to any one for no reason while we deserve the right to protect ourselves. Our politicians are acting as cowered for some unnecessary reasons most especially Obama. He also called the Chinese president the other day for stop hacking activities; it is like giving good advices to a devil. This administration is fill with some Morans  and idiots

North Korea threats are more credible than they used to be.   That is because they now really do have some missle technology that worries everyone.   Keeping Interceptor missles out of Poland and Rumania does not worry me.   Alaska is still pretty damn close to Russia, although nuclear war with Russia is unlikely.    Putin is KGB to his dna and Medyedev is his puppet.   Obama is too inexperienced to be a leader of anyone or anything.   Obama is someone's puppet.   Who is Obama's master?

The problem with the Obama Administration is, that they have told so many lies. And blamed everybody, and everything for their ineptness that, they are no longer trusted by the American people, or any foreign government in the world. You can't spend your entire first term claiming you are not responsible. And then expect anyone to believe you on anything.I suppose if North Korea launches a nuculear tipped missile at us. Obama will blame George Bush, Fox News, or some lame video movie. In the meantime he has sold out our allies, Poland and Romania. Just as he promised Russia he would do if re-elected.

Well Obama gives Putin his wish.. remember the famous "Wait till I'm re-elected" Obama told the Russians??  The European defense is still required because of Iran, but scrapped now because of N. Korea?   TBMD is required everywhere!

Hmmm...kinda like a 'big' gun control talk...whats the difference? This is why we will never get rid of them libtards....

The communists, who the dems say don't exist, have their resident of the White House working hard for them as he promised he would. Russia invaded Georgia in the last decade to stop them from having a gas supply line to Eastern Europe. The Russians control the oil and gas now. Guess what is next. With this administration the door is open to recommondeer Eastern Europe.The administration is allowing, funding and weaponizing the radical moslems in the Mideast. Russia and they can have Eastern Europe in a 48 hour invasion. Pray for the USA.

I was just wondering if the European countries etc. were going to pay us anything for the missiles?Remember the wind comes from the west

60 years later we still can't have a peace treaty that costs nothing and threatens nobody.  Politicans are pathetic, self serving, war criminals who deserve nothing short of life sentence in the country they oppose for this conspiracy.

How dumb to have a news confrence about where we are putting our defense systems... I hope we have some nukes hidden somewhere because the world hates us...And before Americans get cut,lets cut this foreign aid for every nation. and any nation that dont allow us to put what we want there gets no aid at all....DONT HURT AMERICANS BY CUTTING PROGRAMS AND ASKING US TO WORK MORE YEARS WHILE THIS MONEY IS BEING HANDED OUT TO OTHERS... TERM LIMITS IN WASHINGTON AND NO LIFE TIME BENIFITS,200 DOLLAR LUNCH,AND 300 DOLLAR #$%$

Senator Dianne Feinstein wants to ban any type of assault missile plan in California. She suggests using a rat tail comb for their defense!Chicago, where only the Gangs have guns, and it is going to stay that way!

Is it not further from Cal. to Iran than Rumania to Iran.Oblama cut the shield over there after Puken complained.

The Japanese, Chinese and Koreans don't tend to think before doing something stupid. Remember what happened after Pearl Harbor.  I guess nobody told their cousins about it.

This is JUST THE START of the US becoming an unimportant, second rate nation in the world.This is the shi* that you get when you spend TRILLIONS AND TRILLIONS of dollars that you don't have and won't tax your own people to come up with.I am enjoying watching the US dissolve as the big bully on the international block.

We should b committed to our Allies is Europe. Phase 4 should b under review. Russia doesn't have anything to worry about. The Missle defense shield in Europe is to protect Europe frm missles frm Iran. Phase 4 would protect Europe frm ICBMs. The missle defense shield works too in which tests have shown it works. The missile defense shield will continue to b phased in. The addition of 14 interceptors is a good idea. The interceptors will b added to the system in Alaska and California.

what a bunch of wishy washy Marxists

Wow! Whose side it the administration on??We are Republicans , Independents &amp; Democrats &amp; we support the grievance posted below just before this one ! GO HUGE &amp; PASS THIS ON NONSTOP !

"Here, you take Europe back, I'll handle the guy oceans away."

Common sense, is to negotiate from a position of strength. Something totally lacking in the Obama administration.

What kind of "anti-information" is this? Not disinformation. Is this really our elected officials "working" on our behalf? Russia won't have the Interceptors close because it makes them look vulnerable. We want them because NOW all of a sudden Korea who wasn't a "credible threat' in terms of a long range attack all of a sudden IS because they put a satellite into orbit. WE won't even have them all in place until 2017. So I guess Korea is going to wait for us to catch up?Then there's Obama with his hands in his pockets (but we feel it), shoulders slumped, kicking the dirt, "well we were gonna get those but I just bouced a isht load of checks and well, we just can't afford it right now. Sorry American people."

Obama is a lying 2 faced traitor and is not being held accountable by either the judicial or legislative branches showing us he knows of corruption in those branches.

After reading some of these comments, I wonder if any  have ever given a kind thought or word to anyone. Instead of deriding a person, why don't you try clearing your minds, and put  some GOOD ideas out here for a change? Try to get over the bitterness you feel about someone else having a good thought. I can't believe that ONLY YOU have all the answers to problems you don't even know about, that intertwine with the ones you do know about... Think about it!!!!

That Flat Face North Korean Kim knows that the U S has a Liberal concept of Government with many Democrat Females as leaders and lawmakers....Thus he is convinced that the U S is weak. He will challenge, knowing he will receive Billions of our dollars. To Keep Peace.

California, all the pot you can smoke, and now government supplied fireworks WOW.

This is utterly ridiculous to cut, gut, our military to half its size is suicide. We have so many enemies , the Russians, China, North Korea. We have all the Muslim countries, home grown terrorists, middle east terrorists, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Libya, Turkey, Egypt THAT WANT TO DESTROY US, KILL US, SNEAK SUITCASE NUKES, CHEMICAL WEAPONS TO ATTACK US. What do we get from the supposedly intelligent people from government that are supposed to protect us say? We are not going to be able to defend Americans any-longer because we cant figure out how to be able to keep Obama's socialistic programs to work with out budget cuts .So we have to take our protection away. What has Obama done for this country but taken it back to the technology from the dawn of time. I have never seen a more incompetent tyrant in the history of the presidency in any life time. This president makes Carter look good. How in the world did this guy get elected? People who get the entitlements who voted for him just looked at the free stuff not the total value of the most important issues at hand, He supports gay marriage, abortion, euthanasia, infanticide. Lied to us about Benghazi, the fast and furious debacle, wants to take guns away from the innocent people who will not have ways to defend themselves against violent would be assassins. Supports the Muslim brotherhood, Does not want to support the nation of Israel. Does not draw a red line against the evil empire of the ayatollahs in the mad, insane country of Iran. Has used the race card lies to divide the country. Has affiliates with know terrorists. Went to a church that was a cult that believed in black liberation theology. Does not want christian prayer at the national day of prayer. Does not believe in the bible as Gods infallible word. Has character assassinated Mitt Romney and used the most evil smear campaign in modern history to destroy Mitts good intentions of making his dream come true to be the next president of America. I am sure I missed a lot of other things. But why, why ,why did the people want him like so far the way John Kerry is talking. He is talking way more tough then Obama. He is standing so far up to the mad men of the world. John do not sequester our military . Talk Obama out of it we need to defend the homeland from the Muslim terror groups all over the world. The North Korea evil empire of the pillsbury doe boy there. Also the evil Ayatollahs of Iran and the evil little punk owl eyed leader punch in the face jab or what ever his name is. or what ever that little puke of a squirrel punk says So we need to keep our military ready strong and able. Plus we have to defend the nation of Israel Gods chosen people as the bible says to. The bible is Gods word not any other book. All the religions of the world are wrong. Only Jesus Christ is Lord over all the earth. One cannot accept Ha-gel for the job. He is anti American, he lied, recanted, changed the subject, hesitated, doubled talked, deceived, filibustered. looked dazed, tried to pass the blame, changed his views, looked for help, forgot what to say, relied on notes from others, did not know what country he was in, did not know if the surge on Iraq worked. Did not know we lost Vietnam. Thought George Bush was still president. Seemed confused, not alert, stuttered, muttered, said uh, da, opps. dont know, what, ha, where, hey, when to many times. Besides that he was not all there

Allow me to Understand.  1 man from iraq told the USA that Saddam had "Stockpiles of WMDs" and then the UN said that was Wrong; but Saddam was Evil and an "Imminent Threat".  Meanwhile in NK, there are concentration camps, missiles and an army of 3.5 Million Brainwashed men and why has the USA not Invaded?i remember obama telling isreal they had nothing to worry about with iran but  friday deploys intercepters on the west coast in fear a missle attack fro north korean and iran isreal is more likely to be attacked than the united states just another lie from a muslim president. and not my president.

The old MAD was Mutual Assured Destruction. The new MAD is Mutual Assured Defense. The next MAD should be Mutual Assured Disgust at the time and money we waste by not being on the same page.

Missile envy......the Pentagon's specialty....

Welcome to Cold War II.

Long range missile defense is a waste of time anyway.  There is no such defense that will not be defeated in practice with measures far simpler and less expensive than the defenses themselves required for implemenation.  This is entirely about diplomacy and politics, and the profits of defense contractors of course.  There is no substance whatsoever where actual defense is concerned, with this issue, and there never has been.

""Whether or not it was intended to, the decision to cancel plans for the long-range interceptors will help the president's arms control goals.""The goal of dis-arming America?

You voted for him America.

As Obama whispered to the Russians, "After I'm elected to a second term, I'll give you the farm" POS is POTUS.

With Hegel and Obama I know I feel safer. NOT!!!!!!!!

It's too bad Obama canceled President Bush's West Coast Missile Defense program back in 2008. It would have been in place now. But in 4 years we will have one so keep your fingers crossed the North Korean's don't do anything stupid between now and then.Of course there'll be "new talks", and just like in years past, everytime the little fat ones (the kim jung whatever family) wants something they start squealing and we'll throw some more of our dollars at them or do something to placate the little fat boys and all will be well until the little fat boys want something again.

all this because north korea fired a short range missile that only has a range of 75 miles. This is all #$%$, we know its just a stupid reason for you to justify spending another few billion in military spending. The pentagon is robbing us blind folks, and chicken scratch articles like this is why the sheep just keep on bleating.

it seems to me that the north korean generals are completely in charge here and doingwhat generals do, they are laying down a smoke screen by making threats againstthe US while they are biting at the bits to take out south korea.  I cant help thinkingthey have it figured out that when they do attack their neighbors the US will make ahasty retreat to the "united" nations with a handful of charts.

By the time Obama is done the only people to have the" BOMB " will be our enemies.

Lets knock a few of theirs down first, then talk. Lets turn about half their country into a glass parking lot, then talk. Quit messing around.

This is Obama making good on his promise to the Russians that he would be more "flexible" after his election (ie. not answerable to the American people).

This should have been done 10 years ago. Obama is trying to leave our borders open and diminish our safety for political purposes. Are those who voted him into office too stupid or blind to see this?

Got a plan fer ya here , Chuck. The NK put a rocket on a launch pad bomb it before they can light the fuse. Plenty of cruise missiles and drones around . Obama could tell the Chinese : " You created this monster in 1950 . You have supported them for 63 years. Rein them in .Or no trade with us . You have 90 days.

China needs to get this fatboy Un under control.  14 more interceptors are ICBM's and will do little to stop fatboy Un from his ADHD atics.

It would be cheaper for the U.S to Station 5 SSBN in Guam and Singapore. Then have two SSBN in JapanWhat good will interceptors be if they can't hit their targets? Not a single successful test since 2008.

NUKEM FIRST.

It's is a very classy art to kowtow to Russia.

Putin will kill or imprison the leaders of Poland and Romania while expanding Russia's boarders. Obama and those that voted him to office will be responsible for the deaths caused by Russia's expansion. Good job.

Talks with Putin, give me a break, I'm waiting for him to start banging his shoe on a table.

they said that the missiles didn't work in the other yahoo article, so how is a missle that doesn't work going to be a bargaining point

The middle east is a threat to Russia as well as America, a joint defense base would have been a better way to handle it.

So we are caving in to Russia just like Obama said we would after he was re elected!  When this country goes down the tubes very shortly and it will, those that voted for this idiot should be proud.  USA week, week, week, under Obama!

Jil Junk is looking for a way to wipe out his countries population and blame it on USA. Then we will pay to rebuild another country we nuked and make friends with them.

We don't have enough bombs and missles to put away nk yet?Trying to SPIN a dreadful situation into a good thing. Obama never stops !!!!!

Why do we care about what Russia thinks about our misslile defenses?  Is this just another waste of taxpayer $$

The Truth,You opposed the subcommittee sequester while I was sending savings suggestions to Jeb Hensarling and John Kerry.You flip floped when their work was renamed sequester

These things are literally trying to hit a bullet coming from the other side of the planet - not a perfect solution. These defenses are worth deploying, but we also need to take care of our military people. We're going to need them.

The old anti missile missile from the 60's lives again.

Any country that is under the control of Women in major political positions, is WEAK.The U S has to many Women in the Senate, Congress and as Lawmakers.The Obama Administration has too many Women in charge...THIS MUST STOP.!

Lets vote the Republicans back in power so we can have more 9/11s and then fail to catch bin Laden for 8 years!

Barack H. Obama kicks #$%$ ! Our NAVY SEAL TEAMS KILLS #$%$ES &amp; ARMY HELICOPTER PILOTS HAULS #$%$ !  The 3 Bush = ( The Three Stooges )they , McCain &amp; Romney kissed #$%$es !  NUCLEAR ARMED DRONES WIPE THEIR MISSILES #$%$ES OFF OF THEIR LAUNCH PADS AND PENETRATES UNDERGROUND CONTROL SYSTEMS &amp; WIPES OUT THEIR PERSONEL SO FEWER TO NO MISSILES WOULD GET THE ALERT &amp; LAUNCH COMMANDS IN NORTH KOREA !

We are Republicans , Independents &amp; Democrats &amp; we support the grievance posted below just before this one ! GO HUGE &amp; PASS THIS ON NONSTOP ! Write &amp; e-mail to President Barack H. Obama &amp; to u r favorite Congressmen or Congresswomen in u r states &amp; tell them to GIT R DONE ASAP HOT OR WE VOTE OUT INCUMBENTS NOT IN SUPPORT in 2014  !      }:-(

This is good news to us &amp; the world &amp; I would convince the Russians that a missile defense shield would also protect them if any rogue nation controlled by terrorists launched a nuclear war head at them ! We share a space program with them &amp; we have trade negotiations with them too ! I am fighting for drones armed with smaller, ( thus  less  weight ) nuclear war heads that would be near North Korea's launch pads &amp; close enough to also intercept missiles launched from their mobile launch trucks ! If it cannot get out of the North then it cannot get to Japan , the South , America or any other of our allies , even Russia or China then the Citizen Protection &amp; Affordable Healthcare Act ( THE 3rd STAGE OF PRESIDENT OBAMA'S MISSILE DEFENSE SHIELD ) would not get overloaded with too many INCOMING WMD ! So this is more important than football , basketball, soccer , hockey ect.. The first strategy is IF THEY DON't SCORE THEY DON't WIN &amp; the team making the fewest mistakes &amp; fewer to no penalties either wins !Barack H. Obama kicks #$%$ ! Our NAVY SEAL TEAMS KILLS #$%$ES &amp; ARMY HELICOPTER PILOTS HAULS #$%$ !  The 3 Bush = ( The Three Stooges )they , McCain &amp; Romney kissed #$%$es !

Obama incompetency on display!  Bush had put in place a missle defense system that was due to go into effect in 2009 to protect us from what is happening now.  When Ovomit came into office he cancelled the defense system as part of the missle defense reduction plan and removed the shields from Poland due to Russia pressure.  Now they are scrambling to get it back and reports say it won't be ready until 2017. He is such a POS president!

I understand Russia's concern on this subject. Since Obama has been in office, almost everything the US government has said has been a lie.

Al-Qaeda was in N.Korea all along not in Iraq.

Adding the additional interceptors is too little too late. Nobody out there fears or respects the USA any longer. Obumer won't be happy until this country is as defenseless as his own home country of Kenya, just ask his brother.

Oh it was lack of funding because building them somewhere else was cheaper. I though it was because Obama told the Russian's he would get rid of it when re-elected in his Open Mic incident where he spoke thinking his microphone was off. My question is how will a west coast missile shield defend Europe and U.S. bases in Europe from Iranian missiles if it is on the west coast?

Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, "starting to sound good".

ONLY SOLUTION is a REVOLUTION,,,CUT ALL THE IMBELICAL CORDS AROUND THE WORLD and start fresh with New Blood and not the gerryactrics that have been life long DOLLARTICIAN$$$ and wanna be rulers forever and ever AMEN

They do this every time. They spew like the snakes they are, getting our hopes up for the nuclear holocaust, only to let us down. Let's drop the big one, and see what happens.

Here's a new concept.   Why doesn't Russia unilatteraly , then we TALK about scrapping some systems.wakeup people!! put your bmw and big houses aside and realize what is happening here ,,,or just start preparing cause there r people and nations out thee that want us gone and u all better believe that our fredom will come at a price we will all pay

Whatever happened to the preemptive strike doctrine to counter perceived threats??  Oh, that must only work with small "third world" countries such as Iraq, Panama, Barbados, Sudan, Afghanistan....

Mr Hagel you tell Russia to handle Iran Syria,Egypt,and China on nuclear development then there will be NO NEED for missile defense in Europe.

obama doesnt give a flying f#$% what happens to the US...hagel is a joke &amp; him &amp; obama will do whatever russia tells them, or, in other words, they want the rest of the world to love them so they will run the US however the rest of the world tells them to...

the federal government stuck its nose in Russia business and now where breaking that because they don't know when to stay home, the web of lies the feds have told will always one another and eventually catch up, and then the U.N. will be looking at the U.S.A. with tiger eyes

When the North Koreans test fire a missle, we should shoot it down.  If the North Koreans test detonate a nuclear device, we should militarily destroy their nuclear capability.  The North Koreans have never lived up to their promises and are now picking a fight.  Let's get this over with so that the Korean peninsula and eastern Asia can move on.

hey ! new guy, this is strike one against you already

Please put a Anti-Missile defense system in my backyard - Please.  That is not anymore outrageous than belligerent attention demanding North Koreans saying that they are pointing their two atomic missiles warheads at the US,,,,

they have seen what looks like our weak spots and now they all want to threaten us,but we are not weak by a long shot so bring it on, you will be mighty surprised what we have waiting for any country that try us.

OK let's us a little logic here.  Our allies should defend themselves we should assist if needed.  We do not have money (remember the deficit)  to provide protection for Europe.  We are talking defense here.  Who is developing and testing nuclear missiles and testing to send them to the US.  Isn't that a place called North Korea.  Who is North Korea close to?  It isn't Germany.  It is the US west coast.  I have been wondering why we are not beefing up our defense on the west coast.  Now we are.  Could we put down politics for once and figure out what  we need.  The politicians have done a good job at dividing us.  Think what is best for the US and not what party is putting the idea forward.Obama is a lying 2 faced traitor and is not being held accountable by either the judicial or legislative branches showing us he knows of corruption in those branches

missiles in Poland whose only need for them was right wingers reviving conflicts with Russia,  that nobody could pay for, would not work, and had targets that do not even exist?What could be better! - finally one good news, there will be a few more jobs in Alasaka.

Missiles in place in Alaska by Sept. 2017? By then we could be toast. And why not still in Poland, are we that weak Militarily?

forget defense... let's point some NUKEs right at their front door... plant them in Manila.

So many war mongers commenting here.

But cancelling the sheild worked so well with N Korea.

Why would anyone talk to a narcissistic, racist, communist, Hitler wanna be waco? Kim Jun Un is way smarter than that.

Everyone have a nice night &amp; sleep tight because I love you people !   {:-)

Putin will kill or imprison the leaders of  Poland and Romania while expanding its boarders. Obama and those that voted him to office will be responsible for the deaths caused by Russia's expansion. Good job.

If the Ruskie's are so worried about missile defense, isn't that a reason to want to keep it in place!!What talks ? The  only thing this clown needs to do is dis arm his nukes and use his nukes power for electricity for his cities and people. His people live in poverty while he lives well . Use it for power in his cities and medical research and all would be well. And maybe then other industrial nations may assist him along with his neighbor to the south. It helped them.

I say we take everyone that is NOT from local government, weave a huge roll of TP from their hides and wipe our #$%$ with it. They sure don't give a isht about us but we could always use them.

Republicans would have us in another unfunded war already even if they had to lie to do it!

The missle defenses in europe worry our alliea ,  Germay and Britian.  They do not want to provoke an arms race in the East.  We need Russia to couterbalance the Chinese and the north Koreans in Asia.  This seems sound.

Love all the military hardware experts telling what they think they know!

Too many primative people.  The fighting will never stop.

During the REAGAN administration, we had a Star Wars program. This should work for US.....

So what was Obama telling the Russians about more flexibility when he was reelected? That he would make our country more vulnerable reducing our capability so that Iran, Russians, North Korea and China along with all the rogues terrorists  will have more leverage to treaten us. There is something very wrong with this government  and should be investigated.

Key Words: "President Obama's reverse course decision "will cost the American taxpayer more money". NUFF Said!! BALANCE OUR BUDGET!!!! STOP SPENDING the AMERICAN PEOPLES MONEY!!

This missile defense system proposed by President Bush, was to have been completed in 2009. Obama put a hold on it and now wants it? Little late now isn’t it?One way to eliminate North Korea is, to hire The Gap Band, to "drop a Bomb on them"......

North Korea did say they will attack the U.S . Our leadership better not get caught, with their pants down, by failing to protect US.

it is in our best intrests to protect our own shores. Should we protect europe and leave ourselves vunerable to attacks from Iran and North Korea?

It sounds like Obama is carrying through with his promise to Russia of being more "flexible", just like he said he would.

Remember Obama when he said "Oil is the energy of the past"?   LIberals want to criticize the Tea Party while they espouse the Green Party platforms.   The world can not and will not ever listen to the Green Party.    Jimmy Carter almost ruined this country; long lines at the gas pump and high interest rates are just two of his failures.    But Obama's socialist plans for us will be worse than Carter's ineptitude.

r u nutz,, this guy threatens to nuke us and we going to give him money for it and talk,, I dont think so!. I might have made a huge mistake voting for obama

Of course there could be peace, but with a mindless #$%$ like Kim Un, there doesn't seem to be peace in the  near future.

Talks? Let me see, what should we talk about, What Senor Kim wants or do we treat him the same as treats the World = Shut that mouth upo and get down and treat him as he speaks. I say we stick to our guns and strengthen our home, and also attack his at the same time. We should show no fear throwing our weight his way and also near China. I say what can they do? Nothing! Unless they want to end it all and I bet they have many loved ones to just like us:-) NO FEAR!

It was the democrats that didnt like the missile program back in the Bush days. Fast forward to today and now they love it??

strategic and practical whoever thought of this solution should be promotedTalking! We have been talking for 60 years, now its time to whoop that A%$!

they could shoot one here and cali and  if a progressive person with charisma comes in ....he wins...over and over again....

Well that's just wonderful... they dont even know if the d_m things work.

Bush's long range interceptors was a stupid move!  It was useless and provocative!  Maybe now we can move ahead with the Russians to restart destroying  the jillions of atomic bombsneither side needs.

There was a time when anti ballistic missile technology was banned by international treaty for the reasons provided in this article linked to the deterrent strategy of MAD.  A lot of Yahoos don't seem to get the way massive retaliatory systems built on redundant means of total destruction were designed.  The wonderful system came close on many occasions of actually assuring mutual destruction, but one side or the other couldn't find the courage to push the button.When China comes to the conclusion that the Soviets did in dealing with N Korea the world will be a better place.  One thing is sure and that is the N Korean ability to obtain the material for a nuclear weapon and the technology to build and deliver it were not developed internally.  There is nothing preventing Pyongyang from targeting Moscow or Beijing.  The point of the bellicosity is to maintain control, power and wealth.  It is the same in Washington DC,  Beijing and Moscow as it is in Pyongyang.  If you don't believe me read some more comment to this article.

Hagel, what a sorry looking miscreant!

I'm sure the little fat leader of North Korea knows better than to actually try to fire on the USA, because they would be a mud puddle once we got finished with them.

Isn't there a new James Bond?

Forget missiles. The biggest threat are ships that have docked in North Korea or are bearing cargo that originated in North Korea. The US Navy must do its job and not allow them within 500 miles of the US.

its about time we start to flex our muscles and forget trying to liberate the people that live in the sand with all the oil under them. we dont need oil we need to keep the true terrorist with true power in check. this nation needs a true leader with nuts! war is no fun but if we let these people run around us as they have been we will be the losers!!!!!the russains the iranians and the noth koreans are all as one! they are playing a game and getting the bomb to our soil is all they want!! they put our eyes where they want them when they want and they control the next move. just watch next russia will act up and iran will move parts the north will start again and the russia will move parts. call me crazy as you will but these people ae playing a game and unless we shut it down we will lose

Let's see, BO stopped the missile deployment in Calif and Alaska when he took office; why, because there was no imminent threat? He also made significant cuts in the missile defenses in Europe; why, because there was no significant threat? These actions have made us less secure, so now he wants to deploy more to the west coast to protect us from less than a hundred missiles in N Korea and cancel the upgrades in Europe which will protect Europe and the US from thousands upon thousands of missiles in Russia, in place, operational and targeted for every major American city and defense complex. These actions again will make us less safe; we don't need enemies with leadership like this - the flexibility that BO referred  to before the election is happening and I hear no talk of impeachment. What has America become, the laughing stock of the world?

any country with a nuke knows that if they launce a missle, the heat signature would be picked up within seconds by our satelites, and our reply would soon be on the way..  the millitary complex keeps insisting on spending billions on missle defense systems when any rational person knows - that when it "absolutly, positvely, has to get there " UPS and FedEx delivers anything, anywhere on the planet overnight.. with no heat signature..

Talk is cheap. Do unto others before they can do unto you...

no idea why we are spending money in european defense.. as much as i hate putin, i think russia could easily be our allies if putin is gone.. so no need to put missiles near a country that pretty much has no intention of starting any violent acts toward us.

"President Obama's reverse course decision will cost the American taxpayer more money..." Why am I not surprised?

This little  kid in NK is grazy. Advice don't mess with the USA.

why does this guy always look as though he needs a couple of ALKA-SELTSERS ???????

People, People.  The solution is very simple.  As soon as the missiles starts flying, let"s move to Mexico.  Better yet, to south America take your pick.  And let's leave congress and the President t fend themselves.  It's their budget.

they won't even be able to complete the change and new installations before NKorea will strike, and by then the threat will have shifted again and so will our focus.... the little fat fu(k over there is gonna hit us before we can duck and cover, so what is Obummer really doing except yelling trick or treat at him again....Eventually, people around the world will realize that we are on a path of human destruction.   Unfortunately, it will probably be too late before mother nature has her day. Leaders of the world need to realize that our only goal should be human survival. Not what country is the greatest. Religion is still killing people. What ever happened to "love thy neighbor".  #$%$.  Our own political parties can't even agree.  We usually come together when tragedy occurs...do we really need to blow ourselves up before we make friends.  It's like two drunks at a bar who get into a fight...after it's all over...they end up buying each other another beer.  No matter what nationality, religion, or political point of view...if we don't start utilizing our resources and science for more positive investments and research...we're all doomed.  Just ask the dinosaurs.

We need to protect our shores from hostile enemys. With the military budget cuts we can no longer afford to spend billions around the world.  Get our military men/women back home and in a position to defen our Country.  There are dozens of enemys waiting to attack us.  I am not pararnoid, just realistic. This nut in NKorea has some backing from his top allies. I don't believe he would take on the U.S. on his own, even he isnt so nieve as to think he would stand a chance against our might.  He is a conduit. We are spread thin with a weak economy and weak military leader in DC.  This is a perfect time to attack the most hated country in the world.

Here we go again; the "military industrial complex" hard at work to start another cold war and arms race. Starting arms race against two "third World countries such as N. Korea and Iran is ridiculous but these lobbyists can sell anything to naive American people.

HA  HA  They knew that BIG RUSSKIE was not bluffing and looked for any reason to bow out of the deal with a little dignity left..Russia was getting ready to warm our A$*

My missile is bigger than your missile mentality is heading us to a place where we don't want to go.

The U.S. needs to stay on the hard line here with North Korea. Screw the talks. they set the pace, now let's not let them skate on this one if we do. they will do the sme thing Saddam did with Iraq, KEEP PUSHING THE LINE FURTHER AND FUTHER UNTIL WE HAVE NO CHOICE. Let's get it right this time from the beginning

well at first they swore that the north did not have the ablity to hit the us now they say they do i think were in for a false flag operation of some sort

Even If their is an agreement between Russia and the us , What makes anyone think Russia will abide by it ????

Hagel will be the first Secretary of Defenseless.  The Russians didn't like the idea that our missile defense system decreased their nuke deterent - sounds like a good reason to not only do it, but speed up the process.

why don't we just call superman and ask him to gather up all nuclear missiles and take them into space and throw them into the sun?No body needs to know how many we have or where. Just keep telling the world about everything we have. Dam. The Government and Military is so dam stupid. I'm sure China and Russia now have their Nukes pointed at these sites now and trying to hack them as well. All of this yak don't need to be public. USA Security what's that? Russian and Chinese submarine's right off the coast of Alaska and California which could knock them out so quick  they won't have chance to get out the silo. You think their satellites don't know where they are at? Please.

I know I would never shoot a missile at a group of innocent people, it is too bad the missiles aren't aimed at policy makers and corrupt government officials on both sides, there would be less talks of such if those in control didn't have access to underground fallout shelters and where vulnerable like the rest of us. It is to bad wars have to be fought to the death, I would prefer a game of chess, instead of the best warriors, America would need the best minds, then we could get somewhere.

the gov  has taken this threat seriously,the disturbing point implied is that the missle defence of the usa  has it's weak points or is incomplete

Check out ((((((______bubida____)))) if you need reliefs from stress

North Korea will conquer the Great Satan States.  American women will fill the brothels and their children will work the mines.

no surprise here ,defense budget is going to get cut and right away the military builds up the threat of nuclear attack and war so we cant cut military we have to cut education and ss .so what if they have nukes,just like the gun nuts argument if everyone has a gun less crime well if every country has a nuke less war

"The Obama administration cited development problems and a lack of money on Friday in announcing the cancellation of the interceptors that were to be deployed". So why would we deploy those systems to protect our nation?

This will be war number 8 or 10 for the Nobel Peace Prize president?

Talks!? That would be great! Sounds like a winning plan to me.

Why not just let Sarah Palin watch from her house?Why would we let our enemies know how many interceptors we have? Must be a good reason.

...to add the 14 new interceptors to the 26 that are in underground silos in Alaska to counter the threat from North Korea.  Boys...all we need is 26 dummy missiles and save the warheads for 27 and beyond....   Is that a accurate number?  I would think the number of interceptors would be classified.  Then again...you can find anything on the internet.

The U.S. should send Rodman and Shaq to N.K. as a symbolic showing of how small N.K. is, and if the U.S. wanted, they could squash it like a bug.

Folks, this is as much about China (as far as the U.S. is concerned) as it is about North Korea. As a matter of fact, China does not like what is happening with its neighbor to the South. Having the U.S. redeploy and add defensive missile systems is somewhat of a "checkmate" as far as China is concerned. China does not like the fact that the U.S, NOW has legitimate reasons to redeploy and add missiles BECAUSE of all the moronic posturing by the bowl cut, bi-polar boy wonder from North Korea. China's rise on the world stage is being hamstrung by the junior Commie in Pyongyang and Beijing hates it.

Ugh, how about just putting an end to the lineage of delusional maniacs and letting the people of North Korea join the rest of the world.  This and allowing small knives on planes beginning April 25th are really infuriating me dammit!

If an INTERCEPTOR destroy one N.Korean ICBM,during the military exercises, the iranians will not give a penny to Humpty Dumpty......then THEY will come here to talk. It is called the STICKand CARROT policy.

I would like to put place a suggestion in the US's suggestion box - let's test a few of our nukes on the fat boy's homeland and give him a taste of what Toby Keith refers to as a Boot Up Your #$%$. Just a few 50 Megatons on target over Pyongyang will shut them up for good. It will save us a lot of anxiety down the road and the next little fat dictator that acts up will think twice.

Okay....America...have you had enough of the weak loser Obama?  Liberals must always paint the picture in blank and white....so just so this message can penetrate your weak mind.....I'm a white man who votes for the content of character (wow...wonder who said that) and Obama does not pass the litmus test for being a great American....on the up side, he would do well in France, Spain and extremley well in Greece.  Dr. Ben Carson....here is a black man who is truly a great American and I would vote for him for president in a heartbeat.

so bulky reports,the bottom line is "budget cuts"

The world is like a giant chess game. Obama is a world class player. No bad moves to date.Hagel is little more than a lackey for the fear based military industrial complex, money that should be going to education, social services and infrastructure will line the pockets of the ruling elite.

Why do we need to defend freeloading Europe again when they always stab us in the back? Don't they have money and we don't? Why are we always Europe's 911 force?

Can we increase taxes so we can support and Defend our Country? Republicans answer....NO

Hmmm...lets see now,north korea,pakistan,iran just to mention a few..the threat of a nuke attack on the US from these lunatics is real.So why don't you media jerks and the powers that be just send out the invitations when and where to strike..so much for TOP SECRET.""You idiots are more concerned about what color bloomers the gay marchers are wearing..!!

How would missiles in Europe stop missiles from N. Korea again? Iran has a lot more distance to go before they are a threat.  Once again, freeloading Europe and Israel get more free US defense from broke US while talking junk on the sidelines as always.

Follow The Money-----Get Names  !!!

All this wouldn't have been necessary if in earlier stages was dealt with those NK warmongers!

#$%$? seriously, its supposed to be years till they have a nuclear WEAPON and a delivery system. The average household gets electricity for 3-4 hours a day. Their population is a little bigger than New York City. Its a 3rd world country that aspires to be as great heights of technology of say Ghana. If we are this scared of these P---ants, Russia must have had our Joint Chiefs of Staff pOOping their pants!

Yeah, that contemptible obnoxious honkey country that currently has a Negr0 as the president is more and more contemptibly desperate.

Finally we have politicians with common sense in Washington that are able and willing to stand up against the industrial-military complex that is destroying this country.lies don't work here.  that's the pot calling the kettle black.

Let's see......they are "abandoning plans for missile defense", but they remain "ironclad in their missile defense".  Makes sense to me.   Must be the Obama Administration speaking.   Now we are "making plans to stop North Korea and Iran missiles".  I think the Israelis will be the ones to "stop Iranian missiles".  Probaly real soon.

I wish our government to start listening to its citizen's comments and concerns.We are not the same US we used to be. We have made mistakes after mistakes. Over 10 year war in Iraq and Afghanistan drained us We can not afford another long war again.I ask our government stop imposing sanction on others and I ask leave the others along as long as they do not bother us. I ask Obama, please leave Syria, Iran  N korea and other hot spot along. We are not international police any more. We are a bankrupt country. We in this country have a major economic problem to solve.

I hope the pepole will see how the goverment wants to take away all of our rights as americans, do china has more freedom then  america do??? Ask ur self that

That little pudgy worm is already CHECKMATED he is just too arrogant and/or stupid to know it.

Funny how Obama ".. cited .. a lack of money" for cancellation of the interceptors when that is just what he "whispered" to Russia on an inadvertently open mic last year. This Administration is again lying to the public blaming a supposed Republican" sequester on weakling missile defense. Boy does Oblamer play both sides of the fence.

This is going to happen since US in proud of power are challenging Allah's power besides planning mass killing of Muslims brutally and insulting each and every values of Islam. When any nation is sexually out of order it falls. This is the decision of Almighty. Besides natural desaister these things are going to happen. Who took revenge from Indra (for mass killing of Muslims), was he a Muslim, it was Allah Jalashanuh's planning to take revenge of weaks.US is crossing all limits against Islam and Muslims and is about to pay the prices or time has not gone to come on right path.

Adding all those missles is overkill. Just drop one big bomb on that little korean dogs head and the problem is solved.

I guess Obumma wants to screw up the missile defence of this country(like everything else).Is nothing safe from this madman??

were not  taking away nuclear stuff i think obama is expection russia to to it and tell  russia to go jump off rock thoese people needed to die along time ago there mad we kicke there butt   during soveit the us isnt never going go down obama talks as always and  thing is russia isnt going do it so were not going no where and  as far as n korea if  they would ever start war we would be fighting russia anyway cuz there going jump in it russia and thre people are shady and always will be shady they cant be trusted  there sneekeyToo bad for this once great nation that liberals refuse the lessons of history.  Appeasement of one’s enemies has never worked throughout all of history. Even recent history is clear that appeasement doesn't work. But the schools are so dumbed down with liberal hogwash that isn’t even taught! The liberals think that by rewriting history that will change the simple fact that history is nothing more than the tail of human nature. Human nature has not changed since we swung out of the trees! You can ignore reality, but you can’t ignore the consequences!

I sure hope we are not going to keep kissing #$%$lets put our pants on like the power house we are and quit doing what  we have the past 20 years.Tell all the country in world to kiss our #$%$ and go fxxk themself.

Money is not tight in the United States. The Congress just squirreled some away for rainy weather.

Dammit, Its time to warm up them Seal Team Six boys so we go in there and silence both Iran and North Korea.

"But Moscow has ramped up its criticism of Obama's revisions, which are backed by NATO, and claims the fourth and last planned upgrade of the interceptors would be able to stop its intercontinental missiles launched at the U.S."No wonder the King offered them a "flexibility"plan.Amazing.

freaking bummer,, abandoning the european defense due to lack of money my foot. bull #$%$ turd.

Maybe this will be a good reason to enact " Martial Law".

" The restructuring includes spending $1 billion to add the 14 new interceptors to the 26 that are in underground silos in Alaska"............but the Koreans don't ave the technology to build inter-continental missiles, chuck hagel! and it's not even tested to be effective! scrap the whole program and save the taxpayers some money hagel, thought you were combat tough, hagel. don't turn yellow-dog on us now!

the only thing opening will be ur a.s.s

Hagel looks like a life-long-drunk.I wonder what flexibility Obama wa talking about? was he saying that he could make the US more vulnerable to the likes of the terrorits of Iran, Russians C

Just drop one BIG ONE on their #$%$ and be done

The President is an honest man.  He has kept his word to Putin.  Not a common thing among politicians in Washington.  Next we offer to build a new "Iron Curtain"  Same old USSR

News Flash! In order to save more money the House GOP will only pay for sling shots to be given to people on the West Coast.

Hmm sounds like Obama and the democrats were  wrong on Missile Defense lets see if they actually admit it. (doubt it) I guess he was to stupid to realize that North Korea was an actually threat remember one of those small countries that is no threat to the US  now we have to play catch up  on protecting the west coast though losing California Oregon and Washington state would only improve our economy maybe that is our biggest defense  nobody would want the mess his progressive cohorts have left those states in.

is it experiment which they will force to North korea on war?

Bend over Obummer Putin wants to stick to you again.

More misguided kindergarten B.S. from Obama Admin &amp; Defense (War) Dept. --  Does this protect U.S. allies Japan &amp; South Korea (Rep. of Korea), Australia.... from N. Korean nuclear missiles / shipping containers ????   NO!    So...U.S. key allies must buy billions of ineffective anti-missiles from U.S.! ??  But certainly they will also opt for developing their own nuclear deterrent!  No faith in U.S.A. protector.  Yikes!  WW lll in the future!.What a bad start for this new Obama guy in the Pentagon, it seems to be. The U.S. anti "intercontinental" anti-missile defense systems are widely known to be Unproven and don't work well !  Pouring wasted billioins $$ down the toilet!  Ignoring Japan &amp; S. Korea, Taiwan, Australia vulnerabilities.... It seems maybe like more Washington $$ paybacks for election $$ contributions?  Is the administration planning to allow the radical dictatorships of N. Korea &amp; Tehran have nuclear missiles / nuclear warheads that can also end up in Container ships ??  Seems that may be !?  So the over-bloated powerful Military Industrial Complex in U.S. can make and sell more unproven systems..!?  This is not a serious answer to defanging "outlaw" countries selling nuclear bombs / missile technology around the world. Where is the Western Leadership? Who is in control in Washington these days? ...The incompetence is getting scary!

U Obama haters are ALL civilian Idiots, with NO combat ! #1 It doesnt matter "if" (its WHEN fool, read HISTORY) thirty minutes later IRAN or N KOREA, OR SIRIA, all THREE will be GLOWING infrenos (OHIO Class u idiots).. then THE BIG ONES come from USA silos! .. Mad or NOT..the enemy will FEEL the FULL PWOER or this Nation, , NO u did NOT see that kind of BOMBING since VietNam ROLLING Thunder, Look it up u whinning #$%$ NEVER ser ve Republicans ! Sgt JD GALVAN Task Force Viking , IRAQ , invasion 2003

hahaha...If you have WMDs, you are feared and not to be attacked; if you have no WMDs, like Iraq, you would be attacked without mercy.  This suggests a lot of credibility in the US foreign policy.  Therefore, you are better off arming yourself to the teeth to receive real respect.North Korea never tested two atomic bombs over the heads of 900,000 innocent civilians in Nagasaki and Hiroshima in order to test them on real human flesh. Only one country did this horrendous massacre, the USA !!

Republicans criticized this?? Same logic they employ with the firearms; we need nuclear weapons to counter their nuclear weapons, we need more guns to counter others' guns......all the while theyre selling the weapons and guns! --Result doesnt matter as long as someone's getting paid. GOOD JOB TODAY, WH.

All sides just won here. Believe it or not, Russia wants cuts to their nukes worse than us, and they're NOT in a hurry to invade Poland or Romania. I dont see how this is not an extremely favorable result for everybody.