We need to take one law off the books for every law we add.

Pork rinds with your Big Gulp?

I understand forbidding laws that won't work (such as banning super size drinks), but I see nothing wrong in having fat, sodium and calorie information posted. I also hope that if the schools TEACH nutrition classes, those won't be shut down by this new law - unfortunately, too many young folks don't know the first thing about planning healthy meals (which would allow them the ability to have the occasional "bad for you binge" without seriously impacting their health)!

It's kind of sad the we need to start making laws to ban other laws. Silly.

cook me up some shrimp stuffed with crab meat!!... man when I lived in Pascagoula Mississiippi..that was my choice of fare!!! theres just tooo much culture soul food to eat!!

Even though I agree with this and I don't think the Govt. Should regulate this kind of stuff, you gotta admit, its pretty funny that Mississippi is the first state to take this kind of a stand

"It is simply not the role of government to micro-regulate citizens' dietary decisions," Bryant said in a statement after signing the measure. "The responsibility for one's personal health depends on individual choices about a proper diet and appropriate exercise."EXACTLY...let's make it a personal responsibility and keep big brother out of it.

The government shouldn't tell us what we can eat or how much of it we can have. Parents need to start at home teaching children to be healthy and active. This nannying the government is trying to force on us is ridiculous but so is this countries obesity stats.Make kids play outside and be active!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sweets and snack in moderation. Common sense people!

You only live once, why not take up as much space as humanly possible.

Laws will never stop people from being stupid. Only by changing peoples attuide will people eat and drink better.Mandate a return to 6 1/2 oz. nickel Cokes.

They aren't fat, just big boned.

I'm sorry but it's about time a state stood up like this. This is the same as gun control same principal as smoking or anything else that's bad for you.   It's up to the person that participates if you want to get fat and don't mind being fat that's your choice, same as drinking a huge super sized meal.  you kill yourself it's your choice. you want to smoke which I do. we kill ourselves. But I don't think anyone has the right to tell me that I cannot have a super sized Sprite. Period.Go Mississippi!!

all the problems with jobs, the economy, gas prices, illegal immigration and moral values,we have even bigger problems with the stupid elected officals occupied with things like large soft drinks. it's sad!!

Government has no business dictating personal preferences.  That is EXACTLY what makes a government a dictatorship.  Do we live in America?  Or not?

so most of you agree as long as government can show you how much something is costing you ,that theres no right ,no liberty ,no freedom that they shouldnt take,as long as they can show you where your not smart enough to make your own choices,government should step in,oky doky.tell puttin he can now walk right in and take over america is truely dead and obesity didnt do it,stupidity did.

In New York there will be "Sip Easies".A better solution would be to require that no high fructose corn syrup be allowed in beverages.  Go back to sugar, it is far more healthier than HFCS.

Mississippi is where Soylent green inc. will build it's headquarters.

This is refreshing news.;p)

I don't know what you folks are talking about. The people of Mississippi eat a profoundly varied diet. On Monday it's McDonalds, on Tuesday its KFC, on Wednesday its BK, on Thursday its Taco-Bell, on Friday its Wendy's and on Saturday it's Pizza Hut. Sunday is the 'off' day. On that day they are allowed to cheat and eat whatever junk-food they want.Will the state also stop subsidizing medical facilities that treat anything related to obesity, including heart disease and diabetes?

Main reason for obesity? Lack of exercise/activity

Apparently some people are too d--n stupid to make good choices.  And I, as a responsible citizen, end up paying for their stupidity.  Fatties who can not work.  Smokers who can not work.  Idiots who ride motorcycles w/o helmets who end up in nursing homes w/o insurance.  Unwed teen mommies.  My taxes pay for their stupidity.  Government needs to hold them accountable.  Unable to do it themselves.

Great!!  In fact, I'm all for federal funding of free beer, hamburgers, fries, Cokes, and whatever else it takes to gorge those Mississippians until they pop and exit the gene pool. Dumbest, fattest, poorest, most racist state in the US needs to bury the current residents and get some new ones.

GOP is for local control and federalism when it suits them.

Mississippi consistently ranks as the fattest state in the union.

freedom in obesity and diabetes.  many are slaves to the sugar industry - that's freedom, alright

Passing laws about what you are not going to pass laws on is otherwise known as; doing nothing.

What a crock of s***. I don't agree with banning larger portions, but posting nutritional information? Please do so! I live in MS and we need all the help we can get, at least having nutritional information posted might make some people think twice.And as far as the smoking ban goes, Shelson doesn't seem to know what she's talking about. Doesn't support a state-wide comprehensive ban? Evidence has repeatedly shown it's beneficial to ban public smoking. I'm a smoker and I don't have a problem with it either. I love my home state but it's no wonder we're in the shape we're in with attitudes like this.

Follow the money!!!Fat, stupid and fat is no way to go thru life. I like how Mississippi is one of the heaviest (ha, no pun intended) users of 'entitlement' SS and medicaid but can't seem to learn or want to get up off their collective butts and take care of themselves.

The drink of choice at any meal in Mississippi is a cold 40 oz.

Ban unhealthy...I heart Communism...

Cool. You handled the big problem. Now you can go work on the smaller issues like getting your people a decent education, lowering your teen pregnancy rates, and getting some of the citizenry off of those food stamps.

DEFINATE CONNECTION BETWEEN *S T U P I D I T Y* AND OBESITY!!!!JACKSON, Mississippi (Reuters) - Mississippi, the state with the highest rate of obesity, has banned its cities and counties from trying to stop restaurants from selling super-sized soft drinks or requiring them to post nutritional information about meals.

Making a joke out of politics

I just knew those Mississippi folks were smarter than the cliff dwellers in NYC.  If they were as smart as the Mississippians, they wouldn't be living in that blighted cesspool.

Not to worry folks. Once Obama care is fully implemented and as part of Obama's "Green Energy" initiative the country will have numerous "free" liposuction clinics. Fatties will be required to report for mandatory liposuction and the fat will be rendered into Obama fuel.Stay Puft (Chris Christie) to be the first customer.

i dont care how much of people health care government chooses to pay,it still doesnt give them the right to tell all americans or any americans what they should and should not eat,keep government and the nanny state out of my kitchen,I aplaud mississippi in this move to protect individual liberty at its core.

Well at least someone knows that people still have some freedom of choice!!.If you have ever been to Mississippi you will see why they are afraid of losing the super size . The obesity rate is the only thing they can say they lead the nation in . And being proud of that accomplishment you will also notice very few health clubs . I do believe they are also against healthcare reform because no doctor will ever tell these folks to lose weight .

Miss. has some of the fattest, ignorant, white trash in the South, even by other southern states standards. Inbred low lives. So, I'm not surprised that they want to stay that way.

Not to worry folks. Once Obama care is fully implemented and as part of Obama's "Green Energy" initiative the country will have numerous "free" liposuction clinics. Fatties will be required to report for mandatory liposuction and the fat will be rendered into Obama fuel.

republicans once again prove there ignorance and gene pool missing , no science for the gop that suck more federal dollars like most red states ,,, hummmm why is that

Mississippi forbids local laws on nutrition, super-size drinks, and Bloomberg's.

Mississippi has so many more important and urgent things on which they should concentrate. This is just stupid.

Well,I agree with part of this in that government should not dictate sizes of drinks or meals.But, it makes no sense to not allow them to post nutritional information about meals. If any state needs that information, it is Mississippi.The cost of obesity in this country is already staggering. People developing diabetes in their 20's from obesity is rising every year. And we have yet to see what this new generation of obese children will cost us. In the next 15 years or so, we will probably see longevity go back down.If people think we have a problem with Medicare now, the cost of obesity for people under retirement age will dwarf that soon.

The people of this country will not be happy until they get a DICTATOR .  They don't want to think for themselfs , don't want to work , don't want to raise their children , they want the Gov . to provide for them , tell them what to eat , how to raise their children , Food stamps and housing .

True, the Government shouldn't tell you what to eat or drink, but it also shouldn't be on the hook for all your medical bills caused by your poor behavior.

It is not anybody's business to interrupt a Business's menus!! New York's Mayor was shown what a fool he was to try!!It is not anybody's business to interrupt a Business's menus!! New York's Mayor was shown what a fool he was to try!!

Mississippi: 50th in income, 50th in education, and the fattest state in the union...and of course, the reddest of all red states.

It's not the govts job to control what we eat or drink

The Mayor in Mississippi probably has work to do unlike Bloomberg.

So big government is dictating what is acceptable at the local level? Good thinking

We are headed for another showdown (thanks to Obama) on states rights versus federal rights.

Only a liberal is dumb enough to think those voted into a political position should be able to control what you eat, drink, do, etc....talk about having a pea brain....let the NYC folks continue to be the puppets they are...the city is a Shole anyway...they really shouldn't brag.

Out of curiosity, I just now got out my calculator as I looked up some numbers. A 12-oz can Classic Coca Cola has 39 grams of carbohydrate, so that 1 oz would have 3.25 oz of carbohydrate. Multiply that by 32 for a quart-size Big Gulp and you get 104 grams of carb. One teaspoon of white table sugar has 4.2 grams of carbohydrate. Multiply that by 32 to see how much sugar is in a 32-oz Big Gulp and you get 24.76 teaspoons of sugar. So every time you suck down a 32-oz Big Gulp of Coke, you essentially eat 25 teaspoons of sugar. There are 3 teaspoons in a tablespoon, for cooking purposes, and 8 tablespoons in half a measuring cup. So in that 32-oz Big Gulp of Coke with your 25 teaspoons of sugar, you are getting 8 tablespoons or half a measuring cup of sugar. Every single time.

You know, you might of had me except that the ban also prevents local lawmakers from requiring restaurants to post nutritional information.  Crossing your fingers and hoping people will make better decisions all on their own while preventing regulations that would require they be given the information to make those decisions is counter-productive.

Wow! I never would have thought that Mississippi would be ahead of New York city in constitutional, civil and human rights.Mississippi does not try to control personal choices, meaning freedom to chose or not to chose. New York politicians want to control a persons lifestyle, and chose for them. Two different thoughts of American freedom.

The State of Mississippi has the largest set of laws in the world.  Mississippi has a longer legal code than China, a nation of 1.5 billion people.  Yet the place is like a borderline Third World Country that is kept afloat with money from the hated Federal Government.  Talk about a Confederacy of Dunces.  This post is probably illegal in Mississippi.

That's fine, but will they at least consider a public health program to help their fat, diabetic citizens?

I want a Pack of Marlboro reds, a supersize coke, with an engery drink and a fully automatic weapon.

oh yeah, why would you want to be healthy?

How about making laws that make sense.this is no ones decision but the buyers.

I guess you people have a lot of important laws to pass. Health care not one of them.

Selling or buying supersize drinks is not the cause of obesity.  But gobblement sponsored corporate welfare does.  And then the gobblement turns it on the people.  You will pay more for less beverage, more taxes, and less product.  Figure it out.  Who wins?

so, can we stop sending federal tax dollars to pay for obesity issues to those states that refuse to tackle the problem, but continue to consumer health care dollars from taxpayers or insured folks who do take care of themselves?

Ha haThey do things differently down in Mississippi.

You don't want the law to butt into your personal lives? Perfect! Legalize gay marriage :)

"when you pry this deep-friend twinkie from my cold, dead (morbidly-obese) hand"

Weird Al Yankovic's "Fat" is now the state theme song.

Krispy-Kreme, Little Debbie cakes, Dunkin Donuts, Frito-Lay chips, Oscar-Mayer hot dogs, Chef Boyardee canned ravioli, Jack Daniels, Wild Turkey, Budweiser, Miller-Coors, Red Bull, moms home made beef vegetable soup, Grandma's fried chicken, ...... which one of these is harder on your health than a super size Sprite? ALL OF THEM!!!   Eat whatever you want, just excersize and/or stay active.

IF a city wants to be at a healthy weight it shouldn't take laws to do it.

What about roadkill opossum stew?

They want to be #1 in obesity, diabetes and federal handouts for disability.   MS.  Thank goodness for MS.  No matter how bad things get in MI, things will always be better than MS.  Our pols have actually said that, too.

an unhealthy diet will lead to embryo persons getting harmed by unhealthy pregnant womenthis is child abuse on a grand scaleit makes me so angry

take a big scoop of Crisco,chocolate syrup, and drop it in a 48 oz Dr Pepper..a Mississippi Mud Slide!Belly up to the trough, folks. Eat until you pop like a tick......

all the great fat folks that live and die from that mess are now in CALIF trying to contaminate us with that food and their 1863 thinking .

What ever happen to individual choise,reason,deccision,idea; or does the government must do everything for us.

You know, Mississippi has some problems.  Among them, a high number of people unemployed, on welfare, food stamps, and probably Obamaphones, but you just don't read or hear about the problems like those that occur in the inner-cities or large liberal metropolitan areas.  And, they understand liberty and the right to choose.  No Liberal Life Management in MS.

Just like the good old days when a RC and a Moonpie was a feast!

Atleast one state has the sence to block the liberal,protection from youreself police.its pretty sadd when some do gooder thinks he knows whats best for ya,cant drink more than 2Ozs of soda a week.its against the law!.rediculasly un american at best!.

Mississippi Fat, drunk and stupid! YEEHAW!

*facepalm* Stay classy, Mississippi. Eesh.

More right wingers imposing their will upon local officials?

A government that let's people make their own choicesA government that let's people make their own choices

This place is a pox on our nation.  No wonder Elvis and family left for TN!  Dole dipping idiots.

Good for them.  I am a liberal but I don't think we need the food police in America.

And why does the headline not say "Mississippi supports individual choice by prohibiting Government from telling citizens what and how to eat!!"?? I think we know why.

Mississippi is showing a rebel side in the war on soda.  GO MISSISSIPPI!

When education does not work do we really need to make things illegal? Come on! Buying 2 16 ounce drinks instead of one 32 ounce drink? THAT is going to solve the education problem? The only thing it will do is create criminals out of those who drink sugar water. That will make them skinny? How STUPID are these governments? WHy dont they put bankers in jail instead and save the nation?

Mississippi, land of perpetually misplaced priorities.

Well then stop trying to control my vagina.

Good.  They may be fat but still understand that we have the right to choose our destiny ...even if it means poor health and obesity

The favorite drink with a meal in Mississipi is a 40 oz.There are two reasons why people would want to try to pass such a law in the first place, and neither of them have anything to do with improving people's health.  One, they are trying to take away people's freedom of choice, slow but sure.  Two is just as simple: it would be abused just like any other law.

It's not like there is a stitch of evidence that banning large sodas would have any impact on obesity.  Grats to MS for passing an anti-fascism law.  It's a sad day for America that such a law would ever be required though.

It unfortunate that the POS liberals have pushed us into a corner that requires laws to be passed just to be left alone.

Keep`em fat and unhealthy..Easy to rule over.

Libturds only like freedom if they can dictate the terms.

This act will only complement the refusal to take part in Obamacare by this state.  I guess they fell its good to try and encourage their residents to die??

That's why they're so healthy in Mississippi

Mississippi we wil keep the coffins coming !!!!

Good job if I want to weigh 400lbs then that my choice leave the hell alone.

When you hold the record for being the fattest, unhealthiest state in the union you've got to work to keep that record intact. Go Ole Miss!Im Mcdonalds and I approve this message

the citizens of Mississippi are trying to learn how to deep fry pepsi cola

And we all thought that Mississippi was a backwater of a southern state.  How wrong we were. Y'all know what thez spen on ejumacation down thar?

If New York needed a health related law it should have been done on a state level and not by a local megalomaniac.

And then they spent another day not fixing their education system...

"It is simply not the role of government to micro-regulate citizens' dietary decisions,"  so what about marijuana??????????????????????

Don't tread on my chittlins.

Good for you Mississippi  ! See that Bloomberg? Retire all ready..

What could they have against requiring nutritional information about meals be posted?? It just helps people make informed decisions.  Mississippi is just so BACKWARDS!

It's frightening that people are putting down Mississippi for this.  The government shouldn't be telling people what size food and drinks they can buy and sell.  It isn't their business.Live Free, Suck it Soda N)azis

I would LOVE it to have restaurants all post nutritional information!! Who wouldn't???

really bloomberg is a moron

Mississippi the fattest stupidest in education (except for Arkansas)  and untill a month an a half ago still had legalised slavery allowed by law .  Oh yes its an overwelmingly born again "christian" state too  figures

It's Mississippi. Do I have to say anything more!

Fine, just let the fat pigs determine just how big a food trough they want!

Well, being that Mississippi has the lowest IQ on average, no surprise here!  If it wasn't for spellcheck, they wouldn't be able to spell their own states name!

Don't spend money on education either. America likes their rednecks fat and stupid.

I am glad that there is a state where the people can eat what they want, drink what they want, smoke in public places. There are states where people can smoke dope legally. And there are cities and states where this all prohibited by law, and personal protection is confiscated. After all this was the idea beyond free union of different states. If you don't like one, move to an other one.

doesn't matter...  with Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama, the map is tilted south to toward begin with!  I see fat people!!!  disgusting!"Everybody knows about Mississippi, goddam..."  --Nina Simone

Bullfeathers, someone needs to do something, I think its much needed, sometime you have to force people to do things for there own good and saftey, look at how much its costing the people who are over eating because they cannot control themselves, health wise and so on, the insurance claim are crazy, the center for Disease Control, the states and our nation needs to do something to solve this problem NOW ! Its an addiction problem and if new laws need to be inacted so be it if it will help solve this problem. Many of the resturants around the country are a big player in this problem and should be held accountable for killing people ! So make no mistake, some one's gonna do something !  Sad Miss. govnt does not give a #$%$ about it citizens !!!!!!!!!  One of the most corrupt states in America too, just look at the casinos and the money from that !

Good thing Honey Boo Boo doesn't live in NYC

In other words , #$%$ Bloomberg, HA!

Ha ha

How dare they allow people to make their on choices about what they eat.  Why, it's uncommunist!

Bloomberg has gone too far. He's an idiot socialist. I support this law. This kind of left-wing-socialism needs to be stopped in its tracks. If these left-wingers had their way the only choices we would have is to murder an unborn child and marry someone of the same sex.

It's about time someone stands up to the food #$%$

How about a fine or tax on obese folks??? JUST KIDDIN" I am.

If I want to eat everything in sight and become a big fat pig, that is my business (steve's wife here). I can do it with the junk food I purchase with my "entitlements" and foodstamps etc and if I wind up unhealthy, Owebama Care will pay my bills.  Congrats Mississippi, hope the rest of the country follows suit.OMG you mean a state that does not want to control the peoples every move. Good for you mississippi. Keep america free if people want to drink a 20oz soda. Who really cares anyways.

the fat and stupid stay.     just saying

My two year old needs the biggest dew you got, not too bright down there are ya'all.

Mississippi also has the largest number of recipients on FOOD STAMPS in the nation per capita!!! End FOOD STAMPS, end obesity!!!  I applaud Mississippi for giving Michelle and the federal government the FINGER!!!

YeeHaw.

and weren't they griping about health care laws.  but remember were saving babies in Miss. just so they grow up on fast food

When the only thing your state can be proud of is that it is the fattest and most ignorant in the union, you want to protect that.

Don't y'all talk bad bout my eatin habits! or take my rights away to be fat and die young! My super sized #$%$ will get my super sized AR gun that has super sized bullets that will put super sized bullets in your super sized liberal commie brain. Oh yeah and leave my food stamp card ,state sponsored healthcare and welfare alone too!  God Bless America. LOL

I agree they have the right to choose obesity as their means of death.  If liberty is to mean anything, it means you get to eat whatever the hell you want.

I agree with You Jack!!!!!!!!! It Is Each Persons Choices And Not The Role Of Big BrotherUnfortunately, many residents of Mississippi do not have the knowledge to determine for themselves what constitutes a healthy diet.  "Grandma fried chicken in lard, mama fried chicken in lard, I fry chicken in lard, my kids LOVE chicken fried in lard."  Because that is the way we have always fried chicken doesn't mean it is healthy.

Nobody is going to take away their right to be obese and diabetic!

Wow, some common sense. Now if people could only take some responsibility for their own lives...

Proving once again why it's the dumbest state in the nation.FAT, dumb and stupid.

That's right. The legislature of the poorest and most under-educated state in the country (verifiable fact) makes a soft drink law their priority. They have no other problems.

Good for the State. It is not the gov't job to say "You are injuring yourself and we are going to make you stop." It is your body and your right. That being said, the gov't should not pay for your illnesses when you are poor and have diabetes at age 32. With freedom comes responsibility. The gov't provides all in Communist/Socialist nations, not Capitalist.

Please pass a law that deals with the size limits of hog troughs too!

leave it to idiots to not realize their idiots.

Good for Mississippi.  It's time that someone somewhere in this country stands up to the spread of socialist dictatorship before it is too late.

Proud of being fat and unhealthy and do not want it to change.I understand if you are so far gone that there is no way back but how about your kids.The restaurants can control the Mississippi legislature but they cannot always control the local governments.Ah Republicans centralizing power.It should be their motto.First off I'm a Republican, old and white! And if I want to have sex with my horse or my sister you will not be watching me from a drone Obamy! And If I want to have a brother sister baby it will be a gift from Jeebus!..!!

It's about personal responsibility.

Finally, a State Government with good sense.

It ain't over till the fat lady sings

Regulation will not keep people from making pigs of themselves, if they can't get a very large drink or a super size, then they will just order 2 or 3 of the size they can get. People will do what they want, no matter what...even if it's bad for them.

This just proves that idiots are in charge.

We don't need a nanny state local or federal government

Bryant wants to pick what he wants to rule what you can and cannot do. Like control women's bodies. He wants to be in the doctor"s office with women.

Here is the REAL problem....Mississippi is a WELFARE SOCIALIST state that does not pay its own bills.... The BLUE STATES pay their bills. Mississippis will not pay for their fat people, California will.Mississippi will not pay for their trailer trash cousin humping freaks, Delaware will.Mississippi will not pay for their teen pregnancy, New York will.So, Mississippi STEALS $2.02 from the federal government for every $1.00 generated. California take $.78, Delaware takes $.77, New Hampshire takes $.72 and New Jersey takes $.61. Perhaps the impotent SOCIALIST losers should spend more time learning to read, getting real jobs and paying THEIR OWN D**N BILLS. It is clear that blue states are your superiors – if you want a huge wake up call, google ‘red state socialism’ and find out just how much you suck off  the HARD WORKING, EDUCATED blue states.Perhaps when the IMPOTENT #$%$ of Mississippi learn to pay their own bills, they can do what they want... Until then, they had better check with their BLUE STATE SUPERIORS to find out if they can cross the street.....****IF YOU ARE A MEMBER OF THE GOP --- JUSTIFY THIS RED STATE WELFARE BULLCRAP***

Funny, you guys are buying the "freedom" argument. Reality is - food and drink industry wants fat peole to buy lots of giant foods and giant drink. Drug industry wants to sell drugs to fix the illness associated with fat. Politicians want drug and food industry dollars. Pretty simple.. but, I'll never live in that crusty place anyway so ..go for it! Have your freedom from gov. control!! ha haBanning the government's ability to require that a company be honest with what goes into its products, and what the nutritional value of those products are?I'm sorry, but companies should have to say what is in there products and how that product will probably affect you. And if you still choose to buy, that is your right and I'm fine with it. But we all should know. Aren't you glad most of the fast food you buy at your grocery store has nutritional information on the packaging? Do you think the country would be BETTER if all that stuff wasn't there?

Yup, 'cause the folks there are so healthy and EDUCATED lol!

I think this would be more potent if they decided to add in a way to help combat obesity into the law. Bloomberg's health laws wouldn't work and I don't believe nutritional menus at fast food places really stop people from eating there, but there has to be some way to either inform or to set up a program to help get people eating healthy that actually works.

While I understand the idea behind the law, it oversteps its bounds by banning local governments from requiring restaurants from labeling nutritional information. I lost 185 pounds and a large part of that was by always knowing the caloric information of what I ate. People can't take personal responsibility and lose weight if they are not given the info to do so.

chris christie will kick your butts talking about his extended family like that

??Ok then they will get 2 large drinks..same!Or get 5 refills...

Bravo for Mississippi. When do we need government to regulate what we eat or drink? It's totally a personal responsibility.

Yes, another line in the sand by State republicans to keep government off our backs and maintain their number one rating as the most obese state in the union.  Way to go...

They can get back to the budget they need to do that

Mississippi is a welfare state.  Arn't we tired of hearing welfare queens complain about being told what they have to do while taking our money?Anyone from the below 10 states should shut up and say thank you for supporting our LAZY #$%$States receiving the most federal funding per tax dollar paid:1. New Mexico: $2.632. West Virginia: $2.573. Mississippi: $2.474. District of Colombia: $2.415. Hawaii: $2.386. Alabama: $2.037. Alaska: $1.938. Montana: $1.929. South Carolina: $1.9210. Maine: $1.78RED STATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

We want you fat, stupid and dead.  Little wonder this State is at the very bottom of everything from health to education to wages.

Great. Mississippi can lead the nation in big ol' ba-dunga butts as well as being at the bottom of the barrel in scholastic performance.

And they suck us dry with health care costs... big fat rednecks. FREEDOM YEAH!

Mississippi  is  the  a(ss)hole  of  America.

Mississippi, moving backwards with leaps and bounds.

oh my... this must be the most profitable state for the junk food makers.. don't mess with their sales

What are your scientific calculations for classifying a state as stupid and dumb? Guess you don't keep up with current events - such as the recent medical breakthrough at the University of Mississippi Medical Center and the native Mississippian who is the physician who cured the young girl of HIV are you? Perhaps you do not realize the wealth of talent we have in writers, actors, artists, scientists, medical researchers, astronauts and athletes.  You must be the one who is dumb and supid for your misinformed opinion and observation.

" Mississippi, the state with the highest rate of obesity, has banned its cities and counties from trying to stop restaurants from selling super-sized soft drinks or requiring them to post nutritional information about meals...It is simply not the role of government to micro-regulate citizens' dietary decisions," Bryant said"While i agree how are your citizens supposed to make informed "dietary decisions" without information about the contents of their meal?Sounds a bit bassakwards to me....but I guess since it is Mississippi it makes perfect sense.

The bottom line is more important than your waist line in America.This from the home of the fattest folks in the nation......no surprise here! Fat, dumb and lazy... it's just how they roll!

LMAO!What a bunch of slack jawed knee jerk reactionaries.

it's the beer stupid.

the blind leading the blind

Women who eat unhealthy and harm the embryo persons inside them should be jailed for child abuse.

folks are going to sell their 6th avenue apartments in NYC and move to Mississippi where they can feel like real Americans.

Well, if we followed the logic that all bad things are illegal...we'd be in that stupid movie...where Taco Bell was the only restaurant and salt was banned by law....Demolition Man..and that was a stupid movie...but scarily becoming more and more like reality every day...You are being fined 2 credits...have a happy joy joy day...

What is up with all the hate for this state yahoo?

Mississippi is the most backward state in the nation so no surprise here.

Our society has become hypocritical selling out to the almighty corperates. McD's has commercials about Big Macs and super sizes and the next commercial is about some miracle diet drug or excersize gadget. Corperates are the ones who stop any kind of infringement upon foods that are literally killing many Americans. I could go on about Healthcare expenses etc etc but why. Americans sympathize with wealthy and powerful people who are doing us in.Keep-em fat, Keep-em sick &amp; Keep-em dumb, #$%$ song against the Government.

Can they also smoke in bars and strip joints?

Thank goodness Mississippi's legislatures have the time to make sure that no town or city in the fattest of states is allowed to require restaurants to post calorie information. It's just un-American for citizens to be informed.

Good that Mississippi wants to stay Fat.

Mississippi = Teabagger TRASH

CAN WE PLEASE FOCUS ON THE ECONOMY. Thank you.

Fat and stupid.  And proud of it.

If the goverment want to do something about obesity, let them start with the food stamp program and administer the food stamps the same as they do the wic program, which only allow for foods that is nutrional. The majority of which has to be prepared.        dje

Point being, State said municipalities can't set those standards.  They still left door open to do so at state level.

And, who pays for their healthcare diabetes and heart disease?  Medicaid and Medicare, we do!!!What a bunch of dumb fat hill billy

The big cause for obeseity and diabetes is FOOD STAMPS...............

Mississippi should mandate all sugary drinks can be not be sold less than 5 gallons per serving so we can get rid of these inbred imbeciles once and for all.

dumb old government passing burdensome  laws like "you can't have supersized drinks" or "you can't impregnate and marry your sister".....just leave the trailer park confederates alone!

I mean, let's be honest, is anything else other than "making people fat" working in Mississippi??

I dont understand why any state, and especially the one with the most fat azzes, created a law that permits food manufacturers not to post nutritional content of the food?!?  Don't people want to know what they are putting in their body along with its nutritional impact?  Seems like this part of the law was only in the interest of corporations who can save money and hassle.  Politicians need to put people first and corporations second!

We may be last in everything else, but we are going to be first in the nation is to adopt a law that forbids anybody to tell us what or how much we can eat or drink!  Its great to live in the diabetic Capital of America!  America set back and watch our butts get bigger and bigger.  Mississippi the fattest state in the Union!

It's hard to believe they are proud of this. The state with the highest obesity and diabetes rates.

I guess down in Mississippi they should pay a higher percent for healthcare. If your 20% over weight pay 20% more.

Hurry up Mississippi ..... Alabama is gaining on you!!! Race to the bottomole miss, leading from the bottom of the list.

"The responsibility for one's personal health depends on individual choices about a proper diet and appropriate exercise." - OK if you believe this than make cocaine legal.

Hey if you wanna be fat it's your right. Its not like these establishments don't have small sizes. Nutrition is up to the tub of lard eating the not the government or the restaurant.

Mississippi, fattest state in the nationand damn proud of it!

I can take care of myself! I can eat whatever I want!*applies for ssi when my health turns to hell*

Yuk yuk, laws are for schmucks

Phil Bryant  = Republican.No need to say anything else. Thank you my dear comrade Mr Bryant. Bless you.

It's truly a sad state of affairs when states or local governments have to enact laws to exempt themselves from a federal government that is clearly overstepping boundaries.

Just more from a state that is last in everything but evangelicals.

The biggest Federal Welfare state in the Union. A Conservative Communist Red State that lives off of welfare, but hates people that are on it.If you believe the GOp is going to change, you need an "Obamacare" lobotomy. Illegals are smarter then the GOP...........LOL2013 most Obese state,  and the WINNER IS -- West Virginia had the highest obesity rate at 33.5 percent.

This is pure Socialism. I am thin, healthy, and eat / drink right. So why should I pay for the medical costs of the fat, lazy, &amp; stupid who should be weeded out by nature anyway?

Mississippi law is good one to have lets make it nationwide to curtail commie Bloomberg control freak nature

The high fructose corn syrup has gone to their heads!

Another government for the corporation. Whatever happened to the government for the people by the people

It doesn't matter what ANYONE eats. We can all make our own choices, right or wrong, and the government should have no say in that whatsoever. The more freedom we give them, by abiding by their ridiculous laws, the more ridiculous laws they will push on us.

The Marxists will be upset with this. Wait and see.

And one town, New Albany, MS, just today legalized the sale of liquor and wine.

And, of course, the state is uninterested in healthcare.  So clearly the plan is to reduce healthcare costs by killing off their population.  Very shrewd, indeed!

hey mike bloomerberg how do you like Mississippi nownow shut the hole that you breathe throughThis from the state with the most obese, unhealthy citizens.  NICE..............

They would rather ban teaching science,

Please resume obesity and do it right this time.

This one needs to go to the supreme court.  This is utter BS

I don’t want to pay for other people’s healthcare because they choose to be fat and unhealthy!

WOW, fat AND stupid. AND the biggest state user of fed funds. AND one of the lowest levels of education. A state to really emulate.............

This is basically Mississippi laughing at Bloomberg saying "HAHA WE'RE FAT!!! WHAT YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT!!!!11!!ONE!!!11" Why the hell would people be against requiring restaurants post food nutrition values?!?!?! It doesn't infringe on freedoms and has next to no harm...

Kudos to the fattest state taking a stand on food!

Its anyones choice to eat what they want and look how they want, not the government's.

One can only conclude that the citizens of the great state of Mississippi actually like being a national joke.Thanks Mississippi for once again making your neighbors in Louisiana, Arkansas, Alabama and Tennessee look a lot smarter than you.

believe it or not the fattest people in Mississippi vote democrat.

Sure, you have the freedom to drink super size sodas and triple portions, just don't expect a SS disability income and a handicapped parking spot and scooter for your fat tail.

"Mississippi, the state with the highest rate of obesity, has banned its cities and counties from trying to stop restaurants from selling super-sized soft drinks or requiring them to post nutritional information about meals."Not only dumb, but fat, too.

Maybe they ought to relocate the Statue of Liberty to Mississippi....For God's Sakes, NY doesn't want it.

fattest, biggest welfare state in the Union....  what di you expect?

who cares what people drink.   leave us alone.

i am moving to Mississippi where freedom rules.

Hopefully Mississippi's early deaths from "supersized" obesity will result in Social Security lasting longer for the rest of us.

JC3:  You are absolutely disgusting!  Thinking like yours is why Americans are becoming the laughing stock of the world.  You are not fit to polish Obama's shoes you bigoted disgusting piece of #$%$!they need to pass a lweight limit lw for spandex have you seen  and obese wman in them its nasty and they think they are gods gift to men yuck roll them in flower and find the wet sot

At least Mississippi will not allow the feds to dictate our lives.  And some of you #$%$ are jealous of that?  HAHA  Its OUR business how fat we are and if you dont like it?  Keep out of Mississippi cause we dont want you here.  Dont need you here either.  Maybe one day if its not too late someone in your puny scared lil state will take a stand agianst Communism like we did but I seriously doubt it.  Its not the governments role to dictate what we eat or how we eat it just like its unconstitutional to ban weapons.  We simply can not allow that socialist president to dictate any part of our lives.  Now...all you jealous people...go eat your rice and fish heads and kiss your gay lover.

MISSISSIPPI........What Michigan and Wisconsin strive to become under the dictatorship of their TYRANNICAL GOVENORS WHO SUPPORT SLAVERY.

"Mississippi, the state with the highest rate of obesity, has banned its cities and counties from trying to stop restaurants from selling super-sized soft drinks or requiring them to post nutritional information about meals."  - Our people are hugely fat and we want to keep it that way said the governor signing the bill into law.

Nutrition in Miss? How can you have nutrition when the diet consists of road kill, possum, pone and fried bear fat?

before you know, new yorkers are going to sell their fancy Manhattan apartments and move to Mississippi where they can be real Americans.

Way to go Missouri!!! Way to show those liberals you can decide things on your own!!!! If we're not careful the liberals will be telling us what type of car we can own, what kind of house we can buy and so on and so forth. Always AWESOME when the libs get shut down!!!!

How about Mississippi forbid people from overeating.

How stupid are these #$%$ people in Mississippi

Are you kidding me Mississippi?! I completely understand that some people are against banning certain prouducts, but most people are not against educating. The state is against requiring restaurants to at least post nutritional information about their meals? How does that harm anyone? WOW!At least with bathtub sized drinks Missippians won't have to waddle over to the drink fountain for that refill

Hi you dumbfat yanks how are you all wobbling today?

I think the federal government should cut all federal funds going to Mississippi. Let them self destroy.

I guess we all know from the article who put money in their back pocket. It really doesn't cost much to buy a politician.

What can we expect from a Honey Boo Boo culture?