I don't believe in having surgery for everything. Sometimes it can make a bad situation worse. Some surgeons think because they are surgeons they should operate on something even if it may not be necessary. That said I also hope that this study does not impede the progress that could be gained from necessary surgery for the sake of Obamma Care.

At 61, with no prior injury, I developed pain in both knees, the right a bit worse than the left, due to overuse in a challenging environment (carrying weights, LOTS of stairs over two days.  After two weeks and no improvement, I went to an orthopedic surgeon. MRI showed a tear in the meniscus of the right knee, which he expected.  Got the surgery, it was no big deal.  Photos taken during surgery showed arthritis, and the meniscus and cartilege was "smoothed."  Surgery was followed by six weeks of physical therapy, 2X per week, during which time an MRI showed the meniscus in the left knee to be as badly torn.  It was decided that the second surgery would be delayed until the first knee was recovered.Physical therapy involved exercises and therapy that involved BOTH knees except for electrical stimulation and cold-packs, which were reserved for the knee with the surgery.  Stepping, side-stepping, balancing, treadmill and bicycle were the same.  I replicated the leg lifts for the left knee.  I resumed a normal level of activity (walking, bending, etc.) without crutches after the first two weeks.Three months later, both knees feel the same.  No pain, though they both still "pop" a bit on occasion.  I avoid impact exercise and excessive twisting of the joints, but walking, stairs, and lifting are no problem.  My knees feel fine.  At this time, I don't anticipate going back for surgery on the left knee.

I chose to postpone surgery on meniscus tears and am glad that I did. Following an MRI where surgery was recommended I put surgery off for a couple of months and am back to 98% from where I was originally after a year. In my case my procrastination worked well.

I tore my left meniscus totally but had no pain at all. Both x-rays and MRI showed complete destruction. Yes Arthritis was a factor, and I found I could walk ONLY with the knee tightly wrapped until the surgery. All this expense and trouble just for putting on my sock.

There were a LOT of high quality posts on this article - WOW!

If a person has the time, the less invasive option is great. My husband avoided shoulder surgery because his surgeon suggested a course of physical therapy and strength exercises - he was motivated by watching two friends recover from this same surgery. It worked - took him most of a winter to do, but by spring he was rowing his boat and participating in many activities that caused him a lot of pain earlier. His range of motion was increased so he could reach up and back again. I, on the other hand, had a painful torn meniscus that did not respond to therapy and had surgery - now I can't remember which knee, can't even see the scar. It's important to know how different options work, so a patient can make an informed decision.

Avoid surgery at all (most) costs.  The body tends to repair itself if you give it time and exercise it correctly.  The problem is people are often too lazy or not motivated enough and are looking for a quick fix.

Don't go to a physical therapist who is "owned" by the surgeon.You do the math...........

I am a avid runner,my acl is torn completely in half in my left knee,my menicus is also torn,I was shocked when the surgeon said no surgery for me! She said said since running is a straight forward motion that I would be fine without surgery.She did recommend some strength building exercises.

i have 2 tears in my knee the doctor send me to therapist and hurt more , so i nsist MRI  and they found 2 tears, so i got surgery and phisical therepy and im ok nowI blew my knee out making a hard cut while playing softball. It was during the playoffs so I got a bunch of ace bandages and wrapped it up tight. After the playoff tournament was over, I went to a local doctor who said it was an ACL full break, and he sent me out of town to a Doc that worked on them.I had an arthroscopic session done to verify the diagnoses. 6 days after the arthroscope, I played in a golf tournament, bandage and all that. My surgeon asked me several times if I was sure I wanted it repaired, you know cause at 40 you're pretty old to be playing these sports like this. He wanted me to think about it so I did, after I reroofed my house. I finally had the ACL Ligament graft done, Which my Doctor warned me, is one of the most painful repair methods (if you don't know about ACL Ligament grafts, they cut up your busted up knee to get the parts to fix your busted up knee).Doc didn't lie about the pain. Doc told me my knee was so bad I'd need a knee replacement in ten years. Well after a year I went back to playing softball again and I still haven't had the knee replacement done. I also started snow skiing after all that. I never skiied before but always wanted too, So Now I ski, with a knee brace on, and after more than 25 years after the ACL Popped, I'd wager I can beat you down the Giant Slalom Course we race on in Colorado!.

I WANT MY PHYSICAL THERAPY!

I've been told I needed both of my knees and both shoulders operated on.  I refused it all and I feel great.  All I did was change what I did...

I tore my meniscus in 1980 and the orthopedic doc had me wait and come in every two weeks for a checkup.  In about 6 months it started getting better and I've had no problems since.  He said he didn't like to do surgery if at all possible and to give the body time to heal.  What a guy.

What a bunch of baloney.  No one ever gets better with knee problems with physical therepy alone.  It always takes surgery.  Try telling somone with shot knees that all they need is therepy.  What an ignorant article.

This must be buried in the 2500 pages of Obamacare!!!

The best way is to supplement your diet with glucosamine, chondroitin, hyaluronic acid. Start yoga practice when you are in your 30's and avoid playing soccer past the age of 50. Proper diet and weight control are also HUGE contributors to joint health. Unfortunately we do not live forever, and life will wear your body down, BUT you can avoid the surgery ( and bills) for as long as possible if you take care of yourself. And self education is as important as a good doctor.

stupid article, almost all injuries are like that...thats why most drs have people try therapy first..

My daughter is a chiropractor who does ART (Active release technique)....it is a type of very deep and painful tissue work she does with her hands, which for many people does miracles. We have observed this with great interest, as my husband is a family physician, who at one time would have been quick to send some of these patients to an orthopedic surgeon. After seeing a family member suffer long-term consequences and pain from knee surgery, we are always in favor of trying the most conservative route first. Sometimes it is better, and once tissue is cut into, it is never the same (scar tissue builds, etc.). There are reasons for each treatment option which are valid, but once again, we would favor the conservative first.

My knees are shot after running 2-6 miles at least 6 days a week, I miss running so much! I was living in Tennessee for awhile &amp; used to go to this park-first I walked about a mile thru the woods (beautiful). Then I was at the other side of the park, which came out to the road,that was car-free. The road was beside a lake &amp; I saw so much wildlife! I'm in Texas now,no places like that to run. I think I'm going to try the knee therapy, maybe I could run again!!!!!!!