Wait hold on, hiring the unemployed? What's that?

WPA version 20.13  Good move NJ. Hope Washington is watching.

In South Dakota they bring in low risk prison inmates. The inmates work hard but at least your out of the walls for a time.

This is what should have been going on in the entire country instead of giving it away to entities that causes the crash. Who is running your country!

WHAT A GREAT IDEA! Someone in NJ figured out you can actually hire an unemployed person to do real work!! Maybe some other states will copy that action!

What idiot wrote this headline? Who else would they hire? Someone who already has a job? Sheesh!

They should try that with those on welfare!

What a great idea!!

So you are saying "Guido" and his "friendly workers program" is going to step aside and not "wet his beak a little bit" --- give me a break --  the entire State is corrupt -- from the governor on down -- has been and will be -----

i say get the lazy azzzez on welfare that are completely able to work but won't.Gee.. you mean like the WPA????  DUH!!!!  Good for those folks!

Oh boy - The unions are going to have a FIELD DAY with this.

Hmm...the last time I was at the NJ unemployment office, nobody told me about unemployed workers being hired to help fix Sandy-damaged parks. I would've been interested in applying for them. Then again, I only went there to find out where my check is after being out of work for over a month. After all, the average-American assumption is that the unemployed are "lazy" and "don't want to work".

Love my state.

Gee, something we suggested after the storm hit.  Wow, it is such a normal part of the cleanup process in the gulf coast that we didn't think it would take a genius to figure it out.  Apparently, Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, and Florida where hiring the out of work to do work for emergency cleanup is smart---must be all those rocket scientists.

wonder what they are being paid? are they illegals like a lot of landscapers hire?

"Crews have so far hauled 1,000 pounds of debris out of the park "They  need a  bigger pick-up truck

What a wonderful idea who ever did that send them to washingtonmaybe they will get our country on the right road.

NJ hires unemployed... This is like... "Hungry man eats dinner" or "Driver parks car" or "Students learn at school"... Thanks for pointing this out.

At least some unemployed people at getting some use out of federal money given to NJ, instead of it being stolen.