If they get Lebanon going again. . . stand back.

The fact that they are still alive is a refreshing contrast between #$%$ &amp; Sunni areas.  I was in Beruit back in the 70s before this religious fundamentalism surfaced &amp; it was a peaceful place with ~40% Sunni, 40% #$%$ and 20% Druze &amp; Christian.  Their best bet is to get rid of the fundi clerics from both sides.

Isn't the real punchline of this story the reference to "Muslim scholars"?Scholars?  In what?Fashion?  (Women:  cover entire body, head to toe.  Men:  whatever.)Art and painting?  (Oops.  No art.  No painting.)Theology?  (Oops.  No theology since no questions permitted.  Or else off with your head.)Social science?  (See Fashion, Art and Painting, and Theology.)

So, let me see if I got this clear... Four Sunnis got the #$%$ kicked out of them.

They should know by now that Sunni and Shi.ite don't mix.

"highest Sunni seat of learning" ... an odd contradiction.

Lebanon used to be a peaceful country when it was a Christian majority.

When suddenly they realized they were in deep Shi'ite and this was not such a good idea.

What these Sunni wanted in Shia district, I am wondering?

Lebanon ....do not give in to  the trap , don't do itI like the term in the headline "beaten up" instead of attacked or assaulted. Makes it sound like a high school problem.

if this is what Muslims do to each other can you imagine what they would do to somebody they don't like, an infidel?

The fact that Hezbollah and Amal were quick to condemn the attacks means they  are compulsive liars

I guess the test failed ,but it doesnt matter they will still insist they are the peaceful religion and this was just another zionist plot to show islam in a bad light.

Maybe they thought the Sunni Scholars were women

Even being a Muslim isn't going to save you from Muslim violence.

it just sheckel_trader upset about his outhouses again

Watch how you Type Shi"ite, Yahoo doesn't have common sense.

A muslim not killing someone when they had the chance is a giant step for Islam.

Sunni need to go. Osama was a sunni terrorist. Nothing good ever comes from sunni. A good sunni is a dead sunni.They need to settle this matter about which branch are the true Muslims and which are the heretics. At least then we'd be rid of one set of terrorists.

Lebanon should deport all the Shiites back to Iran

The Religion of Peace can't even manage non-violence between different sects in Islam! Hundreds of Thousands of Muslims have died in attacks between Muslims in the past three years alone in Lebanon, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Afghanistan and Pakistan among many other places. The River of Muslim on Muslim Blood is getting deeper and wider by the DAY!Where are the Infidels when you really need them!

Sunni Muslim scholars they found out they were full of Lies. they started that War in Syria with Saudi help and look at the mess it has caused.

Both scholars at Lebanon's highest Sunni seat of learning, Dar al-Fatwa, a.k.a. House of Fatwa.Lol!

What kind of education do you need to be a Muslim scholar.  DO you have to be able to read and write?

Muslim-scholars. Now that is what I call an oxymoron.

If it happens, Allah has allowed it! Well, it was either him or maybe Zeus.

(Nelson voice) *points* Hah Hah!

Sunnis better stop preaching hate against shias or any other group or religion, sunnis are quick at spreading hatred.  If sunnis didn't exist the civil war in Lebanon would have never started.Sunnis are the problem.

Should have beaten the #$%$ out of them, then there would be nothing left. Right?

TO LEADERS IN OUR COUNTRY:(Our country become an “INTERNATIONAL DUMPING GROUND OF ILLEGAL ALIENS WITHOUT BRAIN AND ECONOMIC POWER” in our society.)Many talks are floating in our present political system regarding how illegal aliens can get permanent status to stay in our country. It will be great mistake from any political angle that if anybody makes any mistake regarding this issue then our country will collapse in every respect and the country become a Third World Nation. They are eating our hard earning tax dollars; finally destroy the foundation of our economy. They come through the tunnel. When they cross the border their friends and relatives give them free shelters. As soon they cross the borders they start producing babies to get free stuffs from Uncle SAM and other benefits from tax payers. At the same time, Illegal aliens will be a bigger burden to tax payers and national economy. All our national resources will be drained out Lone Star Card, WIC programs, School district expenditures, Health care, Gold Card and to maintain law enforcement, and eventually the country will drag to be a third world country; because it is projected by 2040 to 2050 white and black population will be depleted. Off-springs of illegal aliens will be increased and they will control White House to local government. Is there any contingency plan for that outcome? Our country will be dumping ground of all influx criminals from our neighboring countries. We do not have enough law enforcement officers to control the crime. They are very intelligent and know how to beat our constitutions and law of our country.• The main objective of illegal aliens are only producing babies and it is projected that the illegal aliens and their offspring will be the majority population in our country by 2040 to 2050 and white and black population will be minority. We are not able to compete the world in terms of Super Power and other European Nations are depends on us in terms of our strength. China and Russia will dominate the peaceful world. Moreover, when they will become the majority they will change and amend our constitution (democratic process) in the congress. Eventually they will try to annex our country to their mother land. Our future generation will be minority and orphan children of our nation.At present we need to give immigration status to educated and business class people to enrich our strength in every field of scientific and business development. If we grant illegal aliens immigration status we do not know their criminal history and their background. If this things happen then our country will a nation with illegal drugs, prostitution, criminal activities, graffiti, and they will dominate other races in our country. Beside these there are lot economic, political, and social consequences that will impact on our Nation. Our population and future generation do not want to see the country as a Third World Nation. Democrats and Republican should work together to built our Nation; not to personal gain. Never play with fire of "IMMIGRATION" bill for the country. Get the people's opinion and see the consequences about the future of our country and generation . .

I'm not going to lose sleep over that!

Dark ages from a dark religion, Islam.look what they have done in Syria, 100 thousand dead and all by the hand of islam.

Calling Islamic leaders "scholars" is an oxymoron . They are regressive , repressive , and generally obnoxious . That being said , they should not be attacked physically .

Dark age religion strikes again!!!

We still need to bomb the heck out of Southern Lebanon(Hezbollah) to even the score for the Marines killed in Beirut.

Americans for staying out of the Middle East!

Any news of sheikhs getting beaten up is good newsOh boy, here we go....

hezbollah is responsible for the attack,and yet they don't accept,  it they are oppose to sunnie community in that region

Ship them back to Qatar or Saudi where they belong!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Only brainless people attack scholars in whatever field of study.

radical Muslims can't even live with their own people.  They have the same God, Koran and they still kill each other. This is why the western Cristian world hates them.

"Facebook showed one in a neck brace and the other with a bruised face" will not sit well with sunni radicals. Most likely there will be retaliation with mutail reprisals and kindnappings.And if it really gets protracted and popular, it maybe followed by cross-sectarian killjngs and rapes.

Is there a score card for any of this? What's the over/under?

Its those Zionists again.

"Highest sunni seat of learning." Ya learning about jihad.

People and their idiot religions.  What's funny, you go back 1 or 2 generations and the Jews are related to the Shiites are related to the Christians, are related to the Sunni's.  Religion never stopped a hard #$%$ going in a hole and producing offspring.Who has been and are still oppressing the #$%$ s .You just have to look at Pakistan and Afganistan , Saudia and many more.So i guess there is a limit how long will people will take that  before these kind of things happen.

Thanks religion -- guess there hasn't been enough violence in your name over the last 2,000 years.

Sunni Lebanese Moslems and #$%$ Lebanese Moslem on the verge of murdering each other which they are already doing in Syria, Egypt, Libya, Yemen, Iraq, etc. and yet the Israel-bashers say Israel should make huge concessions to these people.  These people love to murder each other more than anything..EXCEPT murdering Jews.  The Israelis have learned the hard way what their neighbors are like-and so have we in America had our wake-up call on 9/1/1.

sunni, shi'ite what's the difference !! some use deodorant some don't ?  their muslim , such loving religious people.

The Zionists and their Neo-Con partner are behind all unrest in the Middle East. Zionists using the old technique of Colonial Britain. which is based on the division between people. IT KNOWN AS DIVIDE AND CONQUER.

I am surprised!!

Zionists / Neo-Con are the roots of all mishaps in the Middle East. THEY ARE EVIL ON EARTH.

I just know it was a bunch of Amish thugs who did this. Bet they ran over them with their buggies , too.

Lebanon's population is partly Christian and partly Sunni muslim. The Shiaa there are not Lebanese. They are Persians posing as Lebanese, just like the Alawite termites in Syria...

Religion at workA Freudian slip can set off the Apocalypse in the Middle East.

The cabal of war criminals from DC, are about to kick off their Sunni Al-CIAda terrorist Spring against secular &amp; multireligious Lebanon, since Syria, and Lebanon are the last 2 of their long list that started with secular Iraq, and is to end with White majority Iran, while their fake war on terror was supposed to be against the Sunni wahabbi arab Al-CIAda terrorists who they are assisting

Why don't we replace Muslims in the Middle East with beautiful Mexicans. This will solve the immigration problem in America as well. Mexicans will improve the gene pool in these Islamic countries and work hard and treat their women with dignity, only then will Allah and Mohammad the Great be happy.

What...they didn't blame this on Israel too..LMAO

Animals all, there is no hope for these people. In the name of God.

If Syria wanted to destablize the country than hezbolla would have given Assad the green light. Hezbollah denied he was involved in the attack.

Guess that I would feel as safe walking downtown Detroit, LA, Chicago or Atlanta. Same situation.

this shi.itee is offensive