Can't ya just feel it in the air? There has to be some one to bomb as we slide down to the 3rd world. After all we can just put another war on the tab because we sure can't pay for it.

European Institutionalized Cowardice on display for the world to see.Too many brave Europeans died in WWII leaving the likes of this.

Cowards!!!!

Those who think that they can avoid evil by appeasement are in for a bitter disappointment....

so in order for a group of be considered a terrorist organization in europe is that have to harm europeans? so why is LeT, virtually every islamist movement infecting muslim allies, terrorist groups in thailand, sri lanka, etc...none have ever touched a european. they are designated as terrorist groups, but hamas and hezbollah are not?#$%$

"Now, there is no way to say how long some projects take, that's our principle."Christo(I guess he was talking about 'common sense!')

Don't you think your fear will stop them. It won't. People feared the #$%$, but that didn't stop them. Fear is a killer and will change your life radically if you give into it. Stand up. Fight back.

Bulgaria would take the lead if they benefited from it,since they don't then of course they won't.Really speaks trivial right.

Too terrorized to call terrorists terrorists.

Five people lost their life. Many remain injured for life. Yet, EU polticians play politcis of appeasement toward terrorists and then twist arms in Bulgaria and use opposition to come up with excuses and appeasement of Hezbollah. Shame on EU and shame on Bulgarian opposition. Nothing changes in Europe. Chamberlain would feel very much at home today in EU."argued the country could open itself up to more attacks if it takes the lead in blacklisting Hezbollah."Stupidest reason ever.

The EU:  "Let's not upset Hezbollah more than they already are about this stuff or they will really get mad and kill some of our own non-Jewish citizens."   "Let's just do what worked in the 1930's when confronting terrorism; that worked out well! "

Lets see the evidence!

Memo to Raikov:...."Shut up and grow a pair".

Bulgaria is the only country who did not turn over its Jewish population to the germs..even though they were allies of the germs.

Bulgaria, seems that they are friends of hezbolla.

sooooo they are afraid of hellballsallah?

Don't blacklist them. Kill them all!

Bulgaria has a muslim population that scares him.  So I guess the war against terrorism has been won by the terrorists, not just in Bulgaria, but all of Europe.  Sad the the European population is so weak they don't have the mentality of a culture that can stand against injustice, mayhem, murder, etc.  I fear that the US is heading in this direction with the feminization  of our men and the example our gov't makes by destroying our military.

Spain caved in to the terrorists and were attacked anyway. Watch your back Bulgaria.Israel ain't going to like this.....

"The country could open itself up to more attacks."  Another country being held hostage by fear of islamists. If we do not do something now this will come back to bite us eventually. How much longer can the civilized world allow the islamists to dictate how we live?

Do we give them aid too?

maybe they should come back and blow up ur car butthead??

What a bunch of losers the Bulgarians are.  Affraid of more attacks from the sand monkeys.  The new guy looks like a #$%$ anyway.

I guess terror works.

The only good career diplomat is a ^^^^ career diplomat.  American, Bulgarian, or whatever country.

No problem, just send in more Mossad agents, CIA, MI-5 and the rest, if Bulgaria will not clean up the dirty laundry you know someone else will, that's the way it is when there is no leadership or accountability.

sanction bulgaria then

he has no ballsNot every countries leaders are willing to be puppets.

Cowards.

This guy sounds like Obama... gutless little wimp who cowers when the cowardly islamic pigs rattle their bag of bones and chant around a bonfire with painted faces.

sad that Bulgaria is being bullied by the same hezbulah terrorists, with iran's backing and support has already attacked her homeland.

The cowards of Bulgaria have just handed a victory to the terrorists of Hezbolah. Hezbolah will remember them well in the future, as an easy target.

Cowardice.  This is how Hitler rose to power.  If the good people don't take action, evil will thrive, and then they have no one to blame but themselves.

Hezballah's days are numbered.  When they next start a war with Israel, they will be toast and fast.  Before they can be rescued by the usual JewHaters and Cheerleaders of the West.That is just the way it is going to be, folks.  Suck it up.

Hitler was appeased - did anyone learn that lesson ???

You think Bulgaria is in any position to start a war on terror? Only big guns with big wallets like the US, Britain, France, etc, can talk like that.

Useless countryKill assrolla the fat pig

Good move, Bulgaria ! Do not give in to Israeli " suggestions " to pressure on E.U. to place the Hezbollah in its terror group list. And let's see some proof of H. involvment in the attack, we've been waiting for months !

Nothing like passing the buck.I,m sure when Hezbollah kills some Bulgarian citizens they will be outraged.Unless,of course,Hezbollah aimed their rockets wrong!!

What Hezbollah needs is to be driven into the ocean by Israel the next time the pigs launch rockets into the Jewish state and the idiots who say other wise would be the first to want blood if this #$%$ from these animals were directed at their country. Just march forward and shoot, shell and destroy any maggots in the way right up to the sea and these pigs will be history.

I would say that bombing in Bulgaria is Mossad/CIA job, like a numerous terrorist acts all over the world including in the US of America and they would always blame somebody else. Bulgarians are pressured by EU and Nato to say that was Hezbollah job, that is why they do not want to take a lead.People you have to rise above nightcrawler level and use you little brain !

Ironically, the IDF has killed far far more civilians than Hezbollah ever has. For example Israel killed 1400 civilians in 2008-2009, and literally blew up 400 children to charchoal with torturous weapons such as white phosphorus.

that's cause the mooslims won there, them non-mooslims have no spine to stand up to them terrorist, the are running with their tail inbetween their legs.

They are scared of Hezbollah and they will not try to backlit it!This is ho terrorism thrives.

Who else are they going to sell their cold war nuclear weapons to?

Good move by Bulgaria.  If and when the fine folks at Hezbollah decide to join the rest of the human race, they will need someone to approach with the concept of hosting international discussions.  If Hezbollah leadership, at that future time, has 2 or more brain cells, they may recall Bulgaria's quiet dignity in investigating the bombing and calm presentation of their findings to the world.  EU Member Bulgaria would be seen as neutral or friendly by Hezbollah and would have the respect of both sides in discussions.  Many Israelis already vacation in Bulgaria.  Israel, also, would  look toward Bulgaria for leadership.  2 thumbs up for Bulgaria."who have argued the country could open itself up to more [terrorist] attacks if it takes the lead in blacklisting Hezbollah [as a terrorist organization]"We definitely do not consider them terrorists  ... cause if we do they might do more terrorist attacks.Nice logic bro!

Liberal dhimmi cowards. Big mistake.

Bulgaria's interim Prime Minister Marin Raikov is correct. Why cut the throat of the Bulgarian weapons manufactures (the people that elected him to represent them) by blacklisting their number one client, Hezbollah? Obama - take an economics lesson 101 from Marin Raikov.

Good for Bulgaria not be bullied by israel in lying . . . .

Hezbolla been bombing and killing innocence for yrs then they hidde in the cave, that's why israel take things seriously and attack them.

Many European governments are wary, arguing that sanctions could destabilize Lebanon's fragile coalition government, which includes Hezbollah, and compound regional tensions.I thought the whole purpose of sanctions was to destabilize hostile government.

Silly me.  I thought they just made caviar.

What a pu$$u$$ssy prime minister ! Now terrorists know which country they can intimidate with terror. :-D

Shame on the once morally strong Bulgaria. Expediency over fighting terrorism committed on Bulgarian soil only invites more terrorism. Argentina is also backing down on their attempts to prosecute Hezbollah for the bombings in their country. The U.S. never made them pay for killing our marines in Lebanon either. They need to be confronted &amp; stopped.

Appeasement = Fear = Defeat.Israel has surpassed South Africa's darkest days.  I was reading "Night" (Elie Wiesel) and three thoughts came to mind: 1) How good people can be made to do the most heinous acts. 2) How people can ignore these acts - both those who will be hurt and those not involved  3) How those who have been hurt so badly can turn around and do the same to others.

Unfortunately, the interim PM has no moral courage.   It was a spineless decision.

Bulgaria is now going to look the other way  when it comes to terrorists so as to save their own butt?

"Marin Raikov did not give a reason for his decision - but it will likely be seen as a concession to Bulgarian opposition groups, who have argued the country could open itself up to more attacks if it takes the lead in blacklisting Hezbollah"Hezbollah has already won.Chickens**t Bulgarians.

If you scared, say you scared!

Do not forget this golden rule: Israel is the source of corruption and Alqaeda is the source of terrorism(alqaeda=saudi)!

A sudden change of heart thanks to pressure from France and Germany. All EU countries are now ruled by Germany. This is why US must work to destroy EU and its Euro. Germany created EU and Euro to compete with US and to conquer the world. It surely conquered Europe. Ask Bulgarians and Greeks.

This guy would have let all of us get "gased" in the last world war.

Israel also has stepped up lobbying in Brussels and Paris, calling on European governments to follow the United States in listing Hezbollah as a "terrorist organization" and impose financial sanctions on it. we (israel) need this. hezbollah is standing in the way of our stealing.

Another terrorist supporter. If they attack him then he will take action but only if it affects him personally. Politicians are the same the world over. Self serving pricks.HEZBOLLAH IS LESS TERRORIST THAN ISRAEL.  Hezbollah is not keeping 5 million Palestinians under indefinite occupation while stealing land and killing to enable it.  'uck Israel and whatever they want.

This was a mossad operation to lever the vote that israel would like .  . . . ..not everyone are like Republicans that fall for what ever israel says

Good for you Bulgaria, dont be a pawn to the jew like the US and few other nations, resist the devil.

The Europeans run scared again

More proof of european gutlessness. Innocent people are murdered on their soil and they don't want to offend the butchers by calling them terrorists.We should leave nato and let the eurocowards go under.

Sounds like more Israeli Propaganda base on religious hatred and not on facts......

COWARDS

DECK their balls with poison Ivy, Hezbolla lala la la. Come on now SONG ALONG.

as long as you do not support terrorist groups that is okay.go ahead and stand by and watch..just do not aid terrorists.they are doing nothing wrong,they are not taking sides or giving aid..they are simply doing,''nothing''

well done Bulgaria, let the americans get slaughtered in the name of Israel. you cant fix stupidsNo matter what nasty names some call on Bulgerians, still they have to be100% sure who did it !!

Bulgarians have no balls!!!!

Countries are uniting against the Jews.

DON'T CAVE IN TO ISRAEL.  Israel is the worse terrorists in the ME

And finally a safe place to vacation.

Everyone should love the beautiful JEW! The JEW is ALL! Others created to serve the JEW!

Then we would also have to blacklist Israel as the Israeli government has stolen European passports to disguise their killers when they murdered a Palestinian abroad!

Yep Cowards, Witch is normal"

The Hezbollah will continue to win all rounds with the Israelies. I wish all of them would get it n soon.

Good decision. Lately East  Eu countries have  wiser  and smarter politicians than the west.ISRAEL ASSASSINATES WHEREEVER IT WISHES, then whines and BEGS to have its enemies blacklisted.  'uck Israel.

Cowards, no other word for it. They are a disgrace and chicken.Hezbollah is the one that blew up our marine barracks in Lebanon in 1983 and killed over 200 of our men.

If you want to scensor an evil group of people scensor the false flag Jews, (Khazar Judaists).Lest we forget, the Khazar Judaists slaughtered 40 million Christians in Russia and Eastern Europe, 7 million Africans, and untold numbers of Indians in South America. The Khazar Jewish "God" has also given them permission to slaughter the Muslims in the Middle East.  Now they want to attack Iran.

Why should Bulgaria side with the Zionists against Hesbollah?  They know that Israel is more terrorist than Hesbolloh.

Smart PM, for not following Israel command.

Then Bulgaria is ruled by minions of the group, but then again, this backward nation threw in with Hitler during World War 2, so being close knit with hate and terror is something these low class semi euro's enjoy.

Very good Bulgaria,dont follow the west propaganda Hezballah is a legitmate party and militia tha  stands  against apartheid!!!!!

NO freedom loving person can now vacation in Bulgaria. That dumb-doofus country must forfeit the tourist dollars it sorely needs. If you don't defend freedom you don't deserve its bounty.

Obviously, terrorism works...

You Chicken S---T politician. You are held in bondage and still have the Nazi mentality.Bulgarians should know better after hundreds of years of occupation by islamic terrorist turkish empire

Mossad at work

This article is full of $h!%% and it was written by a Zionist P!&amp;.Hizbollah is not a terrorist organization. defending your country against a rabid aggressor doesn't make you a terrorist. sacrificing your life to protect your honor, dignity, family, country and freedom doesn't make you a terrorist unless, the aggressor is the Zionist israel and its American Congress lap d09.

Vulgaria  the total losers of eastern Europe.  Maybe Turkey will come over those borders and show you how its done. LOL.

They will not blacklist a terrorist group who blew up a bus with students on their soil? They deserve another attack. No wonder their IQ scores are the lowest in Europe, next only to Romania. Imbeciles.

Blacklist Israel as the human rights violator they are.

The whole world will pull and fight against the evil Jews. And we will win, even if the whole planet is destroyed. So will be the Jews.

GOD BLESS Bulgaria from U.S.A.  Should we the white people ever break free from the Jewish control in the USA we definately need to side with the people of Bulgaria! I swear it!

Oh ya Bulgaria , the nurses who infected 300 or so children with HIV in Libya , in 2004 I think, they were acquired because the higher ups didn't tell them what they were taking in the vaccines ,, ya nice country lol!!!

Impose sanctions on those bloodthirsty, greedy, tiny "D".*.icked profligate "J".EW mother"F".*.uckers in that festering bucket of "S".*.hitstained puke israel.If Bulgaria won't take the lead, then that says a lot about their commitment (or lack thereof).Hezbollah would have absolutely nothing to gain from something like this.On the other hand, Israel would have much more to gain and profit from it, even if it meant murdering their own.Mossad was made for things like this, as we all, already know.  Their name just comes up too many times involving too many different incidents.  The ex-communist J00 mindset that forged Mossad thinks nothing of killing its own to achieve a goal if it means brownie points for their beloved and fanatical Pirate Kingdom.-S/T

Of course not, a government that shows its true colors.  Cowards.

another gutless politician. and YAHOO GOOBERS quit putting those stupid YELLOW RIBBONS on idiots.

chicken #$%$

Good for Bulgaria,they are showing some common sense,and are not completely under the influence of Zionists yet like USA.

I don't believe it was hezbollah who did it. Probably a garbage collector or Trash man. why I suspect it was a garbage collector. Because someone just took out the trash. What problem? someone did bulgaria a favor by taking out their trash. the garbage man took out 5 pigs. what is wrong.

Now the Jews on this forum are going to DEMAND the slaughter of everyone in Bulgaria - or you're "Hitler"!!

Sounds like the new beginnings for a retirement community for americans.

Poor Israel, instigating others to follow his command.

The Zionist &amp; US will not get their Ways on This One... THE ZIONIST ARE THE Major Terrorist in the World bar None.at least one country stand up to Israel

Why media always scared of pointing out Israeli govt. losses. This is one major loss of the govt. loss. That bugarian terror attack report was doctored it was a product of coersion.

Because they know that its a scam! its fake!

are you sure it wasnt the mossad who bombed?

israel is the only one who would benefit from bombing a bus and killing a few worthless tourists. They are just trying to get Hezboolah into Europ's terror list.

Another weak kneed politician without any juevos !

You would have thought the world learned a lesson on appeasement after Munich.

hide in the basement- its safe there

What kind of sanctions can you put on a terrorist organization? This is a group that has taken over Lebanon and their goal is to destroy Israel. Sounds like to me Bulgaria should put pressure on the Lebanese people to get rid of this terrorist group within their country.

List of welfare recipients, Pakistan, Afghanistan, few middle east countries and ISRAELHezbollah is not a terrorist organization. They are just fighting their own war on terror. Even Lebanese Christians love Hassan Nasrollah. Christian Science Monitor reports:ww‌w.csmonitor.co‌m/World/Middle-East/2012/1221/In-Hezbollah-stronghold-Lebanese-Christians-find-respect-stability

When will the Europeans learn that appeasement gets them no where. Stop cowering to these terrorist groups.

Well, we know who owns vulgaria now.

I just wish for once we could have a government that would just say, "from now on ,your on you own, Israel"!

Bulgaria sees that as we all know the jews are lying about hizbollah. In addition who else but the zionists have plenty of experience assassinating citizens of foreign countries on their soil!

“Lebanese Christian: I feel honored to be here. They are honest. They are not extremists. It’s not like everyone describes, I can speak on behalf of all my Christian friends. They would say the same thing."ww‌w.csmonitor.c‌om/World/Middle-East/2012/1221/In-Hezbollah-stronghold-Lebanese-Christians-find-respect-stability

"In a home in a Sh‌i‌i‌te neighborhood in southern Beirut, images of Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah share mantel and wall space with the Virgin Mary. "w‌ww.csmo‌nitor.co‌m/World/Middle-East/2012/1221/In-Hezbollah-stronghold-Lebanese-Christians-find-respect-stability

lady boys

I'd bet that if the people that were killed were not Jews, they would take action. Since those dead were Jews, they are expendable, huh? What cowards, spineless hypocrites.

the biggest terrorist sponsor state or organization in the world is the Jewish state called Israel.Jews/Israel are the greatest threat to world peace and mankind, Jews/Israel are the root cause of all evil in this world.castrated

sick mother effers

achmed lovers

Bulgaria is a chicken sheeeet !!!!!

Sounds French!

Israel did the LAVON Affair , the attack on U.S.S. Liberty and 911. Fact. Watch 911 missing links!

''Opposition leaders had also used the protests to denounce what they saw as irresponsible government accusations that Hezbollah was behind last year's bombing that killed five Israelis in the Black Sea resort of Burgas.''- Tired of being a zionist donkey in the style of Mr USA an occupied territory of the zionist colony of settlers. Cannot defeat Hezbollah on the battle field and hence resorting to shameless lies typical of zionist killers!

The ZioNazi ploy to instigate Hezbollah seems to be backfiring.Brings tears to my eyes..-S/T

she males

cowardschicken #$%$

gutless

no balls

This matter is very simple to understand, that it is always easier to sell out Israel, for what ever reason than be on the side of rightious truth and facts! Wake up Europe look what's happening to your demographics!

smart man .... force the EU to be blacklisted by islamist groups after the Eu blacklists the islamist gruops....thus keeping Bulgaria safe!

And yet again,from many of these comments,anti semitic Nazi snakes are slithering out from their dung heaps, spewing out their hate, and rushing back to their dung heaps before being stomped on.

Isreal is a bully state and they have been systematicaly ethnicley cleansing since 1948 and they call other people terrorists for defending themselves?

its a time to blacklist Islam. They are the fukkkking the whole world.

Hezbollah should be considered innocent unless proven guilty.

HIZBULLAH TIME TO TRY ...THOSE Chemical War Heads On isreal Fake Jews...Kabooooom !