"In 2009, the company was named as a defendant in a federal lawsuit brought by a former female employee hired to be Caves' executive assistant. She claimed sex discrimination, retaliation and wrongful discharge".  What does this have to do with the crash.If the AP was a tour guide at a museum, in additon to the art work, you would get a tour of the men's and lady's rooms, the boiler room, and employees cafeteria. Who cares about the discrimination suite. Two people just died and these folks want to drag the company through the mud. Good grief.

Hey AP: It's a "Cockpit Voice Recorder" (CVR) or "Black Box," NOT a " voice box recorder." Who the heck writes these articles?

Hey AP: It's a "Beechcraft," not a "Beachcraft!"

When I die, I hope it's while I'm doing what I love to do.

"In 2009, the company was named as a defendant in a federal lawsuit brought by a former female employee hired to be Caves' executive assistant. She claimed sex discrimination, retaliation and wrongful discharge. Federal court records indicate the suit was settled in 2011 without going to trial."Whew!  Glad we uncovered that!  Now we'll know for sure what caused the crash!

"Messages left by The Associated Press for Caves' wife and at least two others who are believed to be his family members in Tulsa were not returned Monday."Wow, the AP is no better then papparazzi hiding in the bushes, did they call all of his teachers from grade school too?

sounded like a great guy, to young to be gone!!!  prayers go out to the all the family;s

What does this woman's lawsuit have to do with the crash? Stupid-as_ed "journalist".

Flying magazine had a column titled "Aftermath" which detailed air incidents and accidents. It was years ago but I recall one column which detailed that a third approach to landing statistically resulted in an accident. Terrible incident , God bless the departed and pray for the survivors.

This is sad. God speed to all invovled. Prays to all.Just good people, Davis was a great college QB too 32-1-1 and two National Championships. Now has a halo, that is even better. Sympathy to the family.

It is very sad.  Steve Davis was a good guy.

Flying a twin-engine, piston-driven aircraft is a far cry from a twin-engine jet.  Did they have the appropriate licensing for those?  As for the errors in spelling Beechcraft, or referring to the Cockpit Voice Recorder as the Voice Box Recorder, well, I'm getting used to it.  When it comes to news posted on the internet, speed trumps accuracy and spelling every time.

Shouldn't this headline read ".........WAS flight crew"?  Two people, but subject is singular "crew".

I grew up with Steve in Sallisaw back in the 60's and I've never known a more dedicated athlete.

this is a sad day for the familys god speed to them

Steve was successful on and off the field.  R.I.P

sounds like the owner should have had a professional crew flying the jet. if you have an airplane with a problem and you get it on the ground , you stay on the ground,no matter what.you cant fly a jet or any other airplane part time and expect to stay proficiant in its operation.sad for the lose of life.

2 aborted landings is highly unusual. Something more to the story that these "reporters" are not reporting.

so why were there two aborted landing attempts--does anyone know how to write at yahoo?Don't do it mon...you be...

There's no better feeling than piloting an airplane. You soar like a bird.

Second " go-around " landing fatal accident with this model aircraft in recent weeks, the other outside of Agusta GA. , with many fatalities. Much more investigation to come, no mention here but TV report stated pilot reported electrical system problem of some type just prior to the crash, amazing no fire - sounds like they had plenty of fuel left - R.I.P.

The FAA has established "Recency of Experience" Standards for this reason lets just hope and pray that this was not a contributing factor in this accident.I am a very experienced pilot with 20000 hrs in my career and have piloted some great fighters very sophisticated but I do know my limitations and would not climb in one today or a C172 without an Instructor Pilot sitting next to me for a few touch and go's and some basic maneuvers over the practice area.Gentlemen if there are any Pilots reading this and you have not flown in a while and decide you want to enjoy our skills "Please" take an I.P. with you just to make sure you have not picked-up any bad habits and that you still have the "Right Stuff" we don't need to hurt any one we love or ourselves!"Aim High" Eagle Driver

the government needs to ban former football players from flying!! ok just mocking the left wing nut bags ...  RIP Steve

this is a bummer, i was hoping it would be some family from wall st.

Guess god smacked'm down in Notre Dame land.

"It is miraculous that there was not a greater loss of life," South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg said."No, that's luck. A miracle would have been no loss of life.

If you ask me, that was some mighty miraculous flying going on there to have any survivors at all on board the plane and inside the residences. Even though they both lost their lives they were able to keep others from that same peril.

Seems like a good and Christian like man. Praying for his family and his teammate's family. God bless!I just got to the woman with the wrongfull discharge...... ever here of pineapple juice? worked for the Kardashians...

to die is to gain

2 Aborted attempts to land? Could be cross wind conditions. I suspect flaps were not 20 degrees down, engines power too heavy and they missed the "oil slick" came in to long of the center line, with not enough runway to stop. Power up for this aircraft is slow for T and L routines in many conditions. I hated this type of aircraft. Like the 727, you have to land that sucker on almost full engines thrust.  RIP.

From what I read, Steve Davis is a class act.  I wish him peace in Heaven if he ends up there and I wish his family condolesences.  God and him will determine his eternal life and if the citations are true, Steve Davis deserves a good afterlife.

Steve davis was a childhood hero of so many university of oklahoma football fans i remember as a child his posters were sold all over the state i remember my father listening to him on the radio "the golden days of ou football" a time that will most likley will never be repeated in ou football lore....yes there will never be another steve davis#5

It was a Hawker Beech Jet..no wonder................

"Messages left by The Associated Press for Caves' wife and at least two others who are believed to be his family members in Tulsa were not returned Monday"  "a spokesman for the hospital, said the survivors have declined requests for media interviews."   F*****G #$%$ media.  Somebody died, leave family members alone you stupid idiots.

Sounds like a class act, I remember the wish-bone assult off. he ran for Switzer in the day. Sad, our prayers to him and all involved in this tragedy.

oh hurry Obumma, ban all private jet flying, cuz all those "rich" ppl are the culprits!  what the hell does this guys sex discrimination, law suit, have to do with this tragedy??

#$%$ amateur night. I knew it. Make a jet that any #$%$ can fly and every #$%$ will try."If you're well prepared and you really have done your homework, there's no reason to feel pressure." Steve Davis   Steve was will prepaired and we will miss him... Boomer!

Sorry for their loss, may they both be with God now, and the others heal soon. As for the cause, leave it up to the NTSB,not by popular vote (no idea what your talking about).

"He died doing what he loved."   He loved plummeting from the sky and crashing into houses?

He and his teammates gave Sooner fans lots of excitement and joy.  Thank you for your service Steve.

Get rich, buy a small jet and die.

When are the FED going to Ban these Killer Planes, if it save 1 life it would be woth it.

Lets not forget the poor people on the ground that don't get to afford to fly around in jets for the fun of it.

If the democraps would hurry and ban jets this would not happen! obama is a hunk of cow pie

OMG ban assault jets!

I grew up in TEXAS. Steve was a GREAT quarterback, but EARL CAMPBELL WAS EVEN BETTER, so, NATURALLY, I went to TEXAS!Wow...yahoo trolls abound and can not help themselves from showing their true colors. People are dead and nothing but off-color remarks from the "crowd" that always #$%$ cause they can't play with the "Big Boys".

The sexual suit is in here is to put shame on christains by the Obama Admin..... "never leave a chance to bring about disgrace on born again Jesus believers go unused"  Democratic evil machine.  DOJ Eric Holder used it many times....

HES DEAD NOW  !! THE RICK PRICK !!!

MORE RICH PEOPLE SHOULD DIE !!!!

Obama is at fault somehow.

Well... Im just trying to see the #$%$ pit to see if I see a couple dead guys