Thank god, a story thats not about the pope.

I find it funny that EDF puts the price of electricity up more in the UK than it does in France, pourquoi?

more foreigners edf are a french company who will use foreign labour to build the plant and edf customers will have to pay with price hikes to pay for the work done the british goverment will not tell you this but it is true

Everything of value has been sold off, Electronique De France has our nuclear capability,E.O.N. ,German has some as well ,but couldn't raise the finance. Wind turbines,German, Chinese, American and Danish made,all we do are the trenches ,sheds , control buildings, but most building material suppliers are French,and cement is Mexican now ! Thatcher started this sell off with the utilities because we couldn't manage them to keep costs down ! typical civil service / L.A. mentality.

There is no mention here that this company have insisted on guarantees to be allowed to increase the cost to british customers well over and above the cost of building the plant,this will mean they can use profits to subsidise their French customers.

"The French company (EDF), which has dominated Britain's nuclear sector . . .)Do we own much of our country?The decision is purely POLITICAL.

oh yes, what a surprise  after the EU forced us to close down the old nuclear power plants .....along come the french to build us some new ones (conspiracy anyone?)

Why on earth are we letting a French Company build our power stations...what's with this government ?

Why French built ,we have the knowledge here and the abilityit should be British built,will this government never learnit is as if they do it on purpose to see how much they can insult us.

I'll always be uncomfortable about nuclear power, and even more so if the French and Chinese are involved in something dangerous that's not on their soil; but what choice do we have, realistically? Our coal-mines are closed, and much of our gas comes from Russia, whom I would trust even less than the French or Chinese. What else are we going to do? Cover the entire country in feeble, unsightly wind turbines?So its quite clear that this country wants French finance in return for French ownership of our energy plants, the French will then dictate to us what we should have to pay, so what is the difference with us paying the French for their energy as we are at the moment, none except once again we won't own our own nuclear stations on our own land.

how much will the elctricity cost? no one seems prepared to say, any offers?

Edf a french company will use La farge a french company to supply all building materials, all cement will be supplied by a Mexican company, as they own them all. Steel from china, labour from eastern europe. So tell me again how this helps this country.

And where will all the spent fuel be dumped ?

Oh, goody!

just ditched edf in december for taking the mick with their increases,  im paying lower now so if people think its a good idea and would reduce their bills  think again

Clown Minister! It's the old 1960's European Pressurised Water Reactor that no one wants. A re-vamp of old hat technology, over priced and soon to be over here and we'll pay through the nose for it, by the time the French install all the added extras

They decided on this years ago. This whole gig is a sham.

Nuclear Reactors I fear the worst

If these nuclear power stations gave us reduced energy bills that would be great. They won't though we will pay more and all the profits will go abroad. The idiot who gave our energy resources away to privatisation should be shot.Well we do play better Rugby than the French!

We the consumer will pay higher bill to foreign company who will manipulate their books to keep their profit high with the blessing of cowards running the country

Yippee - this must be that electricity that's too cheap to meter that we were lead to expect years ago.

They can't look after the waste from the others, only on TV last month that N/Waste was unstable in Cumbria and needed sorting before it leaks into the water course or open air, wonder how much the government took in the back pocket for this to go ahead, makes ya think..

Somehow, something in my pessimistic and suspicious mind says that even if the Tax payer pays for these plants to be built, we will not benefit from cheaper electricity, because the Gov will sell off the right to sell to the public at extortionate rates and we will get royally scre(w)ed again courtesy of our Glorious Leaders, who many opine are lining their own pockets and looking after themselves.Additionaly, why are we even contemplating allowing the Japanese to build Nuke plants here?They must have bunged our Glorious Leaders a few hundred million yen for the right to contaminate our country.

Fourteen billion pounds of sterling going into french bank accounts, why for heavens sake? But of course it will not end there. They will only build the power stations if the UK government gaurantees a minimum unit price for the electricity generated which will ensure the profit levels they require thereby removing any commercial risk to EDF. Long live the hard pressed forever being screwed British consumer.

EDF IS 80% FRENCH SO IF YOU WANT TO SUBSIDISE THE FRENCH GOVERNMENT AND THEIR WORKFORCE AND PERHAPS NOW THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT TOO LET THEM BUILD OUR POWER STATIONS, After all the technical expertise we have left would make it difficult to mend a bike yet alone design,construct, and run a nuclear power station....But perhaps the 'New Society' Briton couldnt care less!!!!!.

If EDF want a nuclear power station then the French should come and live here!!! They don't think of all the waste that comes from the Nuclear power station. Bring back coal power stations that have steam released into the air not soot. Much better than Nuclear and as clean.

Completely bonkers it will cost 160 Billion pounds to treat the waste we have now better off giving every household free photovoltaic and solar water heating  panels and make all new builds be equipped with as many as you can fit on the south facing roof .This is also a Frenchcompany do we really want even more ties to the EU .This is not the answer fools to a man !!

This is a good decision really. EDF have years of experience in the nuclear power industry Nearly all our energy is generated from nuclear power stations. We have a safety record second to none. If you cannot generate your own power then no better partner than EDF. Our stations are far superior to the PWR type reactors the Americans use. Look at their safety record. Also you will free yourselves from total reliance on the Arabs for oil or the Poles for coal.Another timeb*mb if it gos wrong

What a horrific legacy we are leaving behind for hundreds upon hundreds of years.

The great problem with nuclear power is that there is no safe way of disposing of the waste.

How many billion pounds is it costing to decommission Sellafield?

related information-rothschild owns 80% of the world's uranium

The French still have industries because when their workers go on strike The French government listens . Our governments get the fascist bully boys in blue out and run you down with horses.

Why does UK need a French Company partly owned by its Govt to buildPower stations in our country ?With the recent exposure of the global warming myth burn the coal under our feet.Meantime others stop going neclear

And where do EDF get the money from ? If, as is likely, that it is a government subsidy, then the French government will be in control and taking the profits of this scheme. Will we ever learn ?

I support the EDF - they want to deport all Muslims, which sounds good to me.

lets hope it helps to prevent power cuts, in next 6 years. At least it will be much more efficient in providing continual energy at our demand than turbines. Even with cost of pollution in 30 years, it will still be cleaner than the cost of air disasters if we are filled with wind turbines all around our coast line, which will affect the air traffic controls for all our islands.About time  pull down those wind farms now

With the promise of continuous increases in energy bills shouldn't the Government be encouraging more people to be fitting Solar panels instead of cosying up to the Big Six that are fleecing us all at every oppurtunity.

They seem to be doing rather well out of us at the moment.  Another French company (Atos) Have the contract for  the "Social cleansing" of The  sick and disabled in the UK. I hear they are sub contracting parts of the contrick  back to the NHS. ie, The government pay them billions to get the Government  to do their job, or something like that. Check it out, and let your MP know, afterall   they are part of the governmental process ,  and are looking after our intrests, are they not?

Never mind giving them permission, I think we were begging them to build these reactors because no British company is willing or able !!

Just look what they are trying to do off the South Coast nr the Isle Of Wight !!!! Just look up "Navitus Bay Wind Park" , another awful blot on the beautiful coast line.And for what benefits, another foreign company getting huge subsidies. New reports are now saying these things will not last as long as they thought and not produce electricity for most of the time. Just so this Goverment can say they are sticking to there renewable energy requirements !!!!!!!

i would not trust this company,they still have not payed the £130.00 winter dicount they promised!!!

If EDF want to deport all Muslims can we ask these deportees to take a stick of Nuclear Material with them when the go: just to keep  them warm that is.

We should invest in the US infrastructure. Oops sorry to all to all you fox coolaid drinking right wing teabagging whack jobs that would be socialism