I bet ...all in all...their infrastructure is looking better than Detroit's.

I am still trying to figure out what was accomplished.  All I see was a waste of lives, supported by demo's and repub's.  The media was responsible for propagating this war like there was no tomorrow.

I'm proud to have passed under those crossed swords and the people I served with. I am proud to have protected lives of my soldiers and the Kurds in my area. I have seem the evil man will do in the name of God but haven't lost my faith. I wear my Purple Heart  with Pride and Honor. I don't give a damn what you liberals say.2-7Inf 3rd ID &amp; 3-509 PIR 25th ID.SSG Monk USA ret.

Guess WHOS building NEW homes in IRAQ?VP Joe Bidens brother James Biden who owns Hillstone Construction Co. in Florida was awarded a contract to build NEW Homes of all places....IRAQ. The contract is for a staggering $1.5 Billion! His company stands to make $750 Million on the deal! This happened during the election &amp; was NEVER on the news media! Tell me there wasn,t a N~I~G in the woodplie when this happened. Want more info?GOOGLE-james biden builds new iraq homes

It's always funny how the people that are first to cry, "Something must be done" are the same people who are first to cry, "Why did we go there?"

While they enjoy the treasures American soldiers preserved for them, and while they enjoy the benefits of American contractors rebuilding efforts, there are still many who hate America and each other.

SO this is where some of the tax payers of America money HAS WENT so tax payers heres where some of your money went.

mean while the four in Benghazi go forgotten. cowardly libs

nice pics, and now onto reality,nothing has changed in Iraq,there STILL 3 factions that want to rule,suicide bombers,car bombs is everyday life

Ten years ago, Time magazine did a cover story on Lahib Nouman, an Iraqi Christian woman who had been brutally tortured by the Saddam Hussein regime.  Since then, not a word about her!  Of course, she's only one of thousands who suffered under that regime or have suffered since, but she's a name and a face that were made known to us for a moment.  Where is she now?I don't believe I've ever seen so many trolls and hateful people in a single thread....

And yet we still can't make Chicago look this good.

Come on Iraq, I am still Holding onto 3.5 million Dinars just awaiting for the revalue of your currency. PS our government is still holding a Chit pot of your currency and this revalue could pay our country total debt in full

Hmm a shame we blew all that money overseas and did not spend any of it here to alleviate our daily problems.

Where orphans sniffed glue? lol

this photo was taken on an iPhone as reported by Yahoo.   they love iphones

War enriches a few at the expense of the many. Who paid for the rebuilding of all of this?

Who cares. Shouldnt we be more worried about what our own streets look like. We spent trillions of dollars, thousands of lives, and tens of thousands of our own are crippled for life. for What? They havent given us a dime. Its all our money. I just dont get it.

What a mess

If someone did a "then and now" slide of Iraq, nothing would be different.Hard to argue that Iraq, the Mid East and the world would be better off with Saddam still in control of Iraq - but some do. This was a catch 22, but still not as foolish as Veitnam...

Should go to Fallujah and take some pictures, oh its a depleted Uranium nightmare of mutated babies you say?

Interesting story, they have freedom? It happens that husband of some further acquaintances went to Iraq to see his family for two weeks, he was so happy before departure. When he returned, he said, he never left the house and was affraid all the time that he might get killed...

Thunder Run

Having fought in that war, I'm proud of having served my country. Would I say Iraq is better off, probably not. Still poverty stricken, terrible infrastructure, and vulnerable to a takeover. It's very hard to move the needle in a country like that.

We spent 3 trillion unfunded dollars in Iraq and our national debt is 16T. Was it worth it ? I would have killed Sadam Hussein for a whole lot less.

Did we make a democracy yet?

Glad we made the area safe for Iran.

Seems well worth the, what, 3 trillion so far. I can't think of any way to better spend money.

Where are all the war protestors now???  Obama has been in comand for 80% of the US deaths in Afghanistan, but strangely the war protesters disappear.  Hypocrites.it was just on the news this morning that 56 people were killed in car bombings. does that sound normal to anybody? it shows we wasted our troops, our time and our money in this war in iraq. we are doing the same in afganistan.

Gee. just think about how those billions of dollars wasted there could have rebuilt our infrastructure here at home without the need for raising taxes

The WH is using it's cable news channel,  'MSNBC'  to try and discredit Bush.

YOUR looking at tax payers MONEY that's been given away,fact.

Well, we only lost 4500 of our own people and $4T, but WTH we got a nice picture essay out of it.

Clinton, Kerry, Edwards, Reed, Feinstein, Biden, Dashle all voted for this war.  Your democrat idols all supported the war, before they were against it.  The dems had a majority in the senate at the time!!  Most liberals forget the facts, because they have a hard time accepting something that does not fit into their closed minded views.

Roxy is a hero!!! Thanks!!

Oh my god they actually acknowledged that we invaded. Someone call the real press.

One thing for sure. President Bush was a far better commander in chief than Obama.Obama is losing 2 wars and causing 2 or 3 other wars.Liberal naivete is very dangerous.

Idiots waiting in the wings in syria to take over a bigger fool to succeedthe previous.100% Waste Of Tax Dollars--------------------Halliburton and Black Water BenefitedNOW WHO CAN CONTROL IRAN LIKE SADDAM DID?

I don`t think, I`d invest alot of money in a luxury car there.

...vividly remember climbing into the statue of Sadaam's arm at the cross swords, the helmets of Iranian war dead encrusted at the base of the statue at all four corners, many of those helmets had bullet holes in them as if executed. in addition, I used to run/PT out there at the cross/swords parade field and specifically remember a barrage of Katusha 107mm rockets impacting round about me.scary stuff.......

Ya Sure, Iraq is now a model country since the US and its billions of dollars have transformed a lousy third world country into a refined nation. Give me a break- How much does the gov own in the Assoc, Press - all of it.

We we got rid of the weapons of mass destruction, captured oil fields, dropping the price of gas to a dollar, democratized Iraq, no Americans were lost, we were welcomed as liberators...whats that? Time to wake up? Darn - I was having the best dream.

Normal lol what a joke lol  .people are dieing every day in that city from bombs .Normal   good one.

Streets and infrastructure look better now than it did back then.

And just think........... the people of Iraq and Afghanistan benefit from health care paid for by the good ol' USofA. Something us Americans don't even have. Anything wrong with that picture?

Why don't we go to our streets and make them new again instead of improving other countries and getting dead bodies out of it

We need to remember Saddam Hussein's actions against his own people. If he'd stayed in power, the corruption and oppression would have continued. The world is a better place today.If this article is meant to make us feel better about the war within Iraq....it's not.   Here in the USA we have crumbling bridges, under funded schools, and not enough money to keep prisoners in jail....... and we should rejoice in how well Iraq is doing.    Bull donkey.

"Today, the Baghdad Zoo is a popular destination for families wearing their finest clothes and state of the art light-weight bullet proof vests in his/her matching colors!"

May God forgive us for what we've done. The moment Bush decided to go to war, I cried. Not because I never supported it, nor has he never read a history book about the middle east, nor because he felt God put him into office. or because my stepbrother, a marine, was being sent to a place where he didn't need to fight. It was because we were about to stir up a hornets nest that noone could comprehend. 10 years, 4500 American lives, 2 trillion dollars later, peace in Iraq and the middle east is as questionable as it has ever been. Maybe Saddam is gone, but it was not worth it. I don't wish foul on many people on the planet, but I would not lose sleep knowing Bush's soul will be going straight to hell because he wanted to settle a personal vendetta at the cost of 50 years of diplomacy, and an increase in world terrorism.

The one country with a deep human history got torn up in a war that should have never been.  Countless landmarks, historical areas were destroyed.  Read about this place long before Saddam and company took over.  It was an amazing place and cultural center in the world.

Why the hell sould anyone want to go to the shithole  ...  Nothing but murderers and goatfuckers   there   .    Hope all of OUR money made it better for you muslim deadbeat #$%$.

These rose colored glasses.That Im looking thru.so only the beauty.......and they all the truth.

If you think Bush went to war in Iraq to free the people from Saddam you're an all-day sucker.

At least SOMETHING good came out of it.

I am proud of you as a soldier, but the truth still remains that the majority of those people would cut  your head off in a second and that is of today.

Isn't time the United States starts worrying about thier own country?To quote what I once heard an elderly Iraqi woman say during the country's first democratic election in 2005:  "Anyone who doesn't appreciate what America has done and President Bush ... let them go to hell!!"

Funny after 9/11 everyone wanted to go to war. Once me and my friends starting bleeding and dying everyone wanted out. To pull out after my friends died means it was for nothing. We completed the mission and left, my friends were not wasted. Stop complaining and support the troops you all sent there.

Kuwait is the armpit of the region , then  Baghdad in the #$%$   .      not the right side   and not the left side    , but that really nasty smelly spot right in the middle ....  eeeeyeeeew   .

2 trillion dollars that we do not have.  How many American and Iraq lives lost.  So useless and wasteful.  These people still hate us.  What did we accomplish?????

now its back to the same civil war that was going on before americans got there and everybodys happy. its like two brothers fighting , stay out of it unless you want some too.

Iron fist ,ha. The United States has more people in prison than any country in the world. Even the countries with far larger populations, we still have them beat. Which countries really control there people  and which don't. Don't believe half of what you see and nothing that you hear. Open your eyes before its to late. We have 20 percent of the population and control and consume 80 percent of natural resources. While more than half the world struggles just to get clean drinking water and enough food not to starve. We have done a lot of unforgivable things to maintain our power over the planet. The rest of the world has caught on thanks to technology. They wont let it go on forever. People in this country have to much stuff

Its prophetic .. bagdad will be a heaping ruin .

Did i miss the parade were we were welcomed as liberators...???

iraq has not fallen to "arab spring" like you libs predicted.....the government installed by Bush still lives......the libs want you to think the Iraq war was just as bad as Vietnam, but those of us with a BRAIN know different.......

people did not die from bombs every day, only after USA went in.Antoun Saade dreamt of a unified fertile crescent as a solution for sectarian strife. Members of his party now say to listeners, we told you. West version of solution is diametrically opposite: split region along sectarian lines. Nobody wants ideologies. Sink in your religions and ethnicities.

We got Bushed.

Let's go to war!  Glass Parking Lot!  Muslims suck!Oh, we have to actually pay for it?With tax dollars?Stop the freeloaders!  Stick it to the poor!  Taxed Enough Already!

A useless war that only duplicated 2 things: 1) US troops deaths 2) Halliburton stocks..

Not as useless as the Vietnam war but still useless.

It was such a pretty city, now it looks a lot like Chicago or Detroit!

As you sit at your sidewalk cafe in Baghdad, drinking little umbrella drinks, George Bush's "Beacon of Shining Freedom" looks like a wonderful place. Until you hear the big boom, look, and see that your companion is missing his head.It's so wonderful that a recent survey in Iraq found that 8 of 10 would prefer Sadam back over what George Bush left them. Still, the GOP keeps telling us that this wasted war was a "good thing". It did reduce the world's population by a quarter million...maybe that is what they mean?

What gives the US the right to invade and remove any leader? All for the War economy. This is why China will become number one..they don't do this. NO more war for Capitalism.

I challenge anyone to give one result of the Iraq war which justifies the death of a single American soldier.  Go ahead.  You can't do it.

All of you people who think the Iraqi war was a waist, i would like to see any of you stand by and allow your Mother, Sister, Daughter, Aunt, etc or anyother woman be treated the way Saddam treated the women and all the people in that country.  At least Now they can go to school get jobs and live a life without fear of being stoned to death for a Rumor.!!!!!!!Bushama will point out EXXON profits and claim success. Iran, WMD is code for, "you have Cheney's oil under your sand and we are going to take it back."

how about rebuilding America

What I can't understand is why no one went to jail for the lives lost and a war for no reason. Bush changed the reason for the war three times. All good reasons but they weren't true. Am I the only one to see this. Not saying it should be Bush. He can only operate on what he is given. But who make this big of a mistake, or lied.

American lives were lost over this #$%$ and now they laugh in our faces quit posting this #$%$ who gives a #$%$ how they live i dont

Let's but money into other countries that will help us a lot. Keep voting democrat or republican dummies.

SceneS?? I only see one... duh

As a Nam vet, I was very much against the trumped up wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. I didn't hear any calls of protest or demands for sanity like we heard during the Vietnam War. All I heard was the screams of the dying and the anguish of the innocent. As our government blindly marched ahead looking for the mythical WMD, our media and congressional leaders turned a blind eye in fear of being mailed anthrax or the murder of Senator Paul Wellstone, who demanded an investigation. But I guess the biggest tragedy wasn't the wasteful spending of trillions of our dollars chasing a bunch of Arabs in vans or the realization that Americans didn't seem to care (too busy going to the mall), or even the casualty lists, which tore the hearts out of our families. But rather the fact that not one person was held accountable for their criminal actions.

Anyone ever wonder how the Asso-CIA-ted press always seems to get the Peter Parker shots?

I wonder how their murder rate compares to Democrat controlled Chicago Illinois where we have over 300 people murdered per year.

US Military did not need to waste half a city to kill Saddam and his croanies... they could have just spotted him and launched 10 Tomahawks all at once and drop 10 bunker busters as well...send in all the special forces afterwards and 2 dozen sniper teams execute any of his loyal troops and be done with it? Somebody wanted a huge conflict &gt;wonder who? yeah Big Banks and Big DOD business!Too bad we don't get any (not much at least) of their oil...

why didn't they dhow pictures of place we bombed the homeless, the dead children, there were a bunch of them

If the Republicans get control, this will happen all over again in Iran. Weapons of Mass Destruction the American people will not be fooled this time, Neocons

The Republicans LIED

Huge success for Bush. He knew how to take care of a dictator and was proud to serve under him. This POS that is now president is a disgrace and like most ex military men spit on the ground when we see him.

Bush lied and cost us trillions of dollars and countless lives, and now we have someone in charge who seriously hates america and what we stand for and will systematically destroy us from within, will the people in this country ever wake up or maybe the people of this country are the problem

For those of you arrogant rednecks piously oponing that we did Iraq a favor, read the post of Ayad T below, and think about the reality of what Bush/Cheney did , not the John Wayne image you have in your head

C'mon now! You can't blame Americans for calling this description of life "normal". After all, there are over 30, 000 homicides in America every year and Americans believe that they don't live in a war zone. So, what's so special about a few tens of casualties in Baghdad every week, huh?  This has got to be better than when Saddam was there. At least, now they can vote and that should cover for everything else, yeah?

Iraq is doing much better than most people dared to hope. GLTA

Other than world war two when America was hailed as the saviors of democracy,America has screwed up everywhere else.You did good in Bosnia, but all else is a massive failure.Iraq, Afghanistan. Thousands dead on both sides. Billions of American public money down the drain.The only people making money is your defense industry and it's share holders. George Bush if he was from another country would now be dragged to the International court of justice for crime against humanity.You Americans teach the world justice, but yourself do not practice it.Americans can screw up and walk away. Others go to the court.Shame on you America.I would rather have visited Iraq under Saddam than now.

We have destroyed one of worst monsters in human history....Saddam Hussein.

First Yahoo has a story on was the Iraq war worth it and now all these photos making it look like it is better!! Nice PR. I wonder what government official came down on the first story. I wonder what the soldiers who fought there and are a mess now think

That place was miserable.

Since American Invasion to my country nothing has been improved as they promised,,except the grave yards and the bank accounts of the war lords they have brought in,,every thing else is totally ruined,,

What a waste of military lives and taxpayer money. INVADING a country that did NOTHING to us has only been good for the rich and the defense contractors..that's it!

maybe less than half of the billion and billions of american tax payer money is there - the other half no one knows what happen - one thing is for sure - the defense contractor and someone who have influence over this war made a lot of money.

Where's the picture of Bush and Cheney depositing their checks?

All Bush wanted was Saddams head and he got it.

How do you say OIL? Any other questions?Aaaahhh, the wonders of the military-industrial complex.

Great, while we're rebuilding stuff there. Stuff is falling apart here. But hey, as long as Arabs get their own way. CUT OFF ALL FUNDING TO THE MIDDLE EAST.

A total sham from the beginning to build the wealth and power for texas oil/war industrial complex. Not a single person held accountable for the wmd lie that lead to hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilians to be murdered, thousands of service members killed, hundreds of thousands of injured and ptsd service members, a destroyed infrastructure in Iraq, and this country's economy left on the brink of collapse.When will the justice be delivered on the skum from texas......

Sadam was better leader before.

I have been to the location in Bagdad where this picture was taken (2004) so so many memories some good and some very bad. I am proud of my service there and was Honored  to serve my country. I made several Iraqi friends who were truly appreciative of our presence there, those friends and my fellow soliders were the ones I was fighting for. I can say that because of my experience there that I will never be the same again and will never take the peace and freedom that I have in this country for granted ever again

After 10 years, I challenge any westerner who can walk around alone anywhere in Baghdad for 10 minutes without being kidnapped or killed!

We killed hundreds of thousand innocent citizens.Mr bush your war was the one thing that sent this country down and made #$%$ cheney rich .WHAT A WASTE OF LIFE AND MONEY TO HANG A LEADER OF ANOTHER COUNTRY WITH ALL YOUR LIES.

Only to the lame steam media would Baghdad look like a normal city.

How many of the 376 checkpoints of Baghdad did they have to pass to get to the zoo?

Maybe if they would stop killing each other and quit tossing the blame on ANYone else.Attacking people WHO can NOT defend themselves CAN NOT BE CONSIDERED BRAVE. All these recent WARS have been JUST THAT.

March 19, 2003, one decade ago, is a date which will live in infamy.  The day that Cheney and Bush invaded another country which did nothing to us. They had to control all of that oil and give Cheney's old company Halliburton and it's subsidiaries many billions with non-bid support jobs.  Cheney and Bush should be war crimes prisoners.

This whole Iraq war was such a fraud, hard to know where to start. With Rumsfeld, with Air Force generals around a water cooler, witnessing the air bombing attacks upon the defenseless city of Baghdad,  all laughing and anticipaing Air Force medals of honor  for sacrifices above and beyond the call of duty. Then over to Georgetwon  Graduate School, where Tenet, Intelligence Chief, gets up to speak, and says that the reason we went into Iraq in such a hurry was to get the jump on Hussein, before he could convert his civilian industry over to the production of chemical weapons, we he, Tenet, the liar, knew that Hussein didn't have the industrial might to manufacture a pair of shoes or a 99-cent screw driver. And, of course, the whole rotten bought and sold media, with few exceptions, faithfully reported the next day that " Tenet says that.......". And how about Cheney, calling Hussein a mortal threat to the United States, when he, Cheney, could not produce a single photo of Hussein having one locomotive, one ralroad track or train station, one 18-wheeler, one operational aircraft or airfield, onefactory, one storage or loading area, one of anything else to support his lies about Hussein's menace. And these liars got medals wrapped around their necks instead of a rope.

This stupid war that was started on a big lie by a gang of war criminals that cost the American people over 2 trillion dollars that was borrowed by the American gov..  American and Iraqi people died for nothing and for what?,OIL and removing a man that was once an ally of the U.S. and then was killed because he turn his back against the American gov..The people that started this big lie are living quite well and the idea that these people will ever face the hanging rope that will never happen and that is really to bad for the people that feel they deserve to suffer for there crimes.

George W Bush need to go over there and help them celebrate their freedom because he is the reason that they live in peace now.

they all lied

I can think of 2 trillion better ways to spend 2 trillion dollars!

I stood under those crossed sabers there in Baghdad. oooH! The memories, Do I think it was worth all the American and coalition lives, "Hell no"! But we had to do what we had to do. We should of just bombed them for about a month and left it at that. "Rest in Peace" to all my brothers and sisters that lost thier lives over there, many Iraq's apprieciate what you did.

I wonder what people would be saying if Saddam was still in power killing his own people his sons torturing others and he was still ignoring all the sanctions that he failed to abide by. I would bet they would blame Bush for that, The simple fact of the matter is the people are free now and at a lot less cost than it took the US to free the slaves here in actual lives lost. The war had a lot of mistakes made and I am not saying it could not have gone better but wars always never go as expected. the fact remains that after 9/11 people in this country overwhelmingly supported the effort and for them now to say it was a mistake from the sidelines and with belated knowledge is phony at best.

they wouldnt want to show you Kurdistan, where it LOOKS LIKE THE BEGINNINGS OF DISNEYLAND...oil is just below the surface, they bring it out for $2/Barrel,and sell it to the U.S. for $32/barrel, and of course we resell it on the market, its the finest crude in the world-check out the price of Brent, where the people of Iraq will be better off than those in Kuwait, and Nationals will be brought in to work,  they have just found one of the largest veins of GOLD in the world, while fixing a leak in Baghdads streets, they have one of the largest finds of Diamonds, one of the largest Nat Gas basins,Bush said this war wouldnt cost the USA's people anything except lives of course, those barrels of oil will repay all of our debts, over the next 30 years, they had the highest currency value, even higher than Kuwaits-who is the highest,sure there is corruption, who's Gov isnt???!!!and the deaths in the whole country in a month, are less than South Central Los Angeles's in a week, although you wont hear about SC,yet, why would you EVEN THINK our Gov telsl the truth, you think you are getting that truth, lmao....wake up U.S. citizens....ok, keep snoozing, you be losing....this was a useless war i swear they don't want use over there so why do we keep going back??????

Don't think Iraq will never be the same...they lost alot of people, kids...but glad Saddam is not there

There were 50 people killed in Iraq yesterday.  Thanks for bombing this country back to the 13th century there cowhick "W".

I actually got to climb inside one of the swords and have my picture taken while there which was cool, at the base of the swords there was hundreds of old kevlar helmets from there former war. A lot of our companies there would inscribe the name of the Soldiers on them that we lost while being there and the date.

I want to see what the clamshell looks like now

We went there because Bush wanted to outdo his Daddy. A total waste of time, money and American blood.

Another USA war crime that goes unpunished. Bush-Cheney ( and US presidents 1950 to present ) are the Hitler-Tojo Alliance of the 1940s.

with all the bombings , why has no one blown up those swords?

IDIOT BUSH and REPUBLICAN Taliban Congress is 100% to Blame..........They DESTROYED Peace and Prosperity

Torture of POW's, including high-ranking general, to death. First time since Hitler.where are the photos of the weapons of mass destruction?

Always Remember BUSH'S IRAQ WAR is why the US has a runaway deficit. And these conserva-dolts try to blame it on Pres. Obama Sorry it not going to work you LOSERS

You know the media and the liberals are gonna bad mouth what we did there but remember this. I took time away from my family to go there and install democracy. That country is better off now because of it, and the brothers i lost doing it didnt die in vein. Never judge what happened over there until you get to live it first hand. You liberals can watch the movie though and see what you think. Thunder run will be released to theatres Dec 31, 2013. Spc Sam Hamlin 4-64 Armor 2nd Brigade 3rd Infantry Division

I'm still waiting for that /\/\cDonald's in Iraq to be built.......The one with a McKabab and a side falafel. A nice sunday with camel and nuts on it. Oh and a McIED (Iraqi chalots,Eggplant,Detonator).

The country is better than it was and the world is better off with Saddam in the ground.  He killed a over a million of his own and it would have been another country with an atomic weapon to deal with.  Thank you to our military men and women, you did what you were asked and did it bravely.

I'm from Iraq, I wanted to say that I neither hated Saddam nor liked him, but after the US invasion (liberation) I would say I'll worship him if he's back to power. The US eliminated ONE DICTATOR and replaced him with 1000 DICTATORS, so, what's the difference?And, Iraq suffered for almost 13 years from sanctions because Iraq invaded Kuwait, and of course the story of the weapons of mass destruction, the US invaded Iraq and destroyed most of it's infrastructures, so, my question to the US nation is: why there is no sanctions against the US?And, the improvement of life in Iraq now, today in Baghdad city 18 explosions with that number of checkpoints, then, let me say sarcastically "How great is the development in my beloved country Iraq"!!!Baghdad-Iraq

2,000,000 cluster bombs. Depleted uranium from which not only Iraqi children but also those of the US servicemen are born with horrific birth defects. Subject dropped by the US media 7 years ago.

Still looks like a bag of smashed butt holes. Glad to see tax payers money still being #$%$ away.

Who cares? If you don't succeed others will at your expense.

Mother of terrorists Bush and his friends invaded Iraq illegally and brutally, he lied to the world about weapons of mass destructions that truly non existant... peaceful Iraq was destroyed and  millions suffered and killed by Bush and his friends' invading soldiers... and now Iraq is still not as peaceful as before..Something you never hear "I'm going on a vacation to Baghdad!"

American platoon should have protect iraqis not the zoo.

There are stagnant memories about Baghdad in Iraq, our country and our government of the day will never ever forget the lives lost and permanent damage done needlessly. As far as the American people forgetting it, only the guilty will remember. They may try to shine a different light on it but they are the guilty ones. History shall prevail. The future will cleanse Iraq and it's people. Iraq and  particularly Baghdad are one  of the oldest countries in the world.  We went wild when the terrorists destroyed the twin towers and killed over three thousand innocent lives and yes we were  entitled to our revenge.  Iraq never done anything to us. Please someone explain why we done such terrible thing     .

Iraq, is just like the old USSR, a  diverse  group of people, with religion, and cultural differences , that were kept under control by an authoritarian ruler or group of rulers and their army or police. How many examples of wars and ethnics cleansings have occur in the old Soviet bloc , since the fall of the USSR. Iraq is just a smaller example, and we can expect the same things to continue there, until one of the groups emerges as the dominant one. They have fought and killed each other for thousands of years and the only thing that unites them is a common enemy. Time to cut bait.

All war is always a waste, at least the people over there are free to be Islamic radical terrorist of their own free will. Wait, nothing will ever change over there till there is a fundamental shift in Islamic psychology and they choose to join the world instead of butting up against everything... More

PLEASE RESPOND TO THIS:  Do you believe the U.S. is seen by the populations of  other countries as the country that serves the world and saves the world through their invasion of  countries with "bad" leaders?  I "hear" through various media outlets that the USA is held in high regard by other countries...that the USA is working hard to eliminate all that is bad on this earth....and then I hear from soldiers returning from this war that everything is not as  I may hear or see.  What think you Yahoo commentators?

About 200,000 dead, 2,200 Billion Dollars and Iraq in ruin...Good Job GeeDub and Snarlin' #$%$ Chaney...way to go!

And we thought that the McDonalds arches were original.

WOW! Pat is wrong on so many things. People where either not there or spoon fed this propaganda #$%$. While yes we stayed way to long and should have left right after we defeated the enemy , but noooo we had to country build. Saddam pushed for this war by hiding his military #$%$ets from U.N. inspectors then kicking them out against U.N. sanctions. He fired on coalition aircraft in the no fly zone almost every day to show his defiance. NO people I was there and Saddam did all he could to inflame the situation till the world had enough of his #$%$. Should have licked his #$%$ and left, 95% of the lives and money where spent trying to civilize and rebuild that dirt-hole. we'll learn not to nation build one day . Win and leave.

anyone that played a part in this mess is nothing short of a war criminal.Its the truth, and you know it.NO ONE promissed the USA to get money for what we lost in Iraq. BUT some #$%$ without his heart re-paid halliburton triple what the US lost in the form of OIL, PETROL, GASOLINE, you know what I mean Chaney. I like to fool myself and say that no USA President could be so tricky, and I blame  the war on his vice who ran Halliburton. We did not owe the Iraqis, they did not pay us back, then why on the hell did we loose our next door nieghbor's kids over there? When will the truthcomes out? 30 years from now, after all concerned die, of course Chaey stays alive because he has the VA preparing hearts for him.  I am sick to know that I cannot trust anyone about the war in Iraq.

IRAQ is still a "hell hole", thanks to Bush...................

I  hope  those troops are heading to the  plane to come home. Time to  take care of the homeland. Not  a bad  idea.

my 8th grade teacher Mr.Feathers served 20 years in the army and took pictures of him and his group of soldiers right under the 2 swords

I have two albums full of memories I don't care to look at of my time spent in Iraq. I swear everybody had a camera over there. I wonder what kind of pictures we would have of wars past if they would have had disposable and digital cameras like we do.

IMHO...I believe that the only way countries in these sort of situations will ever change will be when their own citizens/countrymen rise up and demand the change they want. Thats how we did it in this country, granted we may have had help but our citizens/colonists had decided they had had enough. Usually the normal people greatly out number their oppressors and when they realize this and decide they have had enough then things will really change. Big Brother USA can't come in and win this fight for them, not really anyway, because as soon as we leave they run the risk of another fanatical leader stepping into the hole thats left.

Fighting a war for peace is like humping for virginity.

MURICA LAWST

For those that served in Operation Iraqi Freedom.. Remember the rumor "J.Lo died" I was in the Navy at the time.  Someone got an e-mail saying that Jennifer Lopez died.

And this is what the u.s. Got from the billions stolen and spent.Where are the millions of barrels of oil. Where is the $1.89.9 gallon of gas ?Where's the picture of the five dancing Israelis?

gulzar

No this AP story isn't slanted at all. Mmm Mmm this Kool Aid is sooo Good.

US have to invade Iraq to secure its strategic interests plus protect  Israel with oil  states in the region .

Obummer will allow an American city to be nuked.. before he disarms Iran.. stand by folks.. the worst has yet to be...

war is hell..but sometimes..sacrifices have to be made.. thank God we had Bush to make the right decision.. to remove this brutal dictator..

Hey! I've taken that same picture. SFC Kunnington aka "Kermit The Frog" was standing in the middle of it when I took it. 10 years ago, well that was in June of 03 though.

What a colossal waste of life, time, energy &amp; money.  The Bush's should be in JAIL!!!!

Gary, well put chopper. Thumb's up

A place America should have never gone, a Vietnam all over.Let’s send George and #$%$ you know the two draft dodging cowards along with Rush Limburger, Sean Hanity, Glen Beck, Pat Robinson, Karl Marx Rove, The Kotch Brothers, Mittens Romney, Paul (the atheist) Ryan, and all the other war lovers who  helped perpetrate the WMD lie over there to march in the streets  with their Iraq brothers to celebrate the 10 year anniversary.

When will Cheney, Rumsfeld and Blair go to Baghdad so the Iraqi peaple can thank them properly for all they did for them.

Revisionist history anyone?

Where's the picture of Condoleeza Rice saying, "mushroom cloud"?

God bless America and our brave men and women who put their lives on the line to make the World a better place......

America has a serious ego problem. I'm all for helping others, but where do we get off thinking this is our problem? Do we not have children starving in our own country? Don't we have gang violence and crazy people bombing and shooting up our schools because they didn't get the help they needed? How many people go without healthcare in our country and don't get the little things checked out that turn into cancer or something serious? Do we not also have corrupt government whose sole agenda is to benefit themselves and their friends? Where do we get off butting our noses where it doesn't belong and then refuse to help our own? America has big balls, we get it! Time to quit riding the "We're the best" high and get this country back to our roots. This country wasn't founded on the bull(s)hit way it's run today.

yah i spent 2 years and 3 months their 2003 to 2004 and than 2005 to 2006 i had my time their i was in the 1st armored division out of baumholder 1-6 infantry and than 3rd id out of fort hood 1-12 infantry. green zone and camp falcon, if is clean today that is good because it was not than. not every person their is bad their are some good ones.

An invading force does not rebuild they take over and do as they please not protect.

all in all excluding the cost and sacrifice of our men and women in uniform and their families , looks like the war was worth it.....cue the anti-bush crowd

If you were not there your got no opinion that counts!George bush and his friends are going t burn in hell.

All this thanks to the 3 stooges -  Bush, Cheney, Rumsfield

Where's the picture of GWB signing the Patriot Act?

When is George WAR CRIMES Bush and the rest of the Bush Crime Syndicate going to be put on trial and hopefully EXECUTED for their dastardly acts??. Beginning wars of aggression for resources on par not seen since the 3rd Reich is bad enough. These goons also made TORTURE OFFICIAL POLICY that destroyed the prestige and good will on the US that was over 200 years in the making. The only way to restrore the credibility of our nation is to give BUSH, CHENEY&amp; Kinda Sleazy Rice thier day in court to demonstrait to the world and for history that the CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY perpetuated by the Bush Crime Syndicate will not be tolerated

hate leads to war and love to peace

Glad we could sacrifice our prosperity and 4,000 lives for some country half-way around the world.

Where's the picture of Colin Powell holding the vial of anthrax?

Thanks W for ruining Iraq and the US of America. Please encourage your brother Jeb and P to run. Good luck.

we go around the world destroying peoples lives and no consequences.  SAD that most of our people in the US can not see the other side of most issues, what if another country did the same to us how would we feel?

The Crown Jewell of the Bush Catastrophe. It seems like a great many comments here have the subtext: "We're so virtuous even our lies are virtuous!" Yup, right. Does anyone here mention the 50,000 maimed American solders?The USA thoroughly destroyed a country that was absolutely no threat to anyone. Neocons have lied about EVERYTHING regarding this fiasco and for what the enrichment of Halliburton and Erik Prince? American justice is a complete abberation and the PNACers and the neocon cabal has gotten a free pass when they should've been executed for crimes against humanity.German and Japanese war criminals  got executed but the rules are different for American war criminals. Our country will never recover

All thanks to the dumb Texan and Darth Cheney. Way to go fellas! Good idea.  This is what you get with republican leadership.

There was no reason to go there. PERIOD