We'll tax your money when you make it, when you deposit it, when you withdraw it and when you spend it.  And we will still make a mess of things while getting rich and then we'll demand more.

The markets are nothing but a fraud!  If you really think that Cyprus has any economical impact on the global economy then you are not very bright.  Only when money is eliminated can we as a human race strive towards greatness!

Never thought I'd see the day when an American president would deliberately inflict maximum pain upon US Citizens with his sequester, targeting soldiers in combat, scaring the daylights out of the elderly, and thereatening food safety, travel, safety and security,needlessly just to make the GOP look bad. Theft and confiscation of our savings is thus not so much a bigger step for this divider who has been playing with us since day one. Do you who still support him not realize you're being lied to and misled every day?  `

Grabbing the cash out of someone's life savings is NOT a "tax."  That is called theft where I come from.

Thieves

Russians withdrew $2 billion before Cyprian banks closed ;-)

Public unions = an economically sick private sector; every time.

Now you know why the markets were doing so well and they were encouraging everyone to invest. Just another set up to steal from the masses.

Its just amazing how stock markets react to everything, but mostly when the common people DO NOT want to pay with their savings for the mistakes of banks and governments!People should protest way more often about that. Because the taxes Banks receive to help them comes also from the common people...and the profits the banks make afterwards will under no circumstances be shared with them!

Run on the banks in other countries, coming next.The Russian mob ain't happy with this news!!

The Russians funneled money through Cyprus , now Cyprus is financially collapsing. Ha!! The Russians did the same thing to Iceland!! Hence, Cyprus needs to get out of the EU like Iceland did, jail their bankers and restructure themselves independently!!