Get ready for more rate hikes.

Since the plant is down isn't it time to replace the tubes with ones that can withstand usage. It makes no sense to allow a company to charge ratepayers for their own faulty construction.

Cninese steam generator tubes?

I say run it at 110% and see what happens. The Japanese have been getting all the press coverage. Isn't it about time we got a little?

Nothing runs at 100% all the time and it is idiotic to do so. Even the sun has cool down cycles.

California should just get cut off from all out of state power plants and then we will see what happens to the self righteous lefties.

With the current corrupted bureaucratic in Calif. anything will break with running full speed.

No way should this plant be started up to run 100 per cent if a dangerous condition is eminent! Dont let greed take over for safety. If it isnt ready then leave it dormant or tear it down!

Tear it down! That's all we need is our own Fukushima here in the states. Anyone who thinks nuclear power is a good idea has no idea of the value of the earth and should take a trip to Japan and get a first hand look at exactly what you are risking by using this insane power source. The costs to clean up the radiation in Japan are staggering,if it can even do done at all,and will take many decades. The damage done by far outstrips whatever gain the plants had produced before they melted down.Peace

Shouldn't have let the hippies build it with recycled paper and fill it with sparkling water.Completely misleading reporting here. Unit 2 operated for 2 years at 100% power and showed very little steam generator tube wear. Unit 3 was the unit that had the tube leak. The report states that IF the wear rates in Unit 3 were applied to Unit 2, Unit 2 could operate for 11 months at 100% power before having a tube leak. This report justifies Edison's plan to operate Unit 2 at 70% for 5 months...even if the wear rates of Unit 3 happen in Unit 2 (which already did not happen in 2 years of operation), then the tubes still would not leak in those 5 months.Yet all you hear ... "the plant will break down in 11 months". Completely false and misleading.

I say crank that sucker up and make sure that honey boo boo b(I)tch is playing right next to it.

Opponents of the restart warned that the report highlighted looming trouble-----------------------------This was just after they said the sky was falling............

Planned obsolescence + Greed taking over. "Somebody" is planning for failure which leads to massive lawsuits and a shiny new fortune.

Send in the G.O.P. senate there full of "hot Air"

Finally! Some GOOD news hits Yahoo!