I just recived my dividend Mom Dec 17 just in time for Christmas.Nice christmas present, I will get another one in March. Sure is nice. Lets go shopping

With this and the past 2 Administrations, actually 3 This Country has seen meaningfulFederal Regulations Disregarded or Done away with so now there is no consequenceto anything Banks and Big Corporations DO. There are no Consequences for BadManagement, Bad Ethics, Bad decisions made at the TOP. Look at GE, GM., Bank ofAmerica, JP Morgan, Wells Fargo, and etc. The day of the Federal Audits are gone,and any oversight by Government is nonexistent because we have such an Anti-AmericanGovernment that has not even tried to come up with a Budget in the last 3 years. Whyshould they as long as both Parties can still kick the Can down the Road to the Cliff. Doyou see any of the Wall Street Crowd saying anything to Government? NO !THIS COUNTRY CAN NOT CONTINUE THIS IRRESPONSIBLE INACTION, and BigBusiness, Wall Street have to Clean their own Houses because no one in WashingtonGives a DAM !!!

Why people don't invest more into these stocks I don't know because it is a invest and forge and forget kind of thing. I know that Duke has NEVER missed a single dividend payment in their hundred or so years of being around-who can argue against that?

Con Edison ( ED ) shares have taken a bit of hit lately, but steady Eddy as they call it will be back, and the dividend will continue to rise. It's a safe place to be if you're not happywith the low CD rates you're getting from your bank. Just my opinion.

I hope that Beranke gets in assisted living soon.   It is evident that he hates all saving young couples and senior citizens as he has accomplished zero for the economy by the low interests.

Have any of you noticed that 3 top insiders (company officers) sold major holdings in SO in thatlast several weeks !!!. Is that a good sign ??

Once you have used electricity, it is tough not to use it again.

utilities get no respect.....put your bucks into tech

D's CEO bought huge amount of Dominion stock and in  talks to export nat gasfrom Cove point, MD.  This is not just a utiity but a pipeline and wholesaler of energy.They are talking to STO, BP and Shell.

Good earnings, energy cost on rise,natural gas getting respect. DUK is a stock to own.If you like DUK you will love ED

Waiting for the Duk merger.Nice to own shares in the largest utility companyin the country.Everyone needs power

I own all 5 through ETF VPU. I puchased at 68.10 still up and dividends still coming in.

Waiting for the Duk merger.Nice to own shares in the largest utility companyin the country.Everyone needs power