This is how you enforce illegal immigration. take note

Maybe USA should hire the Saudi guards to stop the illegal aliens here.  Nevermind Obama wants amnesty.

Lets hire these guards and put them on our border with Mexico!

4360. That's about how many MEXICANS, The Obama administration released this week.over budget concerns. Soooo much for Security over money !

Nice to read border laws enforced.........SOMEWHERE.....................!

Suadiis will help their muslim brothers, I am sure

"Off with their heads "

Wow, 49 drug smugglers in Saudi.I wish I had a sword sharpening franchise there.

Why should Saudi Arabia be concerned about militants when it created them in the first place?

Drugs being smuggled their is a sure way toloose your head, maybe they want to place the people we catch with drugs on trial their. We will pay the flights and the trial expenses one way to reduce our debt, I think we have have to buy the swordssend them over here to deal with our borders , they seem to do a better job than our over paid border patrol .

What a concept!  Guess Abdullah doesn't need to increase his voter base like the Demoncrats do.

The saudi arms purchases from America toped 80 Billion dollars.  They buy cheap guns else where and hightech weapons from America.  The kingdom of Saudi spends more than America on weapons.  It going to be a very big war.

I am sure the infiltrators will bring a good price in the Saudi slave market

The Saudi's are well armed and powerful.  If they weren't such dress wearing little #$%$'s they could stop the violence in Libya and Syria, but they are big babies and they love to see ethnic genocide,  So long as the world buys oil, they could give a good #$%$ about their neighbors.  We should cut them off too!

maybe they were just going to Mecca

I hope they televise the beheadings

Saudi Arabia needs a revolution

Lived in Saudi for almost 9 years, they don'y play silly-assed games with drugs and illegals! Was a safe place to live!

Next winter: Saudi Arabia, I hope.So, now, Saudi Arabian have oportunity to perform big spectacle. The Portuguese, Spaniards and Mexicans like too much "toradas" killing bulls (toros) by swords inside "arena" (sands) stadiums. The Saudi Arabians like too much "toradas" behading people by swords inside "arena" (sands) desert, instead killing bulls.

Saudi Arabia enforces their borders. Why can't we? We do have immigrant laws also. The first is "No VISA, no entry" the second is if you break the first expect to be deported. Extremely simple and easy to understand. And only effective to immigrants that believe in the rule of law. Criminals could care less.

the Saudis are on the cutting edge of low tech border control.

World citizen sheep all over the planet strive to immigrate to places they think offer a better standard of living !!

and the hash get re-routed to EU and sold to american tourists who smoke it while touring around the country. medical hash??? well maybe not

Wait they arrested them?  Does that mean they fed them and house them for awhile?

yes they caught 4000 but there are 40.000 leakage

The Royal Family of Saudi Arabia has been fighting the militants for decades longer than we have.The militants want you to hate the Saudis.They point to the Saudis from 911.Then they ignore the fact that all the Saudis were outcasts FROM Saudi Arabia, kicked out along with Osama bin Ladin.That's why we haven't cut ties with Saudi Arabia.When someone suggests doing so, look closely at their motives.

way too go Saudi Arabia with border control!   maybe they can teach us how its done.

People who lack access to jobs and a living wage do what they have to do to make a living !!Every year the problem of this family owned country is , how to spend their vast income, from oil and Muslim pilgrimage. So they have to give up half as bribe to stay in power and get protection.

Our govt. should take some lessens

Almost every 9/11 terrorist was from Saudi Arabia. They along with the other Sunni wahabbi Arab terrorist sponsors Qatar, UAE, Bahrain etc should all be bombed, and than deport the muslims &amp; third world immigrants that were planted in Europe &amp; the US to those nations to multiculturalize and destroy their racist sunni wahabbi arab terrorist cultures, societies, and nations. China, &amp; Africa should also be next after them

The majority of 9/11 highjackers were from saudi. OUR COUNTRY WAS TURNED INTO A TSA / dept of homeland security police state because of them. WHO CARE ABOUT ANY PIDDLING PROBLEM THEY HAVE?!

Those are alqaeda preparing to turn against their own sponsors and bosses.

Almost every 9/11 terrorist was from Saudi Arabia. They along with the other Sunni wahabbi Arab terrorist sponsors Qatar, UAE, Bahrain etc should all be bombed, and than deport the muslims &amp; third world immigrants that were planted in Europe &amp; the US to those nations to multiculturalize and destroy their racist sunni wahabbi arab terrorist cultures, societies, and nations. China, &amp; Africa should also be next after themMark Diamond, 1 hr agoThe alawit hizbollah terrorist supporter dikky is back after having a sever heart attack knowing the Syrian rebles will get the likes of him in Syria !! Lolololo  wait for the big one ya akho el sharmootah zaberi

Saudi Arabia needs a revolutionRiver January, 2 hrs agoWhy don't you cowered go there and help out instead posting like a man behind your computer trying to be a real man !! How old are you by have way ? F Copt akho sharmootah zabri