A basic truth is that we may only loan what we have. If we have a dollar, we may loan a dollar. Yet, under the fraud of fractional reserve banking, banks loan ten times the money they actually have.Fractional reserve banking is a Ponzi scheme whereby banks create money out of thin air through fraudulent book keeping, loaning non-existent money out at interest. It is no different than counterfeiting. In collusion, fractional reserve banks counterfeit up to 10 times the amount of money that they actually have deposited, and charge interest on it all. Since money represents labor, fractional reserve bankers are effectively robbing the value of everyone's labor through this fraudulent scam.FACT: Money is tangible which means that it can only be in one place at a time.FACT: The money in the bank does not belong to the bank - it belongs to the depositors who put it there.1. If the bank were to give your money to me in the form of a loan then you would be unable to pay a bill or get cash back. The reason is because your money would no longer be there! It is tangible and can only be in one place at a time.2. Cash is tangible but credit is conceptual and not tangible which means that they cannot possibly be on the same set of books because they could not reconcile.3. Cash is borrowed into existence (by government on our behalf) while credit is created out of nothing (by banks) and then loaned at inflated interest.4. The law does not permit banks to loan the money which belongs to the depositors because that would be a ponzi scheme, which is illegal. If you do not think so then ask Bernie Madoff. Again, if the bank were to loan your money to me then you would be unable to pay a bill or get cash back because your tangible money would no longer be there.5. Credit does not exist in tangible reality. This is why banks cannot store credit in their vaults - it does not exist. Credit represents the full purchase price of whatever you are taking out the loan for (house, car, etc.). But this money does not exist before it has been paid to the bank - it only exists after it has been paid to the bank. In all likelihood you have not even earned that money yet. So credit is representing something which does not yet exist. The banks are playing bait and switch with your perceptions. When the banks pay you, they pay conceptually. When you pay the banks, you pay tangibly with income that you had to work for while the banks are creating credit out of nothing and then loaning at inflated interest.

A person only borrows money while they are here, its never truly yours.......

Credit cards are a necessity and useful if managed properly.

Our President is doing big business with Chinese loan sharks. Hey Odumbo China is in the payday loan business. WOW!!.

I guess so all they're doing is ripping people off.  Now the illegal loans gangsters use to give out are called payday loans and big banks finance them.  I think they were called loan sharks and went to jail for it.

I hope they fall some more..they are nothing but %grabbing. greedy,people and need to knock it off or fall off the face of this earth

they all suck if you miss a payment

Master Card's stock price is shockingly high.

I would like to publicly thank Discovercard for not asking for the September payment on my account because of the Hurricane Issac in my state of La. It was great of them to do this. This will enable us to replace some of the food and supplies that we lost. Thanks again.

yeah, pay the money back....!!!!!!!!!!!! you were blowing like there was no tomorrow....Tried to do a settlement with Discover when I lost my job three years ago and they took me to court for the full balance in which I am still paying on unemployment. My other credit card companies where kind enough to understand and took a settlement offer from me.  Discover is merciless and they suck!