This man is showing the same love Jesus had for his disciples, how he used to be in their company and eat with them. Jesus washed their feet and told them whoever wanted to be great in heaven had to be humble and serve others first.

13 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches

pope francis is the right man at the right time,i really think he can help this troubled world,god bless francis as he does gods work.

Definitely the cross where Jesus Christ died for all mankind - every race, every man and woman - not too late to come and follow HIM (Jesus)

I truly like his words. He's absolutely correct; it is the cross of Christ that needs to be lifted up for the world to see. After all, it was the blood sacrifice of Jesus that washes away all our sins. He died in OUR place because we deserve death. Yet, Jesus loved us SO much that He gave Himself up and actually became sin for us. Praise be to Jesus!!!!

They should add - Stop sanctioning the abuse of children by the Church. That is a big one.

I remember when Vatican Spokesman Lombardi clearly and firmly denied the slanderous media rumor that Joseph Ratzinger was enlisted in the German military by his seminary. When Lombardi demanded to know the source of the rumor a member of the media held up a copy of Ratzingers latest book.

15 I know what you are doing. You are not cold or hot. I wish you were one or the other.

On Friday, he hugged cardinals, slapped them on the back, broke into animated laughter and blessed religious objects one cardinal pulled out of a plastic shopping bag.

Jesus said follow me, you do not have to follow any man, however, we do need men who teach the True Gospel men to will tell you to follow Jesus.Matthew 16:24King James Version (KJV)24 Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.It's the same with every Pope. I don't see how this one stands out, other than his different origin.

I am not Catholic, but this man has touched my soul with his humility.   I wish him the best .

This Pope, so far gets it.To rehabilitate the church- get back to the basics.  Ministering to the poor and help those who need it.  Teach people how to fish so they can feed themselves (metaphor) instead of telling them they can rely of handouts (ya hear me Obama?).Show humility and remember that they are the servants of the church and people.  They may lead the parishoners, but they must serve them too.

Were the Crusades and the Inquisition staying true to the cross

At least the message is good, but I hope he can clean up the Curia and Vatican Bank.

God's a lot smarter than his self-appointed employees, especially since He didn't do the hiring interviews Himself.

Sounds like someone trying to follow Christ's example, and humble like John XXIII.

Revalations reveal alot about the church and what they say up to. So far they are right on schedule again. Just shared a few below, hope you don't mind me jumping ahead to tomorrows revalations. Maybe they will throw some out, clean house like it says.

Sounds like the sos.  The Roman church needs to get rid of the child molesters, instead of protecting them.

Would like to hear him expound on this more; "When we walk without the cross, when we build without the cross and when we proclaim Christ without the cross, we are not disciples of the Lord. We are worldly,"Also the message of "never to give in to discouragement, bitterness or pessimism but to keep focused on their mission" was very timely. I read it a bit late though....Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace....(Prayer - St. Francis of Asissi)I like the new pope. He speaks with wisdom.

He wants us to focus on poverty, give and thou shall receive. Lets focus on world peace so we can feed people instead of killing them off. Use the money to grow more food finding better energy sources than gas and nukes. Back to the simple life where fear mongers never get their way.

He is such a normal man he almost felt down when stepping out of that throne. lets see how long the throne last.

"Let us never give in to the pessimism, to that bitterness, that the devil places before us every day. Let us not give into pessimism and discouragement," he told the cardinals who chose him. All well and good, but in another story, one of the Cardinals (from South Africa) that chose him told a BBC reporter that he thought having sex with children was OK. That pedophelia was "just another disease" that needed to be treated. THAT IS DISGUSTING.

Search and you shall find.

Pretty hard to change an entrenched system.

MAybe the Pope can mandate a one hour ethics class, like Bush did to the White House staffers to stop corporte fraud and terrorism by our government.  That worked out so well.

A good guage of the new pope's popularity -- just look at how much the anti-Catholic bigots hate him.

I Praise God for this Pope!  I love every message he has given thus far!  It is profound!  May God Bless Him!

The troubled church needs learn you can never compromise. Sin under any circumstance is always wrong.The Crusades are centuries old. I'd prefer more recent history. Like 9/11/01. No group of 30 knights ever killed 5,000 muslims in a single morning.

I kinda wish I was Pope.

The Easter Bunny.

So the British Prime Minister has stated pulbiicly in the Press that Pope Francis is "Wrong" for labeling the War against Argentina for possession of the Malivna Islands as an "Usurp". Will the British Delegation now stand up at the Pope Francis Coronation yelling "you lie"  like Rep. Joe Wilson did at President Obama's 1st State of the Union Address? Put plenty of Swiss Guards around the Brits, who knows what these Bandits have come to do.

Poverty sux.

16 So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.

and leave the little boys alone.

I am happy for a new Pope with a strong conviction of the proper balance between being in the world and of the world. He has mentioned the devil by name two days in a row. He knows who the enemy is and is focusing our sights on our common enemy. Too few people here believe the devil exists, just the way he likes it! OPEN YOUR EYES. Open your hearts to this wonderful man and to God! God Bless the new Pope Francis!

It's bash Catholic Church day again.  Same as yesterday, and the day before, and . . .

usually love tickles us pink on occasion and hate and bitterness are passing but can become all encompassing and whether you understand love at least  imagine that God will appear if you askVery Cool.

Positive thinking, great message from our Pope,we all need to walk the talk.

Pope Francis is going to put Prince Harry in the air crushing wrestling move called the Sissors once the Pope Excommunicates the Royal participant in the Malvinas/Falkland War. He will squeeze Harry until Harry poops and then squeeze harder until Harry poops again. I like this Pope because he's a Pope of the people not a Pope of Kings and Queens.

Thanks for Pope Francis to be educated as an engineer.He believes in science too!Out of many Christian religions, the Roman catholic is the rare one who accepts Darwin's evolution!God didn't create Man, He created the Universe.It's a little different!And the bible? A kid tale!Right?Comments?

On contrary, for Catholics the Excommunication is in effect whether or not the Devil's advocate knows it, because it forbids the right to ever become Catholic thus the Keys are locking the condemned out of what every person has a right to, that is to be Catholic. Harry may be Protestant, Jehovah, Buddah, or Islam but Harry may never be Catholic once Excommunicated, thus in Hell forever with his Boss the Devil.

Sadly, we now know more about you than we wish we knew.  It would be nice for some if you could "go back into hiding", but most are very happy you've FINALLY ARRIVED.  During the last couple of days you done everything from "praising" Hugo Chavez who was NOTHING BUT A TYRANT,... to stating your position on Protestantism.  This much we now know,... you are CLEARLY a Socialist.  Thanks, but NO thanks, Pope Francisco... we have 'other' plans.

The British Delegation has been promised at Pope Francis Coronation Front Row Seats in the Back Row of the Vatican.

The British delegation will be the drama at Pope Francis' Coronation. Let's see what can they say? Maybe something like: "Your immaculate Holy Father, have a nice day because England has been having great bottles of Champaign ever since chopping down the Argentinean Army and stealing their Oil during the Malvina/Falkland War England won. God save the Queen."

If all you anti-Catholic or anti-whatevers are SOOOOO disgusted with religion, what brings you to these particular blogs? Your empty lives?

With respect to the junta in Argentina, Jesus Christ would never have adopted a strategy of keeping a low profile and sacrificing others in order to survive to fight another day.  That just wasn't His style.What's their mission; to provide cover for pedophilic priests? It would seem to be after reading Cardinal Napier's comments on pedophilia in another article.

And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men,

I have Faith in God the Holy Spirit that he guided the Princes of the Church and that they selected the right man to Sheperd the Holy Roman Catholic Church.  He's not perfect, but none of us are, that's not what is expected.  He's down to earth, he's humble, and he wasn't supposed to be selected 8 years ago, The Holy Spirit wanted him in 2013.  God Bless Pope Francis, Que Viva El Papa!!

Not trying to religi bash here but there is far more news than the Pope. By the number of articles on the Pope here you'd think everyone on Earth was a Catholic.

Ignoring the perversions, the lies and the cover ups all due to not allowing priests to have a wife!

You can not stay true to the cross then you don't belong in the church ! The liberals and the gays also the atheist are trying everything they can do to destroy the church ! God bless you pope for standing up for Jesus Christ the King of Kings the only God that is alive !!!

Maybe this man will truly make a difference because he sees himself as just a man and seeks to follow in the steps of Christ. Now maybe he will see that the child molesters, etc. are also men and deserve to be punished like anyone else. Catholics will excommunicate people from the church for far less that one who molests children so it is time for him to treat these phony priests like they deserve, as the criminals and toss them out. No more protecting these sicko's and while he is at it he needs to get rid of the phony cardinals who are out showing their stuff in the dark.

That is all good as long as they keep their perverted hands off the altar boys.

He has to stop killing the messenger by calling it pessimism, etc. There is justifiable suspicion after the scandals. Praising Benedict is not a good idea either since he dropped the ball. I pray he stops focusing on minutia (paying the hotel bill) and instead takes on gay priests as well as child molestors by not kicking that can down to his successor.

...and we can all burn in Hell for adding another playa in between Jesus and the sheep....and stop raping little kids...robbing them of their innocence...it now means jail time ! and is retroactive !

It's a good change..., and it's nice that the cardinals needed to be told to "stay true to the Cross".

Stay true to the cross/  In all of Jesus's teachings, did he ever mention a cross?  Just asking!

Interesting that people consider these professional priest as "holy" men. That obviously is not true.

Here's a thought...Maybe God, The Almighty God, allowed this man to be chosen as the new pope, to bring God's Will to the Catholic church and the world...to make a positive change, spread the message of the Gospels (good news) of Jesus Christ...the Love of God...bring revival and point people to Jesus and a personal relationship with God, and not a set of man-made religious laws. Maybe he will be the instrument whom God has chosen to clean out and rid the evil out in order to bring the holiness og God in.  Example: As our government needs to be rid of the evil and purged, so does the catholic church, and so do we, who claim to believe in God. Actually, this entire world needs a rival!!!  It is only because of the mercy and grace and the goodness of God that this world, this earth, is still standing...God is LOVE, and He desires not one of us to be lost but to live with Him in heaven for all eternity. This world is worse than Sodom and Gomorrhea!!!

Like a modern day Robin Hood, Pope Francis has to retrieve the stolen oil from the Poor Argentinean people by the English Queen and or now put all English Souls at the risk of Excommunication from entering the Kingdom of Heaven. Whatever is bound on Earth will be bound in Heaven so sayeth the Word according to Gospel.

Yes, things are going to change!All the sin in the USA is going to be punished!No more child abuse, no more elderly abuse!Comments?

The USA has a big human rights problem by letting their poor starve!Watch out the future on this subject!Comments?

"When we walk without the cross, when we build without the cross and when we proclaim Christ without the cross, we are not disciples of the Lord. We are worldly," he told the massed ranks of cardinals clad in gold-colored vestments.

After British Prime Minister has called Pope Francis "Wrong"I think the British Delegation has gotten better seats at Pope Francis Coronation seated now right next to the crumbling maintenance restrooms near the foyer where looms the Statue of St. Michael the Arc Angel jabbing at the Devil.Stay true= keep molesting children and covering it up...the end.

Yes, fine preaching there, for sure...keep your eyes fixed @ the foot of the cross.

Thank you lord for choosing our new pope fron latin america with that personality the church will be diferent god bless the new pope

When a sitting Pope is forced out because of gay night club romps and the e replacement pope is complicant in potlitcal disapperances from 40 years ago, and when the Church still hides and coddles pedophiles across the globe no one with a soul should want anything to do with the perverts in the vatican.

Too bad he can't be the president of the United States!

I would like to be Pope, then I would have to keep making up reasons why I wear dresses.

His speech sounds just like a corporate missionary statement.

This Pope won't have any moral authority to talk about a "clear, moral path" unless and until he directs the church to stop protecting the pedophiles within its ranks and to stop concealing their criminal sexual activities.

Staying true to the cross would mean sacrificing themselves for the good of the church, and begging forgiveness for all their sins.  It would mean exposing the truth behind the coverup of child molestation. It would mean exposing and renouncing the corruption. All good and honorable desires, but unlikely unless the Pope wields some of his absolute authority within the church to clearly convey the earthly consequences of failing to heed his advice.

Just e-mailed the Pope.....Easter is almost here and the kids need Easter clothes, food, the rent has to be paid etc. Not to mention that the church sends envelopes which we are expected to put a few bucks in and then there is the collection basket. Whew !Hope he sends a few lire quickly ...I don't like two types of people: religious and liberal.

Blah. . .blah. . . blah. . .

You can stay true to your convictions but, this pope needs to understand future generations will not see backward mobility and they will not abide by anyone including the pope on what a woman should do with her body or if contraception should only be used for preventing disease or using words like abomination just because we all don't walk his walk and talk his talk.  He is not God and only God can judge. He is a man a simple man with alot of power.  But, the more he preaches his bury your head in the sand sermons like Benedict did and not address what our world is today, they will turn their backs on him and the church.

The media picture shows the Pope sitting and behind him is the biggest Red Tapestry of "KEYS" I've seen. Of course the message is quite clear for England who has committed the biggest affront against the poor Argentinean People since Evita Peron by stealing the Oil on the Falkland/Malvina Islands and that message in Excommunication is coming for the British Empire if they fail to pay War reparations to Argentina and return the Oil it stole to its rightful owners, Argentina. Dream On.

The words and tones that one uses in these texts reveals the true nature and heart of those who type them.

"Stay true to the cross." Already starting wrong. What does the Bible teach regarding the use of the cross?The cross is loved and respected by millions of people. The Encyclopedia Britannica calls the cross "the principal symbol of the Christian religion." Nevertheless, "true" Christians DO NOT use the cross in worship. Why not?An important reason is that Jesus Christ 'did not' die on a cross. The Greek word generally translated "cross" is stau-ros'. It basically means "an upright pale or stake." The Companion Bible points out: (Stau-ros') never means TWO pieces of timber placed across one another at any angle. There is nothing in the Greek of the (New Testament) even to imply two pieces of timber."In several texts, Bible writers use another word for the instrument of Jesus' death. It is the Greek word xy'lon. (Acts 5:30; 10:39; 13:29; Galatians 3:13; 1 Peter 2:24) This word simply means "timber" or "a stick, club or tree."Explaining why a simple stake was often used for executions, the book Das Kreusz und die Kreuzigung (The Cross and the Crucifixion), by Hermann Fulda, states: "Trees were not everywhere available at the places chosen for public execution. So a simple beam was sunk into the ground. On this the outlaws, with hands raised upward and often also with their feet, were bound or nailed."The most convincing proof of all, however, comes from God's Word. The apostle Paul says: "Christ by purchase released us from the curse of the Law by becoming a curse instead of us, because it is written: 'Accursed is every man hanged upon a stake ("a tree," King James Version)." (Galatians 3:13) Here Paul quotes Deuteronomy 21:22, 23, which clearly refers to a stake, NOT a cross. Since such a means of execution made the person "a curse," it would not be proper for Christians to decorate their homes with images of Christ impaled.There is no evidence that for the first 300 years after Christ's death, those claiming to be Christians used the cross in worship. In the fourth century, however, pagan Emperor Constantine became a convert to apostate Christianity and promoted the cross as its symbol. Whatever Constantine's motives, the cross had nothing to do with Jesus Christ. The cross is, in fact, pagan in origin. The New Catholic Encyclopedia admits: "The cross is found in both pre-Christian and non-Christian cultures." Various other authorities have linked the cross with nature worship and pagan sex rites.Why, then, was this pagan symbol promoted? Apparently, to make it easier for pagans to accept "Christianity." Nevertheless, devotion to any pagan symbol is clearly condemned by the Bible. (2 Corinthians 6:14-18) The Scriptures also forbid all forms of idolatry. (Exodus 20:4, 5; 1 Corinthians 10:14) With very good reason, therefore, TRUE Christians 'do not' use the cross in worship.

Follow Jesus, that includes the Pope. God in heaven is the only Holy Father. There is no other. I pray God's will be done.

Religion is a proven manipulation tool that exploits humans' fear of death and the unknown. Con artists have used successfully for thousands of years.

I like how yahoo posted this article twice- just with a different name.  Wonder who's side they are on...

Staying true to the cross means sarificing oneself for God and His People. The term cross is not a literal one...it means suffering and denying oneself as Jesus did. Denying oneself pleasure is not a popular thing now. Yet, you can't outdo God in generosity. Talk to God, He is your best friend!Pope Francis I needs a few cross and nails of his own to use on Gays.

How can you stay true to an inanimate object?

They may as well bury their bald heads in the sand.

Nobody likes the British. Rome has so much hate for England that Giant Monuments and Colossal Statues are erected in the Vatican's Basilica so that all the Popes remember to Shepherd the sheep away from the Pagan land known as England.

He didn't advise his fellow Jesuits to "stay true to the cross" during the Argentine dictatorship. He told them to run.

This Pope is the right one, He is showing the real philosophical concept of Christianity.

Is being humble having tons of security and gold stached int he Catholic headquarter in Vatican!?  don't start attacking me now.

An organization of 80 year old elitist white men, sounds just like every other corrupt and backward power structure in this world.  Their droves of followers only helps show how many weak minded people there are on the planet.  There is an invisible man in the sky, and he needs your money!

Sorry folks, he is not a "Latino" like you think. Both is parents immigrated from Italy. He is Italian and speaks Italian. He is a white man, just like almost all of the other Popes. That is too bad because I hoped they were looking for change. Nope, white men rule, women cannot even have a say in the matter, minority groups are considered sub-class.

Religious neanderthals...Please name these "atheist regimes" who killed more people than Christianity,Islam,and Judaism combined.Heck,just name one atheist regime who killed people. LOL!Sounds like this Pope may work out. Proof will be in the pudding.

Pope Benedict can give people a FRESH ONE if he has too.

Read: "Brand 'Catholic' is so tarnished it requires a new-look make-over."----- but it will still be the same tarnished product on the inside --------

And quit raping little boys!

Finally a voice in the wilderness that speaks about WAR. Like Robin Hood our new Pope will take back what the Rich have stolen from the poor people of Argentina like their oil on the Malvina/Falkland Islands and start welding that beautiful power of Excommunication like Babe Ruth swings a bat.

I'm not a Catholic, but I seem to like this Pope...

Go, see Somalia, and other 3rd world country "saints". Go and see how many skin and bones children and people are dying from starvation, while your bellies are well fed, are chubby.Go and see and feed them with your gold and art.

Stay true to the cross? thats idol worship... A sin that sends the soul to hell.

I'm not Catholic, but I think I like this guy.

beautifulIts stay true to yourself Abraham call his army god and it clearly states gods too referring to people as the divine is to the lord then there's ezra the elohim and enlil prophets to gods to prophetshow about that philosophy being the rule of devil and keeping millions from self-enlightenment he is holding all the cards all the old books that are our true faith kept in his dungeon like fort Knox

He's as Latino as Romney's great grandfather.

I'm happy.! He's a wonderful man !

Interesting how people will jump and say he didn't do enough about the regime in Argentina yet he says too much when it comes to condemning abortion and sinful homosexual activity.  The new pope's critics and accusers are the devil's disciples and betray themselves with their ambiguity. Clearly, their only intent is evil.  It's time for Christians to unite and stand up against the pervasive evil world-wide, particularly in America.  Now vote thumbs down all you evil doers, lovers of evil!  I stand proud to have you stand against me!

It's funny - but sad - to see people putting the good of the church hierarchy above the integrity of serving God.  It's kind of like people who are more loyal to their political party than they are to their own country.  Just like brainwashed sheep.  Jesus questioned authority.  He challenged institutions.  He turned over the tables of the money changers.  And there are plenty of money changers in the catholic church.

If there is a God as we think of him, the Catholics are definately NOT his people. They are so far gone from true Christian faith that there is just no fixing it. I think of them on about same religious level as the Musims; a false religion full of hypocrisy and lies.

Q: How do you know that a religion is correct/TRUTH?Ans: It is logical... The Third Abrahamic faith is logical...WAIT! Research before you refute this claim...

Thank you to Pope Francis for giving us a message of hope, encouragement and optimism that by following the faith of the Gospel of Christ, we may set a good example for others to follow.

Wanna know what happens when religions rule societies with their lies and fear tactics?Read about The Dark Ages and current events.

"When we walk without the cross, when we build without the cross and when we proclaim Christ without the cross, we are not disciples of the Lord. We are worldly," he told the massed ranks of cardinals clad in gold-colored vestments.”WOW!   I am thinking I am liking this pope already.  This is something any Christian whether Catholic, Pentecostal, moderate Protestant or political Evangelical should likewise focus on.   Notice there was no mention of Mary or of those sainted by the Catholic Church.  So many Catholics bog themselves down in the latter with little knowledge or focus on the cross or our faith in the gospel of the life, death, resurrection and ascension of Christ.  But, the cross is precisely where our sole focus as Christians should be.  Everything we do as followers of Christ should be filtered through only one thing -- the cross and gospel message of Christ."He that has the Son has life; he that does not have the Son does not have life" (I John 5:12)

The mission is to continue the brainwashing, exploitation, guilt, fear, shame and support of capitalism that has characterized this edifice of the corrupt status quo.

Even if in disagreement with the tenets and dogma of the hirearchy of the RCC, and it's difficult not to be, one still has to admire the way it stands it's ground.

so if Jesus had been sentenced to death by electrocution, the new pope's message would be, "stay true to the electric chair"??? or if by firing squad, "stay true to the assault rifle"???

Watch out for false humility. It's a fine line.  What Francis fails to recognize (at least it appears so far) is that his brother cardinals are kneeling in reverence to the position...not the man.  His fellow countrymen are flying (spending money) in order to see one of their own in the chair of Peter...not the man.To refuse or impede others from reverencing the position of pope, because of his own sense of unworthiness is hardly showing humility.  Quite the opposite actually.  A truly humble man would quietly absorb his own insecurities and allow others to display their affection as they see fit.

"Stay true to the cross"? A Roman device of torture used to kill their jesus. It makes as much sense as hearing pailin talk about foreign policy.

This guy reminds me of Pope Pius XII who made the infamous 1933 Concordat with Hitler's #$%$, supported and rewarded ArchBishop Stepaic, and showed little public compassion toward Jews that he was a friend to Jews and bore no guilt toward the Holocaust.  Listen carefully as the new Pope Francis explains his silence during Argentina's military rule and massacre of Argentina's people.

Islam+Christianity+Judaism=Lies,power hunger,war,Persecutions,Inquisitions,war,The Dark Ages,child molestation,the oppression of science and knowledge,and greed.

stay true to 1st century speculation and a book of fables....NOT....

hes better than the last one!"and keep sending money..."

Idol Worshiper, he is

Let's hope not. But why did an Argentinean get picked by a bunch of Italian and Irish Cardinals if there wasn't some kind of bone to pick? I've toured inside the Vatican and they have plenty of evidence in colossal statues posed hating England, take a Vatican tour and that's all the tour is about is how much Rome hates England. Now a Argentinean Pope? C'mon I believe in co-incidences but c'mon.

** new guy says let the poor wallowBlessed are the poor -- the more the better (no birth control) -- suffering is good (let AIDS go on punishing sinners) -- keep the ponzi scheme running overtime (let no mite go ungrasped).

Yes, yes focus on mission, dismiss that the Church is considered a training ground for sexual predators. Push the youth away with MORE conservative views that are stifling the Church. No wonder the RNC and the Church are so cozy. Same mentality.

this Pope is a holy man, a gem!

"Stay true to the cross". If Jebus was born 1,980 years later, little Catholic schoolgirls would be wearing little electric chairs around their necks.

So people should stop living in excess and give more to the poor and needy? But when Obama said this Catholics called him a socialist...

The Catholic Church is as big as a threat to the world as Islam.They need to be banned and its heretical priests need to be burned at a stake!!!!!!!

They killed John Paul and covered that up.  He was the Kennedy of the Catholic Church.  We are ruled by psychopaths and have no idea of what reality is.I've been staying away from these pope stories. But I would imagine someone, by now, has said, "Lighten up Francis!"...

staying true to the Cross means Jesus' atoning sacrifice is certainly sufficient for the salvation of all believers.  a believer's salvation is not in anyway contingent upon the sacraments or 'infallibity' of the roman church or the works that religion is all about.  to preach that salvation is only possible through the roman church is a false gospel.

Who cares what the church condemns anyway. You have to be called "The Faithful" for a reason. Who else would listen to Men in dresses swinging around smoking yo-yos.

The Catholic Church, the greatest example of Racketeering !!!!!

Jesus died on a torture stake not a cross.  Historically, people were crucified on a torture stake-one poll straight up and down. "...if you are the son of God, come down off the torture stake," (those who cheered on the mistreatment and death of Jesus Christ Matthew 27:40) Research yourself. It has been changed in many translations to "Cross." Here is sound reason: look at your hands, all the soft tissue in the middle imagine your arm being spread out with a nail through your palm, and your whole body weight hanging, what would happen?The Greek word render "Cross" meant merely an upright stake. The usage of the cross in pre-Christian times and among non-Christian times was connected with some form of NATURE WORSHIP (Encyclopedia Britannica 1976) Vol. 6, p 753.Furthermore, Jesus hanged on an execution stake as a reproach (Acts 5:30; 10:39; Gal..3:13.) Christians must bear "stake as a reproach" Matthew 10:38; Luke 9:23)Idolatry is not acceptable to God, worshiping the cross is idolatry. "flee from idolatry (1 Cor..10:14; "Little children, guard yourselves from idols 1 John 5:21) "You must not make for yourself a carved image or a form like anything that is in the heavens above or is on the earth underneath or that is in the waters under the earth you must NOT BOW DOWN TO THEM nor BE INDUCED TO SERVE THEM because I Jehovah your God am a God EXACTING EXACTING EXCLUSIVE DEVOTION (Exodus 24:25)  "Worship God in "spirit and truth" John 4:24)The aforementioned shows why gaining ACCURATE knowledge about worshiping Jehovah crucial.  (KJ, Psalms 83:18 is his name, you may check the old Hebrew scriptures that appears over 7,000 times in tetragrammaton form; Te-tra...means "four" and gam'ma means "Letter"   YHWH/JHVH. In English it is Jehovah so you do not have to be a Jehovah's Witness to respect and uphold his unique name for a unique powerful loving God who qualities are:Love, power, justice and wisdom. He is the only true God with a purpose to bring true peace and security that will come to pass in his due time).My point to all of this is again, accurate knowledge is essential to getting to know the true God, Jehovah. He wants us to, (Isaiah 65:1, James 4:8) and NOT LEAN UPON OUR OWN UNDERSTANDING (Proverbs 3:5) "All scripture is inspired of God and beneficial for teaching for reproving, for SETTING THINGS STRAIGHT, for disciplining in righteousness (2Tim..3:16,17) Accurate knowledge and actions (serve God the way He wants to be served), will lead to salvation. Millions believe all religion leads to the same God. Check out Matthew 7:13,14; James 1:27) "They publicly declare they know God, but they DISOWN HIM by their WORKS (Titus 1:16) "This people honor me with their lips, yet their heart is far removed from me. It is IN VAIN that they keep worshiping me because they TEACH COMMANDS OF MEN AS DOCTRINES" (Matthew 15:8-10) With all knowledge out there (not accurate) it is essential for one to look for God as "for hidden treasures" Proverbs chapter 2:1-5. In the end, his views/ways/righteous standards is the only one that will matter (Ecclesiastes 12:13).Keep in mind Romans 10:2,3: "They have zeal for God but NOT ACCORDING to ACCURATE KNOWLEDGE not knowing the righteousness of God but SEEKING to ESTABLISH THEIR OWN, THEY DID NOT SUBJECT THEMSELVES to the RIGHTEOUSNESS OF GOD."

And no play'n footsies wit the alter boys

No you stay true the words of jesus. And the real words hidden in a vatican vault... not written by a corrupt anglo king. Idiots!! Jesus was a revolutionary not a pompus hippie bent on tithing and molesting the world to death. Remember that fake christians. You need no fancy church. For thy walk in thy temple everyday. FEEL THE TRUTH. MONEY DONT BUY YOU A GOLDEN WILLY WONKA TICKET TO HEAVEN. JESUS COULD BE REBORN TODAY IN A CARDBOARD BOX UNDER AN OVERPASS TO TWO UNEMPLOYED REDNECKS OR MEXICANS OR HATIANS OR MUSLIMS AND MOST OF YOU WHO CLAIM CHRISTIAN WOULD TREAT HIM LIKE A TERRORIST. THEN SEND HIM TO GITMO ON TRUMPED UP DHS PATRIOT ACT CHARGES.  Look in the mirror long and hard who are you? What are you? Smell that fecal... that is you.

Fine fabrics, the use of Precious gems and a Cross. . . .Somehow I don't think this is what Jesus had in mind for his memory.

Revelation 13 verse 11 we live in such a age of deception.

Yahoo's mission - Stay true to the lie of liberalism!LOL   He looks awfully small in that chair.

O_O, no other church is as self serving as the catholic church. Why then do cardinals (among others) have servants, private chefs, private taylors, private top of the hill vacations villas, and limos and private jets. spare us all the drival. think how many can be fed on just one sale of a cardinals private jet.

The uncritical cheerleading of the corporate media is a sickness; that same sickness that led the media to applaud the war in Iraq, the patriot act, and all the other crazy behaviors of recent years. These are terrible times led by terrible people, including the terrible people in leadership of the catholic church.

infallible |inˈfaləbəl| adjectiveincapable of making mistakes or being wrong:So did you hear the one about the British Prime Minister Cameron who has gone around publicly already saying that Pope Francis is "WRONG"?Are all the British as ignorant as Prime Minister Cameron or is he just a special case? Calling the Pope WRONG. ROFLMAO.I don't think Cameron was expecting to be elected Catholic of the Year for it.

Pope Francis is a Spiritual person, Charismatic, an academic, a manager and above all a Holy Person. He is a real Gift to the Catholic church; i have no fears at all, he is the right and correct leader for the Catholic Church!

stop molesting children would be a great start!

I wonder the double standards when it comes too religion. Over here in the U.S.Muslim enjoy the freedom of religion. But what's so sad Christians who is being persecuted in Muslim country can't say the same.

A 76-year-old man tallking about the "devil"? Yikes! I guess he means thehomosexual devil, the contraceptive devil, the Nuns on the BUS devil, thoseannoying pedophile victim devils?

The pope should excomunicate anyone caught molesting childern.

American Atheists Magazine app is now available on your iPhone and iPad!When will people finally realize there are no gods.  You can be a good person and a moral person without any sort of god in your life (or pope).  It is a choice whether to do the right behavior or the wrong behavior.  Just choose the correct one.

God may be eternal and faith may be forever, but it would be nice for some of the churches mistakes die. Celibate priests and the rejection of birth control could be consigned to histories list of mistakes before they cause more damage.

Hypothetically,if there was a god...Why invent a complex universe that is set in an infinite cycle of life and death? Sounds kinda below him. Why would gods waste their time with that?That's right...Because there is no god.

non Catholics are still showing their ignorance and hatred with their comments again

Question: If the RCC is the richest organization on the planet, and it is, and claims to have the love of Christ, why are it's proselytes always so damn poor and destitute? One need not be a genius to ascertain from whence the "church" extracts its riches, nor from whom...all 1.2 billion of them. Now that's what i call a good "customer-base"!

Well, it looks like he's getting all settled in at the Vatican. And I want to wish "pimp daddy" Francis and the rest of the Catholic mafia/church all the best in continuing their child prostitution ring. Pigs.

Good choice - The right Man for the trade,  both in Him: keep house in order..., going out on Mission and Pastoral field!

The other Pope, Pope Benedict, has given up being Pope because he's too tired. Jesus should be so lucky. And the other Pope has given up being Pope because he's too old. Jesus should be so luck. And the other Pope has given up being Pope because he's can't handle the truth. Jesus should be so lucky.

The pope the world have always expected. I pray he lives longer than pope John Paul the 1.

The new beginning and a new slogan! "Do all you can do with young boys, be a priest"!!OR "Be a priest, we love young boys too"join the church, they need fresh young boys!

Francis most valuable passage outside of the gospels----------per Paul. "women are to keep silent in the church." "it is a shame for you to speak"Give your voice to GODreturn to him........................

Hey Protestants!  Who made these quotes?  Pope Benedict?  Pope Francis?  Cardinal Dolan?  See if you can guess:+++++++“Christ, ..was the only Son of Mary, and the Virgin Mary bore no children besides Him... "brothers" really means "cousins" here, for Holy Writ and the Jews always call cousins brothers. (Sermons on John, chapters 1-4.1537-39). He, Christ, our Savior, was the real and natural fruit of Mary's virginal womb.. .This was without the cooperation of a man, and she remained a virgin after that. (Ibid.)God says... "Mary's Son is My only Son." Thus Mary is the Mother of God. (Ibid.).God did not derive his divinity from Mary; but it does not follow that it is therefore wrong to say that God was born of Mary, that God is Mary's Son, and that Mary is God's mother...She is the true mother of God and bearer of God...Mary suckled God, rocked God to sleep, prepared broth and soup for God, etc. For God and man are one person, one Christ, one Son, one Jesus. not two Christs. . .just as your son is not two sons...even though he has two natures, body and soul, the body from you, the soul from God alone. (On the Councils and the Church, 1539).It is a sweet and pious belief that the infusion of Mary's soul was effected without original sin; so that in the very infusion of her soul she was also purified from original sin and adorned with God's gifts, receiving a pure soul infused by God; thus from the first moment she began to live she was free from all sin" (Sermon: "On the Day of the Conception of the Mother of God," 1527).She is full of grace, proclaimed to be entirely without sin—something exceedingly great. For God's grace fills her with everything good and makes her devoid of all evil. (Personal {"Little"} Prayer Book, 1522).The veneration of Mary is inscribed in the very depths of the human heart. (Sermon, September 1, 1522).[She is the] highest woman and the noblest gem in Christianity after Christ. ..She is nobility, wisdom, and holiness personified. We can never honor her enough. Still honor and praise must be given to her in such a way as to injure neither Christ nor the Scriptures. (Sermon, Christmas, 1531).No woman is like you. You are more than Eve or Sarah, blessed above all nobility, wisdom, and sanctity. (Sermon, Feast of the Visitation. 1537).One should honor Mary as she herself wished and as she expressed it in the Magnificat. She praised God for his deeds. How then can we praise her? The true honor of Mary is the honor of God, the praise of God's grace.. .Mary is nothing for the sake of herself, but for the sake of Christ...Mary does not wish that we come to her, but through her to God. (Explanation of the Magnificat, 1521).+++++These quotes are from MARTIN LUTHER, the patron saint of Sola Scriptura!  He believed Mary was ever-virgin and immaculately conceived so what's YOUR problem?

Yes, by all means let us "walk with" and worship the thing that killed Jesus....the cross.

I am hopeful that Pope Francis will truly be able to reign in the church and take it back to what it should be.  I am not a believer, but I respect those who believe and wish the church well.

Come on now, this is new covenant.  Old covenant is when the people brought a lamb to the priest once a year to be slained for the sin of the people, now we don'thave to kill a lamb any more Jesus is that perfect Lamb that went to the cross Jesus blood wash sin away, and Jesus Blood Still Work. So take advanage of Jesus Blood while you have a chance it is available 24-7,and it Still Work

Jesus love the little children, all the children of the world.Catholics take Jesus's teachings VERY seriously.

"It's creepy to call someone Father when he's not my father, especially when I'm sitting on his thumb." -- Greg Giraldo

Humility, humanity, sense of humor, optimism...what a spiritual leader!!!

stay true to the cross and the cross shall lie to you.commandment #1 GOD IS ONE.",,,,risked becoming just another charitable group without its divine mission...." This statement is a little disconcerting. Please explain, because the statement sounds like, the HRCC is the only entity with a DIvine mission. I beg to differ. Also, the statement isn't particularly humble. IT is also a backhanded insult to secular charitable entities -- singular and groups.

Jerusalem was a Pagan temple long before the wacko Christians,Jews,and Muslims came along.

Pope: "young child, we have a private bible study tonight, come and learn god's words"

God bless

If you want to change an large institution, you don't ask an old, weak, one lunged 76 year old to do it.  To effect real change takes years, Framcis may have 2 to 3 years before he croaks. Its all a smokescreen. The church does not really want fundamental change.

I am waiting for him to say stay true to the Catholic faith, doctrine, and morals as set forth in the Catechism, the Scriptures and the 2000 yr old Tradition of the Church. Hopefully it will not take much longer for him to do so. He needs to be less concerned about local Argentine football and the Falklands  and more concerned with his role as defender of the Catholic Faith, such as were his two immediate predecessors.

The Spanish Missionaries that came to California 300 years ago were Jesuits. They enslaved the local natives and put them into camps. Many natives died at the hands of their Jesuit captors, the ones that didn't die became dependent on the Church for it's "Charity"...If they were better off dying as Christians than living as free people without the Jesuit God, then these native people were very "Lucky" to have been saved....

what mission? missionary  style with young boys?

All you Pope Francis haters,put yourself in his shoes.How would you feel to live his life in following  Christ's path of love,hope &amp; charity? If you don't,continue living in your loveless,perverted,friendless,little evil world.That's how your worthless life will end sooner than later.Nobody cares what you say or think anyway.May God have mercy on your soul.Praying for you anyway because 'the fall of Rome' is coming soon for you.

Instead of focusing on the cross your focus should be on Christ resurrection in overcoming death.  This would show that man has within himself the power to overcome evilThe pope and the Catholic church are sooo corrupt and have been that way since like... forever!!  However, there are millions of catholics around the world that are good people who deserve for those in power to clean up that institution and make it true to God and for the people!

So many of you posters are trying to imply that the staying true to the cross was simply a torture. That is not what the Pope implies. The new pope is conveying a different message. I think he is saying we should stay true to the cross as to mean to honor the sacrifice for which Jesus gave to us and to honor his belief system.

Message to 'Francis'. If you're so humble sell the Vatican and all the.papal lands, put the money if a safe fund and use it to feed and clothe the poor! AND insure that you priests keep their groping fingers in their own pockets!

Thank you lord that you given us the right one for the people blessed him and help him to help the world.....not just catholic but every relegion in the world....

You can't convince a believer of anything; for their belief is not based on evidence, it's based on a deep-seated need to believe.

George Bush says he speaks to god every day, and christians love him for it. If George Bush said he spoke to god through his hair dryer, they would think he was mad. I fail to see how the addition of a hair dryer makes it any more absurd.

The Poop is a nincompope.

How many other millions died on a Roman Cross?  Are you sure Jesus's death was really that special?

Long Live Pope Francis.

"When we walk without the cross, when we build without the cross and when we proclaim Christ without the cross, we are not disciples of the Lord. We are worldly,"I really like this.Hmm... Well he ask the old Pope under oath if he was forced out? Because if he was, than God might not be to happy and may curse the church, like he did with the Jews back when they kill the "King of the Jews."I thinking lightning striking the Church was a sign, and I don't want to be on the wrong side of things.

Cross and secrets!

He is using the term "cross" to reference obligation to the poor-sacrificing money, time and talent to the poor. Sometimes peoples suffering are more of a test of character of those around them. I would like to see the christian philosophy evolve into encouraging its followers to not make disproportionate profit by  misusing the labors and talents of its workers and the wellbeing of the planet we survive on. I believe this is, in part, what jesus taught with his "eye of the needle" parable.

I agree Stand by the cross.

I think Pope Francis is on the right track, humility, the faith of the gospel, the cross. Without these elements the Church has aborted  her mission.Jesus sent His  disciples to preach His Gospel to the Whole World, that is, the Message of the Cross in His meakness and humility, in order that the world may believe the message of redemption through His blood and be reconciled to God.

Religion, churches, go away, come again some other...........century.

The day a 21st Century population cannot manipulate a guy whose head is stuck in the Fog of the 12th Century is the day Priests will stop getting cute little alter boys drunk.

He knows nothing about Christ.

The primary purpose of the Jesuits is the destroy Protestantism.  Protestantism challenged tradition, papal infallibility, the mass (virtual cannibalism) and priestly sacrifice, priestly vestments, priestly confessions (extortion) and priestly power to forgive sins, indulgences (licenses to commit crimes), idol and icon worship, saint worship, Mary worship, works-based salvation, penance (self-mutilation), purgatory (bribing priests to ensure a dead loved one goes to heaven), Latin liturgy (not speaking in the language of the people attending the local church), Bible banning and burning, inquisitions and witch hunts, resistance to science, logic and reason, banning people to eat meat on Fridays, forbidding priests to marry, the notion that sex is dirty and unholy, salvation only within the Roman Church, etc...  Protestants accepted divorce in certain circumstances,  individual interpretation of scripture, church services in the local language of the people attending.  Many protestants became famous politicians and scientists who changed the world for the better and lead the people out of the dark ages.  Their mantra: "faith alone, scripture alone and grace alone" was all one needed for salvation, not a church, priest or sacraments!

Too early to tell. Wait &amp; see what he does.Pope Francis has stated that old age is age of wisdomand thus outlined the mission  of passing on wisdom tothe young,urged  to stay firm with the cross and shunmaterialistic pursuits.

I think this guy is going to fry some child molesters and those that covered it up more so.

I haven't seen any allegation against Francis that comes close to covering up for child molesters to protect the church.  So I'm going to put that in the plus column.  Whatever he did in Argentina, it doesn't seem to involve molestation or covering up for the crimes of others.  I guess that's the best the college of cardinals can hope for right now.Maybe Francis will do the right thing and purge this persistent evil from this Church, so they can focus on healing from the extensive damage caused by their own representatives and restoring some faith in the church's historic claims to moral superiority.  Because right now they're losing membership, losing donations, losing influence, and losing powerbase with every new clergy molestation scandal. Cover ups for crimes (not just sins, but CRIMES) are rotting the place from within.  He has to stop this, or he'll be no better than Ratzinger/Benedict.

To survive the church MUST comes to terms with the real modern world.  This means come to terms with who and what you are, come to terms with issues like abortion, contraception, gays, lesbians and trans gender, admit opnely to all that it is wrong for the Church to protect its internal villans and apologize for modern and historical wrongs!  Stop proselytizing to the poor and naive around the world, stick to the converted make peace with the Jews and Muslims and all faiths and mend your own fences.  The Pope is just a MAN but he needs to speak for all men and accept all.  This man, this POPE has a lot of baggage and he must put that behind him and embrace all, that is his challenge and so far he does not pass!

"When we walk without the cross, when we build without the cross and when we proclaim Christ without the cross, we are not disciples of the Lord. We are worldly," The way all of them dress shows to me and others that they are; 'without the cross' and not being true to Jesus Christ. Too much Pomp and Show. That was not Christ's way.

The Cross,The Crescent,and the Star of David=LIES

so he wants his followers to stay 'focused' on an un-defined mission, and to 'stay true' to the implement used for the cruel physical death of God, the cross. Yep, he's just another confused nutcase, mis-employed, who will continue the centuries long process of leading the sheep to their doom. The Beast that was, is not, and yet is, lives again.

lullaby:lalalalala lalala sleep my little Francis.pOp pOp pOp pOp pOp cOrn.

Pope Francis had started with a simple beginning...

stay true to the cross!!  How wonderful is that!!   Must mean that the era of discrimination against gays, lesbians,  and women, self righteous pomposity and exclusivity , flagrant hypocrisy, and facilitation of predatory behavior  against the most vulnerable are OVER!!!Enough already!!!! give his followers an update in their church. I don't want to hear any more of this mental perversion.

"Francis on Thursday told the cardinals they must stick to the faith's Gospel roots and shun modern temptations, otherwise the Church risked becoming" relevant.

The U.N needs to take down the Vatican and bring it to justice for all the crimes it has committed against kids.

WE ARE ANONOMUS, ANONAMOOSE? LOOSE&lt; LOL.

It's not that hard, people.  The final scene from Monty Python's "The Meaning of Life" pretty much sums up how we should all try to live:"Try to be nice to people, avoid eating fat, read a good book every now and then, get some walking in, and try and live together in peace and harmony with people of all creeds and nations."

In the Mighty and Powerful Name of JESUS CHRIST, the Only Son of the Living and One True GOD, the King of kings and the Lord of lords, the Eternal Word: GOD Bless Pope Francis, The Cardinals and the Roman Catholic Church!!!

The pope and the catholic church are the greatest opposition Jesus has on the face of the earth.The pope, among all heinous, sinister, evil men, is the only man that Satin uses to represent himself.

"God is taking a stand!" In these troubled times of world degradation and materialism, a world bent on pride and falsehoods, God has put in the minds of His Princes of the Church a vision of what must follow, "Truth, Humility, a Heart of a Champion, and the Traditional stand of what will be needed to repair and revitalize the Church of Jesus Christ." Pope Francis is the right answer and choice for... this monumental task. The laity must do it's part also and accept the call to evangelize and witness the workings of Christ and put into action their faith and love for God by example and by deeds. It must be a Church of Christian Soldiers, Hospititlers and servants who's one of many tasks should be is to win souls for Christ Jesus and to make our world a world of charity, love, brotherhood and goodwill toward his fellow human beings. May God bless Pope Francis and my he boldly go where very few will

Never willingly give into sin your soul will regret it someday

To the Beach Boys tune:"Stay true to yer cross, Christ"New Pope? It doesn't matter. It's just lipstick on a pig. The RCC is still a stinking mess.

Translation: Business as usual. Lie, cheat, deceive.

Look  like that's the problem, people focus on the cross,and not Jesus once again, The Blood Still Work

Stay true to what cross? We need to stay true to Jesus, the cross was just a vehicle,the blood wash our sin away.  The Blood Still Work

The news media as usual jumped incorrectly that Pope Francis is in sharp contrast to Pope Benedict XVI but Pope Francis is in the same footsteps of Pope Benedict XVI and all other popes back to Pope Pius XII ! The news media is falsely attempting to create divisions, contrasts, feuds, etc. that are not true !

dear royalron the new's did not do it too them they did it too thnmself's

HEY BART THEY DID IT TOO THEMSELF's

religion is the best B.S. in in history.  glad to see so many people waking up and turning their back on religion.  the herd of sheep is shrinking!!!

I.T.O (International Terrorist Organization) :ChristianityJudaismIslam

Glad he's taking all the 'pomp' out. All he had to tell people is ask themselves, what would Jesus do? He'd let the priests go to trial and and possibly end up in prison. Give to Caesar what is Caesar's... There are people in prison who need priestly help full-time and not just a visiting priest.He is not a Latino, folks. In Fact, he is practically an Italian. His parents were Italians that migrated to Argentina. While his country of birth is Argentina, he is 100% Italian  by ethnicity.

How about focusing on paying taxes! No church any where should get away with not paying. If the church does not have to pay then neither does any body else. The RC church is the largest for profit corporation in the world, they have their own bank and are the largest share holder of oil stocks in he world.

Stay true to the cross, nail it down.

Like you and me, the Pope is human and prone to mistakes.All the Cardinals in the conclave knew his antecedents but above all the hues expressed here found him most worthy to lead the Church, by His Grace he will not fail.God help the Pope.

How can one which uses an abominable title, The Creator (Jn1:3) saidNot to wear, calling himself, in meaning, "God" aka "Father" or "Dad", in areligious sense, do any good, ever? None but the ones Christ said are deceived, which deceive others would ever fall for such hypocrisy ("theleaven of the pharisees is hypocrisy", Christ taught HIS People).

There are a lot of communists today HERE. Bye! Greetings from Argentina!

Francis is the new leader of a rapidly imploding religion that uses bigotry, misogyny and greed as a means to further an agenda based on hatred and intolerance of others.

“I know that you’re going to hate me for thisBut my heart says I need to say thisI think Reverends and Popes are all fakeBecause they can’t even keep a beard for Jesus’s sakeSurely you should imitate the one you claim to love the mostAre you sure that you believe in Jesus, the God, and Holy Ghost?How can Popes get to live like king?And all you are required to do is singHow can a religion that never appeals to mindCan be for the betterment of mankind?You are still on the second level, you need to progress moreThe religion has evolved from, Judaism to Islam, you need to learn moreIslam is the only religion that is for the entire mankindOf all the Abrahamic faiths, it is the only one that appeals to mind!Wait! Research before you refute my claimThe intention is to correct you, not to demean or defame"

He wanted to pay his own bill so no one at the Vatican would know he was watching movies from the porn channel.

...and keep your hands off the children.P.S.  Tax the churches!I guess he is now immune from war-time prosecutions. He looks cute in his white outfit. Liberace?

"stay true to the cross" cross= ancient phallic symbol representing sex worship, yeah fits the standard pretty well i would say

Good choice - The right Man for the trade,  both in Him: keep house in order..., going out on Mission and Pastoral field!

Why no mention of discontinuing the rape of little boys by the priest and bishops ?  I do not think the new Pope has his priorities in order .  Foolish religion !!

While I am not a Chacolic, I can't help but believe that ths Pope will very much benefit eveyone of all religions.

BIG questions remain over Pope Francis' role during Argentina's dictatorship.The Catholic church and Pope Francis have been accused of a complicit silence and worse during the “dirty war” of murders and abductions carried out by the junta that ruled Argentina from 1976 to 1983.

It's God that give and make no man can do it

""Let us never give in to the pessimism, to that bitterness, that the devil places before us every day. Let us not give into pessimism and discouragement," he told the cardinals who chose him."It's not the devil that does it--it's your own priests that do it, along with the bishops, archbishops and cardinals that cover up for them. Don't blame your own weaknesses and evils on a mythological boogeyman.  Accept the fact that you are human like the rest of us, and that a great deal of your church's problem with sexual predation has to do with the fact that you deny a basic human need that your god created you with.

Faith is an evil thing.It creates cults on a macroscopic scale.For example,there is not one shred of archeological evidence that proves Christ's existence.Yet,many people ignore that fact and feed them money.

The cross he speaks of is a 20 foot solid 24k gold cross bought with donations.Now just figure out how to get more of them.Organized religion spends more time trying to figure out how to separate their followers  from their money than anything else.May God bless him and may all people turn toward Christ's church with hope and love!

FYI, the Romans hung their criminals on upright stakes, impaled them, this had nothing to do with religion, it is simply the way they excuted criminals. Had nothing to do with a cross as false religion perposes, nor could it be holy.Origin of the CrossIf the Bible does not really say that Jesus was executed on a cross, then why do all the churches that claim to teach and follow the Bible—Catholic, Protestant, and Orthodox—adorn their buildings with the cross and use it as a symbol of their faith? How did the cross come to be such a popular symbol?The answer is that the cross is venerated not only by churchgoers who claim to follow the Bible but also by people far removed from the Bible and whose worship far predates that of “Christian” churches. Numerous religious reference works acknowledge that the use of crosses in various shapes and forms goes back to remote periods of human civilization. For example, ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics and depictions of their gods and goddesses often show a cross in the shape of a T with a circle at the top. It is called the ansate, or handle-shaped, cross and is thought to be a symbol of life. In time, this form of the cross was adopted and used extensively by the Coptic Church and others.According to The Catholic Encyclopedia, “the primitive form of the cross seems to have been that of the so-called ‘gamma’ cross (crux gammata), better known to Orientalists and students of prehistoric archæology by its Sanskrit name, swastika.” This sign was widely used among Hindus in India and Buddhists throughout Asia and is still seen in decorations and ornaments in those areas.It is not known exactly when the cross was adopted as a “Christian” symbol. Vine’s Expository Dictionary of New Testament Words states: “By the middle of the 3rd cent. A.D. the churches had either departed from, or had travestied, certain doctrines of the Christian faith. In order to increase the prestige of the apostate ecclesiastical system pagans were received into the churches apart from regeneration by faith, and were permitted largely to retain their pagan signs and symbols,” including the cross.

By God's grace.. Pope Francis I will deliver us from Evil.. other religious leaders should follow in his footsteps.. be as humble and kind, a simple Human Being! teach the World the Truth about worshipping GOD.

Gay and lesbian groups have infiltrated the Chruch. They are causing trouble. The devil sent them in to seperate and destroy. They will soon be routed because lust will show who they are. Stop gays in the church. it is absence of sexual desire... Not the same sex desire.. Grr

Next is Black, Gods dead.

I have never heard from Pope that masses should pray God to give them power to fight the dirty practices of the church. Human being is weak and can not do anything without the help of God. If you have lofty goals but don't reach out to God to help them, you will have NO success. Pope should have clearly advised the cardinals to hold Prayer to ask for help from God. God is powerful and can do anything. Have faith.

This pope knows what spiritual warfare is all about!

Porn is hidden in the VATICAN = We Have the INFO = BUTLER? = KEY2?kashishClay.

Venerable, hope for the world!  Please be respectful.

"Imagine"Imagine there's no heavenIt's easy if you tryNo hell below usAbove us only skyImagine all the peopleLiving for today...Imagine there's no countriesIt isn't hard to doNothing to kill or die forAnd no religion tooImagine all the peopleLiving life in peace...You may say I'm a dreamerBut I'm not the only oneI hope someday you'll join usAnd the world will be as oneImagine no possessionsI wonder if you canNo need for greed or hungerA brotherhood of manImagine all the peopleSharing all the world...You may say I'm a dreamerBut I'm not the only oneI hope someday you'll join usAnd the world will live as oneI love him, but as he is showing us the way , he should let the world know that ' salvation is of the Jews, and that Johavah blesses those who bless them and curses as many as curses them' We activate Abrahamic covenant when we do things as Abraham seeds.

The Poop is a nincompope.

"I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours" Stephen Roberts

who the heck is this old fart? No need for a Pope, we got Jesus!

Yes, keep raping those little boys, sweeping it under the rug, and milking everyone for every dime they can get

Yet another loss for the catholic establishment, the election of pope francis.  You notice that I didn't bother to use proper capitalization?  That's because there is very little that is proper about this mafia run establishment that needs it's lights put out for good.  People involved in this business need to turn their backs to it and walk away from it.  If you truly believe in the work and words of Christ you will not find a sincere representation of him here.  This is an evil empire that is interested in one thing and that is power.  This evil empire doesn't even represent the true definition of the word "catholic".  The last pope was a Nazi, and now this one is not only anti gay but has a criminal record.  Again, as I have said before in this space that the only thing that keeps this evil empire afloat are those who practice blind faith.  Open your eyes people.  Your support of this organization only gives credence to child molestation, murder, thievery, bullying, treachery, and almost anything else you can think of that is illegal.

Since there is no 'God' the church is just a business (of sorts). If the serving &amp; faithful can rise above being human to resist things that are of the 'devil' then more power to THEM! But I don't understand if we were made by 'God' then why does he ask us to deny our biological needs (this does NOT INCLUDE molesting &amp; corruption)? Sex is a biological NEED. We cannot help the way our ADULT  body is DRIVEN to procreate (especially males!). I can't imagine why would 'God' would made us in HIS image (musta been a #$%$ guy) but say we have to ignore our bodies. Ever see a dog or any other animal abstain? Exactly!Just ONE of many clues that prove the lack of 'God'. People are, of course, free to believe what they choose but do NOT push ur ideas OR hurt others in ur pursuit of 'God'. That's ALL I'd like to see.

who put chester the molester in charge?

I think satan is using the Catholic religion as a blinder to make people think it's of God, instead of what it truly is.  NO MAN is holy; only God is.  How can the Catholics rake in all the money they do and walk around with solid gold crosses...build magnificent buildings...when they could be using that money to care for the widows and orphans.  Everything they do ritually speaking...and naming saints and glorifying the Pope does not line up with what the Bible preaches.  I'm not saying that Catholics are not Christians, but there are seriously a lot of things they do religiously that just seem like they are from satan.

if not Catholics why worry..it is non of your business..Yup stay true to the idolitry! That gold cross around your neck wont be enough to buy ur way in to heaven...

Horse #$%$!

may the lord help pope francis return the catholic church to the ancient path amen

They haven't been true to the cross in 2000 years.

Let's dispense with the religious fervor and wait and see what the new guy does about pedophile priests. And if he is so humble and Christ-like, perhaps he will sell off some of the oldest corporation's assets to help the sick and poor, like Jesus did. I feel bad for all those millions of people who lived and died before Jesus who will burn for all eternity for the sin of really bad timing.

Group of pedophiles = catholic church + pope.  peaceall.

and wear the colors of satan and do great harm to all especially children support the #$%$ and kill anyone in your way and be a good jesuit homosexual killer knight -SICK

And don't molest little boys, he should add that to his speach.

Next is Black, Gods dead.

Dirty filthy stinking money grubbing papists.Smoke and mirrors, gotta love magic!

The good news about all the rapid comments is that the lines between true Christians and false Christians begins to be come into focus. The sorting between sheep and goats is seemingly not going to be down denominational lines. Huh, go figure. God Bless the Pope and all our Christian Shepards, march on........

Our prayer is that our good Lord will grant the pope the Grace to lead his people in love, faithfulness and holiness, through Christ our Lord. Amen.

religious nut bags

look carefully pope has a child under his dress

POPE IS THE HEAD OF THE PEDOPHILES = mamba, almba, simba sumba, whatever., lol.

I bet if you go to Vatican City and knock on his door it will be answered by a large Asian man who angrily says, "Francis is busy!  He's having his bath!"

Neither JPII or BXVI were chopped liver!  They were/are both good, decent and honorable men.  I value their leadership; their lives; their service; their example.  But everybody is different. You see that with the early Apostles, including Paul.  I think the secular press is initially charmed by Pope Francis, and are contrasting his different style with Benedict (and to lesser extent JPII) to get their digs in at 2 Popes whose traditional policies they did not care for.  I fear that this honeymoon may be brief.  But, I trust the man whom our cardinals selected through the inspiration of the Holy Spirit to be up to the task.  With our prayers and God's strength he will be.  God bless Pope Francis.

Stay true to almighty jehova ,father of christ, and the teachings of christ, not his instrument which torcherd jesus !

Stay true to almighty jehova ,father of christ, and the teachings of christ, not his instrument which torcherd jesus !NO! Run away from the cross! Keep one hand over your wallet and one hand covering your butt. Either way these closet homosexuals are going to try to rape you from behind while trying to beat you withe their fairy tale book.

Sounds kind of like the church laying down for the #$%$, Soviets, and Zionists.

The "Dirty War" pope has determined to stay true to the catholic traditionof Pedophilia

Too bad the vatican doesn't stay focused on god instead of interfering with governments around the world on a daily basis.

May God grant peace and forgiveness to the Church of Jesus Christ, the body of believers as reflected in Acts of the Apostles. May the God of Abraham, Issac, and Jacob rest his wisdom on Frances the First. Amen

The orthodox church of Egypt do not allow any one to become a priest unless he gets married. Please apply this law to stop scandals and stop the enemies of the church.

With a chair that fancy, he must have a direct phone line to God.

The Cross...a sign of contradiction in a dark and confused world.

To all you hatred filled commenters: i will pray for all your souls, because you all need saving. Since God in His Inifinite Love for all His creations, which all of you are part of, has given you a free will, to be used for good or evil, (is up to you),  and which He wanted you to use  to love your Creator, but which is obvious to one and all, that you don;t, you leave it up to the people who do know God, to try to give you an insight of this Magnificent Love for you. And we do this through prayers. God listens to our prayers and acts accordingly. i wish you all a great day and may Our Good Lord bless each and every one of you.

Oh oh. What does that mean for little boys?What about the gospel of Christ, the teaching of the Kingdom of God.  Why not try that? First you need someone who knows the teaching. There are hundreds of false teachers who do not know what the Kingdom is however they still profess to teach it. Blind leading the blind its here. Religion will not save your souls.

Yes, let's get back to the completely fictitious fable of a god who can't forgive the talking snake/magic apple episode but decides that he will offer a loophole by sacrificing himself to himself in a bloody human sacrifice to make things right, but only for those who can believe without evidence.  And let's not stage the human sacrifice in a place like, say, China, which actually has a culture that can READ.  No, let's stage it in primitive backward Palestine where word of the all-important loophole would have to spread by donkey cart.  And let's make the event so unmemorable that nobody else notes it down anywhere.  And let's have this 'lord's' stories eerie resemble copies of other previous myths that had been floating around that region for years.  Then, let's set up a cult where people worship a death-implement and 'eat' the body and blood of their 'lord'.Yes, we ALL need to get back to the cross, LOL.

Great, the SECOND war criminal the Catholic church as elected pope. He's in Europe now, so can we get him tried by the tribunal in the Hague? Or better still, a two-for-one deal trial?Mankind will never be truly free until the last Christian is strangled with the entrails of the last Muslim.