After the U.S. Leaves it is only a question of time until the Taliban occupy Afghanistan and establish their base of operations

The Russians are having the last laugh. From their view, we could have learned an easy lesson from their foolish debacle in afgoonistan! But Bush and gang (and now Obama) had their heads up their thoughtless accesses.It's disgusting to realize the lives and money that has gone down the toilet there...and still!!!! Out now Obama!

Start withdrawing our troops today from a country that doesnt want us. Give them to TX AZ and NM to guard are borders.

How many more of these useless "conflicts" do we send our brothers and sisters to before we realize in the end, it's just a waste. The social, economic, and religious divides within these ancient civilizations will never be changed by OUR involvement until THEY decide it's time to change for themselves. In the meantime, we make enemies on BOTH sides and at a cost that ultimately weakens us domestically and globally.

Karzai is a dead man walking, we know, the Afghan people know it, and the corrupt prick himself knows it.Ten minutes after the last USA Soldier leaves that Godforesaken sihthole the locals will have this robed pimp dangling on the end of a rope!

Kazari is an idiot who should be deposed.  Our enemy was not the Taliban it was Al-Qaeda.  I know many are one in the same but a majority are not.

The infighting  for power has started folks.Guess who is or are going to get their bu#t kicked come 2014 after spending billions of the peoples money.

To those who predict Karzai's passing, I'll bet the guy returns to the US where he and his brothers were before the Afghan war started. He was, and maybe still is, a consultant to "UNICAL". It was the US that took him to Afghanistan and installed him as President.Just like Ahmad Chalabi, the convicted fraudster, who was taken to Iraq and installed by Cheney as the leader of the country's ruling council after the invasion, and who had to flee to Iran when the Jordanian authorities put out an arrest warrant for him for money laundering and fraud.The US has a knack for picking its puppets as long as they promise to deliver what the US wants.

I wonder if karzai knows he's DEAD the moment the U.S. pulls out?

Karzai's Days are NUMBERED... when the US leaves he is DEAD !

Karzai is a dead man walking.Let them fight it out among themselves, just like they always do. Not our problem. Why did we stick our noses in again? Oh yeah, to use a military solution to a law enforcement problem. That worked out well, didn't it?

12 years of war and we still did not destroyed the Taliban.

all those american kids killed in vain, obama will just let the taliban take over, we should be telling karzai how it will be, well, we have a muslim in charge also, what do we expect, libs suk

The Taliban supported Al-Qaeda, tooth and nail, that's why they became our enemy, or have you forgotten this? If we pull out now the Taliban will take over, put Karzai's head on a stick ( Not the worst thing ) then invite Al-Qaeda back and everything we have done and all the blood that was shed will be for nothing, is that how you want to honor our fallen.Put mind into gear before typing.

If it dethrones Kazari and gets us out of there, fine by me.  They can't be as corrupt as Kazari.

Karzai is our friend &amp; allie! we shower him with money, and kill taliban. now his buddies are having talks with the taliban. how nice. something is fishey here. who ok's the aid we the tax-payers give to them?????? it dam sure isn't me!

Are we stupid or what?  We send BILLIONS to this cesspool, lives lost and this is KARZAI at his best.  Just pack up and friggin leave - let the U.N. deal with it

Karzai has, no doubt, squirreled away enough stolen US aid money to live in luxury any where in the world. When the US bails, so will he.

So many words about nothing but BS -- Ray Charles could see Karzai is nothing more than a dumb shill -- put in place by "us" -- his people hate him -- he "hates us" -- his and his brothers poppy crop is at an all time high --- bring our troops home -- kill him and his brother -- and -- if we have time --- fifteen or twenty of the "warlords" (wasn't this something you read about with Gingas Khan? -- warlord)

What difference does it make? Obama negotiated for Taliban to retain a "presence: in their Gov't anyway in his "outreach" to make Americans safer.Karsai don't have any friends either in Afghanistan, nor in the United States, neither around the world. Once the United States and the NATO allies leave Afghanistan, Karsai days on this earth will be come to an end.

The sooner we get our troops out of that hellhole, the better off we'll be. cut off aid, napalm the poppy fields, along with Karzai. These nutjobs have been fighting over this country for 1000 years. Let them fight it out among themselves

Talk to any military person that has been to Afghanistan. They will tell you it's a waste of lives and money. This is not heresay, I have talked to many. There are many ethenic groups there. All are muslim, but all groups have different views. Fighting has been ongoing for a thousand years and will never stop. They all want power and control of the people. Afghanistan produces more opium than any other country except China. Why would they want to be a soldier making $30.00 a month when they can make 100 times that with opium? Fighting and drugs are all they know. There will never be a stable, democratic government there. The SAME soldiers and police we train are the ones we fight. Friends to your face and enemies at your back. All aid we give goes right back to our enemies. We support the ones we fight. Our Government knows it's a losing cause but is trying to save face by not declaring defeat. This hell hole is not worth one American life. Why do we stay? Politics at it's finest. We are being used by the entire world. We are the laughing stock of all their jokes. We are defeating ourselves from within. We are our OWN enemy.

as soon as they include that a future state must be islamic, or any other religion, you know they're fkd.

Great idea, that way when we leave the Taliban can kill Karzai and take over again.

This guy should be dropped like a bad check.

Hekmatyar, a one-time U.S. ally who is now listed as a terrorist by Washington.Therein lies the rub. Talking with an Islamic anything is going to be fruitless. Their Qur'an tells them to lie to you for any reason at any time. cut paste Islam lies, enter. Find "The Religion of Peace-Islam. Lying (Taqiyya and Kitman)" and read about just exactly who you are talking to when you try to talk to a follower of Islam. A Muslim is inherently a liar.

Afghans are, by nature, traitorous.

This is the part where Karzai sells out his country, his people and the US to save his butt when the Taliban do take over the country. The only thing we will have accomplished there is to kill Bin Laden, wasted huge amounts of US taxpayer money, and got some good Americans killed. What a waste.

see how fast this #$%$ hole unravels when ''the puppet'' gets killed or kicked to the kurbThe Taliban &amp; Al-Qaeda might be the enemy of the USA, but we are their biggest fund raiser. We donate the most $$$$$ to their causes, which is to destroy America. Every year we send more &amp; more $$$$ to Afganistan &amp; Pakistan then anyone else. Stand for Rand, 2016. Lets stop this madness.

More proof we are wasting our time, people and money on this wasteland. This country has been as shithole for centuries, the USA is not going to change it just like Russia could not and going as far back as Alexander the Great.Our troops and our money need out of that place now, Those who still believe Obama is some peace lover are fools, he's just as much if not more a warmonger then Bush was.

It will be a great day when they hang him from the goal post.

Karzi is bad mouthing us. Siding with our enemies but when we leave, you can bet he'll be first in line to board a U.S. plane. And if anyone lets him board, we lose.

the countdown has begun on when the Taliban retakes this dirt pile.

Our puppet Karzai better get his mansion ready in the USA. He will be hung as a traitor for helping the invaders if he stays.

Don't talk shoot!

Time for Karzia to move back to Chicago and start flipping Pizzas again. With alll the money he and his  gang of 40 thief's have  siphoned f om the US aid he might as well buy Godfathers Pizza Inc. and re-install Herman Cain as his CEO!

Let the Afghans talk to who they like, and let's get out of that stinking sandbox and leave them to it

When the U.S. goes out so will the rule of Karzai. He will be executed by the Taliban and things will go back as they were before. All of the lives, effort and money will be a loss. You cannot bring prehistoric man into the 21st century and expect him to function in a normal capacity with modern people. It just doesn't work and never will.Those Talioban guys are cool.  They don't take no monkey business from nobody.

After all is said and done, these countries will return to right where they were before we came on the scene 10 or so years ago.  They will never change.  They are Middle Eastern and Middle Ages.  We will have wasted thousands of young American lives and billions of dollars, and we still will not have a true friend there, not even Isreal.

Whatever! I really don't care anymore who does what in Afghanistan. Get our boys out of that place and let them go at each other. If they want to be civilized, it will happen.

Mohammad used deception and deceit to gain trust of his enemies before he slaughtered them, never ever trust a muslim to keep their promise or their word.

Why do you always refer to this Mullah Omar guy as "one eyed"? Would you call Stevie Wonder as No Eyed Stevie? Why is his eye condition relevant to the news? Grow up!

Dubya blew two tril here, two tril on Iraq, one tril on disabled vet pensions and gave ultrarich 5 tril tax cuts and Obama is the big spender?

If you are willing to "negotiate" with terrorists instead of eliminating terrorists, you are supporting terrorists through your weakness.

Ahh did the Big Bad Taliban come out of Hiding.....Hey here's an idea Stop giving Afghanistain Money. We could still send over money in the form of Shrapnel.

This is a good thing.  Taliban back in power in Afganistan, they attack US interests from Afganistan.  We go back in and wipe them out but this time (unlike Rumsfeld's big FU) be waiting for them along the #$%$ border and end it once and for all.

afghanistan what a waiste of america lives an money soon as we pull our troops out it will business as usualnow will we have to send 5 billion per year of american tax payer dollars to this littlesht as well as kharzai?

that little thing in the pic is a warlord?...lmao...lol...what a world!

This as yet another peace farce that will cause more violence and death

Good news:  I read recently on an al Jazeera blog that the Taliban's goal this year is "obama."

just more proof how this country is just not worth the effort ... nothing but tards...

Wouldn't it be nice for the Afghans to settle their own differences?  Without outside meddlers, like the US and NATO?   Hey, it WILL have to happen, if THEY are going to settle THEIR own differences and end THEIR civil war.  I suppose that prospect of peace annoys some of you warmongers who want the Afghan war and the US involvement in their civil war to simply go on forever.  Well, that's too bad.

i think Karzai's turban is a little too tight an he's been walking too close behind his camel.

Karzai can get Helmundistan,the other opponets can get the other stans  and with that the end with Afghnistan.

Time to leave......Pull out and take our aid with us and let them settle this....of course we will give them million and return in ten years to do this again....Our Government has no clue as to what to do or what course to take......it is big business that is dictating this conflict and our GOP is an all agreeing force that has the power to keep us in this sh!thole of a country....

USA's LOST WAR..in Afghanistan...!!?Sure it is..! GW Bush ordered US military strikes on Afghanistan post 9/11/01 terroist attack on US targets (WTC towers and Pentagon) as the then TALIBAN rulers had refused to hand over Osama Bin Laden. In 11 years of US troops occupation and War on terror over 2200 US troopes had DIED there beside thousands of injured US troops and death of over 100,000 innocent Civilains in US /NATO bombing, missile and dronbe strikes. In the Eighties, US Govt and CIA aided and armed the Taliban but in 2001, US attacked the Taliban. Now in 2012 and 2013 US Govt under Obama is "negotiating" with Taliban despite killing Bin Laden in Pakistan, a US ally where Bin Laden was hiding for 6 years (2005-2011).WHO said in 2008..if I become President, My Govt will NEVER Negotiate with Terrorists.!?It was Barack Hussein OBAMA..who made sure Bin Laden was given an Islamic burial..!!Either kill them or talk to them. Anything in between is an exercise in futility. You certainly can't expect to make peace with a man who wants to kill you if you ignore him. That would be futile. You must choose: talk to him and find out how you can resolve the issue, or kill him before he kills you. If you choose the former be prepared to compromise. If the latter, submitting to rules limiting your capability to kill him is like tying one hand behind your back in preparation for a knife fight.

Karzai is just counting the days till he flee's afghanistan with billions of American dollars that our goverment gave him. I think with his current rhetric he is geting impatient and is waiting for that villa in Velenzeula

Karzai...lol...walking DEAD MAN...too stupid to know it !!

Taliban need to take Karzai out for a walk is what needs to be done

The mayor of Kabul is trembling in his boots.....when U.S. help leaves, he should leave too - if he lives that long...

journey of a million miles begins with one step:)

Well its time to get out and bring all our people and money home. It will belong to the taliban when we are gone and that is what they want, so give it to them.

Didnt Karzi just claim the US was the one talking with the Taliban? and he didnt like it...

Watch. Karzai is first and foremost a survivor and he'll probably die of old age in France.

Karzai will be dead within 24 hours after we exit.How do you make peace with a group that believes they must install an all encompassing, all powerful religious government that murders all opposition? You can't. Peace with the Taliban is like giving Hitler the Sudentland, because that will be all he wants, right?

well there goes a trillion down the drain hahahaha.

Mooslims are ignorant, backwards child molesters, just like Moohammed the prophet was.

I would hope this will spur our government to end our involvement in this hell hole, and that when we leave we take all the money karzi has socked away, and that any improvements we have built like airports, power stations, etc are destroyed. These animals want to return to the stone age, let's accomodate them. Make sure we leave them nothing that could be used against us, and that means disarming all afgan forces. As for karzi, he should be left chained to fence at the airport so taliban can find him, and we wish him happy travels on his journey to allah or whereever.

Who wants to take bets on how quickly the Taliban regain control?

hekmatyar is not Indispensable Any one who wants to come is welcome we need those people who just bring unity , liberalization , Rehabilitation and eliminate all those dark days which came into our heartjust peace just peace no war no war

When will the US learn that we cannot covert other cultures into democratic societies? All the US money and all the US men could not save Afgainstan from Karsai and the Taliban....What a waste of US lives and money! JMO

good sniper shot!!!!!

Some problems need a Military Solution.  It may not be possible to be Mr. Nice Guy and END the Taliban Problem.

Frankly My Dear I don't give a DAMM about permanent control of Afghanistan.  At one time Russia controled the country.  From a US Security Point View of having Putin control Afghanistan, would be better than having the Taliban control the place.Kalberer would suggest giving Afghanistan to Russia if they want it.  The American Puppet system is simply not working.and once the international combat troops leave this country will go back to being run by a dictator, just as it always has been so why did we waste so many troops lives, and money for the last 10 years. I dont disagree with what was done over ten years ago to liberate the people, but within days after Saddam falling from power, a letter should have been givin to them stating we are going home, straighten your country up, or we will come back.

America's puppet system has so many problems, that a new system is needed.It would be cheaper and it would save American lives to just bomb countries that are a Military Threat, without using permanent ground troops.  Some ground troops are used for intelligence purposes during bombing. America has the World's greatest Air Force and it should use it.General LeMay knew how to deal with mitilitary threats.

Maybey they should ban assault rifles before the talks.

Why is the writing on the wall so clear that this place will become home of terrorists again once we leave

karzi's brother is reputed2be one of the biggest drug dealers in the world,or goverment has proven time&amp;again it will make a deal with satan.

Ahhh.....business as usual for the Afgans.  Anyone surprised?

after so much destruction the usa plans to leave in 2014 without any reconstruction.

Jerusalem is not mentioned in the Koran once.

Wisdom is saying no dealing with Terrorists (Taliban, Hekmatyar, Haqqani and their relevants) , instead take strong steps to remove them from the ground to safe the humanity from their barbarism

Hey! international forces UN, USA , there is no difference between Karzai , Hekmatya, Taliban ,Haqqani and other terrorist groups all of them are the same and just they want to extent the leading by Pashtun to be imposed in Afghanistan , but no one want this, all people want to be not talked with terrorists, but why you do so, while for several times they broken , what they were saying and the history of Afghanistan have had proved this, and you can read 266 years history of this country since its name changed to Afghanistan from Khurasan, we have faced the misleading of this country by Pashtuns and is enough and there is no room again for dealing with them, and there is many questions raising in Afghanistan and in other countries that why the international forces came to Afghanistan if now they deal (negotiate) with terrorists such as Taliban , Hekmatyar, Haqqani etc, if we quote the crimes of  them this site would not bear , that would become thousands of books!!!!!You should not afraid from what Karzai is boasting; people of Afghanistan support the international forces not Karzai and terrorists.  Do the things that are wisdom and based on anti-terrorists strategy, not accepting what terrorists want?We need someone anti-Taliban leader in Afghanistan, who can cooperate easily, honestly, on the base of people's benefits consider to the strategies of world in the country, who can bring peace, development for this country.From Kabul Afghanistan on the groundKarzai will bring some money and live somewhere else.

Eliminate all Threats. Begin removing any valuable resources. Start a Trust for the nation of Afganistan from profits. Begin Eliminating all the Men over 17. Rebuild the major cities and remove any and all evidence that Islam ever existed. Then there will be prosperity in that Hell of a Nation.

they are winning the war. The Taliban's top military man, Zakir Qayyum, a former Guantanamo prisoner, is dead set against the talks.

No talk with the terrorist US invaders and its puppets... Taliban's stand... US hadlost, like previous invaders

Nice move by Mr. Karzai only solution on Afghan conflict is to talk with Taliban as US is on run so the only way to solve the puzzle is to talk good luck

nuke this dirty backward cesspool

Taliban Mujahedin will soon conquer whole Afghanistan. IN SHAA ALLAH

Where is Omar?