How come we cover this more then what our troops are doing in Afghanistan?

The reason silence over Syria?is the  americans do not want to hear a word of Syria,the obama administrations,weakness,and undecisions to send weapons to Syria,made the americans look like under-dogs or snoopy,s Charlie Brown,character;thats what obama administration looks like;weak in decisions,unbalance opinions amongst its cabinet members,no cohesions,no organization,togetherness,each vying for the lions share of credit.

Please, decision makers, remember those risks before you send more weapons into Syria.

Both ides of the Syrian conflict are enemies of the US. They hate us. There is no winning move for the west in Syria. We should just stand back and let them kill each other. No matter which side wins, nothing changes for us.

Hooray ! Hooray for the.............................. ah, um, who's side are we on now?

Send no weapons to the muslims, be they sunni or shia.

Sure, sure, Syrian Rebels. Who should we make that check out to? The Terrorists that will turn the weapons we give them on us now or later?

The Shia and Sunni rift is no different than that of hyenas and lions regardless of who wins. Eternal enemies they are. One can preach democracy until they are blue in the face and these muslims will never get it. It's in their nature to distrust the other sect and vice versa. Only a strong man can bring peace to that forsaken land. But alas, these strong men are slowly being ousted.

With all this strife in the region it is amazing that Israel has not been provoked. Yet.

uh oh...they are dangerously close to that sleeping Lion

Great, now the Al Qaeda rebels are going to start shelling Israelli positions from their new stronghold in the Golan heights.  Wonderful news. About the only thing that will stop the slaughter is if God manifests himself on earth, says  "Since Thou Shalt Not Kill is too complicated for you, try this one: Learn To Swim" and gives the area another Noah's Ark style flood.C'mon, release that poison gas we've all been hearing so much about.

When the post office in Syria shoots back, you know their mailmen don't mess around.  I wonder if Assad pays them extra "danger pay" while they're delivering mail throughout the country???

What happened to the UN hostages the "rebels" took?  Media silence...now there is something new!

Don't do anything! Let them fight it out on their own. No one in this equation is a friend to America, not Assad, not the Rebels, not Iran, no one! The longer this goes on, the more of them will die, the longer Iran will mired down trying to keep Assad in power. The longer the Islamist will have plenty of people to kill without searching for Americans. The more of these people that die, the fewer we will fight in the future.

Reuters is a terrorist outlet? They are so joyful for every terrorist's success...

I love the way these biased stories are written. 70,000 people have been killed since a PEACEFUL DEMONSTRATION was held two years ago. When have you ever heard or seen a peaceful demonstration in the MIDDLE EAST? NEVER!

It's amazing just watching sick Muslim animals killing each other, and when Assad falls the slaughtering will continue and will go on and on and on!!!

The US needs to stay out of that war, no matter who wins that war,al qaeda will try to infulence there beliefs just like there doing in Iraq. There will be no peace, roadside bombs everyday will be the norm. You cannot change these countries cultures.

How about we drop a few EMP's, knock out all power, all vehicles, tanks, airplanes etc, and let them duke it out hand to hand, winner take all?

What's really interesting here is that Yahoo! still thinks people care about these daily updates from Syria.Now Obama can have his al Qaeda friends launch rockets into Israel to start another war.

yahoo is on the side of islam,,, convert or die,,,, the borg

Its nice to know that nothing has changed in 2000 yrs. Maybe the Chinese are right in banning any form of religion.

that's what an armed population can do to it's government.

Muslims slaughtering Muslims....what's new!!!

And you Liberal twits want Israel to give up the Golan Heights. It would be suicide for Israel. Is that why you want it ?

Politicians have always a reason to be "late" in their assessment of life.

Sunni prince Obama

as long as they kill each other,we don't need to arm them

We have to sit this one out because we can not be supporting anyone who is involved with Islamic terrorism and it seems that everyone involved here on both sides is a terrorist or a supporter. At least the Assad family kept a tight reign on these radical Islamic terrorists and the US was better off with Assad, Saddam Hussein, Mubarek and Khadaffy in power then with the present gang of Islamic radicals taking over these countries. We will be fighting them along side Israel in the near future. No weapons, no intelligence, no training, no money, no nothing, to any Islamic revolutionaries no matter what they ask for.Somehow the violence must stop..

send them pork.

Currently the U.S. is in  a win win situation.  No mater how man is killed on each side, it is less for the U.S. to fight later.

So many world leaders are causing most of the problems today.  Wonder why we the people let it happen.  Loud mouths stir up people to fight against each other.  Some bad guy leaders must be taken down, when their power gets too big and spills over onto another country. Why are the bad guys never satisfied?

"Israeli occupied" Golan heights?Is this YahooNews or Al-Jazeera?

Who would want to live there? No matter who wins it will be hell. Even Haiti looks better.

It's a major shitshow over there. Israel is the only stable place in the region.

That's a Bingo!! To the person who said both sides do not like the US.

Stop the wars...We have a right to our beliefs,as long as they do not harm anyone elses.!In an intelligent society, surely we should be able to livein our countries as we wish...?

The demonstrations were met by bullets, eventually sparking a Sunni backlash and a mostly Islamist armed insurgency increasingly spearheaded by the al Qaeda linked al-Nusra Front, creating a political dilemma for regional and Western powers and deepening the Shi'ite-Sunni divide in the Middle East.( The West playing both sides like they did with Bahrain Sunni lead govt and Shi ite lead demotrations, Iraqi and Iranian conflict. )More Western funded terrorists killing civilians.  This troll Owies troll has to be the biggest fascist puppet reporter on the Reuters' staff. He has to be a pathalogical liar.  Hey my US government....... QUIT FUNDING INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM!

Religion is the problem people, it is evil man made BS to control the masses, God nor Jesus wrote a religious book men did and Im sure if you believe your books you can see at the very beginning God found out he could not trust man. One rule and he did not obey! Everyone just needs to treat each other the way you would want them to treat you if you were in their shoes! you were given Free Will because God wants you to love him of your own Free Will, no rewards, no threats needed to get your love. Forced love is not worth it's salt, but love given of your own Free Will priceless!! Look at all the hate, intolerance, self serving, power grab, and cash flow to those who claim they are working for GOD, all the killing being done in his name etc. it makes me sick to see innocent people being drag into these religious wars so these who cliam to be doing God's work can get rich. I'm sure I find a few of the very people I'm talking about here condemning my remarks. LMAO

Hopefully this civil war drags out for a long time.

All so Israel can exist -- religion in 2013 is still killing Millions even when so much History has been recorded to teach Religion and Military weapons don't mix well

watch out Israel, the extremists are cometh

Iranian OCCUPIERS are responsible for the death of over 120000 innocent Muslims in Syria !!! THEY WILL PAY WITH BLOOD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!LONG LIVE SYRIAFREE SYRIA

its better this two muslims are at war in thousand years more, cause if they made a pack,their attention is to kill westeners,and they called infidels

The Golan was "occupied" when Syria controlled it.It is now part of Israel and where it belongs.

A new Iran in the making:O(

This is an insane arrangement of words; Syrian Military Intelligence.This means nothing! It's a sea saw battle that will never end.....unless, hmmmmmmmmmm!

maybe it means just that part of the world will be destroyed and then the rest of the world can live in peace once they are eliminated

Syrian "rebels" = Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists, of 9/11 infamy, well that is what we were told

Bottom line;America did not want to help the Syrian Rebels,So?the rebels turn to Al Qaeda,the affiliation towards Al Qaeda is due to obama,s undecisiveness,that is why the free Syrian army ,sooner or latter will automatically adhere to the Al Qaeda,terrorist organization with world-wide connections! like it or not the world will face a thougher job ,in eliminating Al Qaeda,because Al Qaeda is feeding the people of Syria,and open hospitals for the wounded and dying,what did the americans do? talk,talk,talk,talk.blah,blah,blah,blah,the voters of America choose a Excellent Talker;But not a doer!,even when obama raise their taxes?no one in america complained,,they the people that voted for obama is like to the movie:THE WALKING DEAD; a bunch of zombie-like sub-humans,with goulish,features,aching for a human fesh!,soon food the main supplement of the human body?would be scarce because messing our atmosphere,our oceans and the very air we breath;by the American militaries in their secret experiment,poisoning the very air we breath with :Air-Trails,mixed with chemical and biolodgical agents;with out the knowledge of the general public,and that is why the viruses and germs,adapt themselves to new body coverings no matter what chemicals are sprayed on them,another reason for cancer,and other unheard of viruses is on the raise! is?is because of the American,british,and french,secret experiments,in all our enviromental surroundings ! AMEN

The united States put in a gag order to Quiet the syrian crisis;due to no solutions are emerging,but only mouth talk or lip service from obama,he does not have the guts to start  an offensive for fear of Russian and Iranian missiles raining down on Washington,with the North Korean Rethorics,blaring;they will threaten to hurl atomic missiles at the United States?gave obama the jitters all over his muslim body,that made him have bad dreams every night!,if it was a Kennedy?he would send american troops immediately to the scence of the war zone in Syria to nuetralize the situation,and it would only take a week to bring peace and calm,in Syria,but with obama,s cheap talk?nothing is done ;to help the rebels,but then Al Qaeda took advantage of the situation;and send in their Seasoned fighters,because Al Qaeda knows they can reap a good amount of harvest by influencing the Syrian rebel movements,and in fact more rebels are adhering to the Al Qaeda terrorist organization! a harvest of men ,weapons and lots of ammunitions from the free rebel army of Syria!,to the Al Qaeda movement.in fact to be used later to start,a new confrontation,into Jordan ,Lebanon,Israel,and especially Saudi Arabia,and later the whole of the Middle East will be under Al Qaeda,s influence,a very severe blow to the United States,and the americans will look like,the under-dog for not doing anything for the rebels,of Syria,and the Western European Nation,s as a whole!,while China an emerging military giant rearing its ugly head,with Putins Missiles aimed at the United States,North Korea,s missile also aim at the United States,and threats from Iranian missiles too,its a big cauldron of mess,due to poor leader-ship qualities on the part of the obama administration.What America needs is a strong and brave leader;with no nonsense or fear of any one ;may it be China Russia,North Korea,or Iran. AMEN.(And the Syrian Rebels are dancing with the devil;because Washinton does not want to help the rebels,in which;the rebels,turn to Al Qaeda,for help,a big minus for the Americans.)

things are going fine, yeah,,,,70,000 dead moozies,,,,,go islam the religion of PEACE's

you got to fill for the syrain people. but it  is there fight libya , iraq. and afgan should have and I hope did teach us that they only want our blood and money and then get out.

I called it. When the rebels captured then quickly released the UN soldiers stationed near Golan I said it was to get them out of the way for an attack on Assad's goons in the area. I was proved right and the Assad loving filth that thumbed me down were proved wrong.

NO KIDDING! Once send, who knows where it will end up---look at the Syrian weapons....where did it all go???????" (Brits) He said sending arms to the opposition had to be weighed against the risks of "international terrorism and extremism taking root in Syria, the risks of Lebanon, Iraq, Jordan being destabilized, and the risks of extreme humanitarian distress."

The British are right, send no weapons to either side.  But Obama is not that smart, he sold hundreds of guns to Mexican drug cartels.sad part,they opened up combat arms/duty and soon to be draft for ALL glftgwm, the powers that be can't wait to sacrafice more of your OFFERINGS

Isn't this the same one they said the rebels seized weeks ago?The Al Queda "rebels" are losing because the world is starting to wake up to what terrorist they are and withdrawing support for them. The only thing left is for Russia to move in and kill all the terrorist.

They will free the Golan from occupation.

Whichever side wins, decent humanity will lose. I do not think the rebels are stupid enough too attack close to Israel, because in that case Assad may get help in the form of the strongest armed forces in the Middle East and tha may cause a blood bath. They will be wise not to do anything near the ceasefire line.

Supporting and helping jihadist terrorists will be a political suicide

Bla bla bla bla bla Killing Bla bla bla Bombing Bla bla bla raping Bla bla blaSame old-Same oldThis #$%$ will never stop-NEVER

I can't tell which rebel group Obama is supporting, but for sure the one he does support is not on the side of the U.S.

I am waiting for the toll in human lives to raise to 80,000 can't wait. More dead muslims is ok with me.

If these IRANIAN TERRORISTS are not defeated in Syria they will destroy the world !!!!IRAN is the BIGGEST terror exporter of the world !!!!!!!!!!! THAT IS A FACT !!!!!!!!!!

most arabs and muslims here are on food stamps go figureThe way to finish this is take Assads television and radio broadcasts and open peoples eyes to what he has done by forcing his loyal fighters to turn to a non cut non edited version of the news.

The way to finish this is take Assads television and radio broadcasts and open peoples eyes to what he has done by forcing his loyal fighters to turn to a non cut non edited version of the news.

'The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.' - Sun Tzu (The Art Of War)'All war is deception'. - Sun Tzu (The Art Of War). .  and'To gain a hundred victories in a hundred battles is not the highest excellence; to subjugate the enemy's army without doing battle is the highest of excellence.' - Sun Tzu------- So ask yourself; Who is actually winning here?The Syrian people?The Syrian rebels?Israel?The West?

I remember few days ago the UN peacekeepers is trying to evacuate syrian civillians but this so called syrian freedom fighters hold them as a hostages in 4 to 5 days,. And this UN peacekeepers was in armored truck and vans which is marked WHITE COLOR with UN black label on it.For me they are both terrorist at my eye freedom fighter or not they hate AMERICA!

let em kill each other...losers muslims

You guys are seriously nuts. Study learn about the world then you will realize that people... Human beings average citizens do not hate one another. You will learn that you are being feed an Islamic Boogeyman by the Military industrial complex. P.s. If you as a Government invade a land and kill its citizens they will hate that governments guts. IF SOMEBODY did that to you I dont think youd like them very much.

Allah says: Let no one interfere with Allah's Master Plan for the Arab Bnei Sharmootas!They will kill each other slowly, day by day, 100s after 100's. Allah 'Arab Spring Horror Show' began with Suria, then Lebanon, then Iraq and Iran!W. compliments from a Kafir.

The Russians/ Chinese/ Iranians  are NOT going to let Assad fall, the Russians have a large Naval Base there and Syria is their last base in the Mediteranean Sea , also they have cut a deal with Assad , that if they save his rear and keep it from getting kicked then they get Carte Blanche in Syria and can do whatever they want, so the Russians will move their entire Army/ Airforce/ Navy to Syria if that is what it takes to preserve Assad and Syria as it is. The Russians probably have Nukes on-board their Naval Combatants in case of moves on the part of Nato/US. Also China / Iran have interests in preserving Assads rule. So if the US is looking for WW3 then let them step up to the plate.

Who is responsible for Syria's conflict what you people think, Ever you people have think about how this started if you don't think now you will see the real face of them how are behind this their is always one wrong and other right this is how it works.

We liberated Kuwait very fast though.  Business prevail over value.  The hypocrite western U N will convene and reconvene, we love to Muslims blood flow.  After all, general costar is civilized and the red Indians were savage, right?  Maybe notFair and Balanced, you were right. Most of the commenters just want to catastrophize and bash.

If they want weapons to fight with, let them ask their Muslim brothers in Libya who do not need the UN supplied weapons anymore. Let Libya show the UN it wasn't all about the weapons but a free Libya. Libya is free. Now help free Syria like you were helped. Pass the UN donated weapons forward. Your brothers need them.

It's amazing rebels capture another baseThat makes one gazillion. So far

so  tired of sunni and shiites who cares. losers they are. get a job

Yes..Bring it on!All prophectic...Shakespear could'nt have conjured this up.Those rebels are not who some would want you to believe,that is why Assad is fighting the good fight.

Iran is the WORLD'S enemy !!!!

Iran is the head of a very vicious snake !!!!!!!!!!!! It must be decapitated !!!!!!!

can't wait till Israel start kicking a  s  s

Boring.

I raise my clenched fist and shout "Death to the terrorist rat Assad".Now I'm wondering what's going to happen in the aftermath of this.  What will the new Syria (which will obviously be rebel controlled) look like and how will it deal with foreign countries.

Who built those structures that are still standing?  What that the imperialist, Zionist-loving pigs from Europe who should die like the pigs they are as long as we still have DVD copies of Baywatch to watch?

Obama will sneak some more weapons into Syria, that will help.

The thug Assad-Iran's rabid dog- is going to be hanged with his entire family for the deaths of over 120000 innocent Syrians !Iran is next !!!!!!!!!FREE SURIA

Wag the idiot= al cia da patsys right out of lybia with thier new central banksters funding  nwo stooge murderers have announced when thier done in syria  and iran are bringin the 10000 cia shoulder fired al cia da missiles ( from bengazi) 2 the land o the stupid slaves soterrrrorrrrists can take ur freedom and homoland destapo s  will be happy to inspect and rape  and murder u evil white patriot terrorrrists  for the slimeeee nwo - ndaa and der drone murder fueher will be happy to kill ur fugly #$%$

The problem in Iraq and Syria was/still is that a minority population ruled over a majority population and used fear and intimidation to remain in control rather than bettering the lives of the population they were supposed to be representing. These types of inner battles are also religious in nature Sunni vs #$%$. The roots of what we call terrorism are also religious in nature. To Muslims it is not seen as terrorism but a religious requirement to rid the world of the enemies of Islam a.k.a. infidels or non believers in Ala and the prophet Mohammed. It is known as Jihad or Holy War. There is also a major behind the scenes struggle between Iran and Saudi Arabia. Iran being the #$%$ power house in the region and Saudi Arabia the Sunni powerhouse. The one unifying theme amongst these Islamic countries is ridding the middle east of Israel. There will be a battle in this region like the world has never known it is prophesied in the the book of Revelations in the New Testament of the Bible. Please prepare yourself for this day by giving your life to Jesus and you will not need to fear these days any longer.

you realize all this is planned its all in the bible hes coming soon people need to repent

Do the people of the Middle East not understand that they are having a religious war?

syria rebels- are i*raeli paid foreign  terorists-using us taxpayer s monry.

As usual, the jihadi you support today will be a thorn in your flesh tomorrowThis is because the west &amp; the america's uncle sam want(such policy or thinking or whatever else)to "Divide &amp; Rule". Same is the thing, they're doing in countires like Afghanistan.

Muslim people should neve forget those -WHO HELPED THEM-even -INFIEDELS!This is not war for religion -but -D I G N I T Y!Period!

Send no weapons to the muslims, be they sunni or shia.HERBF, 8 hrs agoOr to Israel

Muslim or Islamic extremism/fundamentalism the world over is legion. Also Assad' more than four decades' rule over Syria is disgusting.

Ssg, we are sending a drone to pick you up to take you back to the mental hospital. We know where you are.

Stay out of Syria,  there is no winning formula for the USA.  Both sides to this conflict hate us, let them fight it out to the death, then maybe the people of Syria can live in peace again.

Robert.Take your meds. You are decompensating.  I told smoking crack was gonna cause you a problem.

LOOK FOKLS!I'm sure that «Something gonna happen ...».LOOK TO THE YAHOO HEADLINES... EVERYTHING IS ABOUT SYRIA...!!West has a plan to attack to the Syria.

This story stinks ! The israelis must be helping these hapless rebels. NOTHING happens in the Golan without DIRECT ISRAELI KNOWLEDGE.The whole area is under night vision surveilance and even MICE have a nasty time moving around. What AREN'T we being told ? Hmmmm

He said sending arms to the opposition to international terrorism and extremism taking root in Syria, the wander of Lebanon, Iraq, Jordan being destabilized, and the risks of extreme humanitarian distress is the Gewish  NWO dreams"ARMING SYRIAN REBELS WILL NOT SAVE LIFES!

Israel WILL make a move! Keep an eye on the Queen...For the okay..

Assad is going to flee to iran or russia with the stolen money because he doesn t want to end up like gadafi of libya.

It's a no brainer to not arm these people, and then there is John McCain...

shabbiha militia = bloodthirsty Hizbullah mercenariesOh you Iranians !!!!!!!!!!! You will pay for this GENOCIDE against innocent Muslims in Syria !!!!FREE SURIA

And the bloodsucking Iranian Shia apostates keep on killing !!!!!!!!!!FREE SURIA

If you can imaging'...What's going on in Syria;You can times that by ten,for layeth ahead

The atrocious pictures coming daily from Syria proves that nothing is more honest than the fact that " all the weapons' suppliers -for Assad and rebels-  are war criminals "

I remember Ariel Sharon stating that if the Golan heights fall its over for Israeli security.And we al kow what happened to him...Ladies and gentlemen the resistors were/are being iced.Tehran is next followed by Russia/North Korea etc..

Hopefully Syria, White Iran, and Hezbollah militia can exterminate every Sunni wahabbi  Al-CIAda terrorist before Hillary, Obama, and the traitors from NATO who love to bomb people to help their Sunni Al-CIAda terrorist pals can rescue themisrael has already started moving out their elite kids to better lives in europe. the ones left behind to fight the upcoming war are the ones they lured from afar, neo-nazied up and told to build on palestinian lands. they will be told to fight for their land or die. zionism in it's final glory days. wake up world.

Iran is the BIGGEST terror entity in the world !!!!!!!!!!!!!LONG LIVE SYRIAFREE SYRIA

Bloodthirsty Iranian OCCUPIERS are nearing the end !!!!

Oh!a beatiful country ruin by the ordinate ambition of one man.What a waste?What a shame?

Yemen is the only Arab country so far to have survived the Islamist hijacking their revolution. They still have some problems, but the Islamists were beaten back.

Yawn, snooze

Many Arabs in the US hide their wealth while collecting food stamps.  I know teachers in a wealthy suburb who tell me the Arab kids show zero respect for the teachers.  This country is moving in the wrong direction by handing out money to those who don't need it and letting some of the youth of today take over the classrooms.

5 miles from land stolen by the Zionists. This should be interesting.

damn savages send in the drones!

syrian rebela re not syrians they are quataris soudis j8S paid by israel and un ! to destroy Syria ! for empire of is*rael !The Syrian "rebels" are the same Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists who were told did 9/11. Israel never helps US by attacking them, they even allow them to operate along their border in the Golan heights, but Israel does illegally attack the Syrians and Hezbollah militia that is fighting the 9/11 Sunni Al-CIAda terrroists

Iran is going to be annihilated by the armies of Allah if they don't stop the GENOCIDE in Syria !!!!FREE SURIABurn Iran !!!!!LONG LIVE ARAB REPUBLIC OF IRAQ

Annnnnd now it makes sense why Israel has such a focused attention on Syria the Rebels are also trying to reclain their land of Golan from the Zionazis!!! Fantastic I hope they win or at least cause a good dent into Israel that Palestinians can take advantage of to get their lands back or at least equal rights. P.s. MANY palestinians are still Christians ever since the 1st century! They are the original Christians and along with their Muslim counterparts decend from the Hebrews and Canaanites.

Hey sexy lady! Whoop, whoop , whoop, whoop-whoop,This is a major win for muricains

Why do so many people here hate everybody other than themselves? How can you not at least try to show empathy to people that are fighting against a dictator? I wonder if these people who post here have/had any friends in their life. If you don't know someone do you just assume they are bad people?

Until the U.S. stops funding the Jewish side, and stops giving them access to weaponry that their enemies can't buy or afford, the whole mess will continue to get worse, and America will be forced to send troops to clean up their own pile of horse-manure..... Since that will Never stop, get used to it.

this just in: who suffers the most in war? the kids! look, if the pen is mighter then the sword!! love is more powerful then any weapon!! project2025 listen to the children!!! gosophi!!!!

Smokey Joe, if you stop eating your all bean diet, there won't be any poison gas.

Bob, chill! We agree on the Golan and I am a hard core ultra partisan Democrat, Okay, now- why are you guys so grouchy? It's not good for your health, mental or physical.

Send them more food laised w birth defecting suplimentsIts a win win situation.. im all for the winner. Do not interfear. They know how to beat the other

Both sides are winning

Yawn, snooze

Jews are ignorant. Let these liberators fight it out.. there doing a great service to there own mo jo managment program

the jews are america's down fall, let them take them out

US supporting their Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists suicide bombingsGoogle “US Blocks UN Resolution Condemning Damascus Bombing”

I thought we were at war with al Qaeda. Are we now supporting then. At war not at war what the hell are we doing? Does this administration have any idea?

Near Jew-controlled "Golan Heights"...hmmm?Gee, Wonder which brood of the vipers is really behind thislatest murder scheme Matthew twenty-three, verse thirty-five,and John eight, verse thirty-nine through end of chapter???Pretty obvious!!!  Yes!!!

The Sunni - #$%$ divide was created by the Zionists and has been executed to near perfection. However, the tide is now beginning to turn. With more communications available, it is much harder to trick Muslims into fighting one another. Apartheid Israels days are numbered.

Even if Assad leaves, this will not come to an end. The hatred between these groups has got out of control. And this will come to an end when the "leadership" that got created by the Political Criminals in the west to aid their buddies in Saudi and Qatar, is taken out. Until you kill the leadership, it will keep going and going. And it is showing all signs of erupting all over that area. Iraq is almost there. Lebanon is only matter of time once Iraqis start killing each other. And Jordan already had issues with the same terrorists during the Arab Spring.And to make this all complicated, the Jordanians are using their established contacts with weapons dealers to aid these terrorists.USA should simply move to replace its friends in Saudi and Qatar. The game these ape masters are playing can and will bring USA to an economic destruction. With 330,000 million to feed and shelter, it will be pure starvation. The same will apply to EU as well.And please don't come looking for oil from here when it comes to that. We will not have any to spare.Another great achevement for the long-bearded,allah akhbar yelling#$%$-for-brain islamic,suni clowns.The pound was most likely wasn't even guarded or occupied by anyone.In the 2 years,they've seized as many places as they've lost just days after sezing them.I hope Russia and Iran gives some good weapons to Assad to blow those new british armored whicles,the terrorists will get from britain in the coming days,into a million pieces with all the suni occupants in them.