So very sorry to hear about this fire and we pray that everyone involved will not be hurt in any way !

smokey mountains are really nice and i feel for the people there! my prayers are with them.

Sending lots of prayers your way! Love the smokies and the great people that live there.

God take care of our "beloved" Great Smokey Mountains and anyone or anything in the path of this disaster. This will always be a "peice of Heaven on Earth" for me, my family and my friends; (a lifetime of memories and hopefully many more.)

right now it's pouring down here and hopefully it will all be out shortly. just wish it had started earlier. no injuries so far thank God.

The fire is off of Wears Valley Road in Pigeon Forge and does not affect the Great Smoky Mountain National Park.  Black Bear Ridge Resort was the most affected by the fire.

Smokey Bear says "only you can prevent wildfires."

Does anyone know if this fire is anywhere near "Dollywood" ? I have been in that part of eastern Tennessee, and have seen the highway exit signs to go to that amusement theme park, but I've  not been to Dollywood itself.I hate to think of not only those homes burning, but the trees burning...........it's SO pretty back there. One appreciates forests / trees much more when you live in a major city that has more concrete and buildings than nature (I'm in Southern California)

If you live in the woods, sooner or later you have to expect a fire. Fires are natures way to get rid of the weak and make room for new growth. Otherwise the forest will die of old age.

time share is like paying an apartment and not being able to use when you want to.We own a place up in that area... Look up "Blue Mountain Lodge Gatlinburg" on a search engine.. One thing about our place, it's NOT right next door to someone else...  350 ft to the closest neighbor and over 20 acres behind it of nothing but trees and mountainside.....  (something I would want if I was going to the mountains: seculsion)  Meaning it's not like this case and most cabins in the area were the cabins are 5 FEET AWAY from each other..  You can see that in the photos..   Hope everyone is OK..

The heavy rain we have recieved this afternoon have certainly put it out

We go to the area at least once a year.  We've even given a lot of thought ot moving there.  This is heartbreaking.  It's such a lovely area.  My prayers go out to the people of the area.

Beautiful area.Hope all people are same and wish you a speedy recovery.

Wild fires = typically some dolt starting a runaway camp fire

I posted that 'they should let loggers thin out some of the thick forrest  to help prevent large forrest fires" !A reply was ,"there is no thick growth left" !All I can say is "imagine that" ?

My heart bleeds for the renters for paying their hard earned money for the "mountain experience", but not for the owners and development companies whom have ruined our pristine resource. With no people injurred, I hope all these developments, naturally burn to the ground. Take your insurance money and get the hell out!

just adding a little smoke to the mountins

There are now 65 homes destroyed by this fire.  Blackhawk helicopters are dredging water from a nearby golf course to dump on the fire.  Fortunately, heavy rains have started here in the valley (Knoxville) and rain/thunderstorms are predicted for the mountains this afternoon and evening.  Hopefully, this will help the firefighters battle this enormous fire.

Wonder if this has anything to do with the prescribed burning that was to start March 11?With the sequester, I hope they have firefighters to put out these fires....way to cut vital employees.......smart president we have, isn't he??

Sounds like the "Great Smokey Mountains" will be a little smokier than usual.

Wildfire in the Appalachians in March...  get ready for one hell of a fire season America!

You know people, if it wasn't for the sequester, this fire would be out.......guess who.

60 cabins and 220 stills.

Interesting, if this fire was in California, the tone of the comments section would be much different.  Good luck Appalachia.

I wonder if Westgate was affected? Them crooks need a taste of loss for a change. #dontinvestinatimeshare

Prayers to them..I love the Smokies, love East TN. Stayed there for a while growing up.

Watched the Developers strip away the entire top of thi mountain located near wears valley and then stack up homes one on top of another for profit . Homes were about 20 feet from each other . I thought a mud slide would destroy them first. Feel for the people that were duped into paying to much for them , then lost them in the recession . New purchasers got a good deal and now Insurance settlements should show all of them a good profit. ain't life funney. Thank God for no Injuries.Bet Sevier County doesn't issue permits for this kind of construction anymore.

We are all so sorry.  That is incredible territory.  I hope you get your rain.Where there is smoke there is fire

My prayers the the people living there who got displaced an those who own property up there

I had my honeymoon at those cabins... This is really sad. :(

I'd like to know exactly where the fire was.

I was on Blackbear Ridge Way across on the next mountain and have some pretty impressive pictures of the cabins burning. If you would like to see them, let me have your email and I can send them to you. We started seeing the smoke at 4:15p.m and have pictures before, during, and after. We have a picture of one of the cabins callasping. Sandra

Look up "Controlled Burns." and see how they work.  You can also check out the national Interagency Fire Center that shows where fires are burning.  One important thing is to not provide a bunch of fuel for the fire.  Cut out the underbrush but leave the big trees.

i love the smoky mts.....been going there all my life...

God is punishing them for electing - McDuck in the senate

Sounds like much of area is not by, for, the native people but *development* by the insatiably greedy of probably east coast land developers. Millions of acres of america*s mort pristine, beautiful lands is being bought up by the1 percent super rich elite ruling class. Northern New Mexico, Taos, is now owned by the super rich. The Baca Spanish land grant above Los Alamos, magnificient, bought by US taxpayers, but if you*re not a $Millioniare, a fancy politician you*d better not even slow down driving Rd 5 by there or a gang of thugs will quickly be out to assure you keep on down the road.

..republican domestic...terrorism....Oh gosh! I hope it dosen't set fire to Dollywood!

The 160-acre fire was reported around 5 p.m. fire already and it is not summer in this country.

Save the moonshine!

Probably the most beautiful place in the USA, I have ever visited. Would highly recommend it, once the fire is out.

OK WHY would you build a house surrounded by a dense forest when you know that the forest burns down every 5,10, or 20 years? I am sorry for the people that have or may lose their homes but common sense has to come into play here. If I built my house surrounded on 3 sides with water do you think it might get flooded out and destroyed?

Beautiful country. Stay safe.

fire already and it is not summer in this country.

and america wants to go to war for israel.

I'm sure some lib will blame this on global warming.

WHAT!!  How come they're not blaming "Global Warming"??What a waste of a good crisis!!I HATE MEXICANS

Blame it on the Sequester...

..the republican ...War on Women ...continues......

republican deregulation...

..republican state, ...republican district....meth,. ...meth lab...republican tweakers.....

Aw, heck!!  We were just there a couple of weekends ago!!!

windy and dry, global warming

God will destroy the wicked untill they learn to make things right with his people.

Ever wonder why they call it the smokey mountains?

It's the great smokey mountains.... duh?A lot of good people work in renting and maintaining these cabins. The best of luck folks.

Well there's a reason why they're called the Great "Smoky" Mountains, after all.

No more Obama hands out to "wildernesses"if they cant fight their own fires then let them burnFote Tea Yee Haw!