Too many taxpayer billions have been wasted saving banks from their own greed and malpractice. Seize all bank assets, since have been already paid for, and redistribute them to local authorities.

Egypt just hung thieves from their feet in public. Its time to hang the thieves in the governments in public but from their necks not their feet.

Maybe  Britain want's to avoid being like Cyprus.

Passing the buck. So when things go breasts up they have scapegoats???

last week the goverment were taking back control because the planning applications were taking too long .this week they are devolving power and money back to the regions ,next week it will be taking the power and money back because of widespread corruption . .i'm not bothered really who spends the money , just get it spent and get the economy moving again ,creating proper jobs , not a few hours here and there in tesco's and the rest working in poundland for nothing .

Heseltine moved thousands of people from the Isle of Dogs and promised that when the new homes were built they would be the first to move back. When Docklands was completed the houses built were too expensive for the local people to move into as there was no social housing built. Docklands and the Isle of Dogs is an exclusive little club for the people working in the Docklands area, which is an eye sore with its tall buildings, masses of glass and the Blair dome just visible on the sky line. Don't be fooled by anything this unelected coalition promises.

Kent County Council will invest the money in dodgy banking schemes offering high interest rates and losing it all as they have already done with Iceland and Ireland instead of repairing all the roads. There is not a decent road in the majority of the county.Before we build new unnecessary infrastructure might it not be a good idea to repair the existing infrastructure to a high standard instead of the patchwork adhoc we suffer from now.

heseltine? another tory dinosaur with outdated,outmoded and cerebrally constricted outlook! its about time he and his like joined the other dinosaurs in becoming extinct!

We are only 29min into Monday has someone been hacking again or have MPs started working Night Shifts. ???

Does any of them know what they are doingIf the decisions are going to be made locally, then will MPs have more time to fight in the commons bar, and speed around the country collecting points!. (not theirs of course).

MORE of my money given to the greedy councils to stuff into their bloated pension pots. There's absolutely no chance that my potholed roads will ever be repaired, while Dozy Dave &amp; Co give the insiduous little shytes in council offices shedloads of our money.It will be much worse than bailing out the banks, at least they did lend some, but the councils will add it all to their reserves,never to be seen again. madness.

I think  this is worrying because far from there being big centrally governed aloof crooks you go to local government crooks who are much the same.

Asia's stock market has just opened and has started to Fall because of the Cyprus news. Exspect the same here later this morning. The banks will be looking more bailouts for our wallets. ???

In that case MPs could take a cut in salary cos they a devolving the decision making and resposibility. A formula for corruption too.

Yet more distraction from the main events. Stopping ALL Immigration, &amp; getting us out of the Corrupt EU.Thats what I want to read about, not yet more featherbedding for council fat cats.

Heseltine should don his Druid robes and feck off down to Stonehenge and hang around for the next solstice.

Amazing that Tarzan is still around when you consider that the thing that stopped his opportunity to replace Thatcher was concern about his heart.  I wonder if devolving potentially billions of pounds of public spending to local authorities and businesses will also make it look like the government is borrowing less.

From 2015 - so for the next 2 years we will just have to pray..

ah...the tory theory of private industry running the country...expect a lot less concern for public health...working conditions,pay and holidays...and in the not so distant future ,i think there will be an age restriction of the worker!Passing the buck. Making it appear that the local councils are responsible for the cuts.

So what are the LEP's doing.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ah nothing by the looks of it except trouser the taxpayers cash.

OH they are turning back to "Old Labour" economics now are they? Come back Keynes all is forgiven.

The answer to all of our problems is simple, we need someone in power that has common sense, and intelligence, coupled with a good understanding of financial matters! NOT THIS PILE OF INCOMPETENT,THIEVING,SCANDALOUS,DISGRACEFUL $ HY.TE HEADED BUCK PASSING#$%$ ENDS!!

So basically what they're really saying is that the Government is going to CUT public spending for important things like housing, transport, jobs etc, yet they'll still send billions to overseas countries? Flicking two fingers up at Joe Public, and not in a Churchill kind of way either.

Everything happens in 2015 it seems.

Judging from what my local authority are doing with public services (hospitals, schools, libraries) I very much doubt that any extra money coming their way will be put towards anything that will benefit the community. Perhaps they'll build more 'affordable' housing, and by that they mean 'shared ownership' where a 1-bedroom with will cost you 250k even though you'll only own 50% of it. Getting screwed from every direction at the moment and I don't expect this will be any different.

devolved to procurement contracts is what they mean!

Devolved where.......Europe?

2015 too late and the Conservatives will then be on the opposition benches.We need action now.The ONLY way to put the UK in to recovery mode.INCOME.1/ New legislation to stop tax avoidance and close tax loopholes is vital.Money paid in the UK and profits made in the UK should be taxed in the UK.This alone would get rid of the deficit and return the AAA rating.2/Winter fuel allowance for people between 60 and 65 and anyone earning above £25000 must be stopped .This should also be put on pensions and taxed so people who do not really need it will be paying 45% back in tax.But this would mean the rich would have to share in austerity measures and the cabinet.3/Foreign aid must be cut to 2 billion pounds .This is still generous as there are people in the UK going cold and hungry.4/Pension contributions tax allowance should not exceed 20% and be capped at £7000 per year.5/ISAS were created to encourage savings and should be stopped.There are many savings accounts offered with better interest rates and it is unfair that the lower paid save 20% on their interest when the people who do not need it save 45% on their interest.6/The UK is over populated and immigration must be reduced to no more than the numbers leaving the UK.Immigration must also be more selective and only English speaking and qualified people allowed in.7/To receive benefits people must have worked for 2 years unless they are incapable. Working as an apprentice would qualify.8/People who commit crime for money must have money taken away from them.9/The numbers of MP,s ,Lords and councillors must be cut by 33%.Government administration in the UK is the most expensive in the world and MUST be cut.10/The result of an EU in out election must be brought forward so industry can regain confidence.11/ Empty or second houses should not have reduced rates .Expenditure.1/The government must guarantee the first 15% of a mortgage so the banks can give 95% mortgages .Stamp duty should be stopped for houses of less value than £250000.The environment survey should be paid by the buyer as an option with the survey.This would create a housing boom and many thousands of jobs.2/Employers NI contributions should be cut to encourage investment and employment.Business rates should be capped for the next 5 years.3/The minimum wage should be increased to £8.50 per hour and pensions increased to £150 per week.This is not as expensive as it sounds as this will save billions in top up money [benefits] and help with a consumer led recovery.4/The government should give a date for the end of PPI claims .It is very important the banks come back to strength as soon as possible.The above should be done now before more damage is done.Give every taxpayer in the country £ 1,00 with the proviso that it should be spent on goods or services within 1 month, this will kick start the economy, much better idea than bailing out the banks or giving tax breaks to the rich

What worked in the past was Kensenism. What they are proposing is the oposit. Their buddys will all get rich though.

Its all in the small print, the movement of the money will shrink the central work force and go to local government and businesses to hand out. Are you not seeing the job losses in the process people, are you not seeing the privatisation of more jobs ion your local areas. I thought so.

So they have backed plans put forward by another of their Tory " Friends " Michael Heseltine a former Tory deputy Prime Minister.... More jobs for the boys then.... Kinda makes this government look corrupt...... Also when you drown you grab anything you can, and this government is"  Grasping at Straws " to stay afloat.

Is this so they can spend more money in the south and London

Abdicating responsibility to an even bigger bunch of tossers who work for the local councils-nice one

this does not appear to be about devolution since decision are still going to be made centrally. it can only be an attempt to decrease the funds by way of application rejection. in almost direct mirroring '',[[ The government rejected a proposal to make greater use of its existing powers to investigate foreign takeover bids of British companiesarguing Britain was committed encouraging open markets and inward investment'']]. In essence the govt is decreasing funding internally, and devolving power and control of investement [cash n' carry] ''externally, ergo refusing to scrutinize external bodies. So, looking at the two, the decisions cannot be because of a belief in ''devolution'' or a belief in decentralisation, or centralisation or scrutinsation. the common factor is ''where the cash is it?''. taking from the lower ranks [local governments] and from the higher rank [investors] for a short-term goal. but we all know what happens when businesses are deregulated, and what happens when social factors are in neglection= continous loss. however by the time the cost clocks-in they'll be out of government, and you'll probably have the same persons who are in agreement with them telling you how it's all ''conservative's fault''

Oh a brilliant plan, give more money to the wastrel local authorites and private enterprise snouts.Come on lads, there`s a new gravy train pulling into the platform.

what they need to do is establish some form of "Regional Development Agencies" with good  regional knowledge and strategic foresight to direct the money to worthwhile projects...oh no wait a miunute that was one of the first things the Tories got rid of wasn't it?

Yes!   Remove   responsibility from Central Gov  has two good points ! one ! if the schemes   float like a lead ballon!  Not Our fault say Gov !  two!  if it works !!  Oh  aint we clever !   say Gov !    yoOh good more ways to take public money and give it to Tory party donors running outsourcing companies. Nice job if you can get it.

Devolve, you mean more job cuts for the low paid. We are all in this together, my a#$%$ as Jim Royle says.

Judging by the pathetic performance of councils given funding to kick start the high street A'La' Portas with most of the money still languishing in council bank accounts, don't expect any quick or substantial results. And why wait until 2015? Oh, I forgot, we have to elect the Tories first to get these promises fulfiled. No chance.

Just finished reading a very interesting article in Private Eye on the subject of local authorities/private enterprise collaboration in the fair city of Liverpool, talk about what a carve up; I got the distinct impression that the back scratching club is doing very nicely thank you in Beatles land.

AND WHAT WILL THE LOCAL AUTHORITIES DO??, waste it on their own particular agendas !!, if it is a leftie council it will be on minorities, and trying to look good, plus paying massive salaries , and creating pointless jobs for graduates with degrees in subjects like 'peace studies'

It's got nothing to do with boosting growth. The government are doing this just so they don't have the responsibility for having to answer awkward questions about cuts and savings. Now they can blame it all on the local aithorities. I'm surprised the spineless and gutless MP's didn't think of this before. And this will be well-supported by the labour party - it means their pathetic excuse making machinery is already in place should they come to power and want to go through the same cutting exercises.

Excellent idea.... Let regions compete for residents and businesses at the local level. That will sort out the shirkers from the workers.