Does no one here remember a few years ago when North Korea shelled a village on an island they disputed the ownership of resulting in many civilian deaths? Does no one remember the South Korean naval ship that was torpedoed by the North killing 50 South Korean sailors also a few years ago? Both of those incidents were preceded by virulent rhetoric from the North about some training exercises that they wanted us to cancel.The question isn't IF they will do something, it's what are they going to do. They were never really punished for the above two outbursts and so are probably very confident that they can do whatever they want.

I do believe the next time they launch a rocket at anything!!! for any reason !!!    ,  we should shoot it down immediately!!!!  and stand our ground no matter what!!!!!In other words , show some balls !!!

oppenheimer was right,letting the nuclear genie out of the bottle was a huge mistake,we humans have not evolved enough

This #$%$ ant leader knows CHINA is the reason the US will never attack them.  So they will continue this BS behavior.

North Korea is a cancer on the face of the Earth.

The best defense is a good offense.

"Pudge" would be a jackass to put a warhead on a missile; it would be futile; we (or ten other countries) would shoot it down in a dozen different ways and the retaliation would be formidable. Instead, "Odd Job" the bowler wearing butler could wheel a suitcase 5KT nuclear device packed inside an anvil snare drum road case through the garment district on a hand truck and leave it in the bushes across the street form the New York Stock Exchange. Twenty minutes later our financial system would be devastated, three million people are dead, the Statue of Liberty and what little freedom you have left will become a thing of the past. They need to focus on the small stuff which can do us in just as good as the flashy high end systems. When it comes to nuclear weapons, a little bit goes a LONG way.

So we will intercept what they shoot from their potato launcher and turn them into french fries.

"U.S. will conduct environmental studies on three additional potential locations for interceptors in the United States"So let me get this straight...before we can protect ourselves from a possible nuclear attack (where each bomb could totally destroy and contaminate a whole major city for thousands of years)…we must ask the EPA for approval??? Does anybody else think this is ridiculous? WOW!!!

Of courseTyranny 101 Create a constant security threat so the public will call for their own enslavementDidn't that amateur say it was just a small country?  WHAT A DUMA55

Looks like it's time to send Rodman back to North Korea to get this taken care of once and for all. Only this time Obama is going to send Lady GaGa and Alec Baldwin and Michael Moore as well.....that should scare the rice out of Kim what's his face eh ?

Good news! and good that we do have defense in case Russia and China do go rabid on us? up until now it was politically incorrect to suggest such a thing? but anything can happen!

The very systems being deployed today to defend against a possible attack, were mocked by Liberal Democrats as stupid, a waste of $$, and highly criticized.  Thanks to the hard faught battles and the vision of Reagan administration 30 years ago, we have this defensive system today.  SDI has already saved countless lives in Israel.  TY Ronald Reagan.

They downright threatened to nuke us, good move on our part!

Strap Rodman on an ICBM and let loose!

"the Pentagon was initiating congressionally mandated environmental impact studies"You're building a defense system designed to protect against a nuclear impact on the continental 48 states.  The speckled-squirrel awareness program can wait.

i thought there was no money to do anything and that is why college reimbursements have stopped for vets and white house tours have stopped for citizens and park closures are taking place for sightseers...  so bad foriegn policy leads toadditional expenditures.   did i get that right?

Finally a real response. Keep building the defense system up. Reagan's star wars is what feared the USSR into financial ruins. You don't have to go to war to beat your enemy, just be better at preparing for it than they are.

"U.S. to bolster missile defenses to counter North Korea threat: Hagel"Well, it seems to me Obama Administration will attack this country before other countries have a chance!"reversal of an Obama administration decision in 2010 to stop expansion of the missile interceptor system at 30 interceptors."The democrat foreign policy has been if we leave them alone the enemy will play nice, what a bunch of fools how do these idiots keep getting elected?"The 14 additional interceptor deployments would cost nearly $1 billion"That's easy OB wants to waste another 2 billion on solar bull for what exactly, oh ya to pay off some more donors during the last election."environmental impact studies"f--- the EPA"steps taken by the United States would make North Korea's young leader, Kim Jung-un, think twice before acting on bellicose rhetoric."Why? we only encourage our enemies with our all talk and no action president... He and the dem's in congress have been all to willing to put our military out to pasture with the belief that all we have to do is demonstrate that we will not attack and our enemies will do the same... the fallacy of the liberal left.The right on the other hand has the proper response to bellicose dictators...Peace Through Superior Firepower! We have and will use the capability to return you to the stone age.

Another admission that Bush had it right......

Well, it appears the USA is in very deep doo-doo!  Our intelligent(?) government has already created an extremely vulnerable situation whereby we are not able to protect ourselves from a possible invasion of any type.  We have less planes, missiles, security and military.  The government is totally dedicated to caring for the illegals, welfare and 'special group' constituents and getting our weapons for defending ourselves.  They aren't concerned with our national safety.  Do you know North Korea has more hi-tech warning and security systems than we do?  They have more weapons, planes AND military than we do!  In other words, we are literally "sitting ducks".  If we would be attacked, do you REALLY think any of our young would join the military as they did in WWII?  Check the facts before making any comments!  Time to bring home our military to protect us, instead of other foreign countries!

I'm thinking that one huge bomb over north korea will change their mind and stop their threats..  And is much cheaper !  It used to be that when one country threatens another with a nuke attack , that was grounds for war...

Ambassador Rodman should get some remedial lessons on diplomacy.

Szilard, Wigner, Teller, and the many other physicists, when they looked under the microscope, in 1938, at a tiny pink speck of Plutonium that they had just created, they named it after Pluto, the god of death, something not of this planet, and they all knew it wouldn't remain a small speck on a microscope slide, forever.  The last time we tested M.A.D. was in the 60's, had it not been for Vasili Arkhipov, the Soviet sub officer, who  prevented the firing of a nuclear torpedo, we might not be posting here, so how will this new test of wills,  end?

The more practical course for NK would be to develop a battlefield nuclear weapon to use against an invading army from the south.  The ICBM route wouldn't be practical without the means to deploy dozens of them at once.

Wow we haven't been protected. We need more missile defences now. I was under the assumption that we were already protected guess the gov lied to me again.

China holds the leash on the north korean pit bull - they let it out on occasion as an offset to our relationship with our east asian partners - So it will be interesting to see how far they will extend the leash this time. A major conflict on their norther border would be a problem plus this is reigniting the promise of peace or annilation.The US holds those card for now, unless the "Kingfish" continues to decommision our ace in the hole.Hey, have a great day America!

Missiles near Russia.....that ought to make 'em mad.I would like to see the US send N. Korea back to the stone age!

Just nuke pig boy, fry his porky as and be done with it.  A good example is more valuable than some politicians' blah. . blah. . blah..

I wonder if the N. Koreans would be doing this stuff if Ronald Reagan were President at this time?   {Thoughts?}

The "president" of North Korea ( little fat boy ) walks into a doctors office with a monkey on his head. The doctor asks, " whats wrong with you" ? The monkey replied, " Gee i don't know doc, it started with a pimple on my rear end".

Where is he getting the money from.  I thought the cut in increased spending was breaking everyone.  Just another lie I guess.

Obama presidency,  is turning out to be more about “no we won’t.” Even more worryingly, it seems to be very much about: “Maybe we can… do what, exactly?“ The world feels like a dangerous place when leaders are seen to lack certitude but the only thing President Obama seems decisive about is his indecision. What should the US do about Libya? What should the US do about the Middle East in general? What about the country’s crippling debts? What is the US going to do about Afghanistan, about Iran?

INTERCEPTORS....THATS A GREAT IDEA....BUT IT IS ALL IN THE NUMBERS....THEY SHOOT SAY...5...WE SHOLD HIT MAYBE....MAYBE.....4......THEY SHOOT 10 ....WE SHOULD HIT MAYBE ....MAYBE ...7 OR 8...THAT LEAVES 1 OR 2 ...GETTING THRU...NOW TO ME THATS A BAD DAY...EVEN IF A FEW GET THRU....AND THEY WILL

Here is another news agencies paragraph that makes me want to add a few more protections in our backyard:  Ian Bremmer,  Thus far, the normal Chinese channels have not worked. The officials told me that China has resorted to unofficial contacts – through business leaders, informal contacts, etc. – to try to pass on the word to Pyongyang. Mao Zedong famously once called China and North Korea’s relationship as “close as lips and teeth.” Today, when it comes to private bilateral communication, it seems Pyongyang’s lips are sealed, and China’s teeth are grinding.How much help does China give N Korea: China has provided an estimated 90+ per cent of North Korea’s energy imports. Some estimates claim China provides 80 per cent of the country’s consumer goods and 45 per cent of its food. Beijing seems to have the power to unravel the North Korean economy.Why will China step in finally: Threat of nuclear war to within 500 miles of China’s capital.

obozo won't be seeking any grand resolution for our nations problems. It looks like Hagel is trying to pick up some of the pieces of obozos failed policy decisions...

Send Rodman back over there for some one on one. Get that boy some piercings...Dennis.What would Rodman have to say?

obamadrama cut the 4th phase of the european missle defense system and is calling it a bolster in missle defense?  the 4th phase was the part where russias missles would encounter resistance.  now there is nothing to actually protect europe...  obamadrama sure talks a lot for someone who does not know what he is doing.

This should of been taken care of during the Korean war in the first place.

Nk fat boy needs to remember, our guns ae bigger than your guns.

Dont we all feel a lot more comfortable knowing Obama canceled the BUSH missile shied batteries in Europe that was our 1st line of defense against rouge nations?

This was Bush's plan that BO previously rejected. And Guantanamo is still open and running. And BO has expanded Bush's use of drones. BO is more Bush like than people realize.

What would Rodman have to say about that?

What ever happened to the laser missile defense system instead of rocket missile defense system?

N Korea doesn't have any nuclear weapons left .They used them all in testing

By most estimates, North Korea will have the capacity to hit the West coast by 2016. Hagel's deployment of interceptors will be complete by mid to late 2017. Democrats, a day late and dollar short when it matters.Park a couple of Boomers in range and target every city that fat little rat could hide in.

How about some missile cruizers and attack subs off of their coast?

From what I understand Russia and China don't like America's missile defenses very much. Maybe they will decide to pressure North Korea and Iran in order to avoid having the USA ramp up its missile defense system.

But what about the sequester cuts??  OMG we are dead meat!!!

Why do we need to wait for these maniacs to attack us before we take action?

Hagel is gearing up for a ground and pound.

Kim is laughing all the way to his bed tonight. His BS has cost US a billion USD or more.

Too bad Obama pussed out on our European missile shield and stopped building it because the Ruskies told him to.

So was Bush right on something? Could the 44 already have been in place had Big O not stopped them?

I hope it's not those minutemen missile , didn't go up and come right back down in the Iraq war .What is a missile defense system going to do to stop a million Chinese

We are threatened with Nuclear war by North Korea and we get this? But yet The President say's Iran is 1 year within a Nuke...and we will do anything to stop them...why do we not show this dedication with NK?

So all Obama is admitting is that George W knew what he was doing. Iran and N. Korea are new threats? Helllllo

i'm more worried about OUR global elitists news agencies lying to us!

It would be cheaper to send 1 ICBM.

Great, so let's just let the NKs know that they have us worried!  I might have done this, but it would have been quietly.

The best defense is an effective offense... what are we waiting for.  If a country threatens us with nuclear attack... it should be minutes or even seconds before we respond with a nuclear salvo that would completely annihilate their ability to carry out the threat.

If North Korea were eliminated there wouldn't be that great need to beef up defenses plus for as much money as we already spend on the defense budget the defenses should already be beefed up.

Iran and N. Korea are so much smarter than we are.  They continue to stay in the headlines with their threats, and make the U.S. spend more money on defense, merely out of fear.  The pull strings, and we jump.  They are playing us and making us look like the guppies of the world.  As an American and former military, I am pretty ashamed today.

Seems to me, (just saying), a fella named Bush had these started in 2008, but alas, some dummy stopped the work, now we can spend twice the amount to have it completed, oh well, there goes wh tours for the next 5 years........Why don't you eliminate "the threat"?

North Korea needs to ask itself one question: Are ya feelin' lucky today punk? Well, are ya?

I have a better idea. MISSILE OFFENSE!

Israel proved that interceptors work on a single to a few incoming missles.But too many incoming and it was only 80-90 percent effective.

So the obama administration is now playing catch up? First, it decided to decrease the number of Ground-Based Midcourse Defense (GMD) interceptors—which are capable of shooting down North Korean (and other) long-range missiles—to just 30. The Bush Administration deployed the first interceptor in 2004 and planned on deploying a total of 54 interceptors. The Obama Administration reversed that decision based on “new intelligence” purporting to show that the ballistic missile threat is not advancing as quickly as previously thought. Sheez!

I heard he will check with the environmentalist first if it's OK to build additional missile defense.

We already have nuclear missiles and anti-missile missiles in Alaska. The new ones will be driving past the house just like the last ones and the warheads. Funny how some people respond that N Korea can't reach California. (I'd prefer that if Fienstien was home.) People keep forgetting about Hawaii and Alaska.

INVESTMENT ADVICE:  Buy shares in South Korea's Kiamu Paint Factory.  They make high-quality, weather-resistant white paint.  There's gonna be a HUGE demand for their white paint when North Korea is turned into a parking lot.

Next thing you know that camel banger Amedejijin or whatever will be selling the #$%$ missiles.  You have to exterminate all the roaches or they multiply.

No more yankie my wankie; Kim Jon Ill need food!If Moscow and Beijing don't like it, then maybe they should take the North Korean "leader" over their knee, or out back the wood shed.

Obama's secret plan (hush, hush):  Send Secretary of State Rodman to North Korea to sell them a few ACCURATE missiles.  Rodman has a solid relationship.  These sales could be taxed and that money that could wisely INVESTED (not SPENT) building bomb shelters in Los Angeles.  The word around Washington is that the President is already expecting this exciting program to create 500,000 new jobs - at least until the bombs hit.

Back in Dec., the DPRK launched a two-stage rocket that traveled about 1,600 miles before deploying what its official state news agency called a "satellite."Washington said "It's still a far cry from being able to deliver a working nuclear weapon to enemy territory like, say, the West Coast of the United States."I guess in Washington Speak, that means they're not worried about N. Korean capabilities. But they just thought deploying ground-based interceptors anyway, would make 'citizens' a little less worried

Experts say North Korea is years away from being able to hit the continental United States with a nuclear weapon, despite having worked for decades to achieve a nuclear capability.The years are going by quickly!

Lets hope Obama's policies didnt set us back too far in our defense stratagy. Still 2017 is a long way off.

boy sweet little contract there huh?  northe korea isn't going to bomb us or anyone else they aren't going to attack the south they're doing what they always do jumping up and down screaming trying to get attention that's it...  so let's blow a few billion bucks in Alaska just for the drill... it makes no sense none.

"U.S. to bolster missile defenses to counter North Korea threat: Hagel"And you see absolutely no problem with telling them this?Our government is run by IDIOTS.

Why use missle defense when you have an Obama charm offensive going on?

McArthur was right, we should of finished the job the first time!  Rearm Japan!

you guys have the floor I THINK WE NEED TO PROTECT AMERICA BUT WE DON'T NEED 30000 DRONES IN THE AIR AT ALL TIMESJust send in Rambo.

anyone remember obama unilaterally disarming missile sights? some of the eastern europe missiles would have shot down korean missiles before they leave the atmosphere. they would also shoot down russian missiles. obama just gave that program up. left poland defenseless. wanted to eliminate our nukes also. he got some destroyed. obama,= a risky scheme that backfired.

Cold War 2.0. The USA voters are buying it. No matter how hard we try. No matter how much common sense dictates we are being lied too; they continue to dump money into defense wantonly. The Defense Contractors love it. Citizens United allows for unlimited contributions to candidates and party's. Them, China, Israel, Pharm companies, banks; This is our new George Washington. These interests are what run the USA, not the will of the people.

Ahh, great, a way to justify more spending.

It is just a FACT, we would of already had the defense in place, except for Obama put a stop to that, at the beginning of his pathetic Presidency. Now we are rushing to get it done, before our enemies strike one of our allies, or potentially us. Just like with the 2nd Amendment, liberals don't think we need that Constitutional right, but one day they will realize, just how pathetic and ignorant they really were and most likely, still are!!!

I thought Obama and company said this was the stupidest idea in history.

obamadrama white house administration, all of them, are completely out of their league.  what have they been doing these last 5 years?  nuclear n korea...nuclear iran...pakistan nukes going to radical islams...egypt taken over by radicals as well but we still send them billions in military aid?  obamadrama is not just an economic mess, he is a foriegn diplomacy mess too!  maybe he should send them some dvds of himself so they "understand" who they are dealing with!!!

It must kill these guys to admit when Bush was right, after blaming him for everything else.

Yea lets just tell the world all about our defense system, where they are located, and the number of them.. that's real smart. They even pinpointed the one in Alaska just a few minutes ago on satellite on the evening news.. smart. reaall smart. Where is GW when we need him!

I could have sworn Obama said we already had this covered. And I guess the sanctions aren't working very well.Brilliant...lets tell the enemy what we are planning, exactly where we intend to deploy and that it will take us two years to do it!!! Idiots one and all.

Shouldn't this have been happening over the last couple of decades?

Yes of course. Lets tell the enemy what we are going to do and then tell them it will take two years to do it. Madness.

Why only the East Coast?!.. Why not all of America, Mr.Liberal Hagel?!... Obama's sad  Military

Stick a cruise missle up that Fat Turds but!

Thought they said they were working on a nuclear power plant. LOL

This should of been done along time ago without a lot of media hype, instead of spending so much over seas. This is defense the other is offense and offensive to the countries we boss around. Most of the people we back are not nice people just not as bad as their opposition. Let them wallow in their on problems and have a defense that protects us at home. The CIA's job is to let us know what is coming. Our military gets told what they can and can't do in these country which only puts their life in danger and does nothing to protect us here. It just protects the big businesses that have moved our jobs over seas. Let them pay for their own protection. we took over Iraq and Afghanistan in a very short time with a minimal loss of American lives. We lost a lot of people and spent a lot of money trying to shape them into something they do not want to be.

"We used to stack F\/cks like you five feet high in Korea. Use you as sandbags."- Clint Eastwood (Gran Torino)

did you hear that obama has sequestered the benghazi survivors and told them to say nothing or else.................  he is worst than nixon squared

next time they launch - we launch everything  it will be so beautifullllllthe chinks and n koreans are working together.

WOW, Barrack is now the Hawk

wouldn't it be smarter to install in S Korea and Vietnam, not that many chances if they plan just to blow it up in the atmosphere over California, a nuke that high will still be horriffic

This administration after occupying the White House remove the missile defense that GW had put in place and now he puts it back in place, this exercise of removing it and replacing it has cost the taxpayers $200 million. Just another case of voting against it before he voted for it

That's it, no more Jimmy Johns for the fat kid with the Mo Howard haircut.

well i don't see the UN saying anything this is their war you know

David and Goliath?We know how that turned out.

If one gets through, hope it hits Feinstein and Pelosi, be doing the rest of America a favor.

All they are doing is re-instituting the Bush plan that Obama had killed. After taking office in 2009 Obama decided to cap the number of interceptors for countering long-range missiles at 30. The missile defense program that the Obama Administration inherited from the Bush Administration called for 44 ground-based interceptors for countering long-range missiles in Alaska and California.I guess Bush wasn't the idiot that liberals claim he was.

Why don't Obama just go ahead and make the first and last missle attack on North Korea. Everything is in our favor.  Obama could kill two birds with one strike.1. We could knock out N. Korea entirety and never have to worry about them again. 2.  We could take the North Korea's realeste and trade it with China for our Debt to them. 3. After Iran and other countries see's our capabilities what we can do they will be scared to threat us and they will show us some respect. 4. Hagle is new in his positionWe would of already had our defenses in place, if the Obama Administration hadn't put a stop to that. Because, in their(Obama Administration/Liberals) idealist minds, they couldn't possibly see how North Korea, with nuclear weapons, would be a problem for America's allies, in the region(of N. Korea) and for America(potentially). So, now we are RUSHING to prepare... another strike for Obama, for being a p.o.s. President!!!

This is a red herring --  North Korea couldn't reach the West Coast.  But if you scare enough people, you can do whatever you want "to make them safe."

We can't afford to be dumb, WMD!

Thank God Reagan had the vision on this.

It is just a FACT, we would of already had the defense in place, except for Obama put a stop to that, at the beginning of his pathetic Presidency. Now we are rushing to get it done, before our enemies strike one of our allies, or potentially us. Just like with the 2nd Amendment, liberals don't think we need that Constitutional right, but one day they will realize, just how pathetic and ignorant they really were and most likely, still are!!!

If we already know what he going to 'announce' then why should anyone show up at the 'press conference'?

if N Korea didn't exist, the war industry would have to create it. . ."needed, swaggering little dictator for paranoid state -- sorry, Michigan job already filled".

Oh, you're gonna use that same missile defense system that that wacko President Reagan push so hard to get? You know, the one that Tip O'neal and the Democrats pushed so hard against. You know, that President that sat in the oval office in a full suit and tie and not the one with his pants down or the current one that's never there. That guy.

It is interesting that the Obama administration is doing this when just a few short years ago they eliminated a missile defense system in Europe. I guess Russia and Iran don't pose a threat.

this is liberal propaganda folks! he isn't capable and can't n won't nuke us!!!!!! are you serious????????does this mean we need to start building bomb shelters?

china - the real red menace. n.korea is only a puppet. watch out for CHINA.

They only have one missle left just got to spend money on un needed things.

Looks like another punt by the administration.

It would be simpler and cheaper to pull an Israel.  Covertly sabotage North Korea's nuclear and missile sites.

Does n.korea realize that if they we're to attack the u.s.before any of there missiles get here that boomer off there coast would have turned your country into a cinder.but do you think china would allow that in the first place.

Well so far ? banks don't work , phones Don't work , Internet Don't work !Good Job Obama !!!

If Kim Jung II, the supreme leader in N Korea, sends nukes our way, Sec of State, John Kerry, has been ordered to surrender.

Sooner or later, more likley sooner, the attact will be on our home turf. So much easier and cheaper for them to send one C.O.D.

North Korea won't have the ability to launch a strike for five years, but Hagel wants to put in the missile interceptors right away.  Hmm, seems like some one isn't giving us the fully story.Obama blocked the missile defense.

This is just another excuse for the military complex to appeal to your fear so they can spend more money on something we dont need.

Its a dog eat dog world we live in.

Korea's one nuclear bomb, that can't reach any part of the America's anyway,compared to the United States 7,000 nuclear bombs???  Well it's kind of likebringing a pistol to fight a 45 thousand ton battle ship..What is wrong with these people. Are they suicidal???

Obama and Hagel.  Now there's a pair who'll make the bad guys stop their evil ways!  I just know they're shakin' in their boots right now.

If we get in another war, we can not afford a boots-on-the-ground approach.It would be our ruin.  Therefore, it will be a nuclear war.  No question about it.Because Congress will not raise the money to pay for anything other.

I have 1 and 2.5 yr old kids, healthy and bright, they have loving parents with good incomes.  I'm beginning to see there is a good chance they will die young in a senseless nuclear war, and to blame is our species, not any one or two countries.  We've got to learn to be good stewards of the planet and ea. other, and we better learn fast.

It would be nice of Homeland Security actually was in place to protect the "Homeland", not intimidate the citizens of the "Homeland".

We can't ignore North Korea's threats. We also cannot ignore the possibility that another nuclear power is assisting North Korea in their goal to have the capability to strike the US. Any "expert" cannot deny this. I think a smart move on Obama's part would be to play that same hand Kennedy did with Russia and Cuba (assured mutual destruction). At least inform North Korea that any missile launch that has not been previously verified not to contain a warhead will be shot down immediately after launch due to their threats. We ignored threats and posturing in the past and came to regret it.

The US has to make sure Iran does not get nuclear weapons.Gee thanks! if ALASKA failed to intercept the missiles, will it land right into Canada. Does Canada have missiles shield with the US? North Korea, what are you?? nuts? Can the US and China and Russia and France and the UK joined forces by just go in North Korea and get over with?

Of course they are... N. Korea has earned its pay, scaring the American People so we would spend billions on some pathetic missile defense system, they doesn’t work. And thank god Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel was there to save us. Is anybody really buying all this?

Guess this is to notify China and Russia we are beefing up our defenses...wonder which one will complain first... they won't like the missiles at all...since they will nullify anything they had planned to lob at us...lol! First to gripe is no friend to America!

you mean theres a chance once again to feel the lift off of a triton class missile ? oh what rush !

This is an example of military spending that is actually beneficial to us for once. Unlike giving weapons to terrorists and cartels which is how our government usually likes to waste our money...

alright that ticks me off now they say our missile defense system thats been in place all these years is a flop ? and so now they will have them installed by 2017 okay what we going to do in the mean time ?  if they decide to attack next year or the year after that  duck &amp; cover ?

by 2017? what if NK launches tomorrow?

This is the hope and change the dinglebarry spoke of.We hope there missiles don't get through our defenses or there will be some changes around here.

not sure why all the hysteria?the bottle rockets we use on the holidays have more power than their missiles.

Build missile defense now do impact studies later. Funny, today we are back to Bush's plan, the one Obama said was worthless and it will take four years to put the Bush plan in place. We may have been a little safer on our own soil if we had stayed with Bush's plan and the missiles would now be in place and providing our citizens protection from both Iran and North Korea. I am sure China has a delivery system that they could provide either North Korea or Iran on a faster track than four years.So let me get this straight. Obama cuts security  and defense because of sequestration and now he has to get it back?

Wait a minute: North Korea and Iran are THREATS??? Hmm... News to me. Neither country has a working nuclear weapon or a viable delivery system, and both are quite aware that using such weapons against the US will result in their being turned into glass parking lots, with all that entails. Large regions of either country will be unihabitable for decades or centuries. North Korea may be a fool, but Iran certainly is not. Still, even a fool has limits, and NK has just about reached theirs, alienating their only close ally: China. As far as NK is concerned, I feel a "regime change" is in order, toute-suite!

Make my day, NK.

What defense do we have against a suit-cased in nuke through our unsecured borders?

Most Americans don't realize that one of our Trident Thermonuclear Missiles with their 8-12 warheads would completely devastate N. Korea. The only thing that keeps them safe is that the nuclear fallout would impact it's neighbors as would a miss if that were to happen. They know this so their saber rattling is just that.

Mo Money!

Is there any doubt N. Korea will eventually go the way of the USSR?

Why not negotiate with Israel to have a battle tested Iron Dome system deployed in South Korea to protect a trusted ally, rather than interceptors in Alaska and radar tracking in Japan?

I thought Dems wanted to cut the Defense Budget?

Of course they will stab America in the back, this is what happens to greatness, evil always jumps into the driver seat once things get going.God gave us a Constitution for this very reason. Gooooo with it.Now we know what Israel is going through with the Iranian program. Simple posturing, or overt military threats? Take them seriously, yes we should.

WOW!!!  His talking didn't work and Bush had it right.  Must be hard for Obama to swallow all that crow.

Now I believe this story.

Hagel munches bagel!

Why don't we give them a taste of their own medicine?

I think that we should send North Korea all of our nuclear tech in one big delivery. Say about 20 kilos of plutonium, NOW. Problem solved, even China (their 'masters') is not willing to do that. Tells ya something. Is China 'afraid' of North Korea?

This was suppose to be done under Bush, but Obama stopped it. Now he flip flops and it will be 2017 before it is operational. Sad part is now it will cost us an extra 240 million because Obama is always leading from behind.

Obama in 2009 pulled out our US missle defense system on the west coast that was put in place by President Bush.  President Obama totally rejected the plan, and yanked it.  President Obama then in 2010 stated in a letter to Congress that N.K. was not a threat.   FACT

gotta love this stuff....North Korea....really? You know the culbrit is China......just like Reagan usd star wars against the Russians.........

"Hagel said the Pentagon would add 14 new anti-missile interceptors at Fort Greely in Alaska - an effective reversal of an early Obama administration decision..." Good work Obama! What other defenses have you removed?These systems wouldn't be the result of Reagan's "Star Wars" initiative, would they?

Tie rodman to the missle defense  and he can screww them all

Yeh, that's that Star Wars stuff of Reagan.  Wasting money and it won't work.  Oh...but now North Korea might try to hit us.  Might take out California and George Clooney!   Different story, isn't it?

Never mind the possible war,  Yahoo is back to their old page layout.  But how long will it last this time.  Yes, let Yahoo know you like it before they change their mind.

That whole "Star Wars" thing doesn't sound too bad to the libruls now.

I thought I heard Joe Biden laugh hysterically in the Vice Presidential debate when Paul Ryan talked about North Korea as a threat??If Joe Biden wasn't acting like a blithering fool during the debate, then why are we now bolstering our defenses against North Korea??

why haven't the clown president obama act quicly agains the treat nk made to our country, this really bring a shame to have this clown as a president who can't fix anything but ruined our country.

...Hagel has made it public knowledge the fate of the country rests in the hands of the EPA...ha ha ha ah aha ha ahah haha we're all going to h*ll.....

20 years too late.

Hagel looks like he might have a drinking problem, or he smokes a lot of weed.  There's just something not quite right with that guy.So obviously the bill clinton arse kissing and sending jimmie carter to blow kim jung il didn't work out so good.

You liberals sure you want to disarm Americans at a time when the World thinks we are weak under Obama?

Obama cuts our military budget to shreds and then he wants us to think he's preparing for anything those pesky (and looney) N. Koreans throw at us?  Gimme a break.

Great...we'll be ready for North Korea by about 2018 or so. I'm sure they will wait for us. It's a good thing we placated the Russians by stopping development of the missile defense systems 15 years ago.

I doubt they will give us time to intercept them, they might even shoot dummies first then shhot off the real thing wasting all of our shots. Here comes another one.

At least we will be able to shoot them down if they try, living near a big city might be a risk, is it 3 am yet?

"To stay ahead of the threat."  We were ahead of the threat untill oblunder and the libs cut those defences back. Apparently "the worm" meeting did'nt help that much. Maybe "hanoi jane" would have worked better,...she got along fine with the commies.

If Ronald Reagan was president he would pay with a couple of  selected sites laid to waste as a warning.

uh... bolster, beefing up? I thought they always had it ready........Or they trying to find a reason to spend our tax money?

QUIT TELLING EVERYTHING on our Military Strategies. Do you guys decide something then call the Media so they can let the enemy what we are doing or what we are going to do!!!!When N Korean nukes the US, Hagel will blame Israel; Kerry will round around the senate with a white flag asking, who are we surrendering to? And Obama will use the same retaliation methods he used in Benghazi, NOTHIING.

Why even bother with a missile shield?  If they want to get a nuke into the U.S. all they have to do is tuck it inside of a bale of marijuana.

This is unexpected from any of obozos administration, it makes to  much sense...

So after the US gives away missile defense systems to every country then what are we going to do when they say they don't need us any more?

This is an unexpected move from obozos administration, it makes way too much sense... If this was Hagels idea and his support for Israel is sound, I was wrong about not supporting him.

Obama thinks they are over a year away from being any threat, I hope he is right we can't afford to be wrong. These Obama goes again kicking the can down the road again, how about this one time picking it up and drinking it while we have time.

The libs must really be upset that we are entering a new Cold War under Obama. Duck and cover!  I guess President Bush was right.

Don't we have a bunch of empty nuclear missile silos. Seems they would be perfect to put defensive missiles in.

The Mainstream Media is scrambling to assemble the rationale for Obama's quick reversal of policy.

We don't need defense missiles to protect the West Coast Liberals... just ask them... they think our military and defense spending is useless.What are Kim Jung's pimps the Chinese saying about all this?

You mean the very same missile defense system the Democrats have tried to block for the last 30 years?

Thanks North Korea.  Missile defense is everything.

It doesn't matter if N. Korea attacks or not. I almost hope they do so that we can destroy them.

we would have been safer already with 44,being an Alaskan makes you a target,and that is scary..

Judging by the comments from both democrats &amp; republicans here, we are truely devided and the N.K. and Iran knows it , that makes the U.S.A. an easy target !

send obama to north korea

And why don't we just roll in there wipe it off the map ???Everybody was for it when he was part of the "AXIS of EVIL".He's there and he's actually got them !!! And we play possible future defense ???

What does rodman think ?

1st strike, last strike.  Next!Gee  not prepared already???? OKY-Jelly LUVE it 4mo yahoooooooooooooooo

I think even China would like  to see the North go away.

The real missle defense for Korea can not be seen as it is lurking under water in the form of a SSBN and SSN.  North Korea will never realize what hit them.  We can show force by letting them peek at a few mini land based systems, reality has it the big boys and girls are under water a thousand miles away.

Eventually, all GWB's plans will be re-instated, as they should be.

In place by 2017. Great. Maybe Kim will postpone a launch for another four years until we're ready. Do you think?

All those west coast liberals that think they know more than our military professionals had better be digging air raid shelters. They will be yelling the loudest for the military to help them after they've been second guessing them and eroding their authority all these years.

they do not have an ICBM. and if they do it's China's fault. China and Russia stand to lose with more nukes in the world, especially crazy Iran...

wish we have a president like reagan who have the ball to act quickly and send a missile into the fat boy bed just like the one reagan send to khadfi.

Classic..... Obama idealistic and ideological decision, along with fellow idealist Democrats STOPPED, what Bush had already put in motion to go. A missile defense shield, for protection from Iran and North Korea, but when Obama came into office, he along with his followers believed the world had changed, for the better and everyone would be our friend. So with this ignorant world view the Democrats and Obama stopped the missile defense program, in favor of more food stamps and Democrat government handouts... leaving us and our allies extremely vulnerable. Bu, now Obama sees the wisdom in the missile shield program and is trying to get it going again, after having to see that his idealist world view is ignorant and wrong. And this can be applied to a lot of Obama's policies and the new goal of his, MORE GUN CONTROL. How long does it take for these people to wake up and realize they are just f#cking wrong... GET THE HELL OVER IT AND MOVE ON!!!

Obama is becoming famous for ignoring critical foreign crises until too late. Hagel just took office and BAM! Suddenly we need to put 14 more nuclear missiles in Alaska.  Apparently Hagel got though to him where Hillary gave up.And the paranoia, continues to spread.Sorry but America is sick, disturbed, nuts, freaky.They create enemies and then have to worry the whole time.If they knew how to make true friends, they wouldn't have to spend so much time and money building weapons.What is even worse, the America people are "BRAIN WASHED" from Washington, and believe it all.More of your tax dollars wasted under the false pretense of "FREEDOM".

Too bad we have a president who is more concerned with hanging out with Tiger Woods and George Clooney, than he is with national security and running the government responsibly.

What Obama doesn't realize is he's up against smarter people than he is...Kim Jung On, Achmenedjad, Castro, and every tyrant in the Middle East...he's a lightweight in a Sea of Middleweights.

Cuts to our military, reduction of our nukes to equal Russia's nukes, a Sec of State and a Sec of Defense with little resolve, Obama's apology tour, the Benghazi disaster where 'swift retaliation' was promised but never occurred - are signs to every tin horn dictator that the US is weak. They believe we are vulnerable and that we will NOT retaliate.

Well what do you know, Obama blew it and now has to bactrack on missile defense.  Hate to say we told you so but....we told you so!  Not only that, we told you so decades ago.  Remember Ronald Reagan, the President liberals love to berate as a clueless doofus?  He saw clearly all the way back in the 80s that North Korea was a serious threat. That is why he included them in the Axis of Evil and proposed missile defense to protect America from them.  So why is it that the clueless Reagan could see so clearly what was utterly invisible to the liberals' messiah, Obama?  Maybe Obama isn't as omniscient as the fools who worship him would like to believe.

joe bitme said to buy a shotgun just buy a shotgun and you will be fine

Say thank you to the  koreans, Boeing, Lockheed and all the rest of the arms makers.

If america gets hit then it will be a tough lesson learned.We should NEVER have been there in Trumans day and since.50,000 american men lost and money wasted, so they can sell cars here ?

Kick the bomb down the road and deal with it later when they have one.

But the budget cuts...?Why are you telling the #$%$ what we are doing? And when. Hagel is a complete idiot, like his boss.

fear

Lead from behind barack holding true to form.

stand back or I'll shut the sheriff, Nk must have seen blazig saddles gundam style

The Mouse that roared.

if NKorea gets a missile that can fire from a sub,we may have some worries,they have a fairly respectable submarine fleet,its pretty freakin big really considering the size of other countries sub fleets,it could pose a problem,still,they have to know,it starts,they burn

"We used to stack F\/cks like you five feet high in Korea. Use you as sandbags."- Clint Eastwood (Gran Torino)

it doesn't take a Rocket Scientist or a Politician to figure out that Iran is helping North Korea to refine Uranium for nukes. North Korea shipped missiles from China and Russia to Iraq and Iran during Desert Storm II. With the two helping each other we may see WWIII in our lifetimes.

Precisely why Hagel should not have been confirmed, strategic planning isn't in his resume. We have overlapping layers of first strike capabilities that negate this hollow threat. We really do not need to spend two hundred million dollars to bolster our defences in Alaska to counter North Korean posturing.

..."counter North Korea threat: Hagel"...  What?  Now North Korea is threatening us with another Hagel?Should the US be spending this kind of money just because a little fat idiot in N.Korea shoots off his mouth?

North Korea will make their move sooner than we think.

What we ought to be doing is sending the 1st Infantry Division to Korea in preparation for an invasion of Korea. Kim Dung ill has declared war on the US. Give the little fat pudgy dictator what he wants.

Obama is going to apologized to Kim Jung Un about the Korean War. An as* kissing tour to prove again, Obama leads from behind.

How much is Obama spending on toilet paper this month ??? He's gonna need it.

never heard any conservatives complain about this before, but now that Obama's doing it, now they complain, which just keeps telling me no matter what this man does, the neo-cons will whine. and they wonder why we call them the party of hate.

How would we know if they have developed stealth capabilities? We could become sitting ducks thinking they don't have it.

Dummy missiles don't have nukes, how do you tell them apart. What about suicide bombers, suit case size?

Let's all hope this is not too late.  Anyone with half a brain could have seen this need many years ago--but Obama ignored it.  By the way, Bush did too, so I'm bi-partisan in this.

Defense missiles in Alaska..wouldn't Japan have been a better choice, as in closer to the source...after all once those missiles get up to speed (mach 2) the chances of hitting them is actually pretty slim.just bomb the fat porky pig and nuf said - move on clain their land and no more problems or issues regarding this fat port

Obama's message to RINO Republican Hagel...("psst Chuck...do something that will  make you look tough"...but remember, we still hate Israel")

i think pistol packing fienstien needs to build up her defenses after yesterdays smack down

Are these the same weapon systems that the democrats were screaming about and making fun of them when President Ronald Regan put them forward ?The democrats sure have a history dont they.

How did a #$%$, anti-Semitic, loudmouth get a name like "Bagel"?

hillary clinton wants the white house and what gets her in a WAR WITH NORTh KOREA

Really?

Seems to me the NKs showed more capability than we were admitting to.

"He said the additional interceptors would be deployed by the end of 2017, but did not say when their deployment would start."?????That should make everyone feel safer.

should have given the leader a call and set up a game of horse everybody laught at rodmen as being a nut it could have saved billions of dollars down the road and possibly a warnot unlike sadam hussine if there was direct communications with him he may have not attacked Kuwait knowing are intentions if he crossed that line and saved many lives and trillions of dollarsIt must be embarassing to Obama to acknowledge that the strength of the defense shield needed to protect our country is what Bush had originally estimated. Better to know now thanlater

News flash...we've had everything we need to intercept those in SOUTH korea for decades. Sounds like a way to waste $.

I say add THOSE INTERECEPTORS in any place we can-----Beef it up right now as the threat from the un friendlys is only going to grow worse!!!!

I think this just sabor rattling; our leader is using this to take the focus off the mounting debt and his falling approval rating.

If you push a rat into a corner, he may just spring for your neck, when you least expect it.America just loves picking on other countries.Truth is, America is its own worst enemy.

i certainly hope that missle defense has an offensive component

We don't need more defense, if we wipe them out, now.

Geezus...doesn't the US public ever tire of fear peddling? North Korea has missiles..big deal...so does China, so does Russia, so does Pakistan, so do the Israelis and Europeans and probably the Iranians and who knows who bought or stole from the Siberian arsenals..but the US Pentagon must be fed.....

N. Korea really doesn't want to attack. They want to provoke the US into doing it so they have a reason to be militarily/politically aggressive. There's no reasoning for it. They are just a sad, angry little country. They have these grandiose visions of a type of greatness they will never achieve as a speck on the globe.

So Obama screwed up and now it is going to cost us that much more to cover another one of his stupid decisions.GW was right.

If we have to add more missiles for defense than I would think they should have been there to begin with.

Fearless leader is costing US money- war games is costing US money..Please  spend your own money , not ours !

Oh c'mon, Kim's comments were clearly meant for local consumption. He might be a bit weird but he ain't totally stupid. Certainly not so stupid as to fail to realize that he and his would be glowing in the dark were he to pursue such path. Note his recent silence! Y'all conservatives gotta stop being so paranoid, and learn to freaking spell for christ's sake. Are all conservatives lacking in even that most basic of education?!

obama will get another chance to fail with iran on nukes.  hopefully israel will take care of that problem for us since oblama doesn't have the brain or balls to take care of iran himself.

Be prepared. Good move.

Beefing means  spending...now  #$%$  is  that  about?

Simply an excuse to spend..

I don't think we have to worry about a North Korean missle, but a suitcase nuke could cause some headaches.

Now we have North Korea on the run like we did Al-Qaeda (at least prior to 9/11/2012).Because of the sequester cuts we cancelled public tours at The White House and the military is suffering huge hardships, so says Obama. But Obama is going to ask Congress for almost a billion dollars to fund more anti-ballistic missile intercepters?? Don't get me wrong, I am in total agreement with Hagel's pending request but this is just another example of how full of it Obama was during his sequester fear-mongering tantrums.

Uh-oh.  Looks like more furloughs for the Pentagon staff...

Sweet well America ! BO has our back, The white house says N.Korea will have a missle in 2016 and the missile defense will be ready in 2017.

Well that's fine but an attack could come from a number of other sources such as a ground hugging low and slow flying drone, like the one we delivered to Iran for example ........without being forewarned, we're sitting ducks.......roast ducks.........

Jay Carney said that the United States is clearly prepared to defend against N.K. threats.Do you believe anything Jay Carney says?  I don't.   He doesn't even lie well.

have to keep that military industrial complex going

Why oh why are we broadcasting our military strategy, yet again?  This gives NK key info, will not serve as a deterrent to NK's aggressiveness, and is unnecessary to calm the public.

If our government had done as good a job keeping missiles out of this nation as they have keeping jobs out this would not even be a discussion right about now. Honestly though with illegals killing over 10,000 American citizens each and every year for the past 15 years anyone who knows anything underatands that illegals are more affective in killing off Americans than missiles anyway.

America stirs up more s... in the world than anyone else.

another excuse to keep the military industrial complex jobs program going.what happened to diplomacy?  i guess the great god obama failed...just like everything else he tries to do!

Sure hope NK doesn't do anything bad in the next 4 years while we are getting ready to defend ourselves.

Obama is the one that defunded the programs that put our missile defense program behind in the first place! Now we have to play catchup if we can before that nutjob N.Korean lobs an ICBM into California. If it happens I hope it lands right on Pelosi's porch with her at home and Feinstein visiting!

Fourteen interceptors added in Alasks by 2017, then totalling 44 deployed in Alaska and California. Gee DC wonks, do ya think the NK nucs and delivery systems might be operational before 2017? And, better hope that the NK and Iranian technology is not MIRV weaponry.So, now the Dems are officially funding support for missile defense that Reagan advocated three decades back.

Another billion dollars spent.  So much for cuts!

There is no real threat here to the US other than if the fat piggy NK has for a leader decides he wants to use his army to intercept and delivery to his palace truckloads of fresh doughnuts.  Heaven forbid the police in this country don't get their sugar fix.

Korea's one nuclear bomb, that can't reach any part of the America's anyway,compared to the United States 7,000 nuclear bombs is like bringing a pistolto fight a US battle ship..  What is wrong with these people.  Are they suicidal???

Oh joy....the nearest target would be California!!!

Ocraappa. There he goes again.

There is no N Korean threat to the USA.Dennis Rodman told usobama the war monger loves to kill people don't he.

Too bad Mr. Obama lost valuable time by halting the Bush program, leaving us to some extent unprepared and exposed. His motto seems to be, "Trillions for social programs, but not one cent for defense." Let's hope and pray this isn't a fatal example of too little, too late.

OOOOHHHHHH another boogieman

I think the N.Kores are bluffing.  America is NOT their target.

One sentence...(1) mexican boarder ...

Korea's one nuclear bomb, that can't reach any part of the America's anyway,compared to the United States 7,000 nuclear bombs??? Well it's kind of likebringing a pistol to fight a 45 thousand ton battle ship..What is wrong with these people. Are they suicidal???

I thought we were broke?  Oh...just too broke to keep old people alive.  Not broke enough to cut off the Military Industrial Complex.

I found it modest troubling watching his press conference announcing these plans. His hands were visibly SHAKING when he was speaking. This does not bode well,since the North Koreans also will watch this and take notes.

obamma said bush was wrong about this so he stopped it three years ago now he thinks we need them , if he hadnt stopped it they would be reddy now not in two years .....once again he is wrong and late

I'm so glad we have this fuzzy-minded, quasi-pacifist in office now that North Korea is threatening us.  Thanks Barry!A new site on the East Coast is long overdue (just by common sense!)  It make you wonder why the East side has been ignored for so long though?

What if North Korea or Iran strikes before 2017, what will the future defense do about it.????

I find it amazing that people want to go to war, for any reason, but they don't or won't go themselves.  They are called "Armchair Generals/Cowards."

WAR is war, and you watch`   if the Korean idiot sends  rockets towards us,    do you think for an instance. that he would worry and avoid to  hit civilians ??   IGNORANCE IS DANGEROUS TO ALL OF US HERE !!!!    ....this is not Dysneyland movie,  this is reality.even if korea does not engage in  an attack to us,~~&gt;&gt;WE NEED TO BE ARMED, AHEAD OF OTHERS, AND READY !!! FEARED !!!!   THERE WAS A TIME, IN WHICH  NOOO ONE WOULD DEAR TO TOUCH AN AMERICAN !!!  ..... of course ~~&gt; way before the hippies ...  I think we are in danger here,  and on denial ....

This is bunch of bull!!! First of all, destroy their nuclear missile facility NOW!! in that way we don't have to deploy any anti-missile interceptors anywhere...we now living fear....destroy them before they destroy us!!

All the "North Korea will never..." have become "North Korea just...".More sanctions?lol   Now, North Korea is making as many nuclear bombs as possible, we sent them in overdrive.  Everone understands there can be only one outcome.  North Korea just shot missiles into the Sea of Japan to warm-up.How many more bombs will we give them time to make?    How many more megatons will we allow them to gain?   America has time.  South Korea does not.   Time is nothing to play with.

Bolstering to help the South Koreans while putting the K.O. on the missile defense in Europe. The missiles from North Korea won't be the problem, its the 1.5 million soldiers that could invade the south in a matter of hours. This is just a hopeless attempt from the Obama admin. to show strength.

How many times have we said, When are we going to take these lunatics seriously? And allways got the same answer...  North Korea was all talk. Ask the South Koreans if you think they are all talk. If we are building up defenses on the west coast you can bet theres something we arent being told.

OH Great!!  It is going to take till 2017......Thanks a lot Obama.  Instead of blaming George Bush, maybe you should look and what he was doing right.

Why were these missiles not installed earlier, lack of foresight?is Obama going to reinforce our troops in korea Or is he going to let them be slaughtered. were out manned 100 to1

No mention of Obama being against Bush's missile defense program and shutting it down after his was elected.  Now it will only take 4 more years and another billion.

So...in the 80's and 90's liberals said that missile defense wouldn't work and called it "Star Wars" as a derogatory term. In 2001 Senator Obama said he does not believe in missile defense. In 2009 New president Barack Obama cancelled the missile defense system that was being deployed. Now that it might be needed, Obama and the liberals cry "I want my friggin' missile shield now!"

Why does America always need an enemy?If it isn't this country then it it is another.But they always need some one to be the bad guy.

The biggest question I have is: How can Obama blame this threat on Bush?

Do we even have any U.S. missile defenses left?  Obama has been systematically tearing them down (especially at Russia's behest) since the joker stole the oval office.

So President Obama's concessions to the Russians in 2009 now put us in jeopardy as the North Koreans come closer to delivering a real nuclear threat.

obozo would dance a jig if we got hit by NK,he hates america and all white men

Putin's going to be PO'd at Odrama for this. You promised flexibility!

this country will get what it voted for...if its attacked blame it on the stupid people that voted for this idiot we have for a president who by the way would love nothing but be dictator to this country.Yea right...  Putin is going to allow that!! Notice how the whole 'STORY' omits any reference to Russia??

You mean the Democrats are actually going to USE Ronald Reagan's STAR WAR PROGRAM?   I am shocked,  I tell you shocked.

Obama commented today at the press conference, ...."if North Korea strikes, give Jay a call...he can reach me on the course with Tiger"

Obama's Yellow Spine Doctrine has set the world stage for rogue nations to acquire nukes and start pointing them in every direction.  Obama's Yellow Spine Doctrine is his Hallmark Achievment of his two terms.

"We used to stack F\/cks like you five feet high in Korea. Use you as sandbags."- Clint Eastwood (Gran Torino)

Probably be a lot easier to pump a few missiles in, than it will be to keep the North Koreans from sending their missiles out.  Of course, a few B-52's can probably just drop it on them. Then lets see how long it takes them to crawl out from their holes.

Who says the fat little monkey will use a missile? It could walk right acrossed the Unguarded mexican border!

Nuke those mother Fo*king terrorist thugs BEFORE they nuke us!Republicanism forever !

By 2017?   Wow.  Would think that this stuff would be in place already.

What ---saqber ratteling ?   Its not even near election time  :(So all the Anti-North Korean Propaganda thats been all over the news is just to sell defense contracts. This all sounds a bit fishy!

The idiot in the White House stopped our missle shield program on the West coast. Here we go again. Everything that's (supposed) to get done by the idiot is always after the fact. He allowed our ambassador and others to get killed, then announced we'll get em. Yeah sure you are. The idiot in White House gave thousands of assault rifles to the drug cartel in Mexico, then swears "we'll get em". Yeah sure you will. WAKE UP AMERICA, YOU'RE BEING TAKEN DOWN BY AN ISLAMIC TERRORIST.

Russia;China; and the United States know that if nuclear war were to happen, civilization would cease to exist. North Korea and Iran don't seem to grasp the ramafications of what would happen. If Iran thinks that the holocaust was 'made up', they will know first hand what it is, if they start messing with things they can't control. And the rest of the world will suffer because of it. because of 'treaties' that were signed by all countries involved. each would be forced to 'join' the fight. the radiation alone should more or less take care of anything living around the globe.

San Francisco and Los Angeles have a lot of old WWII battery bunkers along the coast. Why don't we convert some of these to missile launch sites? Closer to where our populations are.

The new missel system is to be completed by 2017 if we are still around to see it.  it should have been completed years ago but then our dear leader doesnt like nuclear weapons even for protection of this country.

Did you stop to think this means jobs? If we can't organize clean energy, maybe we can score with weapons?

Oh come on!  Paranoia for the multinational arms industry profits.  N. Korea isn't going to bomb anyone nor is Iran!  They would just get it back --worse!!!  In the meantime the U.S. govt. and military paranoia and/or in league military indusrtrial complex just burn our tax dollars away to their pockets.  STOP IT!

So Obama cancelled the program in 2010, and it would have been closer to being complete. now its 2017?

Well, I'm glad OBOZO might be taking this a bit seriously now. Perhaps his attempts to neuter the military will be rethought. This guy's weak foreign policy has truly emboldened our enemies like never before.

Wassamatter Barry.....did they turn down your charm offensive and not come over for a beer??Where is this headline in the White House Press??"Obama's Approval Rating Plummets Worldwide from 2009"

Good, Not a super Obama fan, but well done Obama.

What about Hawaii.....there are enough countries that think N.Korea and Iran need to go.....so what is the problem.....those two countries are ready to be wiped out.....kill em all....

Looks as if the warmongers have produced yet another boogie man to get the Chicken Little's panties in a bunch and start another perpetual no win corporate profit war. It will be big bucks for the politicians and the corporations and body bags for the taxpayers sons and daughters. AND THE MADNESS NEVER ENDS.

Wait a minute, Obama assured us that North Korea was no danger and where is the money coming from after the sequester gutted the pentagon? Has he lied to us again?

On guard and armed to the teeth !

I thought Obama and the leading Democrats claimed that the President would never allow North Korea to obtain nuclear weapons.  Don't tell me that the Democrats lied!  They would never do that to the American people; would they?

WHY are we (US NAVY)  delibertly provoking N.K. by having war gamesoff their shore-line ?

All we need to do is ask the little dictator what size parking lot he wants his country to be and forget about the whole thing. He knows if he fired an ICBM at the USA--he and his fellow comedians would be obliterated in a matter of minutes. Obama the Peacemaker has no choice with regard to North korea and Iran--he has to act tough and more importantly--he has to BE tough. He knows what could happen to his presidency and his legacy if he failed to act very decisively if the USA is actually threatened. Peace and love and flowers are great but you better have the muscle and the gonads to defend yourself when the bullies get mean. This is no time to pussyfoot around with these miniature Hitlers--tell 'em upfront exactly what they're in for in for if they attack the USA.

north korea is ltaoSend in a couple of drones with a few sacks of Big macs attached to the weapon payload addressed to Kim Jung Un

I'm just curious. If the potential for North Korea to have a weapon is 12 months away, what is the logic in deploying the 14 additional interceptors by the end of 2017? Don't we have something we can deploy to North Korea today or rather tonight while the "Fat Man" is sleeping? JUST CURIOUS.

If this is Hagels first decision I like it. why till 2017?

Now the Chinese and Russians will get PO'd at a missile defense system. Could really bite being whatshisface when they decide he has to go.

If N.K. or Iran nukes the US or Israel....this will clearly be Obama's Fault.  Clearly and succinctly.

All this to block one missile, he won't have more than that without us hitting him early.

My guess is that DPRK is an instigator. They will not be the one's to launch, they will sell their refined plutonium or uranium to a third party to have it delivered by other than conventional means. Their attacks over the past 40 years have been more indirect than direct. Think Rangoon.

That is funny! For many decades we have a much larger threat in the form of soviet/Russian and Chinese ICBMs. The Russian technology is proven and quite advanced compared to North Korean missiles. If we loose our sleep over North Korean missiles, how can we stop Russian or Chinese missiles ?

Miniaturizing their nukes they haven't achieved. But, they have enough long range artillery pieces within striking distance of Seoul. There would be massive devastation using only conventional weapons. They would pay dearly for this, but so would Seoul.

...Sometimes I think that our Media in this Country is named Benedict Arnold!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Has anyone seen the video "Where do 53% of your Tax dollars go?". Very educational even though it's a lil old.

Danger comes in many forms

dennis pack your bags again, we really need you now

The North Korea problem is a great opportunity to box China in militarily.

Lets get real-- The 1st thing N.K. or China will do is detonate EMP devices over the Pacific essentially blinding all ground &amp; sea based radar-- After that, it is open season. No matter how many anti-missle missles are on the W. Coast--You cannot hit what you cannot see

I wonder how much *this* is going to cost?  If you want smaller government and lower government spending, how much are you willing to pony up?Isn't this the strategy late-President Reagan used to bring down the Soviet Union?

if anyone invades, it will be on the west coast. The hippies out there wouldn't know how to fight any way. They would roll over and let them in. Then it would be up to Ohio and Tennessee to bail out the US like they do every time there's trouble.

Someone is just now getting around to this?

Hagel need to do some kagel.

This kid is just like the teaparty...all talk and no action.drop Obamacare , so we can have the money to do this, other wise we can not aford it . we don't need to keep going down the drain with spending money we don't have.

It would be more resonable to end S koreas agitation of N. Korea

Excellent news ... for the defense industry.

So we need to spend money defending against a country who can't even get a missle airborne?

Hagel should launch a couple dud missiles to that nut.

Suddenly, the idea of missile defense that The One refused to share with our allies in Europe (Poland &amp; other Eastern European countries), is suddenly a great idea when the idiot leader of North Korea threatens Hollywoodland.

So mr. hagel the current administration was not aware of this threat or is it rather they did nothing much like we are with Iran?

Bruce  •  17 secs ago Report AbuseSooner or later, more likley sooner, the attack will be on our home turf. So much easier and cheaper for them to send one C.O.D.** and your point is? Bush let it happen, moron

Let's face it, N Korea is full of HOT air.

By 2017??? #$%$?If we would stop p....ing  people  off around the world, we wouldn't have to worry about our defense.

The North tested 2 medium range missiles. Does that answer some questions to the US? It may takes 2 years for the US to get their defence system work for their long range missile which most likely they already have. That's more of the reason why North Korea shot to South Korea island a year ago. The South Korea did not response because they are not ready.

looks like the chicken hawks are out in force

Thats dumb we are only focusing on intercepting ICBMs from North Korea and Iran, when Russia sent 2 bomber planes to Guam last month to test a nuke droop scenario on california to show they are not going to bow down to Obamas new Nuclear dissarment plans for Russia. Obviously we need to focus our anti missel defense on Russia too, not just North Korea and Iran becaus Russia has thousands of nukes and the technology to deleiver them quickly and effectively.

But our wonderful CIC said North Korea and Iran weren't dangerous...and that an anti-Islamic video got our people butt raped and murdered....!!!

How does the American peasant class bolster their defenses against the US government, their drones, tanks, missiles, onerous taxes, rules and regulations?

Wow, wasnt this Bush's worst idea ever?

Obama July of 2008'"We cannot continue to rely on our military in order to achieve the national security objectives that we've set. We've got to have a civilian national security force that's just as powerful, just as strong, just as well-funded.""People of all ages, stations, and skills will be asked to serve."I ask for what?

why wait until that nut fire a missle at us,blow his as up now

Just take the extra One Billion out of the fuel bill for Air Force one. Stay home, little one. We sure are getting sick of the speeches. Its to the point that no one listens except you on your replays. Don't you just love to hear the sound of you?Interesting.  We can spend $2B to protect ourselves from a non-existent threat (isued by the village idiot of the north), but we can't protect our border with Mexico from a proven threat.

The entire world knows that the United States has an ahsole in the white house.  No wonder they threaten us.

This is funny....we go to Total War with Iraq and Afghanistan who did not have WMD but we thought Iraq did....BUT we sit and wait for North Korea (NK) to shoot a WMD at our Homeland. Can't we simply put a drone over NK, find the launch sites and call for a bombing mission. That way we kill 2 birds with one stone: destroy the launch sites and show them "shock and awe".

With any luck, the missile will hit Wassila while Palin and her cretins are there.

For all we know the Koreans shipped an atomic bomb on a shipping container to New York already

We were already building that defence system and Obama shut it down....Now we're 4 years behind schedule and 12 platforms short of what it would take to stop a missle from North Korea. He should be impeached on that alone and face the courts like the traitor that he is.

Oh come on, all the North Korean ruling elite wants is attention and we're giving it to them.  They have no nuclear capabilies, nowhere near getting them but sure are getting the reactions they crave.  I say ignore them, pretend they've dropped off the face of the earth.  They're like kids throwing tantrums, trying to get any kind of attention.

Lets take time to review....In 2010, our intelligent and all knowing president stated in an official White House letter to Congress that "North Korea is not a terrorist threat".Ooops!  Another stupid and incompetent assertion by the All Knowing Messiah... lol...dumbahs

Why on earth are we funding more of these? We have THIRTY sitting there. The only reason to add fourteen more is if we fear N. Korea is going to launch more than 30 nuclear warheads at us. That doesn't seem particularly likely, as they haven't even demonstrated the ability to mount one onto a missile capable of reaching the US yet.Give me a break, this is just a complete and utter waste of money. They aren't needed, they weren't needed, and they will not be needed. N. Korea would hit S. Korea or Japan well before they'd hit the US, anyway.

This is the same program that Obama dismantled in 2009, now we must rebuild it at as much as double the cost!  This is the idiot that was re-elected!  America, what were you thinking? How many goofs does one clown get?  It is at America's peril that this man is President!  In baseball, it's three strikes and three outs, with Obama, it's unlimited errors!Does that mean that Bush was right about the number?  About keeping Gitmo open?  Seems like Obama has been wrong alot.

The number one responsibility of government is to protect their people...We can't cut funding where we need it the most....

Just blow their nuke sites to dust an be done with it

With all our fighting within, the enemy see's the perfect opportunity to attack. We need to stop fighting each other or we will be destroyed. Lets stand together as Americans and not democrats or republicans. We need a strong, united government. Galatians 5:15(NLT) But if you are always biting and devouring one another, watch out! Beware of destroying one another.

I guess in times of uncertainty the government should have defensive arms...I guess in times of uncertainty the citizens should not be entitled to do the same...

It is about time they take serious their nuke projects.  Diplomacy works for the crooks not for us.

Don't worry we have nuclear subs in the pacific ocean

Put a bunch of interceptors in Japan. If their dumb enough to launch, then explode the nuke rocket while it's still above N.Korea., the "fallout" from such an incident could be explosively interesting.

I think the smaller countries around N. Korea should do the same. I'm sure if the North's missiles can't pass through the U.S. defense, they'll surely take their frustrations out on a much closer country. Let's say, one of their master's (China's) smaller enemies?Keep an eye out on China &amp; Russia's movements once the Korean war starts. I hear Russia's submarines have been patrolling the pacific since December of last year.

Just send Dennis Rodman over to spank his young #$%$,Put him in the corner,Tell him he is grounded...Now be NICE...Beef up those missiles real good &amp; nuke N.K. at their slightest provocation!!!

North Korea cannot yet place a nuclear device on a missle, because they have yet to make it small enough to fit on a rocket large enough to carry it.But, what if they were able to put it at the tip of artillary shells, or individual bullets. In order to get around the heavier body armor used by South korea and it's allies. These tatical nukes can be more dangerous since as a result it may allow NK to overrun the South before the rest of the world can react.Any thoughts?

I thought the sequester meant we couldn't do anything like this? There was no money. White House tours ended....ILLEGAL immigrants were released....meat isn't getting inspected....long lines at airports....kids going without vaccines....

OK ....beef it up for 2017 , what about now ??/ You can not tell me that this government does'nt have enough fire power already aimed at these ya-hoos . The base on the Northwest side of Kauai , Hawaii should be able to blow anything out of the air !!!!

Improving missile defense seems like a good strategy to me.  It is a much better use of money than deploying our troops in ill-defined conflicts in the middle east.  Granted, North Korea still does not have the capability to get a rocket more than a few miles beyond their own air space at the present time.  But there is always the possibility that they will eventually be able to buy technology from other countries and thus increase the risk that they actually could hit something outside their own territory if they do develop a nuclear missile.

This is the problem with every promising made-for-tv drama. It starts out well. Some really good villains in the early seasons, but then you go from The Joker and The Penguin to some rotund midget with the power of projectile pimple #$%$. The Axis of Evil rides again, ey?

Indeed, already have them in Artillery units.

Libtards mocked this defense system for years.  Just keep that in mind.

Hope that Hussein won't use them against his own country like the other Hussein.

Why are we on the   defense  not the  offensePeace through strength!

The "Yellow Spine Doctrine" was first invented by Jimmy Carter.  Back then, they called it the "Peanuts Defense System".  Then Clinton came along, it was renamed to "Stick Your Head in the Sand Doctrine"....Then Obama came along and used racism to make changes which now are heralded as his Hallmark, "Yellow Spine Doctrine"  Congrats to all of you!!!

I was a Marine in N. Korea in the 1950's. If I knew then that those Rice Eaters were gonna cause so much trouble in the future, I would have KILLED A WHOLE LOT MORE OF THEM!!!

Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel ALWAYS presents himself like a washed-up alcoholic.  Hung over as hell.

The Left derided the idea when President Reagan proposed the Strategic Defense Initiative. Now aren't you glad that we have been testing and developing anti-missile technology? If, God forbid, the day ever comes when we have to shoot down a nuclear missile or missiles coming our way, be sure to thank the man who began the process of missile defense.

Sounds like another rip off of the taxpayers and another gravy train for the Military Industrial complex.

the most loved and the most hated country is the united states but america has to stop being the baby sitter to the world while things are getting deeper in chaos within  get out the house and open your eyes nbc fox abc cbs and all the rest only show you #$%$ what they want you to believe and you human robots just keep bickering over concerns no one will ever ask your opinion on and i dont mean you 5th grade offsprings either

OK let's say NK can get one missile working and srink there Nuclear Bomb down from a house to a car Transmission to put on top of it and shoot it toward LA.  That's one bomb, we have Ten Thousand to shoot back.  And why would we, I mean LA is no great loss and we might get rid of Kim and Kenye at the same time.  All US missile systems stand down please.

Wait, so this is what was behind N.Koreas sudden loss of sanity, to feed the US MIC.  So are we not wasting enough money on defense as it is that we need our little puppets around the world threatening to strike us with nuclear missles that do not exist.  Oh, they may have missles that may strike S.Korea, Japan, etc., but the continental US?  Nope.  So lets send more of the eternal american tax dollar to some other well placed friend of the govt, be they democrat or republican, so they can develop Ronald Reagans defunct Star Wars shield.We, Americans, are so fracked.

Park a nuc-missile boat 100 miles off the Korean coast locked and loaded. The bring our 30,000 troops home.I thought we had all that and that we were dismantling them per START with Russia.

A threat is a threat.  It doesn't matter if he is capable or not  That is an act of declaration of war against the US.  Get there and disarm him.  How many  must die before we can see this?  We need to conduct some leadership with balls, (all countries). Don,t be afraid of that half pint-little gnome.  The  way to kill a crazed bull is a surgical thrust right to the heart.

They have time and money for everything except for ending the war on American freedom.

These fools want to ban guns

Is this a new cold war, cost trillions for some WE THE US already have. Use it put a stop to it NOW

It's time for US to test

Why don't we get out f useless wars, and just protect the good old USA,we could cut bloated defense. Budget and keep from borrowing money from china to pay for it, we would be safer and have a chance to have real economy . Not one based on corrupt politicians and war mongers

I'd love to play five card stud with the US.

Dont worry, Chuck Norris Is American!...

Just throw bags of Doritos across the boarder and the starving NK army will rip each other to shreds trying to get some food in them.If north korea mess up with us it will be wiped off the map.

we can get into the north korean missile system and take them down we just need to play games but against your enemie not aganist your own system and people. the enemy o my enemy is my friend.

What kind of political hubris compels a "rather die than to admit being less of a country" than the US mentality.  Only North Koreans know and lets hope they don't have to find out at what point they have pushed the US and allies too far because it will be catastrophic beyond what even they can imagine, mostly for it's people.

It is what it is.......

Looks like we have taken the bait !

Send little Kim a pizza via Minuteman III.Guaranteed delivery in 30 minutes.Or the 2nd one's free.

This country locks up pedophiles through civil commitment because of their likelyhood to reoffend. Its a measure to protect those the pedophile may or may not assault in the future. Yet our goverment does nothing to a foreign power when it threatens to nuke our country killing thousands perhaps millions. Oh wait we did do something we  took his ability to buy harley davidsons. I'm glad I'm not the leader of the free world I wouldn't want the responsibiliy of all those deaths when Korea acts on its threats. Actually I should say Korea should be glad I'm not the leader of the free world, because they would not only not have a button to launch with there would not be anybody left to launch in North Korea.

This is smart and appropriate. We need a great missile defense system to protect us from all the crazies .We also need to end our wars all over the world, and close most foreign bases.It is, after all, the DEFENSE dept. We should protect the USA and not try to police the whole world.

What if the missile threat is just a distraction. While everyone looks towards the sky, they sneak in a nuke across the border.

We should have nuked Nk..after we got involved in the Korean war in the 1950's..If North Korea wasn't such a big threat than why are we building up our missile defense system.  Is there something more going on that we don't know about.  Just a thought.

Don't be worry, they  are looking for more food.

you wish , Slash.... we all hope something  like that...  HOPING THATALL  ATTACKS WILL BE INTERCEPTED????   FROM YOUR LIPS TO THE EARS OF GOD !!!BUT WE WASTE SO MUCH TIME  !!!  AND WE GIVE AWAY SO MANY BILLIONS !!!   IF WE WANT PEACE, WE MUST BE SO STRONG  AND NUTS !!    TO THE POINT TO BE FEARED !!!!   YOU CAN NOT BE UNARMED AND PRETEND THAT BY THROWING MONEY AROUND WE WILL BE LOVED !!!  ... MOST OF ALL WHEN EVERYONE KNOWS THAT WE ARE   BROKE, AND HAVE A WEAK GOVERNMENT !!!!!           UNCAPABLE ...... AS IT WAS SEEN  IN  BENHAZI !!!!!THIS MAKES US VULNERABLE !!!!!  THIS IS WHAT MAKES US A JOKE !! WHEN WE HAVE A GOVERNMENT LIKE THIS !!;    I JUST READ THIS;The national debt has increased by more than $6 trillion since President Barack Obama took office, marking the largest increase under any president in history.The Treasury Department's Bureau of Public Debt on Friday published its daily debt report, showing the government's total debt topped $16.687 trillion, CBS News reports. On Jan. 20, 2009, when Obama took office, the debt was $10.626 trillion.Less than two months into President Obama's second term, new numbers show the national debt increased by more than $6 trillion since he took office. The Office of Management and Budget projects the national debt will continue to increase by more than $800 billion this year alone.Headline/national-debt-trillions-obama/2013/03/02/99    (( id from the procedense of the  news, was removed as per request of the guide lines of this page) Should Obamacare Be Repealed? Vote Here Now!YOUUUUUUUU !! THE GUYS THAT LAUGHED  DURING THE DEBATE   IN WHICH , ROMNEY SAID:DO NOT CUT MONEY FROM OUR ARMED FORCES, IT WOULD BE A MISTAKE,AND   OBAMA TURNED IT   INTO A  STUPID JOKE,  AND HIS ARMY OF TWITTERS  MADE IT VIRAL....   '' THE SMART BUCH''   REPEATING THE FAMOUS WORDS :  WE ARE NOT IN THE HORSES AND BAYONETS TIMES.......      WHICH WAS TOTALLY OFF FROM THE REMARK THAT ROMNEY MADE !!!!WE LIVE  IN A VERY VOLATILE WORLD, FILLED WITH NUTS !!!  JUST LIKE THE ONE FROM   IRAN!!    AND  SYRIA !!  AND KOREA !  AND MANY MORE....    SO FAR,  THEY  GIVE AWAY SO MUCH MONEY TO COUNTRIES SUSH AS THE ONES MENTIONED,,,,PLEASE,  GO AND SEARCH  THE VIDEO   OF  CONGRESSMAN TED POE, SHOWING TOT HE CONGRESS  TWO CHARTS  , DISPLAYING THE ENORMOUS AMOUNT OF MONEY THAT USA GIVES AWAY TO THE  WORLD !!!!ted poe, USA MONEY TO THE WORLD.BETTER TO BE STRONG  HERE, BETTER TO BE WELL ARMED AND READY AND '' FEARED''  THAN  BUYING LOVE... THE  HIPPIE ERA IS OVER HONEY !!!!!!   WE CAN BE FEARED AND LEVEL HEADED, THEN THE WORLD WILL HAVE BETTER CHANCES TO ENJOY PEACE.THOUGH FRANKLY,  A COUNTRY  WHICH FOLLOWS SUCH  IMBECIL......   FOR SO LONG....    BRAINWASHED....   ALL THE TRASH THAT IS IN THE WORLD NOW, I DO BELIEVE  SHOULD HAVE BEEN STOP LONG TIME AGO !!!!!   I READ THE SANTIONS AND THEY SOUND SO WEAK !!!!   DO YOU REALLY THINK THAT THOSE WILL  STOP THIS  FAT PINPONG  FROM THROWING HIS ROCKETS ~!?  ..... BAH !!!!!!

Bush admin says 44, Liberals say he is a war mongering putz. Obama says 30 then changes his mind to 44 and calls it a "New Deal" . Have we had enough hope yet?

Why would u leak vital info to the press n have the enemy kno exactly where not to fire upon is congress that dumb. Seriously everyone reads the news especially those who have beef with us cause we tell all our business to the press who in turn give it to everyone which is kool to a degree but dangerous for the true safety of the american people

In the article photo, Is Chuck Hagel drunk or did he just fall out of bed?

Chuck Hagel ?   "I have learned to hate all traitors, and there is no disease that I spit on more than treachery. "

I hope N Korea tries it, fails, and we retaliate with nukes that actually work.  The world has gotten boring to the point it's supposedly "big news" another "enraged" Palestinian stubs his toe in Gaza.  Screw that small stuff, I wanna see some mushroom clouds!

What an obvious plan to deploy nuclear warheads near the Russian border...Hm, will Putin create a similar "defence shield" in Venezuela? Or Cuba?

Oboma is a bigger threat to America then North Korea is!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The military complex in search of the next "enemy". No more Russia, Iraq, Afghanistan - got to have a reason to keep the DOD budget sky high

obama policies please stop blaming and back slapping the presidents of this nation you been watching too much tv, usa  gonna attack n.korea when u have some s. koreans that dont want you in s. korea either while using computers made in china n. korea is out gunned a a million missiles to 1 no one and i mean no one has more missiles than this war mongering country it usa wont go toe to toe with china or russia but mini me countries we always seem ready

Give California to China for going down and kicking Kim Jong-un off the planet.

Come on fellas... to quote Sean Hannity, "we're the biggest, bestest, greatest country on the face of god's green earth in all of history, past, present or future... we are losing our greatness by not invading other countries... we are losing our national manhood here... DON'T YOU PEOPLE CARE??? We need to invade, and invade NOW. I suggest Catalina... I'm sure we could mow those chumps over.signed-The Average Red Stater

USA to NKorea: poke..poke ...poke...poke...pick...pick..pick...jab...jab...NKorea to USA: Go ahead, make my day.USA: Mommy!!!!  NKorea's bothering me along with Iran you need to straighten them out!Mommy Government : Sure kids, we have a super duper nuker scooper you can use that will keep them away.

My name is John, and I hate every single one of you. All of you are fat, #$%$, no-lifes who spend every second of their day looking at stupid #$%$ pictures. You are everything bad in the world. Honestly, have any of you ever gotten any #$%$? I mean, I guess it’s fun making fun of people because of your own insecurities, but you all take to a whole new level. This is even worse than jerking off to pictures on facebook.Don’t be a stranger. Just hit me with your best shot. I’m pretty much perfect. I was captain of the football team, and starter on my basketball team. What sports do you play, other than “jack off to naked drawn Japanese people”? I also get straight A’s, and have a banging hot girlfriend (She just blew me; #$%$ was SO cash). You are all ##$%$ who should just kill yourselves. Thanks for listening.Pic Related: It’s me and my #$%$

The United Nations should refuse a membership to North Korea due to their aggressive nuclear activities, and increase sanctions to the point of isolation as it has been with Cuba.

Because of BengahziObama, Californis is now under neclear attack threat. Thank you democrats!

Yeah that's it... Lets just wait n play defense... Maybe just let the UN handle it... Meanwhile.. Get rid of assault rifles..  Keep people out of the Whitehouse and have a food taster for the president. Don't forget they installed a kill switch for the internet already

Why don't we just get the B-52's out and do a clean up of the furballs that are polluting our happy planet with bad attitudes? You would remove a cancer if it would save your life wouldn't you? I think our neighbors are bullies and someone had better deal with them as such.Good info on Missile Defense! Great to hear DoD starts to care for the East Coast site which sounds new but could be critical. Go Hagle!

Isn't that what Reagan wanted to do?   Or, maybe the Dems need to ask Rodmans advise....Probably would be an improvement....

One good bombing run (rolling thunder) would set them back to 6000 BC and end all threat.

MexiCAN BORDER,nuff SAID!

great! , but why do they let this news out??

The jjeeww regime's machinery in washingvitz andtheir black-house....Have contined the korea bluster,  in order to haveaipac puppet hagel grab more sheeple $$$$ forpseudo-defence and the jjeewwz war machineof world aggression.The jjeewwz-newz spewz....24-8.Long live cheated true president ron paul.Death to the perennial aipac vampires in controlof our ju-s-a government.

Someone said that North Korea couldn't reach the West coast anyway.  Well consider this.  1. North Korea puts a nuclear weapon in a crate.  2. Send the crate to China and have it transshipped to the Philippines.  3. Then ship the create from the Philippines to one of the  US West Cosat ports (San Francisco, Los Angeles or San Diego). 4. Trigger the explosion. 5. Be unable to do anything as there would be no way to know who had sent us this "package".

Let's see, they'd already be there if they followed Bush's plan, the plan canceled by Obama. Now, 3 years later, he has taken the blinders off. Of course we won't have the added protection until 2017, what a Dip S---

WHY DO WE  BROADCAST ACROSS THE INTERNET WHAT WE ARE GOING TO DO. Im sure its not everything we are doing but cant we just keep secrets or is the media just so bored of reporting on Justin Bieber.

Ya reckon?????????? what a stupid thing to say.Their new leader is obviously planning some type of military action, probably against South Korea or, if he is bold enough, a strike against one of the US bases in South Korea.  Which ever it is the USA and South Korea should respond in kind or maybe better at an escalated level.  If we just sit back and take it, it will only enhance his prestige with the North Korean population.  At any rate, since he has already threatened the USA with a nuclear missel attack why don't we strike first this time and give them something to think about? Isn't a threatened strike against the West Coast of the USA provocation enough?

Oh, don't be worried OBOZO....they're many years away from developing the Bomb.....POS, MORON, IMBECILE, IDIOT.

So, we now we need the missile defense that Obama said we didn't need at election time.  Just more evidence that he lied to the people who elected him to get elected, or he was just naive.   We don't need defense because we're going to be nice to them and they'll like us.  Now we have to wait till 2017.

Any excuse to fund congressional owned companies.

hagel=holder=brennen=obama = the biggiest pieces of $|-|  ! t

what hapened to the country being broke??? oh my bad we cant afford anything to help people but missiles and other #$%$ plenty of money for that :D

If we know where their nukes are hiding.  Then, we should do pre empt strike to REDUCE the number of nukes N korea has.

North Korea has the same right to WMD's as the US does - leave them alone - if they pop a city in the US, incinerate them, don't send them meals-on-wheels and build them a temporary civilization like you did in Afghanistan and Iraq.

when is the last time they check to see if the interceptors work and how long have they been in the ground. makes you wonder

Don't worry North Koreans! Your great leader learned everything there is to know about warfare by playing Xbox!So (once again) BUSH WAS RIGHT (a song by the Right Brothers).George W. Bush (our last real prez.) KNEW that 44 defense sites were needed.  The amateur cut them back because of his blame-America-first idology...now he's re-adopting Bush's policy.Given how ofter the amateur blames Bush, I wonder if he'll appoligize this time...(I wouldn't hold my breath...)

Why waste billions on defense. Build cheap drone. Send cheap drone to bomb the bomb factory in N.K. Its not like the U.S is a peaceful nation anyway.

I hope that thing makes it here and lands right on Rodmans head !

The hell with taking  a "defensive stance". We oughta just tell Kim Psy Gangnam, "BRING IT BEEYITCH. We got something for ya'"

Just send in MacGyver &amp; Rambo and that's all we need to get the job done. Rambo will take care off all the destruction and when it comes time to get out of the country MacGyver will make a speed boat out of a box of matches and they will be long gone before fat boy and his clan knows what happened.

smells like teen kimchi.

N Korea needs beef not beefing up!

If someone is threatened us, beat them up, hard enough so them remember to the rest of their life.

well its a good thing we are getting something set up and in place for 4 years from now,  its not like its a current threat

Damn, sounds like star wars stuff to me. Who knewthat little weenie in north korea seems pretty eager and cocky showing us his primitive nuclear capability.  maybe he would enjoy seeing some of ours !!??

Well now that everyone in the world knows where are stronger defense lays anybody up for Starbucks.

We need a pick 6 defense that will intercept and run it back for the touchdown

North Korean military is so full of itself and so backward in its thinking that they truly believe themselves to be indestructible (maily because of China) and threaten our country with destruction. Do you (all Americans) expect to be shot first and then, if you are lucky to survive, shoot back?? Hey, if someone points a loaded gun at me and threatens to shoot me, and I have a bigger gun, I will shoot first! That is what it is.

You mean we were not ready for N Korea before this?  I thought we were ready for China, Iran, Russia or whoever!  Now we have to beef up against N Korea who just recently learned how to fire a rocket without it malfunctioning?  This makes me a bit concerned.

Instead of spending $$ on new anti-missile sites.. use the missiles you already have.. roast a certain country to a cinder.. and then spend the $$ instead getting people jobs and maybe let the homeless families takeover all the foreclosed homes.

I'm not sure what to do.. so I'll announce we're going to protect the US with a system that only will stop few of the nuclear bombs.... WAKE UP

We should go in an  take them off the map.

Let's just keep telling them our defense plans, that ought to make it easier for them!!!

What a waste of money!  We don't need to build more interceptors, just drop a nuclear warhead on them.  There's got a be hundreds in stock and probably all fully depreciated.  Besides prevent defense doesn't work, just watch the NFL!Kim Jong is shaking in his boots for Secretary of Defense Hagel lecture.you guys are jester better to work in circus. If you are supreme power; disarm N. Korea.

this guy hagel, is holding the holy bible, it looks like it at least RIGHT??? man we Americans from the north are really soft aren't we ya-all,

Shoot first and load the gun later.....

Ta ra tan ta tan ...more spending....open your wallets....W I D E ...

Why isn't that fat little Chaz Bono look-a-like doing something now when we have our military near by. He will wait till we leave then target something in South Korea

The issue here is with a country that is clearly not rational.  Facing a rational enemy like China, Russia, or India means we can send mutual signals to avoid a war.  We found out how necessary that was during the Cuban Missile Crisis.PRK is to China much as the Taliban is to Pakistan.  PRK is ill mannered pet who will sometimes snap at his master, but still helps keep the master's opponents in check. PRK is at least as tough a nut to crack as the Taliban. We need a kinetic energy weapon that has similar effects to nuclear weapons without the unwanted side-effects.  It would be nice to be able to drop an asteroid like the one in Russia on Kim's head.

Why not just threaten imminent destruction of North Korea unless all nuclear activities are immediately abandoned there?

Look everyone another bull---- excuse to spend money on things we already have! How many times are tax payers gonna get charged for stuff we already bought. If it costs a dollar there gonna charge us a hundred. Crooks, liers, politicians it all sounds the same to me:) LMFAO!!!!!

Intense, unremitting provocation like this demands a strong response, such as all-out thermonuclear war.

Why don't we do a test missle and point it at N.Korea.We need to practice.There we go rattling our sabers again.

Dear Department of Defense:  Since North Korea's missiles are about as well built as a Kia or Hyundai, if one happens to go off course and is going to land in Canada, please do not waste one of our good missiles shooting that one down.

i wonder how many U.S. Congressmen and their cronies will make lots of money from this?

Senseless!7-8-2013 walk out, stay home with family day,,,,, put God back in the pledge in our public schools God fearing people!

do you dumb feckers think they want to bomb you????

Yes.. USA should show some 'balls' to north korea which is a threat to the entire world instead of funding syrian rebels who are both with #$%$ad killing innocent people. Pls deal with NK and stop thinking they cant shoot your #$%$ while undermining thier capability. Wake up dudes!!!

Yeah right they can't even stop the comets or things falling from the sky!!!

Winston you know way too much to be on the streets!

Lets Kick His #$%$.... Stupid Lil Man.....

UNLOAD on them right now and then reload and start all over againWe need to wipe those peasants (North Korea) off the face of the earth NOW and we accomplish two things at once. We eliminate that annoying country and in doing so, such a display of superiority will back down any other joke of a country like Iran or any other haven for sub-human filth.

Yeehaww!!! Let's go to war!!!

Jjeewwz newwz paid trolls write fake newsies....Fake comments....and fake replies.Long live crue president ron paul.Death to aipac vampires in government.

American's love to kill and yet they haven't won a war since WWII... well if you consider Grenada and Panama wars.. then o.k thats two...

For what? Incase NK created a big enough sling shot to get a missile over here?

Have the North Koreans ever heard that we have Nuclear Submarines? If they should decide to commit Suicide, After their missile is launched they won't be around long enough to know if it hit.. They North Korea will be Burnt Toast.

Another frenzy moment ahead!I hope crazy bald heads don't wipe human race out of existence.

Can we afford to do this with all the buget cuts?

Oh Brother.  Same Ole story.  Yawn.

I said awhile back that this was how the U.S. was going to get around the scrutiny from countries like China and Russia about building our missile defense.  Looks like I was right.One thing is for certain, the North Koreans are unpredictable and brazen.  They are delusional enough to actually launch an attempted strike... why keep giving them more and more time to fine tune their abilities... I am not one to go out looking for conflict, but they have continued to make direct and credible threats against us and I believe those must be taken seriously and dealt with accordingly before it is too late.  It is nearing time to put an end to the Kim leadership and free the people of North Korea from this oppressive regime once and for all.  It's getting to the point now where something simply must be done to put an end to the constant threats and wreckless behavior before they actually do the unthinkable.

Don't We Need A Little Bit Of   Ah-Fence?

Instead of spending all this money in these wars that only profit the elite banking cartels, we could have built the most sophisticated DEFENSE system known to man. Many other countries are catching up. We can fall behind.

I will give $5,000,000.00 to the chairty of your choice if Hagel releases his birth certificate!!!! haha am i doing it right?

U.S in Middle East, U.S in korea, U.S in Africa, U.S here, U.S every where... this is why world is in chaos.

But, but, but,........it was only yesterday that resident muslim terrorist et al were calling for the United States of America to replace all our missles, around the world, with nifty CDs of Kumbaya.What's the difference between a liberal, gay, dolt?NOT A DAMN THING......

Get off your #$%$ crongress and aprove the money. Those idiots are just stupid enough to send missles our way.

our gov. is talking about building up by the year2017, fat boy is working day by day, what the hell is our gov. doing? waiting until its too late??????????????

I would say bomb North Korea but even a bomb could'nt fu** up that sh**hole any worse. I say send in Seal Team Six to slap that slant eyed baby Huey.

I am so glad my Father has past on for if he saw this #$%$ he would be #$%$. He served in the damn Korean War, came home filled with shrapnel, his hands and legs full of it. Take this damn nut and shut his damn mouth.A little late Hagel.  Should have reacted as soon as you the BS started way back when...

Any offence by the US would cause hell in S Korea's capital which not far from the DMZ...  Shooting down a missle is a limited option and would cause us to totally lose the S. Koreans as allies in a theater we need to have US feet on the ground.

Haha wow, in 4 years we will have it. They can barely hit Japan and 2, they have no nukes as of now. Its a bluff by a bully nation on its last leg

East coast site suggestion: Floyd Bennett field in Brookyn, NY.  Now a park, it was used for fighter jets in the 50's and 60's.  Make it operational.

But the prediction says, that American will win in this battle; and, North Korea and its allies will succumb great and tremendous losses, that a third part of the earth's population will be deducted from the whole.

I believe we need to take the N. Korean's provocative statements seriously and it only makes sense to build up our defensive shield...but to be realistic, the Republicans then need to pass a budget with reasonable levels of taxation to fund the $1 bil. Pentagon request.

Time to sqash N Korea. Why have we not sent in our aircraft cariars and done air strikes on there military posts show them just how fast our Navel aveators can just simplely take there little puney country out. P.S dont mess with the USA man we have the most advanced military in the world. not to mention the largest stock pile of ICBM's. Same thing with Iran heck we already have a large presents in the middle east it would be simple. 2 for 1 hit N Korea hard then move over to Iran boom!!!!!!!!!!

Of course we worry about what could happen... but we won't prevent it. If ANY American made a threat at anyone an arrest would be made. If anyone threatened ﻿the president arrest or now drone attack . Nk threatens ﻿the entire USA.... slap some sanctions and buy missile defensives....

u fng suck usa and korea.. koras worse but usa.. cxome on

Such BS, all of the sudden North Korea is such a large threat that our existing system is not big enough. #$%$!!Any excuse to increase the nuclear arsenal will do. Thirty missiles are not enough; need 44; tomorrow 44 will not be enough; need 54. . . . Disgusting, paranoid politicians who have created a monster and now are trying to keep it under control.

When are we going to finally deal with this threat?  I guess they don't supply oil, so they aren't important.  They actually have WMD's and it has has been proven (unlike Iraq).  Then they threatened to use them on us.  Time to wake up...

they declared war on u.s. just nuke the basterds,instead of building more defences that the u.s.cant afford

Did Obama give NK the schematics of our missiles too?

I can't wait until America feels the wrath of North......omg, I just can't say it without laughing.  Nukem Gangum Style!

Uhh...correct me if I'm wrong, but N. Korea is talking like they are ready to go to war now, not 4 years from now.  Sounds like we're a little late on the missle defense front.

Hmm I wonder how many more critical defense items Obama has made bad decisions on regarding the protection of Americans?

Blow their #$%$ to kingdom come.  Where's Ronald Reagan when you need him?  We need a President with backbone!

Our grandfathers out rolling in their graves!! A boy becoming a leader of a nation over night, not taking care of his own people, AND THREATING to bomb the U.S.A!!! How would our government have dealt with this back in that generation?

I hope somebody has the balls to strike at these #$%$ first.That's great, but, I hope that's not the whole plan?  NK's threats have and will continue to become more serious and more relevant.  Do we really want to let it continue until they have a proven ICBM arsenal?  I think the last thing we need is another war, but, if we don't do something now, we may be passing up the last opportunity to act without a very real risk of a nuclear retaliation from them.Suppose it takes another 10 years for them to build up 10 proven ICBM-deliverable nukes.  What will Kim be saying then? Probably not going to be pretty.  "Give us more aid, and drop the sanctions or we'll gut the U.S."  At which point we'll be hoping that our missile defenses are 100% effective...and that they haven't figured how to Fed-Ex them to us instead.  This needs to be handled now, not later.

If you remember what Nostradamus predicted that, there will be hundreds of missiles flying over the skies heading to the United States of America (USA), few thereof will get in through the continent, particularly, at California.  Almost all shall be intercepted by Patriots.  This could be aweful and horrible to think of because destruction would be huge and death toll would be countless.

The heavens declare the glory of the Bomb, and the firmament showeth His handiwork.  Glory be to the Bomb, and to the Holy Fallout. As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be. World without end.  May the Blessings of the Bomb Almighty, and the Fellowship of the Holy Fallout, descend upon us all. This day and forever more.  Amen.

I am x military and what i believe is happening is china is having n korea threatned us to study what we do and what  systems we deploy

Well, these new installations of interceptors are great, But can someone explain to me why the Iron Dome system that Israel has wouldn't work for ICBMs?

I'm curious, all of this rhetoric concerning ICBM delivery? What about a low yield "suitcase" device with a human bomber attached to that device. That's a scary thought. I'm sure that this has been thought out - right? or is being considered!

The Clinton's sure are looking out for the poor, dumb, little peasant, aren't they?

Use Drones, lol, don't we use Drones for just about everything now.  (A Patriot missile on a Drone, hmm, some spy Drones over N Korea, etc. etc.  Just a thought, yea stupid but a thought, sense I've been reading about Drones here and there and everywhere now.

Let's ship all the liberals there with Rodman and then Kim Jong Un can #$%$ himself

1 billion dollars to build anti missle sites that still wouldn't really assure anything eh ,,,,,wouldn't it be cheaper to just kind make sure north korea can't launch anything,,,,,,if you know what i mean ??!!Harper will bolster Canadian Defences by firstly approving a committee of Conservative palsto discuss what Canada should do.. Then will ensure CFB Gander &amp; CFB Comox has adequate large Tennis racquets to repel any incoming missiles. Defence Minister McKaywill reserve comments until Harper tells him what to say ! Should North Korea launch anynuclear missile, the accompanying Fallout will mean the End of the World as we know it,but only for an approximate century !  So, don't worry most never follow the News anyways.The World will go the way of the Titanic...

"...make clear to the world that the United States stands firm against aggression"Unless, of course, it's the U.S. committing the aggression...

Here come the 60's again.

China forgot to mention that N. Korea is their bill collector.

No country has to attack U.S. because their government is already screwing them.

Best remember who's dog you are poking with a sharp stick , or is your memory that short ? If this altercation goes forward it will be Chinese troops running the supply lines !!

Best defense is a good offense.

Great---this is just the bonus the defense contractors were hoping for. It comes at a good time, too, since the U.S. government is so flush with cash now (having printed a whole bunch of it).You can't help wondering: One guy in North Korea utters a few threatening words, and it causes billions in defense spending here... Do you think someone could be offering him dough to act belligerently? After all, the U.S. spends about half its budget on defense. That's a pretty big industry, and it needs continual justification to survive. (Think of all the kids who could be sent to college otherwise... But I'm just being silly, aren't I?)

Untill N Korea stops it's stupid war mongering some one needs to put a lid on them

Will this be a war for profit just like all the other wars?  How can I get in on the action and make some cash?When you can just print money, who cares what it costs?

north korea and the UN have been in a state of war under an armistice agreement for 60 years. kim declared the ceasefire over. When they test fire a rocket shoot it down, followed by drone strikes on kim who is a legitimate target after appointing himself supreme military leader.

What a waste for all countries to spend on self defense. This money could be utilizedin such a more meaningful way for society. One veteran said it best &gt;&gt; the world hasnot learned anything from the loss of life and destruction from previous wars. Killthe first person who wants to instigate war or is killing its' own people. Nip it the budas the saying goes and this destruction, money &amp; loss of life might be eliminated.

Just build a HUGH military base in Alaska or Hawaii and put hundreds of ballistic launchers, ships, subs, planes, bombers, etc. there. What's the point of having bases in places like Texas? The Mexican army is so busy fighting the drug cartels there.

Wonder if there's going to be another Pearl Harbor situation where the Americans are caught off-guard.

I wonder what we do not know. I wonder about what info we get is lies, truth and what is just plain crazy. Growing up I was told things were so bad in East Germany that relatives were turning in relatives as spies after being tortured and that thousands were going through this every day. We were told some people had to eat horses and sometimes resort to cannibalism. My best friend happens to be from East Germany and she just laughs when I tell her things like that. I can't help but wonder if we are being programmed to hate them and that they are even more afraid than we are...of the lies they are fed.

The best defense is a good offense. Why wait until " nuclear" Pearl Harbour?  If we are so afraid of of what Russia or China will do why don't we sign the unconditional surrender documents now and be done with all - say goodbye to our history and our freedoms. Americans need to take a tip from commander Riker :  " WHO SAYS THAT LIFE IS SAFE?"

North korea may be using a stragety Iraq may have used. Make the world think you have nukes so you can protect yourself. Iraq was and most likely still is concerned about Iran. They made the world curious about their nukes to deter Iran. North Korea may be trying to put on a show to hide how week they may be.

So if the unproven interceptor missiles don't work, we've lost San Franscisco just so's not to offend China. Great foreign policy.

Real weapons of mass destruction belong to the US and that's who we should be afraid of...not some rhetoric of young boy. Just another excuse to waste billions needed for real people. But it's business as usual that takes precedence over human needs. Imagine what might happen if the US fed North Korea...we might even have peace. But who wants that when wars are better for business. The US could nuke China as well. Humanity trifling with nuclear death. Who are the real crazies? Them? Us? Them and us? Ban all weapons and end all wars might be the sanest thing we can do.U.S is trying to open another war front!! This time under the pretext of intercepting North Korean missiles!!!??? What the hell is wrong with U.S. government and its people who believe every nonsense the government says.The American public believe this garbage because of shear ignorance and "lack of ability to think and analyze the news".

Reach accord with Russia, China, Japan and take out North Korean military and defense systems. A lot cheaper.

Suddenly North Korea is silent. They knew that they will regret big time any aggression that they will initiate against the west and to their neighbor.

For all you geniuses out there that are advocating a pre-emtiive strike against North Korea. DO you have ANY idea what kind of problems that would create world wide? You just don't pull something like that off without there being consequences. North Korea is NOT  a viable threat to the USA. Get over it.................don't buy into North Korea taunting the US for nothing more than publicity. If, in fact they were to launch ANY kind of strike, they would pay for it dearly, and NOT just by the USA.

one fired  nuclear missle .at anyone . WE ALL DIE

First is was the Russians on the DEW line and now the Koreans

you know what the US should have done after the threat was issued? order their B2 bombers to destroy the missile site(they have been watching it already for sure). don't put up with such a country making direct threats of WMDs, wipe the threat off the map.

remember the gulf of Tonkin! because very soon an incident mirroring that event will take place, some how,  some way, America will be attacked and north korea will begin to pay a terrible price, for a very long time. lets hope it begins very soon!

I sure if North Korea works really hard, and starves to death a million more of their people, they may be able to build a missle capable of hitting the U.S. It's about time China, if it  wants to be a world leader, really started clamping down on this nut-case regime in Pyongyang before they blow up the world. The U.N. should not only impose sanctions against North Korea, but against any nation that trades with it.

I'm reading the words of justification for the plan from the Obama administration. If the exact ones had been uttered by George W. Bush, Ronald Reagan, Richard Nixon or any GOP President, under similar circumstances, no matter how reasonable, researched and justifiable, they would have been trashed, thrashed and condemned by every lefty in the USA and elsewhere as war mongers. The Michael Moores, Jane Fondas and all that sordid bunch would have been organizing demonstrations, coast to coast, calling for impeachment, if not their heads. They actually did it to Reagan, whose successful candidacy was bound to incinerate the world as we new, according to the lefty screwballs. Remember the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI)? It was a plan to intercept incoming nuclear-headed ICBM's. Lefties called it Star Wars.Isn't cheaper to wipe NK out?

F wasting more $ on the missile defense just attack this fat little $#!@ and put a end to him and the problem already

North Korea's regime should be crushed before it has an opportunity to actually damage its neighbours.

Now that the U.S is now afraid of China, they are not going to do #$%$ all; pitiful ....... I say break all ties with China &amp; get the U.S back to where it should be........ &amp; nuke the hell out of N.K

Obviously the Chinese and Russians are just as nervous, if not more so, than the Americans since NK is literally in their respective backyards. It's alot easier to hit Vladivostock or Beiging closeby than, let's say North America. More blustering BS from the crazy NKs.

the reason these rosters are crowing so loud is simple. They know damn well that Russia and China and probably Pakistan will back them against everyone. Pukin would love nothing better that a war with the west. Him and his commie bast--ds are just itching for another war and anyone who thinks otherwise should read the papers more often. He protects and arms every commie country he can. I wouldn't put nothing past that SOB.

Hmmmm...Well guys nothing else has seemed to work to bring our economy back so how about another Cold War?  We've still all those ICBM's we could bring back out for photo ops and everything.

excellent ...so do not destroy your enemy, even when this stated that it wants to annihilate you, when this is still too weak to fight conevntionally against you .....rather ...just incite your enemy to more violence, to more threats, ...so you can militarize the region in order to deal with your real enemy, china. the americans are using the north koreans as a pretext for cornering china ...that is why they sent in their american spy, that basketball player.....to sign the secretive contract. just like they did with noriega, with saddam, with bin laden, with the jewish leadreship, with the saudi arabians, with the pakistanis, with miloshovik, with hitler etc etc etc .....good friends and allies of the west in secret but enemies ont he surface!

Last week they said that North Korea was incapable of hitting the US? Which one is it?

I just wonder if the North Korean missiles are more advanced in their development that we had previously thought?Guided missle right at fatty's front door.  End of story.

Just another Ron Paul reconmendation being adapted. Nobody listened to the good docter when he advocated this and so many other things long before the last elections. Americans are stone deaf to someone who makes sense brainwashed by BS propaganda from outside intrests namely Zionist Isreal!

Why is everyone blame Obama when these guys are backed up by the Chinese,Iran,the Russians and so on. Do any of you have a problem using your grey Matter ? This is not a game you guys and you may end up at the other end of winning. A defensive system is the proper way to go exactly what the government is doing . The right would have already been in a war in Syria and now get involved in a second . All the time blaming Obama for not balancing the budget . It`s a good thing woman are smarter and voted in the current administration otherwise all you guys out there without a brain would be send off to war .

Sounds like the U.S.A. is positioning itself either for a defensive retaliation of any North Korean attack, or is it the buildup to a preemptive major attack on North Korea? If one or two minor dictatorships can make the USA insecure, it is time to exercise the right of self-defense through the first strike option. If war is seen as inevitable, don't give the enemy time to get stronger. Sometimes I feel like a redneck but right now I just wonder if the threat level can go much higher.

Kidding aside, these missiles will also threaten China, Russia and all the other nervous nellies in that region. Not wise.

One snipper! At one moment! This conversation is over!! Why is there a need to spend so much money! So are we to ask china for a loan? Can we afford to borrow more money? Maybe that's there plan? Who wins now china? Think about it?

Yay! Nukes are GONNA fly.....

Boeing is happy; Come on China.....do something with the kid and South Korea quit acting like its not your  problem...put down the ESL and wanting to part of the Global economy and help out your neighbor(#1 trading partner has to be North Korea....at least for Agriculture.What does North Korea really want?  I read about it threats but never what they really want? Let start from there and maybe we can find a solution and if not..."come on China do something with the kid"

So now its come to protect our home base because we waited to long when we had a chance to remove the threat all together, great strategy

How to hurt your enemy at minimal cost.Step #1 - North Korean government official opens mouth and threatens pre-emptive nuclear attack.  Cost:  10 cents for electricity to broadcast the message.Step #2 - In response, U.S. is to set up 14 new anti-missile interceptors.  Cost: a few billion dollars.Result: Huge financial cost imposed on enemy as a result of an expenditure of 10 cents.I hate war but I do believe that North Korea needs to be struck before it launches a nuclear device. If there is any regime in the world that deserves to be toppled it is North Korea.

it's time to bomb the #$%$ outa this nutjob...and dig up his dad and then kill em again...

That's the way Obama. Spend more money your country doesn't have. This is just what these #$%$ want. Better solution would be to spend 3 nights of heavy air assault. This would shut that pint sized leader up for good. You &amp; the United Nations keep adding new sanctions. Haven' t you guys realized these sanctions don't work? Their leaders could care less. They have everything they want. They are not concerned about their people only themselves.

Why cant we get along? How much does this cost? why cant we help poor people?

The country cannot continue as is; it will collapse. They have no option but to invade S. Korea. And then...

Honestly the US isn't any better.

The so-called missile defense is a big hoax! It does not woprk, can not intercept another missile and cost billions of your taxmoney!The few that make profit of it are the jews that control the Military-Industrail Complex!

hmmm I wonder if North Korea is reading this?....lol....

Something tells me we got a fly on the wall watching there every move.....and when we want we can just level the country...back to my nap !

Wasn`t Obama and Hagel, both against this when it Bush planned to do it.North Korea is a LOT of things, BUT, suicidal is not one of them.! This nonesense by the US government is nothing more than another way to spend MORE taxpayers money and line the pockets of all the cronies who have military contracts with the Washington administration. The more propoganda put out to the American public about some non-existant threat, the more money will be spent by Washington. These politicians HAVE to look after their friends and there is NO better way to do it than to convince the general public that it's in the name of National Security. Let's face the facts....the USA has MORE than enough armaments and firepower to destroy North Korea, if need be. Do you REALLY think the North Koreans don't know that? Just ANOTHER whitewash job to spend MORE money needlessly and have the taxpayers foot the bill.

Let's be realistic, nobody is going to do anything about those lunatics until they hurt some Americans. They can shell any island they want into oblivion, they can torpedo all the ships they want. The "world" won't care until America cares, and America cares once there is votes to be won (aka dead Americans to avenge). A proactive strike wouldn't be any good, because saving lives doesn't get votes.I would volunteer to help in the war effort against this delusional dictator so long as a company was willing to do it with the sole intention of saving lives BEFORE they are lost, instead of the typical greed that will drive the war-machine after a bunch of people are killed and the NK's starve a little more.

Nuke the Guke!

i wish they would shoot 1 at the US, then the US would have reason to wipe them right off the map and get rid of one of the worlds cancers

i know it sounds funny how stupid we think these people are but they developed the bomb under our noses and got away with it. they know they cant strike us with their missiles which would hardly hit japan. so for them to get a good first strike they would consider softer targets or slip those deadly weapons thru their friends thru a more unforseen route. i would consider their threaths seriously and be more proactive in dealing with them instead of be reactive when we got caught with another surprise similar to 9/11. by now ill probably try to thinks their way to counter possible deadly strikes instead of being complacent.

It would be far cheaper to just preempt the North Korean preemptive strike.  They are still officially at war with South Korea.  Just declare war on North Korea and announce that they have one day to surrender or else. Then launch one missile into the mountains somewhere to show that you mean business. Then, if the North Koreans annouce try to use this as propaganda (the US technology is no good), fire one into Pyong Yang.  China will do NOTHING. Russia will do NOTHING.

Is the US feeling a threat?  Is Israel feeling a threat?  Is there any difference?  In both situations, it is better to be pro-active, right?

Looney N. Korea will lose in its brinkmanship game.

Just a reminder to everyone including the media, did you know that South Korea isn't on another continent? It is only 120 miles from Pyongyang to Seoul? And while the 10.5 million people that live in the city that is within a much shorter distance than the North Koreans have already shot with missiles, I know they are not American thus it doesn't matter if THEY get nuked but again just wanted to put some ideas out there.Does no one care about the South Koreans?

His end is very near. Watchwhats really DUMB, is we just told the enemy what were going to do. I realize they probably know some of it , but don't be blabbermouth of course, maybe this the "more flexabiliy" Obama was telling putin about if he won the election.

Whatever to keep the dopes distracted from their real problems.

Sooooo... should I just go on a spending spree and blow everything I have? This sounds a lot more seriously than 2012

How much is this going to cost us?

Way to escalate, guys! I've seen this movie before. Wasn't it called The Mouse that Roared?The theme song was Prellude to a War.

Send feinstein after chubby boy, she will disarm him for sure.

YES  here it come..the FalseFlag when the USA will Nuke one of its west coast cities....and the USA controlled News Media will tell you it was North Korea......yes....history repeats itself Over and Over  again.....and people fall for it EVERY TIME.....

its ALL staged  ...its all a LIE from the USA Government controlled NewsMedia ...the USA will Nuke itself......claim in the "NewsMedia" it was North Korea....and the USA will NUKE North Korea causing the US's involvement in WWIII ..when you gonna quit falling for the same OLD trick ?

The little Fat Boy in N. Korea needs a good spanking.

Wasting more money on BS, just ignore that 5 years old so-called Kim Jong DuDu.North Koreans.......sigh. They are just so wackadoo. You can't reason with wackadoo.

didn't they already have this stuff for last weeks enemy?

New world order builder berg,Rothschild,Rockefeller ect elite BS. Just trying to start a nuke war.. while the population is waking up to the bs lies of many generations.

RELEASE THE CABBAGE EATING WORMS!!!

This is a sad situation but if Ding #$%$ can't abide by the rules...increase sanctions NOW to 100% for the next 50 years, starve them and send nothing.

North korea making  UNITED STATES spend more money that they don"t have

The sky is falling, the sky is falling!

#$%$ em

China and Russia are not stupid enough to get into a war on behalf of N. Korea, the good needs to outweigh the bad, there is no positive reward to fight so they wont. N. Korea simply isnt worth getting into a global conflict over.

"By taking the steps I outlined today we will strengthen our homeland defense, maintain our commitments to our allies and partners, and make clear to the world that the United States stands firm against aggression," Hagel told a news conference. #$%$ you usa. You guys are the aggressor.If Kennedy could mnake russia stand down with their #$%$, then why can not Obama do the same with n.korea

an environmental impact study?You must be joking.I suppose they would need one for a nuclear strike as well.

drones do not work over north korea?

If they do launch a missile in any direction, including up and straight down on themselves, it should be reciprocated with a massive air missile strike on the grounds that they have amply proven themselves a threat to themselves and their neighbors. Then walk in, carve up what's left of North Korea for the South Koreans to manage, and be ready with a nuclear carpet bombing from Mt. Baekdu straight to the Pacific in case the Chinese are thinking about coming down again. McNamara was right - okay so was Eisenhower but this is a different day, time for a different look at McNamara's original proposal.

as far as I am concerned that little north korean midget guy declared war on America, and the U.S would be justified if they send a drone to take him out, the lession from the Iraq war should be, never declare unjustified war again, just take out the terrorist with drones

I would love to see the USA China and Russian become complete allies along with all the allies they all have in motion as it stands, I am sure that is a fantasy and to be honest I am not an expert on world politics at all and I do understand that kind of a dream would be difficult due to many factors but it would be an unstoppable force when it comes to certain threats in the world. I hope all of this insanity smoothes itself out with North Korea before things get too far out of control and something turns into another black mark for history!

CCP is pulling the strings on its North Korean Puppet!

is this going to be another set up?

I wonder why China is still supporting this stupid country. They don't need North Korea as a communist buffer zone. China is more capitalist than most western country these days. North Korea is just a drain in resources and patience.

Does anyone really believe this nonsense any more when there are flying saucers flying all over the place and ET's hovering in the skies.I'm kind of hoping North Korea will nuke some American cities, even though their missiles have no realistic possibility of reaching the U.S. Maybe then, the United States government will put their war against the people on hold. If this country were invaded by a real threat, they might put off the gun confiscation for awhile. It is not a real threat of course, and things will continue in America as they have for the last several years - down the toilet.

They declared war openly. The US should take it seriously no matter how weak they considered their enemy is. Remember how they under estimate taliban and al quaeda threat until we were shock by 9/11. A year delayed in devt of missile based warhead should be consireded seriously. How credible is your intelligence? By now only Rodman could give us a feedback of the ground situation there and i dont think hell provide much info.

instead investing a billion dollars how about 30 cents on a 308 shell its a lot cheaper and as we all know very easy to do in they wanted

The United States and Russia bolth have had a 'Star Wars'' program scince the 1980's to intercept ICBM's and SLBM's with particul beam lasers on satlites.I'm sure Ronald Reagan and his administration had this all thought out.

maybe i am wrong, but i do think the U.S. knows more about north koreas military than what their saying.

How stupid human, we are...

The next time NK tests a missle, shot it down over international waters, before you do that put the US military on red alert and if NK goes to respond blast that crazy Bas off of the face of the earth. I know it is going to kill most people in NK, better them then us.Have you noticed that when the dem are in power in the US no one is afraid of them.If we had someone in power like Ronnie Reagan this SH.t would'nt be going ON.

more shark bait

When North Korea does Strike, NATO forces will be in there blowing the nine irons away.

Here they go again...borrowing more money from China and putting the American people into more debt...This should speed up USA's journey towards Greece-status.Who ever said the nuclear attack would be by missile? The joke in chief is acting like he gives a #$%$. Yet the border is still open to anyone who wants to be here. Including a N Korean agent smuggling a nuke device piece by piece. The bomb could arrive via boat and detonate near a populated area. Etc Etc

Jung-Un Duh.....needs a spanking, he,s toying with a rattlesnake, I say we start bombing North Korea, capture this Duh, smother his #$%$ in honey and sit him in a red ant hill...

What's the UN have to say about N. Korea?  The UN placed sanctions against them, not the US.  Now the US is threaten with being nuked and has to spend $1 billion to protect itself?

usa unvite the korea to white house for dinner make the leader feel humm good introduce him to hockey do some trading and u will see better change

get all the good north Koreans out especially women and children and then nuke the son of a #$%$ and put him out of his misery

North Korea sits in like 27 or 28 in military strength over all.  Having lots of old outdated hurting tanks and planes is and people on the ground is nothing compared to what Canada could do to them as we sit in like 18 over all in strength because of our training and technology used and ability to build or buy more weapons when or if needed.  We are not sitting ducks as how would they ever even reach our shores.  Think about it.  They would never reach us with or without the U.S.'s help.  We would blow their ships out of the water before they get here as even our frigits are more technologically advanced than theirs.  Besides, Japan would never let them into or past their shores let alone the U.S.!!  Canada is way more capable than most think we are!!

And slowly, the clock ticks.

Come on. Strike first. Let's wipe out those Koreans. One less Asians in this world.

kill all the asians.

If the United States of America really wants to get revenge on North Korea for existing, all they have to do is explode all of their Nuclear arms on their own soil -thus destroying themselves-."That'll show North Korea" look who gets the last laugh -it will be the U.S.A.-. I hope they consider this as the ultimate last word.OK fat boy ! You send 1 missle and it hits close to home. We will send 10 missle's from a Sub that will flatten your stinky little country ! One missle will be run your ash. Get the picture...Fat Boy !

Why doesn't the US just do the right thing and go into North Korea and settle this once and for all? The North Korean leadership has shown intent, has the weapons technology and has already taken hostile actions, all of which would poise a threat to US national interest. A premeptive strike would be the best course at this point.

Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is correct to sharpen up all defensesWashington cannot have a N. Korean missile into SeattleIt would be much more prudent to take out the N. Korea in advance

The baggs under his eyes has me a lil worried....if he's not sleeping well...he know's something we dont !

Dear USA: Please launch a pre-emptive strike against the silly leader of north korea and save the north korean people from oppression and the rest of us from having to listen to the gosh-awful #$%$ and moaning emanating from that stupid litlle man's cake-hole. Now. Please.

americans just cant wait to see if they can kill more korean children then they did in the middle east.

Jew-propaganda-machine are at war with little north korea in our name [USA].Jew-lobbyist using a black president to threaten little north-korea,it none of our [USA] business, let china and russia worry about it,USA are broke fighting and dying for supporting israel/jews war in iraq, libya, syria, iran, afghtan, palestine and ME.

North Korea has threatened to attack the U.S. with nuclear weapons, which gives the U.S. every right to launch a preemptive attack on that rogue nation. Remember what happened in the 1930s when no country or leader was brave enough to stand up to Hitler when there was still time?

A vital element in keeping the peace is our military establishment. Our arms must be mighty, ready for instant action, so that no potential aggressor may be tempted to risk his own destruction...This conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry is new in the American experience. The total influence — economic, political, even spiritual — is felt in every city, every statehouse, every office of the federal government. We recognize the imperative need for this development. Yet we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications. Our toil, resources and livelihood are all involved; so is the very structure of our society. In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist.We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. We should take nothing for granted. Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals so that security and liberty may prosper together.-D Eisenhower.

wouldnt it be cheaper to just bomb the #$%$ out of them?If it gets to the point we have to do anything, we had better do it right this time and not leave any loose ends like we always do with these other third world countries. If we go in, anialite them so they don't keep coming back and biting us on the #$%$ like the Islamic freaks are still doing.

What? Obama changing his mind again?  What else is new.  If anything comes out of the President's mouth you should just assume the opposite.  He makes wonderful statements when he is running for office, and then takes them all back when he sees fit.  Can't stand him.  I feel sorry for the US under his command.  No experience, no military background, no foreign policy to speak of, no economic solutions.... and so it goes.

Usually, when a little tough guy is foolish enough to threaten someone bigger than him, he gets pummeled.  They should do the same with North Korea.

if N Korea keeps bothering USA..  send them the automic bomb and we get over it.  i am fed up already of these enamies.   terrorists,N korea,comunist,socialist.   i would turture them pulling their balls..... woman style....

Both Hagel and Obama are Impotent Cowards, we are in a Active State of War with North Korea (Temporary Cease Fire Agreement) and their response to a threat is to add missiles that won't be active for 4 yrs.

Why did obama wait so long and costing us millions more?? Boy that man and his money appetite!!

What ever happened to Platforms like the AIM-54 Phoniex missle on a Jet Interceptor, like the F-14 Tomcat before it was retired had on it. I thought they where designed to be mobile platforms and already based at sea on an Aircraft Carrier.

the only reason there is a north k is because during the 50s china setp in and made the americans fall back to the south k line and america dident want a war with china because there were a whole lot more soliders than there alince there for they would have to nuke them to save americans lifes and the RED SCARY WAS HIGH and knew it would be another world war and plus we had a bigger tuffer enemy RUSSIA to DEAL WITH DURING THE 50S AND 60S SO THAT TOOK A LOT RESOURES AND HERE WE ARE NOW

So why dosen't the USA set a good example and destroy thier nuclear arsenal?Oh yea!Because they won't.I don't like Korea having nukes either but the USA and the UN need to #$%$ off and stop making beds they have no right to.

They should call all taxpayers and explain how much their share of any spending is then maybe a 1 for yes 2 for no type thing."Reversal in the Obama administration", the whole administration should be reversed.

When you think about NK, think about the kids here in NA! They are the same sht!

i still think a flock of drones diguised as migrating cranes would be a good response to the little fat boy............................

The Democrats poked fun at Bush when he talked about the axis of evil...now who's laughing.

Of course south korea will pay the billion dollar cost or are we still thinking those asian  countries are so cute trying to act like their big brother the USA. Hyundai alone could pay the bill with some help from samsung if needed.....NOT AMERICANS

Here we go again, defending democracy in our countries Canada &amp; the USA, yet we support the economies by buying products in these Asian countries operated by Canada &amp; the USA because the labor is cheaper.Also showing them how to use military equipment made in France, Russia, Canada,USA God knows how many other countries. This is the 21st century, or we going backward? Wake up before its Too Late!

OH BOY! INTERCEPTORS!! WHAT in idiot!! AND when Kim decide's he wants to use a brief case nuke or perhaps a nuclear artillery shell!! suppose he puts one on a stealth drone! one that is hypersonic going at 4,000 plus miles per hour!! That can fly low to the ground if need be or perhaps launches from a nuclear sub!! Or maybe he will put one on a Malyasian flight bound for LOS ANGELES or new york!! Or pehaps some of his spies in japan will load it on a JAL plane bound for the u.s!! THeir were dozens of Russians walking around with briefcase nukes in the U.s during the cold war!  And vice versa! you really think a bunch of little interceptors are going to deter him!!!

Using little tubby to spend more tax payer money is really lame, so your saying all the money we spent yesterday went to guarding against the wrong threat? Sounds like we have the wrong people spending OUR money!

I remebe rthe democrats all giving Reagan #$%$ for wanting to build the so called, "Star Wars missle defense" are they learning?, Are they just hypocritical, Maybe in a few decades they will decide that smaller govt. and lower taxes are good things?

IF i was in comand i would launch right now 50 smart bombs and take out their nuclear possibilities as well as all military ranking leaders as well as their new criminal leader kim dungshit along with that ugly mother fu*(*(* dennis rodman ,and that is that...DO I HAVE YOUR VOTES ON THIS PRESSING CONCERNYou know, it would be nice if those idiots in dc would stop worring about gun control and pay attention to world wide problems?????

Nukes for north korea and nukes for everyone don't fear there not pointed directly at you maybe just a lil bit boom

Like in the cold war. We will spend trillions on defense. Instead of just settling the deal once and for all. How far can the people be denied their freedom and liberty. In the name of their safety.

The US lost the war in Vietnam and now Hanoi is the Capital of the one united Vietnam and Saigone became Hot chi minh city. One day Pyongyang will be the Capital of one united Korea if the Korean war breaks out again and Soeul becomes Kim Il-sung city.

The US defence benefits Canada too.

Now why are they getting ready to bomb another arab country, ah yes cause they can buly them. too bad iran dosent have nukes or is in bed with china, you know the US would do nothing, bunch of cowards

What if Obama whipped out his big ol black snake and waved it in the air inviting that cute little babe of Kim's wife to come "get some".  That would pee off the little korean money.

so you can threaten the most powerful country on the planet with the threat of a nuclear attack?and no responce is given?we need ronald reagan back from the dead.make his day fat boy!

once again the idiot americans nod their fat heads and agree that their military has a duty to keep communism from taking over the free world

Keep rattling the sabres Mr. Who You of North Korea and you will see the firery dragons of the US smite your natiion.Obama should just do everything against the conservatives wishes to #$%$ them off.