She suffers from pathological BS Syndrome.

Jodi suffers selective memory problems. She is a very cunning and manipulative person. She knew what she was going to do to Travis they day she rented the car and filled those gas cans. Then a few days before that she robbed her grandmother's house and stole the gun. The lies's are not working.

She admits she shot him.  She admits she stabbed him and slit his throat.  She remembers shooting him.  She doesn't remember stabbing him and slitting his throat.  How does she know she stabbed him and slit his throat if she says she doesn't remember doing so.

lock the moron up...murder could have been avoided countless times... she refused to leave him so it's on her.

Might be Blind Rage. He dumped her, was taking a new girlfriend to Cancun, and if she couldn't have him.....

If she is NOW (!) claiming Travis attacked her first, why, then, did she make up the story that the two ninjas killed him, the second story after she first denied any part in his death.  Then, when cornered by her bloody palmprint in the bathroom (and other points), she finally admits to killing him.  If Travis did in fact attack her first, that would have been the first thing out of her mouth after she was arrested:  "he attacked me first!"  Why, then, the rental car, the gas cans episode, the crime scene cleanup, the text message to Travis after she killed him trying to give her an alibi that she was sorry she never made it to his house, etc. etc. etc.  Hells bells, execute her for telling so many lies.

Elmer Fudd is under fire from Prosecutor Martinez.  Looks like Fudd is gettin' a little intimidated and red faced.

dissociative amnesia or convenience amnesia???

dissociative amnesia , sounds like our politicians are in this disorder

this expert is like Dr Monroe from the simpsons.waiting for the defense to call their own expert medical examiner Dr Nick.Dissociative... AKA... I don't want to go to jail so I can't recall what happened.

Dissociative amnesia??????--------------Oh, STOP, you're killing me!---Yeah, that might have actually been what Travis shouted right before he gasped for his last breath.  This trial is going on far, far, far too long!  The bee es is getting so deep, from Missy Murderess Nut Case and her defense team that I hear everyone has to put on high waders before entering the courtroom.

"her memory from the day is full of gaps"So is her BS story

I find this psychologist full of it. He based his findings on a test where she not only lied but he filled in some of the answers for her. The woman is a danger to any man she comes in contact with and should get the death penalty. She's playing this for all she can to try to get sympathy and try to lie her way out of the conviction. Funny all the sordid details she does remember when she wants to. She has lied all the way through this trial and even bragged in the beginning that "no jury will convict her". I don't feel sorry for her and truly hope she doesn't get away with this horrible crime. She planned it out without even batting an eye so to speak and she has tried to drag Alexander's name through the mud. She's not innocent and she is very aware of what she has done and how she is playing everyone in court. If they don't convict her, they are opening up the possiblity she could do it again.

Selective Memory...

She's the kind of girl mama warns you about.

Jodi suffers from being  caught in a vicious slaughter!!!!

Has anyone noticed this expert answers on the stand just like Jodi? You think he coached her?

Like my ex-wife testifying on her abuse of our child, and I quote, "I was lying yesterday, but today I am telling the truth", and she did this on three separate ocassions.   Women in court, especially lying, perjorous women, get a free pass in most courts.   How many lies does Jodi have to tell before she hits her limit.   The judge could fine or sentence her at any time for the lies she has already admitted.   The judge is allowing this trial to become a mockery.

Does anyone realize what this quack specialized in but could'nt be brought up in courtbecause of all Jodi's lies about Travis?Yeah...anything you say Whacko!

Expert my #$%$ A hack who will say whatever you want for money is more like it.

Yeah yeah...that's the ticket !

B.S. doctor. This #$%$ would say anything for money.

She remembers it was self defense.

Arias suffers from I'm Sorry I Got Caught Syndrome.

I am glad he is spending more than the 15 minutes I suggested.  It now appears that Samuels made his diagnosis of PTSD in January 2010 when Arias was still saying intruders did it.  So he based the test answers on the story (lie) she gave.

How convenient...

She shot her boyfriend 3 times, stab him 27 times and slit his throat. One of the speculation why she kill him is if she can't have him nobody can. But why did she go extreme in killing him. Why so much outrage?

i'd hold off any articles from this dr until mr martinez is finished with him,If Willmot ever hopes to become successful and credible, she needs to curtail her smirks and snarky looks.  She seems so pleased with herself when the judge rules in her favor she can't control her smirks.

So the psychologist makes a diagnosis that is in favor of the defendant based on a test where he admits she was lying.  I wonder how much Samuels was paid for this testimony?

The doc diagnosed her diary,,,and why should it be true?

Ok- will this be a problem for her when she is put to death?

If she has a amnesia and PTSD so how does she know at the time of killing it was self defense for her to kill Travis?

Whose to say that Jodi Arias hasn't had a previous experience with taking these kinds of tests.  Maybe she had knowledge of how the answers should be to be considered having amnesia and PTSD.  I believe it was just a plain Rage Killing by Jodi.

Some "expert"?!   He admitted he scored her PTSD test incorrectly (based on her 2 masked intruders story) and then admitted that he "probably should have" readministered the test when she finally admitted she murdered him.  Plus, he was hired to assess her---NOT to treat her.  Yet, he bought her a self-help book and sent her a "cheer-up" greeting card!  Has your doctor ever sent you a greeting card?!

I would to if I had done what she did....

If they pay me $250 and up per hour for a few weeks with a $40k or $50k minimum,  I will testify she is a blue martian with a black hole for a _____________ (fill in the blank).

Look at it this way.  If she has selective amnesia, maybe she won't remember the guilty verdict, getting the needle stuck in her arm, or the burning sensation when the chemicals fill her veins.  I'd say that would be a plus for everyone involved.The doctor sounds like she seduced him, too.  Oh boy...more kinky sex.

I have no sympathy for this stalking premeditated cold blooded murderer!

Why can't we all just get along?

"Mr. Samuels-could a person that murdered someone display the PTSD symptoms that you describe? Ah, yes, but they would have to be a sociopath.........."

More like "Selective" amnesia.

Firstly, PSYCHOLOGISTS are NOT experts. Maybe PSYCHIATRISTS are, but NOT psychologists. Secondly, the defense could easily say that Arias is suffering from whatever alleged ailment or affliction under the sun and coach her into displaying those symptoms. It happens all the time. Arias, in my non-expert opinion, is just a conniving liar. She had TWO versions of what happened until her lawyers decided on the third LIE. She is guilty of first degree murder.

Oh my goodness!  According to this guy, what doesnt she suffer from?

The expert is a quack himself.

Apparently Willmot is going to go over the same stuff several times also.  Does she think the jury is stupid?  Notice how Arias glances over at the jury at certain times to see if they are buying the story?   As I have posted before,  I hope Mr. Martinez will use 10 minutes questioning this guy and then dismiss him.    BTW, there is no proof of when Arias wrote these journals.  Samuels was talking about the entry in January 2008 - that was AFTER they had broken off their relationship.   Just another Arias devious story in my opinion.

The taxpayers of Arizona are paying this quack a lot of money for his BS diagnosis. Jodi is probably getting social security disability while in jail. .PTSD is enough to qualify her. I hope she gets the death penalty , very soon!!Good for her; then she won't remember it when they execute her. Next!

I am studying to become a psychologist, but with these type of practicing psychologists I am even ashamed to say what my studies are anymore. Aren't you ashamed to call yourselves psychologists? Amnesia? PTSD? what else? just in the name of excusing the actions of such vicious good looking girls (Arias, Casey,etc)? no one says these might not be symptoms she might exhibit, but clearly she is suffering from something close to being a murderer than anything else. If these ppl would be treated in time with appropriate treatments for their symptoms we would not be in this outrageous mess...

Is he really a doctor or is he (actor) Boss Hogg from the "Dukes of Hazzards"?

So, if you cannot remember it, that's a good excuse?  What does this have to do with whether the little psycho killed her boyfriend or not? She killed him, admits she killed him.  Stabbed him in defense 29 times. So her memory is little hazy. BFD.

She is nothing but a liar, she killed him out of jealousy.  I hope the jury sees thru her and gives her the death penalty.  She should be executed the same way she killed Travis.

The only thing she suffers from is a lack of anyfeeling, remorse, acceptance of her guilt, or normal human emotion. Shes got a bigger judge to answer to than these idiots who allow this circus to carry on

The Reagan defense? She doesn't have alzheimers.

How long is this trial going to last??? Geee...... enough already!!

"Dissociative Amnesia" my foot, this nut job has SELECTIVE MEMORY LOSS when it suits her.  She can remember every little detail except when it is inconvenient to remember the gun and knife wielding.  GUILTY AS CHARGED!

Whatever the outcome, Arias should be nominated for an Oscar.The basic thing to remember is that everything is based on only what Arias has said happened.    No one ever saw TA with pictures of a boy except Arias, no one every saw TA be violent in any way except Arias.  No one ever heard TA talk of marriage with Arias.  They dated for ONLY 5 months.  The entries in her journal in Jan. 2008 when she says "there is something odd about him" was written either after they broke or after she realized he had no intention of her as a wife.  No one ever saw TA with a gun he owned, there is no record of him ever buying one.  While it is true there is a phone sex recording - so what?  That happens more often than we realize with people having a sexual relationship.  She herself willingly stated that they had a fantasy going on planning a video etc.  Everything she has said about what actually happened in their relationship, sexual and otherwise cannot be substantiated by anyone - again, it is only what SHE says.  The day she slaughtered TA is described only by HER and the crime scene itself does not support her latest story.   She has lied repeatedly and has had plenty of time to make up a story and to try and weave that around the self defense she now tries to claim.  She was a scorned and rejected woman and she set out in a rented car, with gallons of gas in cans in the trunk, with a missing license plate and with the "stolen" gun. When she left, Travis Alexander lay dead in the shower with a bullet wound, 27 stab wounds and a slit in his neck so deep he was almost decapitated.

H O #$%$ #$%$!!!"Selective Amnesia"?  Really?  She can remember every supposed act of lechery and depravity that she claims she only partly agreed to, but she can't remember killing him?  Well, ain't THAT convenient.  Kinda like Jeffery Dahmer saying he can't remember sauteing his victims, but remembers getting really bad indigestion after having them over for dinner.When are we going to stop letting women weasel out of the most heinous crimes imaginable because they can cry on cue, and play the victim so well?  This female is guilty. I know it, you know it, SHE knows it.  The jury OUGHT to know it...

What make her to kill her boyfriend? What her motive? What benefit or good outcome for her to kill him? Why did she kill him?

She can get all of the help she needs while she's sitting on death row.

Like I stated in my last post , taxpayers of Arizona are getting ripped off big time.   I seen on the news that up to this point it has cost $88.000.00 to defend this psycho- #$%$ ..

I call it "selective memory".  She's a lying #$%$.  I hope this time a GUILTY is the outcome.

Please! She's a psychopath! End of story!

I am surprised the feminist media, like Time and the NY Times have not declared her 'Woman of the Year' because of Jodi's formulaic defense using all of the bogus excuses feminism has built so that women can kill men freely for the least of reasons, such as he was abusive because he wanted to break up with a crazy, controlling and violent bi-itch.

Burn the B@#$% already!

With the shooting,and all the stab wounds wouldn't this beconsidered a RAGE KILLING BY ARIAS?I LOVE MARTINEZ! Eat s&amp;@ Samuels.

Amazing how she can be so poised and answer questions that are condemning so quickly with "I can't remember" or "I can't be certain" but she remembers without a doubt the things she wants you to believe. I think there is a term for that but last I checked is isn't dissociative amnesia. She is however the poster child for a sociopathic pathological lying murderer.

I wouldn't believe a word that comes out of this quack's mouth

Only thing this ho has is " i dont want to go to prison" syndrome lol

how convenient is that!  NOT!

Jodie.. she's going down.

I have a question, in this case and the defense deciding to try and make their case for self defense. Maybe it was self defense when she shot him if he was coming at her, but was it self defense when she stabbed him once, twice, three, times? Was this guy the hulk? Did he still pose a threat after being stabbed ten times? Was he still coming at her when he was stabbed 15 times? How about twenty? Was he even moving still when she stabbed him the 25th,26th, or 27th time? Was she still fearing for her life when she slit his throat? Was she afraid when she dragged his dead body into the shower? Maybe she was afaid on the last one, but fear of him, no! Fear of getting caught, absolutely. So cover your tracks, ditch the gun and knife, call his cell and leave a voicemail, then go to the new boyfriends house and play cuddle. Hmmm.... Sure seems like there should be a disorder we can use to make her look innocent in court right? How does her defense or her expert witnesses sleep at night?

I thought about and finally killed my significant other now all of a sudden I forgot what happened...help me I can't remember what happened....BS

That does it! She is innocent. The poor gal is being crucified by a cruel and heartless prosecutor. Free Jody.

Bottomline... was this heinous crime premeditated?   Even after being diagnosed with suffering from amnesia or PTSD which is after the fact/brought on by her own actions, this should not alleviate a person having to pay for their crime!  Her defense team is trying to save her life, but we (and the jury) should not forget that the real victim was TAlexander (now his family).  And how can a professional testify about Travis behavior if never reported as diagnosed or being seen that person?   It saddens me to see Mr Alexander continually being dragged through the mud.  It seems our justice system should better protect the dead that can not speak.  The only way this family will ever get an apology or I'm sorry if the verdict is "guilty."Yeah, Jodi has dissociative amnesia about as much as Samuels has an athletic body.

I'll tell ya, after an hour with me,,,she'd be suffering from more than that....She's a hottie.  Sure she wants to stab me, but I'd wear brass-knuckles to keep her nice &amp; feisty and prevent her from getting too-far out-of-line...

If a person gets drunk and runs someone over in their car and kills them. Should they be held responsible even if they can't remember a thing because they were blackout drunk? Why should her memory matter at all? She is guilty, convict her and then sentence death with no lenghty appeals and no stays of execution!!

OR, maybe she's NUTS!!!

she was gonna have a blood clot and concussion but hitlery(not tonight bill, I have a bloodclot and concussion)clinton thought of it first

You folks have probably come to the conclusions that these are the tactics of a defense council who's doing his darndest to throw all the chips in on a high profile case.  Hat off to him, he's created debate for the next 20 years of law school studies.  Try as he will, he's not going to have the same luck as Jose Baez, Casey's counsel in Florida.  Can't blame him for trying, but its over.  Gimme thumbs down on this comment, but i can tell you it's O-V-E-R.  One way or another she's not going to see the light of day for a long time, if ever.  The publicity is going to come back to bite them.  The jury isn't swayed.  Death or no, Jodi is done.  This case is toast.

I was baffled as to why Samuels was using an outdated DSM book on the witness stand....I was glad to see that he admitted that someone could fake his tests; proving that not only has Jodi changed her story multiple times on how Travis died, it is possible that she could have lied and made up some of the answers on the tests that were given to her....Furthermore, one of the many things that is troubling to me is the alleged Walmart return of the gas can and getting cash back. The few times that I have returned something at Walmart and had used my credit card, the rep would credit the charge back to my credit card. Therefore, the credit should have shown up on her bank statement.And, I thought that cash drawers had to be accurate; meaning that if the rep gave her cash back how would the cash drawer be reconciled at the end of the day? I hope that Prosecutor Juan Martinez has checked Walmart’s policy on this….I still would like to know why is this case taking so long?.....In my opinion, tax payers do not need to have to be put on the hook any longer…. The woman has changed her story time and time again on how and why the murder happened….However, the facts still remain:  The woman brutally killed Travis.  We all know that because the factual evidence has been stated to the jurors…....What needs to be decided is whether she will spend life in prison or get the death penalty…Prosecutor Juan Martinez deserves a medal of honor for being as patient as he has been while asking Jodi questions and having to listen to her answers….I hope the jurors are not being fooled by the small framed woman who brutally killed Travis our of jealousy…Love is not suppose to hurt….Love does not cause a brutal death by the hands of a person who is supposed to love them…Stabbing a person 27 times; cutting a throat from ear to ear; and shooting someone in the forehead is OVERKILL and certainly is not love…..I resent her acting like a battered woman…There are far too many women who have been actually battered and that is nothing to lie about…Let us all pray for healing within the Travis family and soon….God Bless!!

This person has a mind like a steel trap she can remember everything just trying to pull the wool over somebodys eyes but not these baby blue. I just hope it this trail doesn't end up like the poor little girl in Florida where they found her so called mother not quilty. This gal will end up killing someone else if their not careful.

PTSD, amnesia--a killer, is a killer.   Next question, does this condition stop one from committing another tragic killing?  Dangerous killers need to be imprisoned, in isolation, while being treated and/or awaiting capitol punishment.   Guilty!

CRS!!! CAN'T REMEMBER S$IT!!!!!She snapped when she found out he liked little boys more than her.

blah blah blah.. more psycho babble to help a #$%$ beat the odds.

I would like skullfuck her.

Okay .... time seved and lifetime propation.   Oh ...... give her a medal for killin' the little prik.

the prosecuter is a joke today!