The US State Dept confirmed on Monday that SYRIA fired rockets into Lebanon.  See other news story.

Yeah, but those flares are such a threat....

So they say something when Israel's planes drops flares but not a word when Syria's plane shoot rockets......LOL

When it was Syrian jets today striking Lebonan these worthless fools had no comments.

Who wrote this #$%$ ?This looks like false propaganda to me. Especially after the earlier report about Syria violating Lebanon sovereignty by allowing their "civil war" to spill out into Lebanon. Yes, the munitions (not flares) that hit Lebanon earlier today were from Syria (not Israel).Maybe next time Hezbollah will mind their own business.

Let's see:  The syrians have slaughtered 60000+ of their own, egypt is in flames, the turks and the kurds are at it, we've got the ongoing sectarian slaughter in iraq, and then there's iran.  And the lebanese complain about those Jews, who have been a sea of calm and quiet and self restraint for merely flying over their territory as it gets dragged into the arab/muslim conflagration?  These people really are crazy..and they get what they deserve.  From each other, no less.  allahu ackbar, indeed..

If true, just be thankful it's only flares. Probably just a warning to keep on your side of the border, or to keep the crazies in rein.

The flares would be "CHAFF"  and  Defensive flares..   Probably because something from "Lebanon" was trying to acquire a radar lock on the jet.

Drop bombs not flares.  Go Israel!

They should have been carpet bombing Gaza if you ask me.

then leave Israel aloneBetter Flares,,,go complaine about the rockets you idiots!!!

It's quite interesting that this happened a few days before Obama arrives in Israel...Makes you wonder.

islam is a cancer

They're #$%$ about flares fired by Israel, but it's OK for Syria to fire missiles? I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue- this makes no sense.

At least they did not drop bombs like Syrians.  Israelis want to make sure that Lebanon (read Hizballah) does not prepare surprises for Israel under present circumstances.

Syria attacked lebanon Israel did not. Yet the Anti Zionist Liberals blame Israel. True colors are showing.

go jews

The Arab Press is obviously referring to the Syrian Fighter jets that are bombing Lebagone.  These muslims animals can't fool me!!!

Imagine how this story would read if the headline was:----------------------------IRAN FIRES FLARES OVER ISRAEL---------------------------------

Should have dropped bombs insteadI have been saying it for how many months now?   Lebanon is next in line as soon as Syria is near defeat..     Where are the libwits that mocked it now?

THE HEAT IS ON!

The Israeli flares that were fired in Lebanon should be viewed by all as a show of power that Israel has over the Mideast region. Each of those flares could have been the weapon of choice of Israel. Iran should take heed now, because they will not enjoy the courtesy of warning flares,

So, Mark, am I to understand that you're a big fan of Hezbollah?

Their double teaming on getting the terrorists before they come to Israel.

Two type of aircraft flares. a. to illuminate the target  b. to draw heat seeking missiles away from the exhaust. The key is they were off the coast meaning over the water

If Israel wanted to violate Lebanon airspace then they will do it.

I'd rather have flares than bombs over my head any day.

the reason they drop flares you fin idiots is because lebanon the terrorist state must have locked radar onto thier jets. you f-in morons.

Assad's cockroaches are all over these boards pretending to be Americans; Hi all you losers!!!howko, 24 mins agoWell said !! They are indeed cockroachesIf Hezbollah in Lebanon make a move,I say clobber them....... and that's final : )

The bags are stirring the pot again.

Of course if Hezbollah were in compliance with Res 1701, none of this would need to happen.  But then again, have Arabs ever complied with UN resolutions (starting with Res 181)?

Just a show put on by the master race.

My fellow Americans.... Ignore everything after "Lebanon says".... thanks

I guess they would rather have bunker busters fired at them.

Assad's cockroaches are all over these boards pretending to be Americans; Hi all you losers!!!

Reminiscent of the nights Sharon light up over Sabra and Shatila so 1800 civilians would be murdered.

This is not provocation in the sense that an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure. They are watching - hoping for the best. But, preparing for the worst.

I thought Israel violated their airspace several times a weekIsrael violates Lebanon's airspace at will. But Lebanon had better not violate Israel's airspace, and neither should any other country. The Israelis can do what they want, to whomever they want. And you better not complain about it, either!

As long as Lebanon is "violated" by hezbollah, Iran, and Syria, I expect Israel to do whatever it has to for their national security. Its in the best interests of Lebanon for Hezbolllah to be destroyed and they should assist Israel by every means to meet that end.

The bigiots come out of the woodwork when ever Israel is involved the new found nations none who can trace their history back to more than idol worshippers. Then a theif names mad man of the desert gave them a single God the God of Israel and they have been on a killing spree since.

so what they really did is fire flares over the SEA!

Q:What is Military Population (Israel) best at?Ans: War.

The Jews have the right to live on their holy land.  Leave them be or God will answer the call again.  Even Mohammad acknowledged that the Jews were the chosen people.  Only when they refused him and tried to kill him, did he invent Islam and go on a rampage.  But look who has control of the land now?

Didn't Hezbollah recently boast about how their Iranian supplied drones were able to infiltrate Israel's airspace?

Israel has every right to defend herself..........so F..k Lebanon.

Flares over the Mediterranean...The Nerve.  Now all the Israeli haters will add more innocent lives to their list of evil Zionist Actions.  Mean while Syria is Bombing into Lebanon and ordering their lebanese lap dog Hizblomen to attack Syria....But its the Zionests we love to loathe!!!

Rockets rain down on Israeli civilians for months, escalating to dozens daily, innocent Israelis live 15 seconds from air raid shelters.Schools bombed, Israeli children killed? NO ONE SAYS A WORD.As soon as Israel takes steps to defend its citizens, the AP, the New York Times, BBC, etc.criticize Israel and readers go crazy!Why is that?!  Syria slaughters 70,000 of its own people, again no one is bothered.Proportionality? Or just antisemitism? Strange, twisted moral code.Shoot them down with Libyian weapons.

Despite the damage it inflicted on Lebanon in summer 2006, Israel achieved nothing vis a vis Hizbullah. Its daily flights are indication it is considering another go, perhaps after training its citizens to cope with thousands of expected rockets landing in its cities. Lebanon is on for bad times.

wake me up when lebanon becomes a state.zzzzzzzz

Oy Vey iz mir!

Most of the Syrian defections are over the land border. Israel will need to explain these activities over the coastline.

Meanwhile,Nassaralah continues to hide in his 6 foot cave with his 13 children.what a stink?

Jewish provocation in prep for Obama visit.

Nothing is more funny than terms like this, "Lebanese army", "Lebanese airspace " or "Lebanon's state-run whatever"........You have to be kidding, right? !!

The world must stop the IsraHelli warmonger policy in the Middle East.

Zionists / IsraHelli are the main cause of all mishaps in the Middle East.the ap cnn and yahoo news are affiliated with al qaida

are the aggressors gonna invade syrian airspace and attack again?

"The Israeli military declined to comment on the reports."What do they have to hide?

Until the sweet aroma of Hezbollah burning flesh is wafting over the Lebanese skies, the job is incomplete. The same can be said for Hamas in Gaza.

Everyone is violating Lebanon today. Aww

Calm down Lebanese, a little bit of fairy dust will not hurt you, especially you sob Nasrallah.

Lebanon is part of the holy land and belongs to Israel as promised by God in the BIBLE

google UN resolutions + israel

“Many [modern-day Jews] of whom have clamored to go back [to Palestine] NEVER had antecedents [physical ancestors] in that part of the world …. The OVERWHELMING majority of Jews are descendants from the converts of Khazaria and elsewhere who ADOPTED Judaism…. This VIEW of the NON-ethnicity of the largest portion of Jewry IS SUSTAINED by such prominent anthropologists as Ripley, Weissenberg, Hertz, Boas, Pittard, Fishberg, Mead and others. . “- Dr. Alfred M. Lilienthal-“… Though many Jews are NOT of Semitic origin, we are the religious, spiritual, and national [but NOT genetic] descendants of those who first formed the early foundations of Judaism who were Semites”- Rabbi Cyril A. Stanway in “Viewpoints,” Thursday, November 8, 1990, in the Sun-News (Las Cruces, New Mexico)-“. . these Eastern European, Yiddish-speaking Jews who form the Zionist group practically in toto [almost entirely], have NEITHER a geographic, historic NOR ethnic connection with either the Jews [Israelite Judahites] of the Old Testament OR the land known today as Palestine. “- Jewish Dr. Benjamin H. Freedman, published by the National Economic Council, Inc. as “Council Letter No. 177 (October 15, 1947)

Go to You Tube and input "What Americans need to know about Hezbollah" An excellent video to counter the ISOG propagandaMuslims bring hate, create hate and are hate. If they run for election to office and fail to win, they will blow up the building that represents the office.

Israel will drwa America into a war since they are famous for having others involved . We , taxpayers, will have to pay dearly.

So it's okay for israel to do fly overs and bomb lebanon whenever, but its not ok for Assad??

Google "Christian Hezbollah ally says he was targeted for death"Lebanese Christian leader Michel Aoun has repeatedly voiced fears that a collapse of the regime of Syrian President Basharal-Assad would bring extremists to power and take Lebanon’s larger neighbour back to the Middle Ages.

Who gives a #$%$? Syria just bombed you and you people want to #$%$ about Israel? Lol, gtfo. You people deserve your fate

Why can't the Jewish zealots expansionist and provocateurs stay within the borders of their own piece of blood soaked desert dirt !!

There just ain't no cure for stupid I heard a man say !!  And so it goes with the Lecherous Jewish zealots expansionist and provocateurs

What will the USA say to Israel . Nothing .

Meanwhile five Islamic suicide bombers killed eighty five children today, another average day in the Middle East. Islamic lunatic's killing everyone within sight and Israel is the bad guy. The stupidity is huge.

Incinerate Israel!Meanwhile five Islamic suicide bombers killed eighty five children today, another average day in the Middle East. Islamic lunatic's killing everyone within sight and Israel is the bad guy. The stupidity is huge.

Incinerate Israel!

Farid K aka IslamoNazi Deluxe

all we did was steal all their lands, throw white phosphorous on them, lie to the world for 65 years, swindled billions from America, blew up their schools, killed their children and then they throw bottle rockets at us, that AINT FAIR !!!

Give shoulder fired missiles to Syrian rebels.

Israel fired flares all night over Beirut. They were illumination flares.  Down on the ground militias were at work.  They were militias in service of Israel.  They slaughtered over 1,000 people in two different refugee camps in one night... in cold blood.Israel is a terrorist state, bent on getting more land for a Greater Israel, soaked in blood, and then preserved as an apartheid state.Americans pay $6 Billion dollars a year to support this.

flares?who reported that? why would isreal flare lebanon when syria already has it all flared up?. for what purpose? to see the lebanons get slaughtered by syria better?. somethings not right.

Israel should bomb the hell out of all of them now while they are preoccupied.

yes, those deadly Israeli flares..... seriously, Israel just rescued some UN peacekeepers, Israel is NOT the problem, unless of coarse your an anti semite (like a greek soccer player?), then, you know.... death to israel, bla bla bla

Next up, one of these Israeli jets is gonna get plucked outta the sky over someone else's airspace and Israel is going to cry War and expect the US to come running. If Obama sends 1 American troop to help Israel fight anybody I'm taking to the streets.This is from the YouTube video "What Americans Need to Know About Hezbollah"Hezbollah was made in reponse to the Israeli invasion of Lebanon. Most Lebanese, including most Lebanese Christians, support Hezbollah as they defended Lebanon from Zionist occupation in the 2006 war. The USA, controlled by Israel and pro-Zionist politicians, calls Hezbollah a terrorist organization, but ignores the fact that it was European Jews (Zionists) who colonized and ethnically cleansed Palestine in 1948 and it was them who caused the mess in the Middle East

Did someone throw a rock again

Israeli warmongers trying to start another war.

Israel playing with Fire!

Care to guess were the Israeli's got this equipment to sell:India blots out Israeli issuesMar 18, '13excerpt:"The defense aspect has been the most prominent peg so far. Israel's assistance to the Indian armed forces during critical times like the Kargil War (when it supplied much needed ammunition for its howitzers among others) was well received. India is estimated to have obtained over US$9 billion worth of equipment from Israel, ranging from multi-billion dollar Phalcon AWACS to unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV's). Joint cooperation in the production of long-range surface-to-air missiles (SAM) for the Navy and medium range SAM's for the Air Force are currently being executed, apart from other cooperation. "Asia Times Online

If all the Arab states put down their arms today, tomorrow there would be peace.  If Israel puts down its arms today, tomorrow there would be no Israel.

WE (USA) need a government that respect international law more than serving the Israeli lobby. We were the only nation on earth of any size to back Israel in the UN over a palestine state vote.  WE should be making policy based on international law.  Term limits on congress should help us to elect  candidates running for congress that actually work for the American good. We can sign a petition for congress term limits at term limits org.

Lol, the comments are so funny. Even when Israel starts #$%$ across it's borders, it's enemies are immediately blamed. Israeli apologists...

America needs to cut off all aid to israel and let it fend for itself

amazing.....with all the hell goin on in syria,iraq,egypt,iran and its big news....flares were dropped......Big surprise,Lebanon's National News Agency  is headquatered next to to Hezbullah's main office in south beirut

Israel is trigger happy. Have fun!

I wounder what the Israel planes saw on that night,surprise,surprise,surprise Lebanon! Now they know for sure in Israel

What we really need is.....Jews in Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace!!!- HOTW

Flares??? Big, freeking deal. They're going to get their as(s)es kicked again if they mess around in Lebanon.  Idiots. Maybe they'll do it when Hussein is there.

the Monster race aka the Allah chosen ones

George Edward Cecil Wigg (1900 – 1983), militaryman, turned immensely influential British politicianOn November 9, 1956, in the immediate wake of what's now called the Suez Crisis, Wigg made a speech in the House of Commons in which he strongly criticised the British, French and Israeli governments. The full text of his speech can be read here, but I'll just point out how he closed the speech:"For in sorrow must I say that I regret that after 2,000 years of wandering, of the ghetto,the concentration camp and the gas chamber, the Jewish people have learned nothing."

Lebanon is Palestine. Israel should take over Lebanon

damn Zionists respect no one.  if one of its neighbors did the same thing it would be made a big deal.  Zionists represent a threat to all in the area

Jewish zealot expansionist and provocateurs just doing what they do !!damn Zionists respect no one.  if one of its neighbors did the same thing it would be made a big deal.  Zionists represent a threat to all in the area

Jewish zealot expansionist and provocateurs just doing what they do !!

What no pictures of little crying babies wearing sunglasses.

Hezbollah Militia defends its Christians, and various other religions from both the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists that Israel never attacks, and from illegal Israel invasions &amp; bombingsGoogle "In Hezbollah stronghold, Lebanese Christians find respect, stability"

Hezbollah militia does a great job in protecting Lebanese multireligions &amp; ethnic diversity from both the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists who the West backs, and from illegal Israeli invasions, and bombings

whatsamatter?  doesn't the "libtard" international committee recognize "Peace flares" when they see them?Netanyahu mollifies the moderates he had to get in bed with in order to form a government by paying lip service to peace--his brand of "peace" doesn't come until all the Arabs are butchered or ethnically cleansed from Palestine.

The Lebanese complain weekly to the UN about the jets flying over their territory.  Nothing for alarm.  It sets a precedent for the future. No big deal and nothing to get alarmed about. People here don't think it is a big deal because when N.korea starts flying over our territory we will have to accept that it's no big deal.  The precedent is set.  We support it.

I'd like to see if these "Muslim Fighters" currently waging war on Syria will ever turn their guns on Israel and defend Lebanon??  Not in our lifetime!! After all, they're pawns of Saudi, Qatar, Jordan &amp; Turkey, and those guys are in turn, pawns of Western Military Complex!

Israel.... feeling left out from current bloodshed in ME?

The lebaneez don't deserve air space.No suprise here, the Khazar Judaists have been in war ever since they adopted Judaism in 750AD.

Get out the SAMS!Shoulder fired seem to be the best..-S/T

May the lecherous Jewish zealots of Israel reap what they themselves have sown !!  Never ending Muslim zealot retribution !!

The sky is falling !!!!!

Ahmadinejad's warnings coming to light!

Poor Lebanon has been violated again?

War.

Li'l 'tard Scottwipe thinks the ZioNazis have a free pass over Lebanon.Ain't that jus' like a J00?-S/T

at least its flares, and not phosphorus bombs this time!

ZIONAZI AGGRESSIONGood show Yahoo giving your Top Contributor to Resident for calling Muslims animals? The only animal here is Resident and the fools at Yahoo for allowing this, then rewarding it.

AARGH these arabs have nothing to do in their lives than come up with nonsense.

lmao. there is turmoil in syria so israel uses tis. while attn is on syria israel is preparing another attack on lebanon.

Hezbollah militia, Syria, and white Iran should be our allies in the War on Terror against the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists who our government &amp; media said did 9/1, and who Israel never attacks

the Monster race aka the chosen ones

Nothing says "No Problem" like rockets raining down on illegal settlements.

Israel like Syria and Lebanon have nothing America needs or wants so why not just let them all fend for themselves !!

Google and read"An interview with a "Lebanese Christian" about Hezbollah-Christian relations"

Declining to comment usually means GUILTY.

In December 2012 Israeli geneticist Dr. Eran Elhaik published his paper The Missing Link of Jewish European Ancestry: Contrasting the Rhineland and the Khazarian Hypotheses, which has scientifically proven that Ashkenazi Jews, 90% of the Jews in the world, are the descendants of the Khazars/Khazarians; the populace of the once mighty Empire, whose pagan King, and his pagans subjects, converted to rabbinical Judaism en masse in the 8th century.Dr. Elhaik spoke of a previous study which had claimed to have proved that Ashkenazi Jews were not the descendants of the the Khazarians, but instead proved that they originated from the Levant: "It is my impression that their results were written before they began the research. First they shot their arrow - and then they painted the bull's-eye around it."Unlike previous studies, which "proved" what the Zionist Khazarians wanted to hear i.e. they were they descendants of the tribe of Judea, Elhaik's study has been meet with silence in Israel, with virtually all historians and geneticists refusing to comment to the Israeli newspaper Haartez.Shoot their planes down! We should help. It's like Zbig said regarding Iraqi air space, we can have a USS Liberty in reverse.

Israeli is really turning into a war mongering extermist state.

Iran, please send heavy miltary equipment to combat the zionazi hordes.poor lebanon

there are conflicts all around that area, they spill over to each other, crazy!