Strengthen democracy or strengthen their pocket books? America is broke and fast becoming another Spain, Greece, and Cyprus.

The African leaders want to know where all the BO-promised handouts are.

I hope it's not for a new amnesty program............

"Obama to meet at White House with leaders from Senegal, Sierra Leone, Malawi, Cape Verde"---Headline. How come there's no one from Kenya?

Yep, definitely more important than what's happening here in the homeland.

Investments , We ain't got no Money.

With both hands out, they will meet! I see a fee 100 million headed their way...... off the sweat of you and I!

I see why he close the doors of the WH to all Americans. The organizer is organizing parties for foreign dignitaries. African leaders, Irish Leaders. Bet they had to pay a pretty high fee to get in the doors.

they will discuss innovative ideas, like electricity.

Have they come to bring their boy home to the motherland?I'm a little shocked he didn't go to meet them.  Barry LOVES to travel.

Our nation’s top historians reveal that the Democratic Party gave us the Ku Klux Klan, Black Codes, Jim Crow Laws and other repressive legislation which resulted in the multitude of murders, lynchings, mutilations, and intimidations (of thousands of black and white Republicans). On the issue of slavery: historians say the Democrats gave their lives to expand it, the Republicans gave their lives to ban it.The Democrats:◦Democrats fought to expand slavery while Republicans fought to end it.◦Democrats passed those discriminatory Black Codes and Jim Crow laws.◦Democrats supported and passed the Missouri Compromise to protect slavery.◦Democrats supported and passed the Kansas Nebraska Act to expand slavery.◦Democrats supported and backed the Dred Scott Decision.◦Democrats opposed educating blacks and murdered our teachers.◦Democrats fought against anti-lynching laws.◦Democrat Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia, is well known for having been a “Kleagle” in the Ku Klux Klan.◦Democrat Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia, personally filibustered the Civil Rights Act of 1964 for 14 straight hours to keep it from passage.◦Democrats passed the Repeal Act of 1894 that overturned civil right laws enacted by Republicans.◦Democrats declared that they would rather vote for a “yellow dog” than vote for a Republican, because the Republican Party was known as the party for blacks.◦Democrat President Woodrow Wilson, reintroduced segregation throughout the federal government immediately upon taking office in 1913.◦Democrat President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s first appointment to the Supreme Court was a life member of the Ku Klux Klan, Sen. Hugo Black, Democrat of Alabama.◦Democrat President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s choice for vice president in 1944 was Harry Truman, who had joined the Ku Klux Klan in Kansas City in 1922.◦Democrat President Franklin D. Roosevelt resisted Republican efforts to pass a federal law against lynching.◦Democrat President Franklin D. Roosevelt opposed integration of the armed forces.◦Democrat Senators Sam Ervin, Albert Gore, Sr. and Robert Byrd were the chief opponents of the 1964 Civil Rights Act.◦Democrats supported and backed Judge John Ferguson in the case of Plessy v Ferguson.◦Democrats supported the School Board of Topeka Kansas in the case of Brown v The Board of Education of Topeka Kansas.◦Democrat public safety commissioner Eugene “Bull” Connor, in Birmingham, Ala., unleashed vicious dogs and turned fire hoses on black civil rights demonstrators.◦Democrats were who Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the other protesters were fighting.◦Democrat Georgia Governor Lester Maddox “brandished an ax hammer to prevent blacks from patronizing his restaurant.◦Democrat Governor George Wallace stood in front of the Alabama schoolhouse in 1963, declaring there would be segregation forever.◦Democrat Arkansas Governor Faubus tried to prevent desegregation of Little Rock public schools.◦Democrat Senator John F. Kennedy voted against the 1957 Civil rights Act.◦Democrat President John F. Kennedy opposed the 1963 March on Washington by Dr. King.◦Democrat President John F. Kennedy, had Dr. King wiretapped and investigated by the FBI.◦Democrat President Bill Clinton’s mentor was U.S. Senator J. William Fulbright, an Arkansas Democrat and a supporter of racial segregation.◦Democrat President Bill Clinton interned for J. William Fulbright in 1966-67.◦Democrat Senator J. William Fulbright signed the Southern Manifesto opposing the Supreme Court’s 1954 Brown vs. Board of Education decision.◦Democrat Senator J. William Fulbright joined with the Dixiecrats in filibustering the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1964.◦Democrat Senator J. William Fulbright voted against the 1965 Voting Rights Act.◦Southern Democrats opposed desegregation and integration.

African leaders?  That's an oxymoron.

maybe....they could start talking about their ancient customs of child rape and sexual practices and go from there....of course, they will have the moral high ground....

Geez, we have international monetary and terrorist problems all over the world but Obama finds meeting with four African brothers to be more important for his time. Unbelievable.

Is he gonna send A.F.1 to pick them up ?? You don't expect them to get here on their own do you ?? Why don't he just save us a few bucks....and mail them the checks....??Why don't we discuss how we can have a little democracy and economic growth, right here..and let the Africans worry about Africa...

Hold on to your wallets America.  I see new foreign aid packages on the horizon.

How much money is he planning to give them?  Maybe he is trying to convert the leadership of these countries to the Muslim Brotherhood as well?

Hmmm.......plenty of money for Obama to host and entertain African Leaders, but no money to fund White House Tours for Americans. Plenty of money to fly off to Israel, but no money to fund White House Tours for Americans. The operating cost of Air Force One is over $180,000.00 PER HOUR, so when is Obama going to give back to American Taxpayers by taking a travel "CUT"? We're expected to sacrifice our time and money, but not him, he expects to SPEND more time SPENDING more of our money.You do the math.

opportunities to expand (their) trade and (our) investment.Take your "Hate America" club meeting elsewhere...

Obama told them "I'll get you foreign aid, IF you help get my 1/2 brother elected in Nigeria."

Hold on fokes here goes more of OUR money

You know if Obama says 'investment', it's is going to be another 'World of Welfare' handout...Watch him put the tax payers on the hook for another couple of billion dollars for his one man campaign to stop 'Imperialism' around the globe.

A GREAT 'TRIBAL COUNCIL' - no doubt!

Can we dance wiff yo dates

Great...There goes another 500 million down the drain after this meeting that we dont have...

Like father, like son. Anti-colonialists.

I thought it was closed for tours?

"Leaders" in Africa?? More like corrupt sponges.And just how much will this visit cost the taxpayers? Don't forget to add on all the money he'll promise them. Just what we need to fix the deficit.

Liberals in America83% WhiteThe new White racists

an obama " FAMILY..REUNION"............more Illegal aunts and uncles getting AMNESTY from barack hussein ?

oblamer turning 1600 pennsylvania ave. into a ghetto.

White House Tours canceled...betting there is a handout to Africa?

Maybe they'll want their slaves back

That explains why the tours are cancelled and a U-Haul is parked out back.

i'm really surprised that little barry doesn't pack up the family on several airplanes and make a vacation out of visiting these irrelevant folks.

Sounds like mo money and mo money headed to Africa.

What cha got for  me, Barack?  Can I get sm dem tanks and planes?They found his birth place.

Obama got super rich super fast, maybe he wants to share some of his wealth.

Here goes another Billions or Trillions on the US Tax Payers Backs.

Tell the brothers not to bring the kids

Good thing the GOP voted for the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act against those racist Southern Democrats, or they would never have passed

Obama's dog must be in hiding. The menu  will be !!! Roast leg of dog .,dog shis kabob or dog stew.  with orange cool aid.

Look, its the bro's meeting in the hood.At least Obama understands them .

Obama will give them all kinds of aid. Food, money, and maybe even arms and ammo. Count on it. I no longer trust Barack Obam aany further than I could spit!

Is he going to greet them in his native garb?

Justy a family renunionHow much is this going to cost us taxpayers?

Wonderful!I LUV the thought of my overtaxed dollars going to some African thug's Swiss bank account!

They are coming to collect their fair share from obamamama, and will get it like all the other countries have. It would be nice to have a actual president that cared about Americans as much as he does for other countries that hate us!

"African leaders to meet with Obama at White House"I hope they asked him to move home!!

Boys in da hood.

Family reunion?

Talk about a low IQ meeting.

Open your wallet here it comes. He will find money to give them, they will be able to visit the White House, but I can't? MODRAMA Obama you suck!!!!!

For MONEY, of course. Mr welfare wil try to give them trillions of dollars to make more black babies.

will this be a "black tie" affair??so they want to joining the united socialist states of allah thus bringing the total number of states to 61????

Will Obama meet with his uncle who is running for office down in Africa?  School him on campaigning, fund-raising dinners and vote fraud? He too can become a savior.

The Kenyan guy is gonna tell them how to forge a birth certificate

the african leaders will present obama with great business ideas,like the 8 track and the rubiks cube.

Must be a family reunion. The only thing missing is the Chimpnanzee.

Obama is discussing how to strengthen their democracy? why get into a discussion he knows nothing about?

family reunion?

here we go,let the party begin!...chittlins,bones in noses,Ripple,Thunderbird,Old English..potted meat,souse meat,pig feet,chicken feet.etc..........

I wonder how much these "Investment" are going to cost the taxpayers.

__ what's the difference between the african leaders and obama?let the shucken and jiven begin. obama doesn't have time for the PM  of Israel,  too busy campaigning, but he can see this pack of beggars. Hold on to our wallets.

Why? So he can give them money we don't have as well?

Watch your taxes go up after his giveaway................

I thought we had the African leader.

If true that African leaders or any of the Arab,Bosnia or Kosovo-Albanian Muslim rebel-terrorist leaders are going to meet with Obama in the White House any time soon,the poor&amp;hardworking American taxpayers be-aware!

do you know what Obama has in common with the American people??NOTHING

d-a-m-n it man!.....run Fido!   run!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Printing more money for afrika.

Do you think they will have a prom dance, reunion?  No money to let little American kids tour but plenty for these foreigners?

....they'll never get the smell out.Wow Obama finally having a meeting with somebody even more clueless in business than him, africans.

Sorry Africans, We have are own blacks that can,t feed themselfs.

Hopefully they are in negotiations to return all blacks to Africa.

and Obama will give them billions of your tax dollars, end of story!

Nuke them.

First recorded American slave ownerAnthony Johnson, Black, 1651Maybe they want reparations

Quess they will serve FRIED CHICKEN AND GRITS

What makes these African leaders think obama knows anything about democracy?

The White House is CLOSED !!!

so i guess you could say will have the AFRICAN QUEEN at home that night !He will promise money with no strings attached, and in 10yrs these very countries will hate our guts.

In other words, Brobama be bringin' mo of his tribesmates to his crib.

they're bringing obama's brother too since obama wont pay for his brother's fare!

Long lost family having a reunion, and they can't have White House tours.

( all laughing)  Man you really really screwed up this country how bout sliding some money our way bro.

Sounds like a slumber party for the Kenyan and his bone-nosed wife.

"Africans" meeting with a Kenyan in the White House but our own American kids can't be afforded a tour?  What a screwed up mess this joke of a politician is.

Kinda Strange....Africans coming to America to meet with an Arab Leader............

the company hired to delouse the white house after that will make a mint

WTH do they want , they are broke as hell! What  are they trying to do, BEG?? He needs to stop entertaining al of this b(u)lls(h)it, until we get our affairs in order! I'm getting real sick of him.Looking for money I'm sure.

Can they take him back?????????

Can they take Obama back with them, when they leave? He will feel at home over there.

"Evil has a certain look, no matter whose face it's on."

Inevitably he will either give them money or sign another free-trade agreement so he can ship more jobs overseas and blame it on the Republicans. Or both.

Lock up the silverware &amp; the china.

PLEASE DON'T GIVE THEM MY TAX MONEY....

Obama should feel like he is in good company,  being an African leader himself!!!

If Obama is having this group over for dinner, every one in D.C better hide their DOGS!

African leaders get to go to the White HouseBut not you, even though you pay for the placeHow nice they get to mooch off you tooWonder if Obama will get tips from Sierra Leone on how to force kids to dig for diamonds. Oblamo needs to raise more money to keep his welfare addicts happy.

Maybe they'll take him with them when they return to their native habitat

Maybe they can convince Obama to come back home.

Jungle Bunny,,, spear chucking lessons will be given by michelle afterwards...

WHY? There isnt much left of America to give away. I guess he could give them our unemployed blacks.

There goes the neighborhood.

More of our money thrown down a rat hole trying to get nations out of the 16th century.

Dear African Leaders,Would you please tell Obama to stop his pointless White House War on school kids before you will agree to enter into any talks with him???

whatever the reason it wont be good for the taxpayers, but now i'm sure racist holder will be there for his brutha's

Hey brotha, we hear you give billions to any anti american shzz bag in the world, just here to pick up the doe.I thought the White House was closed to tours?

Cut Foreign Aid by 2% every year for the next 10 years.

"...sumbuddy gwan to git ;tar babied;...yes indeed !"....fo shizzle

This must be a misprint. The White House is closed down to all who what to visit it. Cost to much money for the Secret Service to guard it these days we were told

boys in da hood? just great Obama meeting with more muslims. I think he will like having his own kind around him, since he is a Kenyan himsel#$%$rself why are his records sealed?

Hope they give him some advice about how not to turn the US into a third world failed nation

if i were Bo,i'd be little worried.

How much will that visit cost us?

He'll share advice on how to become King.

WOW ... "The White House says Obama and the four African leaders will discuss ways to strengthen democracy in sub-Saharan Africa and opportunities to expand trade and investment.Obama's Africa efforts have recently been focused on North Africa, where the U.S. is concerned about increasing threats from militant extremists — some of them linked to al-Qaida."LMAO ... How much will this s[hi]t cost us???I see they have the pronunciation of their names after the spelling.  Is that so Obama doesn't screw up?

Obama's democracy means bringing in the Muslim Brotherhood.

Obamas african family reunion...all his distant cousins, that will receive more tax dollars.

They're coming to plead to preserve the Democracy we once hadBefore 2009

After they get off of their prayer rugs barry will borrow more money from China to give to them.

Are we so poor now that we're making people come to us to pick up their aid checks?

Still, no budget..and more taxes..and more government restictions.

Sorry, Mr. President but we are back for more... green stuff..

What leaders. You have to have one to know one

Of course theee will be a handout.  The question is how BIG?more hard work money of the tax payers going to africa

Bottom line of the meeting:  "Hey, Kenyan brutha, give us lots of money."

It's payday for African leaders and they brought their own bags.

Check your back when attending White House.

obamaphones to be raffled off after meeting...

To discuss more Obama hand-outs no doubt.

There goes the neighborhood...

Here comes Obama's new White House cabinet.

The title to this article should be "African Leaders Meet at White House"

This person obama is a pox, a poison to the soul of our great countryIs Obama going to put a bone through his nose for the meeting?????

Obozo, a poor example of a leader(BENGHAZI) or an AMERICAN.

They never get the smell out there. Might as well have the British come over and celebrate the 200 year anv. of burning down the White House again.

Tomorrow I will search for a suitable tree to make such a drum.

Let's see.............African people can access the White House but Americans can"t.

What he's going to be in the White House and not traveling WOW Guess he's staying home to give more American Borrowed dollars away LOL

Africom will go foward! = the looting og africas rich minerals

Picking up their checks and food stamps?

They're there to ask brother Odumba "Where all da money at?"

White America shows it's class in Yahoo post. Good job. Really proud of you guys.Hunh, Blacks can get in, but a boy scout troop can't? Very interesting.

did they get to see the lincoln room?

THIS JUST IN LAST WEEK...White House is closed to American taxpayers....every f()ckin one else is welcome....way to go libs#$%$ on everything you touch

who left the martian president "no face jackson" off da list...............

One things for sure, republicans don't have room to talk.has been his call to dramatically increase U.S. foreign aid. In March 2002, Bush proposed an increase of 50 percent over the next three years through the creation of a Millennium Challenge Account (mca), a fund that would provide $5 billion per year to a select group of countries that are "ruling justly, investing in their people, and establishing economic freedom." That September, Bush released his National Security Strategy, which gave rare prominence to development and aid alongside defense and diplomacy. Then came his 2003 State of the Union address, in which he called for $10 billion in new funding ($15 billion total) over the next five years to combat hiv/aids in Africa and the Caribbean. This proposal was rapidly signed into law in late May, on the eve of the G-8 summit. And Bush's 2004 budget included two smaller initiatives: a $200 million famine fund and a $100 million fund for "complex emergencies." If these programs are funded as proposed, they will increase U.S. foreign aid from approximately $11 billion in 2002 to $18 billion in 2006 -- the largest increase in decades. Perhaps more important, they will also fundamentally change the way the United States delivers aid by making recipients more involved in setting priorities and by demanding greater accountability for results...

Obama is doing so poorly that even these African "leaders" say he was born in Hawaii.

It's like a family reunion of failures!!

watch for press releases on handouts to Senegal, Sierra Leone, Malawi, and Cape Verde!

WOW, Imagine all the hand sanitizer Bush would need if he was still there?

I take it the unemployment rate here in the U.S. is still above 18% as it has been for the last 4 years?Family reunion?

As soon as I say the headline I knew that there would be some truly amazing comments from the Yahoo trolls and regular illuminati who infest these comment sections with their bile and slime.  No disappointment ... as the usual suspects came through with flying colors (so to speak).Well, having spent some time in Africa with DoS, as have many friends and collegues, not to mention others who gave several years to the Peace Corps and similar endeavors, y'all should be aware that many of the Africans you denigrate were educated in Paris and London, New York and Boston, etc., and find your quaint brand of racism hilarious in the extreme.

about time that we recognize africa...china is already taken advantage of their economy and is fostering a relationship with africa.  we should have went into africa instead of china .. we would have less al-queda tgerrorists and china could go along slowly on their own.  we sold out our technology and china is on it's way to be the Super-Power of the world.  we lost big time, but hate will get you to lose not gain.  and racism is well alive in the good ol' USA !!

Easy, folks!  Barry just wants to reconnect with his past.  And by "past," I mean reminiscing about those glory days of his youth, when he hid in his room staring at a sticky copy of the Africa issue of "National Geographics!"

Oh cool - a family reunion.

wonder how much money the jack off is going to give them ?

Good grief.

Right wingers will find a reason to complain. Barring that, they'll make racist statements. Real contributors to the level of discourse in this country.

WHY

I think the nations of the world should be put on notice; all agreements are hereby cancelled.Village in Africa is comming to get the village idiot back............

First words from SODUMBA'S mouth,,, I got money

I love America

FAMILY REUNION TIME!

i hope they don't chimpout and throw feces at each other.

More new " friends " with BIG fat grins and their hands outstretched .... who do we make the check out to !

this reminds me the Greeks came meet the Messiah of Israel(Isaacs sons, not j-ws). the dispersed(lost, banished, migrated) tribes of Israel(not j-ws) that had settled and colonized Greece for over a thousand years, knew their origin and multitudes of them came to see, hear and follow the Messiah of Israel(Isaacs sons, not j-ws). the holy(PURE) People(RACE) banished tribes of Israel(not j-ws) accepted the KING of Kings and all of Israel(Isaacs sons, not j-ws) believed and followed after the Christ.but today, out of that BOTTOMLESS socialist/gaynazi/zionist PIT, SATAN(the adversary) as lightning(BARAQ) fall from(O) the heavens(BAMA) that has proclaimed itself "i-am-the-one-we-all-have-been-waiting-for" and every noisome BEAST and BEASTS of the field are oozing into that KKKommunisty organized crime unionMOB demonicrat plantation, to pay homage to all that all mighty offensive gaylord B O that fills the aire on that on that KKKosher j-w massa media. when the the vultures(anti-White, anti-America and anti-Christ gaylords) gather together to do all their racist, treacherous and reprobate DEMwit deeds against all of US, then the times are getting short, and that abomination(half-White mixbreed) of desolation(treasury thief) know it has but a very short time. IR CON DIOS.

family reunion

Osambo will give them money, but we don't have money for WH tours.

Arent they his relatives,just like a relative to show up wanting a handout!!!!!Rumor has it these countries will be placed on the american food stamp program along with the 47% of americans who voted for Obama. Who knows citizens of these countries may want to cross the southern border of the USA to get what all of our illegals are getting.

That should be a quick meeting

Will any missionaries be there for dinner?

The White House says Obama and the four family members will talk about screwing the american people some more.

I wonder how much public US money they will take back home. I hear they came in 3 planes, and are leaving in 6.

He is weakening the democracy of the U.S. so his homeland of Africa can become stronger!

Family in town for a visit and handout.

It's a family reunion.

number one topic,how can we get our people on usa welfare??--black and proud living off others!!

Family reunion?Perhaps if he paid more attention to improving Latin Amarica we would have fewer imigration problems

Is this the new hangout for the Neo #$%$, the KKK and the White Supremicists?

Maybe they can talk him into running for president in Africa. After all he is a citizen

This should be a nice homecoming for Obongo, meeting with his fellow countrymen and all...

Beer Summit?

Negotiating the terms for bringing another 6 million Africans to the U.S. Obammer promised free public housing, food stamps, welfare checks, and a speedy path to citizenship in return for the new citezens joining the Demo(communist)cratic Party and vote accordingly.

the title should read African leaders meet with Obama to get free money"

The checks are in the mail

How ironic

And fear of the black man continues. Dam it's been 5 years of no black issues. One little meeting and white folks lose it... "oh God he's plotting with the brothers!" Chill out yall, it's only a meeting. Business as usual is still at hand.Reunion?

You have to admit he is a great host.... so many feed off of him.

Will he invite Van Jones? Louis Farahkan? Maybe Al Sharpton..Jesse Jackson? Gee this is the making of a whole new party. Is a white person from Africa who moved to the US a African American? Geez, I think so.

Why?

Well, I sort of avoided reading the forum comments for this story, because I figured the "virulently racist" contingent of the tinfoil-hat brigade would be out in force.Apparently, I was correct.That's pretty depressing.

wheres all this money coming from?

____bubida____has lots of hot babes ready to please

Maybe they are comparing notes on how bad African national leaders are!

There went da neighborhood.

BLACK POWER, LOVE IT.They would like to know if they can have access to our animal shelters as there running low on dogmeat, obama doesn't like that idea as he's fond of woof woof.......

Hey Klansmen, do you guys accept memberships for blacks now. We bout to come take over the Klan too. No bags in the heard though that's some coward stuff. We can go hunt some space aliens...

why?.....for what real purpose?.....Oh yeah, I guess Obama doesn't need a real purpose.

africa you must stop selling your soul to the west obama is a commie and a homosexual stay away from him

The last time I checked we had no black president.I thought God would try a black pope before a black president.

Tell them that all muslims in their verious countries need to be wiped out, especially those in Nigeria,if they re unwilling to do it, the u.s and the western world will do it.i miss George Bush,half of the muslim population would have gone by now had he still been in  the the office

These GOP Crackers act like the money is coming out their Bank Acct's.... SHUT UP!!! , And stop with your on going HATE!

This story is a magnet for many of Americas finest ignorant racists.

"Obama and the four African leaders will discuss ways to strengthen democracy in sub-Saharan Africa and opportunities to expand trade and investment". I guess they forgot to read  that. All they needed to see in the article is "african".

Republicans are in outrage. Republicans are so racist. Lincoln freed the Slaves and his party became the Confederate Party. Lincoln is not happy.Aww they use to have horses and whips now they just on the internet hidding. What a shame...

Instead of having these so-called African "leaders" (now that's an oxymoron, if ever I heard one) come to the White House, why don't we just send Barry Hussein O'Slime to Africa to meet with them? After all, Kenya, which is O'Slime's birthplace, is in Africa, too. And we can take up a donation to keep "the messiah," Barry Hussein O'Slime, in Africa permanently. See how those wonderful African "leaders" like dealing with the world's foremost narcissist.

Is this the new KKK hangout? Ypo where's the bag on your head? Oh I forgot you can't use it on the internet. How's your membership rating these days? Folks still paying that dues? I know its a rough economy out there. Just thought I should stop by and say hello to the boyz with the bags on their head. Remember be safe! D

Give them a bunch of AIDs carrying gaay Americans to help them.

China is heavily investing in Africa and reaping benefits. It seems to be in our best interest to 'discuss ways to strengthen democracy and opportunities to expand trade and investment'.

What idiots you people are. Oil baby,oil.

I think I am going to vomit.

And you Repubs say your not Racist, there are enough Racist comments on this site one might think he was reading a neo nazi propaganda brochure.

Africa leaders they are all crooks and this clown in the white house will give them more hand outs and kiss there #$%$

too many, many racist, ignorant people on this post. Not surprising.I think this would be a wonderful opportunity to pause for a moment and give thanks for the many great contributions of the Black community to our society. Their peaceful and generous nature make them ideal neighbors, lending testimony to their exceptional family values and parenting skills unrivaled by any other culture. Their commitment to academic excellence enriches our schools and serves as an example to all who hope to achieve prominence as a people. Real estate values are fueled by the influx of African Americans into an area due to their caring and respectful nurturing of these communities, an example of all they have achieved through their enthusiasm for self improvement by hard work and self-reliant can-do attitude. Without their industrious and creative drive, we would be poorer as a nation.

yea blackie on blackie at the white house...cant get much better than that.....going to dine on some collar greens and fried chicken.....you go brother odumbo you go...

maybe they can take president n****r back to his homeland.