"Rather, I think we succumb as victims of attitudes that don't permit us to have dialogue: arrogance, not knowing how to listen, hostility in our speech, attacking the messenger and so many others. Dialogue is born from an attitude of respect toward the other person, from a conviction that the other has something good to say"Well said, very well said.

I am neither Catholic or Christian.  Pope Francis is in a position to have an impact on many people.  It remains to be seen what that impact will be, but, time will tell if his impact is positive or negative.  Hopefully it will be positive.  It is too soon to decide.

The more I read about Pope Francis, the more impressed I am. He's a true man of peace. I hope he can bring understanding and good will to a world that badly needs them.

Our Anglican Archbishop, Greg Venables wrote of Francis:  Pope Francis said this:  "that the church needs us as Anglicans. I consider this to be an inspired appointment not because he is a close and personal friend but because of who he is In Christ."  He is very much supportive of others who have a working relationship with God.  Certainly divinely brought to the world.

Well, my parents have been married for 22 years in a successful interfaith marriage. I have seen firsthand the tensions between the Jewish and Christian religions, but I have also seen the beauty in both. Jews and Christians are more alike than they think. I like this new pope more and more. G-d bless him.

Everyone would enjoy dialogue if everyone would put down their weapons.

Atheisim is a belief that there is no God. I beleive they are acting on "faith" since they have no proof otherwise.The day you die will answer all your questions one way or the other.

God Bless Pope Francis, may he bring peace to the world!

I'm a Druze Muslim, born to a father of the same faith, and to a Christian Catholic mother...Don't have the opportunity yet to know more about the life and doings of the new Pope, but for what I see, seems that "both reason and light" are entering the Vatican, for a good cause, and "Allah" may bless and preserve such a man who has brought that light. I wish an Ayatollah like him will some day become the highest spiritual leader of Iran.

If you have a strong enough faith, it is entirely possible to have a dialogue with people of opposite faiths and remain strong. I have done it all my life. In the meantime, others have begun to understand why Catholics do many of the rituals they do, believe what they believe and so on............and they in turn have me more understanding.Catholics often call Jews our older bretheran, because, after all, the Old Testament was first, and Jesus was a Jew. At Mass, the first half is based on the Old Testament, and then the New.     You don't have to change religions or have violent differences to share thoughts.Pope Francis speaks fluently, spanish, italian, german, some english and french.  This Pope is going do an excellent job, very unique, caring and humble, he will also kick some boody :)

As a Protestant Christian conservative man, I have to applaud this new pope; he's traditional, yet, novel.I wish our party would operate in this fashion, when it comes to political representation of America's religious taxpaying voters. Libs?

I'm not Catholic but  Pope Francis seems like a good choice.

This is going to be interesting.  Finally, a grown up in the room.  Exactly what the 21st Century needs.  jmo

They killed his boss and now he want to be their friend. go figure.

I read several posts.  Why are you fools so afraid of another person's religion?  All religions are based on some version of the 10 commandments.  Believe what you want and leave everyone else alone.

Pope Benedict was correct what he stated about the Muslim religion. The Byzantine Emperor knew it one thousand years ago and if some do not know it today look at all the blood thirsty murders of innocents throughout the world by Muslims in the name of Islam !

christians, jews, muslims; we are all the children of abraham, we all look to the same God. we have much more in common than we do in difference.isaac and ishmael made peace with each other, together they buried their father. there is a lesson to be learned in that.

The big question will be if he (or any religious leader) can breakthrough Islam.

There is only one faith, and any dialogue with any other "faith," is hypocrisy.  There is God, and there is salvation through Jesus.  That's IT.  Anything else is false worship.If you have any hostility toward any other religion.Consider yourself the war mongrel that you despise !

In most Rabinical schools, there a Jesuits as teachers, and in the Jesuit College I attended, there were 2 Rabbi's in the Theology Dept.  Who Better than these teachers/

What next, interfaith between Catholics and Muslims? Buddhist? Athiest?Would Jesus interfaith with the Devil?

God wears many hats. This pope sees that and appears to welcome the relationships with other religions.

Yep, just the "Novus Ordo", the False Church of Vatican II

Some people realize the human brain isn't capable of coming up with a TRUTHFUL explanation for all of this. They live with it even though it makes them nervous at times...they live with it because they have been lied to in the past about things that were important to them and know it. They call themselves atheists.Others, believe stories that humans have been told for millenia. They have FAITH that these stories are true. They have no way of proving their truth, but they need to have faith that they are or they will go insane.The limits of our brain forces this kind of existence on us.

Very well said:""Everything is lost with war, everything is gained through peace," Bergoglio said then. "With peace wins victory and respect."And the following applies practically everywhere:""Is it true that Argentines don't want dialogue?" Bergoglio asks in the book. "I wouldn't say so. Rather, I think we succumb as victims of attitudes that don't permit us to have dialogue: arrogance, not knowing how to listen, hostility in our speech, attacking the messenger and so many others. Dialogue is born from an attitude of respect toward the other person, from a conviction that the other has something good to say.""It appears that we have a very good Pope. Time will tell.

Why did the Jews kill Jesus?(John 18:36) Jesus Answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews:

I'm really amazed at the bigotry and hate spewed here.  well, maybe NOT.

What a disappointment, I can't believe he lit a candle for a jewish ceremony.  How can he even call himself a Catholic?  Love thy neighbor as thyself but don't embrace their religions.  try getting a muslin into a Catholic church.New World Order coming to a city near you.  By no other Name can one enter the Kingdom of God. JESUS is the way and the only way

And the Pope responded by telling the Jews"please dont tell me the KRAP about holocaust,and by the way you BAST**DS killed Jesus".

WHY is it so important for Catholics to kiss butt on Muslims, Jews, and all the other non-Christians?  Do you ever hear about some Jewish Rabbi being super awesome because he gets along with Christians so well?  Why is it so important for us (and Im not even a Catholic) to bend to everybody else?

I am a Buddhist and will expect Francis ' s call soon.

God Bless Pope Francis

Pope Francis is going to bring us all into a new era of understanding, peace and kindness!

How can you foster interfaith dialogue as a Christian? It's either an eternity in heaven or an endless nightmare of death and sadness. Weeping and gnashing of teeth. And you already know the truth? Why encourage demonic behaviors? Shouldn't we as Christians be guiding people toward the truth? I don't care what other people with religions think about me, the truth is the truth, but encouraging people to continue worshiping false gods is basically like walking them right into hell. Seriously, this needs to stop. Take a stand and prepare for the hatred from the world because we are set apart from the world. Those who don't listen, shake the dust off your feet and keep it movin.'

A good opportunity to grow in love and faith and peace for both Christian and Jews.  For centuries we Christians have threatened and murdered and force converted Jewish people.  The historic transformation of our relationship can be an example to other faiths that we can all be compatible if we recognize that God is in each other. Peace, Daniel B

Moslems don't like Jews because Jews think they are Gods chosen people , Jews don't like Moslems because they don't care to believe that Muhamed was Gods chosen messenger, and they both don't like Christians because Christian think Jesus was the son of God. Being an agnostic I think they are all a bunch of nutters

Good job Pope...  you worship a Jew .... Thank youJesus sent the Holy Spirit , not a pope!reread the gospels!

(John 7:13) No one of course would speak about Jesus publicly because of the fear of the Jews.

The Church has no issues with other faiths, only with Leftist/secular zombies that need to be exorcised.

Jews believe they  are Gods chosen people the rest of you are something to make money from.  "Believe it or not" an athiest or agnostic will tell you the truth A jew will  smile and shine you on just like an  Arab

Jewish leaders are glad he isn't another Nazi.

When they were voting for the Pope he was so far down the list that he thought no way would he be chosen, but they all had to be vetted and everyone ahead of him had to  be ignored because they couldn't pass the morality test he was their last hope.

they are all paths to the same god so they should get along

Catholics and Jews should be in harmony, since Catholics are essentially enlightened Jews. There is however a fundamental difference between Jews and Catholics that cannot be bridged! This is the indisputable FACT that Jesus Christ is the Messiah, who was born of the Virgin Mary, through the power of the Holy Spirit. He who suffered, died, was buried, and arose in fulfillment of scripture. This is a truth that Catholics want to share with Jews! We used to pray for their conversion until the Catholic Church caved to political correctness.

Everyone should believe in something, I believe I'll have me another Drink.

As long as you have impassioned believers from all faiths you will have an adversarial component throughout the world which means continual unrest. What is suppose to advocate world peace religion has only produced religious wars, killing, rape, pillaging, deceit, murder, discrimination, brainwashing, lies, fantasy, failure, pain, disillusionment and suicide.It won't hurt the Catholic church to have a likable leader.

Jeremiah 3:8I gave faithless Israel her certificate of divorce and sent her away because of all her adulteries. Yet I saw that her unfaithful sister Judah had no fear; she also went out and committed adultery

Will Christians continue to suffer from the Jews?Thessalonians 2:14-1614 For you, brothers, became imitators of God's churches in Judea, which are in Christ Jesus: You suffered from your own countrymen the same things those churches suffered from the Jews, 15 who killed the LORD Jesus and the prophets and also drove us out. They displease God and are hostile to all men 16 in their effort to keep us from speaking to the Gentiles so that they may be saved. The wrath of God has come upon them at last.

Woe to the JevvsMatthew 10-32-3332Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.33But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven

The fact all of these radical leftist reporters are busily "piling on" Benedict makes me miss him all the more.

Now if the Jews will just listen to this man and give some money to the Catholic church. HA HA HA HA HA HA .

Tomás de Torquemada also tried to open up lines of communication between people of the Jewish and Catholic faiths.

But what will our new Pope say about the forced military occupation and Apartheid of Israels neighbors by this Jewish state? We shall see.

(John 14:6-7) Jesus said:"I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. If you know me, you will know my Father also.

Let's never, ever forget....the Jews sold out Christ because he was a threat to their business ($$) and high positions within the Jewish faith.  (Jews prompt Jesus' execution and say "His blood be on us, and on our children", [Matthew 27:25])   .... P.S. I won't be reading ANY of the responses from nerdos out there who try to reinvent this accurate passage.  In short....never trust a Jew.Oh to those that wonder what Jews believe in re Jesus, I offer the following.  Jews believe:- he did exist around the time mentioned.- he was a Rabbi.  Preaching Jewish laws, just presenting them in a simpler, easy tounderstand way to the masses.- he was tried by a Roman "court", and of course found guilty.  in modern times we refer tothis as a kangaroo court.  then crucified -- the preferred method of torture and execution bythe Romans.Jews however DO NOT believe Jesus was the Jewish Messiah.  Nor the son of G-d.  Although human in every aspect, he may in fact have been a prophet.

I've spoken to some of my muslim colleagues, they truly are amazed by Pope Francis. Peace is truly on side.

Do not judge of what people are. Let us understand that there are good Christians as there bad Christians; there are good Muslims as there are bad Muslims; there are good Jews as there are bad Jews; there are good Buddhist as there are bad Buddhist, there are good Hindus as there are bad Hindus; etc...; It is man's development or evolution that speaks for its quality. Ismael Benedictum

there will be no peace

working towards the one world religion headed by the anti-christ.

Is he going to apologize for the crusades and the inquisition?

In Gods eyes you're all butt heads................

PROPAGANDA news ...!!!

Now there is a genuine renunciate monk as Pope. The Gays poisoned the last two for disapproval of their criminal activities. The new Pope is a total peacemaker. Will he survive the Gays now seeing an even easier target?

beware of the false prophet as in the end times. The anti Christ will show nextIt's like this with every new pope.  Give it a year, the love affair will be over.

If you don't like it,    Laud you  !!!

"The Protocols of the Elders of Zion" is real and everyone should read it.  I don't like Glenn Beck one bit but look what happened to him once he started turning everyone's attention to the protocols, he was fired right away.

Read Revelation 13 please. The first part describes the Antichrist, the second part describes the False Prophet. Keep watch, people! Keep watch!

I don't trust this guy.

GO POPE FRANCIS!  THE WORLD WILL FOLLOW!

Birds of a feather flock together. The so called catholic church means anything goes. Just like the world thinking homosexuality is the right thing to do. Just a bunch of un educated people on the Bible. They don't know if they are washing or hanging out!

here we go again ~~~  Jewish control of the pope.

Great guy, but I wouldn't want to be sent out on a plane over the Atlantic by him.  It's not known as the "dirty war" for nothing.

Pope had to apologize to the jews for "Not doing much' to save them from #$%$ 70yrs ago. Did pope apologize for Blacks &amp; Africans for using slaves just 100 yrs ago ??He'd better pay tribute or else he'll be villainized.

Jews,Christians and Muslims are like family. Abrahamic religions. Same origin. Check out Lubar Institute in Madison WI

It was a lovely encouraging story.  Sorry so many haters out there.  BTW, Jesus, Mary, and Joseph were ALL born JEWS, lived as JEWS, and died still JEWS.  And, Christians of all denominations every Sunday pray to that JEW.  And I might add his mother, the Jewess.Enjoy your day.

.................the fulfillment of John 17 is the hope for the pope.................................

Seems like a down to earth guy.  Congrats to him.

I lauded him to . I said "Laudy laudy, laudy, deys be real lized that deys all believe in da same imagine nary friend. We's #$%$ now.

now if he would get rid of the onerous and idiotic celibacy debacle, the church could move on. it isn't like celibacy rule was there from the beginning. it flies in the face of human nature, as we have seen

Why do Jews hate GOD?( John 15:23) Jesus said: Whoever hates me hates my Father also.

I like all Popes so long as they don't try to kill us.

This pope scare me.  If he is trying to equate all faiths as being equal to Christianity, then he is not of God.  Accept everyone as made in the image of God, however, you also have a duty to lead them toward accepting Jesus as their Lord and Savior.THis truth is absolute, and not subject to negotiation.ecumenism might sound all warm and fuzzy but this movement could  open the doors for people to accept the anti-christ/new age messiah.its one thing to have tolerance for other people's practices and another thing to say that everyone worships the same god and will do together kumbaya in the after-life....

I'm still waiting for gay Muslim marriage.

If Pope Frances didn't speak-out for (Los Desaparecidos) of Argentina, what makes Non-Catholics think he would Speak-Out for them if they were being Tortured, Murdered and Tossed away so the world would not see the evidence.

"Actions speak louder than words" and as I read about his background and work, I pray that he gives the world hope, inspiration, and a belief that all can make a difference and find peace.  You make think I am naive but sometimes one person can make a difference.  I look forward to his mass celebration.

What do a bunch of people with different beliefs get together and talk about? Is it how they can exclude this part or that part of what I believe so we can all get together hold hands and sing songs on into the sunset?What about THE TRUTH THAT IS GOD's WORD that says a statue of stone that a man built can't teach Righteousness. Or that a man who was just as flawed as I am, [was because he is dead now], but just as flawed as I am can forgive my sins and iniquities? What about THE TRUTH THAT THE LIVING GOD Imparts HIS HOLY SPIRIT in me to help me on this journey that can be tedious at times, but HE never fails to see me through? Can your god offer in TRUTH these Beautifuls? Does your god teach Holiness with THE ONLY FOUNDATION THAT IS JESUS WHO GAVE HIS LIFE for me, for the world, then GOD Raised HIM On The Third Day, so that in the end, I too and other Believers, can live again. Can your god really Save my Soul and Save me from a burning Hell? THE GOD that I serve is THE CREATOR And HE IS TRUTH ALWAYS And Forever, shall I now call HIM a liar just so I can please someone who will lie to me?I guess I could go on, but if a person has Faith in what they say they Believe in, then how can one then exclude TRUTH?

What a sellout.

It seems that Christianity has become under the control of zionists.  I must say that you zionists are very impressive in how you plan and execute.  When do you think all of this is gonna come crashing on top of your heads?

Zionists' control over the Vatican seems to be progressing as planned.  Who so ever controls the Vatican controls ~1.3 billion people around the world.

....still waiting for the Jews to apologize for killing Christ.

Jesus Christ is the ONLY way. ALL other RELIGIONS are false including the harlot catholic church and their ritualistic religion and idol worship and constant pushing for peace and unity with other (false) faiths (universalism/interfaithism) that is only leading them to eternal HELL. not to mention the past atrocities of the RCC; killing all the true followers of Christ and they still call the pope the holy father...BLASPHEMY.Now it's time for some Muslim Leaders to take some responsible position on the fanatics under their faith.

The new Pope has been implicated by countless witnesses in the interrogation ANDTORTURE of Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics. Read erbitsky’s book, TheSilence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio.He was convicted, and he’s in jail, in acommon jail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasn’tpunished him, in canonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but bythe church standards, he’s always a priest. And this tells something aboutBergoglio and the Argentine church also. Christian von Wernich, who was a formerchaplain of the police department in Argentina and also later was convicted ofbeing involved. He was convicted, and he’s in jail, in a common jail, but theArgentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasn’t punished him, incanonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but by the churchstandards, he’s always a priest. And this tells something about Bergoglio andthe Argentine church also.

1 Thessalonians 5:3 ...THE END IS HERE!

My holy cow sez she is the one and only....

i hear he is going to start a condoms for clergy program

Many of Pope Francis I friends are now in jail for their active role in thetorture and murder of 30,000 dissidents by the Military Junta. Members of theJunta have said Bergoglio (now Pope Francis) took an active role in the tortureof left wingers and advised the military on public relations in that regard.

What? The new pope looks Jewish in that photo!

Pope Frances should free up all souls that got stuck at purgatory.

Vicarius Filii Dei + Powerful Nation = NEW WORLD ORDER

and the blind fold falls again over the eyes and ears of life yet god truely knows and can deal with anything they bring lies tooInter faith dialogue ... ok ... maybe the pope may liase with some those sourthern snake ministry churches.... could be worth a laugh or two

Are the Jews still asking the Pope to pay the bill for the Last Supper?

we know why altar boys' hair is parted in the middle......mkay?

Any thread on religion is guaranteed to bring out the tin-foil wearers

probably the biggest perv of all....

I will "laud" the 1st Pope that embraces Judaism since Christians took the Jewish religion, put the name "Christianity" on it, then called it their own. Amazing that Jesus never intended for "Christians" and Jews to be separate, but Roman Emperor's did. Christians chose the way of the Emperor.... Smh.

He needs to convert these heathens to the true Faith!

According to Malachi, the last pope would be 'Petrus Romanus', which is the same as saying 'Latino Pope';Petrus, "Peter" is equivalent to "Pope";  Romanus, "Roman" is the synonym of "Latin", which in Spanish and Italian is "Latino".So Pope Francisco is the last Pope!

Martin Luther was correct...the office of the pope represents the anti-christ. The office of pope fits the description of this. Read about it.

We are self-aware. We are aware of our own mortality. The Flight -Fight response to an anticipated death results in death anxiety. Resulting in the 7 stages of grief which are, shock, denial, anger, bargaining, depression, testing, and  acceptance.Plato (429–347 B.C.E.) in his Apology, due to the Cycle of Opposites, states that since people are alive they must have been once dead thus the human soul is immortal.   Furthermore, in his Platonic Forms, the material world is merely an imperfect copy (eidôla) of a perfect Idea (paradeigmata).  Hence, the flesh being material is imperfect and the soul is perfect.  Likewise, ideas are superior to material proof.   Plato again uses an analogy of a chariot drawn by two horses.  The charioteer reining the two horses represents rational thought, the good horse by the obedient will and the bad horse by earthly appetites.  With these analogies Plato espouses asceticism and self-mortification to  purify the immortal soul and mortify the flesh.   As a result from our denial of our own mortality we are reduced to live a life of mortification, self-loathing and guilt simply for being a normal human.  If this remind you of your religion there is a good reason! Plato’s philosophy  influenced  Philo of Alexandria with Judaism, St. Augustine of Hippo with Christianity.  Plato also influenced Avicenna and Averroes with Islam.Merriam-Webster’s dictionary defines faith as “firm belief in something for which there is no proof.” Conversely, Merriam-Webster’s dictionary defines the scientific method thus, “principles and procedures for the systematic pursuit of knowledge involving the recognition and formulation of a problem, the collection of data through observation and experiment, and the formulation and testing of hypotheses.”     The primary difference is the amount of proof required for an idea before accepting it as truth. Whereas Religion claims it is the absolute truth, unchanging and is zealous.  Science is a journey toward truth, it is self- correcting and is impartial.  Furthermore, many religiously believe in an idea even if there is proof to the contrary. The more emotionally invested we are in an idea, the less likely we are to listen to reason.  Whereas, there are many subjective perceptions of reality, there is only one objective reality and one absolute truth.  However, to ardently accept one idea often precludes another idea as truth. This inhibits furthering our understanding of reality. This is not merely an academic exercise, to be practical, it makes life a lot harder than it has to be. In fact, accepting things as they really are may be essential to our very survival. Also, the better we understand reality, the better we can utilize that knowledge to actually achieve some of what our heart most desires. All we have to do is to find the courage to accept our own mortality and live life to its fullest. Carpe diem!Revelation 6:2: The White horse of the apocalypse.

Another article about Jews from Associated Press...some desk editor must be giving bonuses for each pro-Israeli article written.

One World Religion is underway.

yay... Another israel-firster.

To their credit Evangelical Protestant Christians would never tolerate this kind of nonsense. JESUS CHRIST IS LORD. As a Catholic I find it a scandal to participate in interfaith dialogue.

just hope he doesn't cover up sexual assaults of children by some of these perverts... religion = control

can't we all just get alone ........words from the great pope "Rodney king" ...lol

O SON OF MAN every time they reject a Messenger who we send among you a NEW RELIGION has to be established. For they see things based on their own Fantasy.I AM THAT I AM.2929.All Religion is "ONE" and came from the SAME source yet they await for a PHYSICAL MAN to descend from HEAVEN call JESUS.I AM THAT I AM.2929.O SON OF SPIRIT! The best beloved of all things in My sight is Justice; turn not away therefrom if thou desirest 4 Me, and neglect it not that I may confide in thee. By its aid thou shalt see with thine own eyes and not through the eyes of others, and shalt know of thine own knowledge and not through the knowledge of thy neighbor. Ponder this in thy heart; how it behooveth thee to be. Verily justice is My gift to thee and the sign of My loving-kindness. Set it then before thine eyes.O SON OF SPIRIT THE AUTHENTIC LANGUAGE OF THE the Holy writings are only for those who receive the Message.OSON OF SPIRIT recite the QURAN in the WEST in ENGLISH.O SON OF SPIRIT do not exalt yourselves reciting the QURAN in ARABIC for MUHAMMAD was illiterate.O SON OF SPIRIT DIFFERENT LANGUAGES cause WAR in RELIGION.O SON OF SPIRIT if I do not understand language then I am confused about the Createreerr.O SON OF SPIRIT IF MAN were to say There is no way man can be saved but through KRISHNA. What harm does it bring to Humanity.O SON OF SPIRIT IF MAN were to say There is no way man can be saved but through ABRAM. What harm does it bring to Humanity.O SON OF SPIRIT IF MAN were to say There is no way man can be saved but through BUDDHA. What harm does it bring to Humanity.O SON OF SPIRIT IF MAN were to say There is no way man can be saved but through ZOROASTER. What harm does it bring to Humanity.O SON OF SPIRIT IF MAN were to say There is no way man can be saved but through MOSES. What harm does it bring to Humanity.O SON OF SPIRIT IF MAN were to say There is no way man can be saved but through YEHOSHUA (ISA) JESUS. What harm does it bring to Humanity.O SON OF SPIRIT IF MAN were to say There is no way man can be saved but through MUHAMMAD. What harm does it bring to Humanity.O SON OF SPIRIT IF MAN were to say There is no way man can be saved but through BAB. What harm does it bring to Humanity.O SON OF SPIRIT IF MAN were to say There is no way man can be saved but through BAHAULLAH. What harm does it bring to Humanity.O SON OF SPIRIT IF MAN were to say There is no way man can be saved but through DR. LUIS FARRAKHAN. What harm does it bring to Humanity.O SON OF SPIRIT IF MAN were to say there is but “ONE GOD” and then they go ENSLAVE &amp; PILFERAGE the resources of AFRICA in the name of JESUS &amp; ALLAH. How are we to JUDGE RELIGION.O SON OF SPIRIT! My first counsel is this: Possess a pure, kindly and radiant heart, that thine may be a sovereignty ancient, imperishable and everlasting.O SON OF SPIRIT the mind of MAN is similar to the UNIVERSE always expanding and evolving new ideas thoughts and things, both Material and Spiritual. Use your tongue wisely.I AM THAT I AM.2929.1. KRISHNA.2. ABRAM.3. BUUDHA.4. ZOROASTER.5. MOSES.6. YEHOSHUA (JESUS) (ISA)7. MUHAMMAD.8. BAB.9. BAHAULLAH.10. LUIS FARRAKKHAN.I AM THAT I AM.360/10 = 36 = 901101129.BEGINNING THIS DISPENSATION new generation of Man:NATION OF ISLAM.BAHA’I’I AM THAT I AM.2929DR. LUIS FARRAKHAN.2020.“I am closest to ISA “JESUS” in this world and in the next but do not worship me like how the Christians worship JESUS for I Muhammad is but a Slave of Allah for Although the Prophets and Messengers of GOD may have different Mothers their Religion remains but one and the Same.” Prophet Muhammad.“All Religion is ONE and came From the Same Source ”…..Bahaullah aka return of ISA (JESUS)The SUN has Risen in the WEST : DR. LUIS FARRAKHAN.

Gentle ReminderPopes, new or old, have 2 Biblically prescribed responsibilites: a)admit no fish has been caught and b)look for the small boy with Mary’s secret recipe 5 loaves that catches the 2 big fish so that the hungry, weary, cynical and stranded multitude can have that much-awaited Passover Picnic in the park.

On July 2009 Rabbi Sergio Bergman was elected Representant at tthe House of Representatives of Buenos Aires .His Party is rigth wing.At the photo ,Rabbi Sergio BergmanRabbi at Argentinean Israelite Congregation Temple. President of Fundación Argentina Ciudadana -Born in 1962, is married and has four children. He graduated from the Faculty of Pharmacy and Biochemistry, University of Buenos Aires and other graduate degrees in foreign universities: Master in Education, graduated Summa Cum Laude, at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Master in Rabbinic Literature at the Hebrew Union College; and Master in Jewish Studies at the Jewish Theological Seminary. He received his rabbinical ordination in 1992 being a graduate of Marshall Meyer Latin American Rabbinical Seminary in Buenos Aires and the Hebrew Union College in Jerusalem.

Protocols of the Elders of Zion: "We shall make the pope a Jewish person".  It seems they are already on the inside.  Goodbye Vatican.

This Pope is the Anti-Christ and Obama is the False Prophet....

I like this Pope a lot already. Gives off a good vibe!

Sorry that I'm so nasty. I hate hypocrisy and the so-called God loving group walking around  committing greed, child rape/molestation, homosexuality ---- while wearing the frock of "holiness". Scuse me while I retch. . .

Thankfully, finally, a man of true peace, not just spoken.

Um, excuse me but how can "jews" fellowship with the ones teaching a false god? Catholics pray with the idea that this "Jesus" character of theirs is a god in the flesh. Im a gentile and I have more respect for HaShemיהוה than that. We dont have to wish death on people, but we also shouldnt support people who teach false doctrines and take people further away from the Creator.

He's a fraud like the whole Chruch  Stop killing innocent believers with your stance on birth control  (aids does kill you idiots) and your stance on gay marriage and adoption by gays is outrageous.  But then again celebacy is a joke so that your ranks are filled with sexual deviants.   If God really came back the first thing he would do is fix the broken 14th century church

I think this is a good step in the right direction. We can become friends and do wonderful things.

all these religious leaders are corrupt, so they can have a smooth inter-faith dialogue.The 1st of the ten commandments! For as long as the Catholics have that rule, this is all HYPOCRISY.

This is simple ITS A GOOD THING !!!

Yep, we got the right man for this job!  Bravo Pappa Francis!  Bravo!

This Pope can change the world !

Seriously what does the term 'ALL FAITHS' indicate to you?  That yours is the right one?? What is the proper way of choosing your 'faith' - eeny, meeny, miney, mo?The religious wonder why they are laughed at.

It's time we put all out differences aside. And unit as one. We all have our own beliefs. And there is only one universal god. An eternal energy all around us. For which believes in us all. No matter what path or religion we follow. He has a whole universe out there for us to explore and learn about.

Catholics are not Christians; the pope is the most sinister person on the planet.

Didnt the Jews kill Jesus? Didnt Jesus destroy the Old Law? JESUS CHRIST IS LORD

Religious amity! Friendship to other religions ! Really the Muslim clerics who preach war on other  religions must learn from the Pope God' s message.

Very Interesting Indeed! Pawns, Castles, Knights have been played. Some lost in play. Now the Illuminate have put into play their King. Beware, the Queen is not yet in play. The balance of the Board and the Game of Play and Creation and Life has changed on the board. I anticipate the next move ! This should be interesting !christianity the Opium of the masses...

I think Francis may be a Israeli plant.

Well everybody can attest to the fact that he is a good man. And we pray that his goodness will lead to a more peaceful world.

We were apes, we learned to walk, then we believed in god, then later invented the wheel.  I hoped by now the human race could have evolved from primitive notions of god, ghosts, etc. Religion is the destroyer of knowledge, beauty, and love.

Devil in TV show 'THE BIBLE' bears striking resemblance -- to Obama!

All false faiths like each other.

Could the guy that wrote " The DaVInci Code" really be a descendent of Christ, the "Holy Grail "? How otherwise could anyone have predicted so accurately in their writing exactly what is happening in Rome this very day ? ! An Archangel of Revelation at the Very Least !

Anti-theist here. As much as I think the Abrahamics are 3 groups of equally delusional people, I like the new pope's efforts to create more peace among the tribes. I'm skeptical it can happen given the the fundamentalists and "holy books" of each group . . . but good luck.

What else is he going to say??----- it's just going to be us perverts and no others! ??Ha! The molested kids didn't have anything to say. . .

There is no any dialogue with jews who hanged innocent Jesus just for moneyI do not trust anyone from a pagan ridden "religion" especially one whose leader claims to have replaced God on earth and kisses statues.

I'm reminded of a scene from The Godfather Part II.Michael Corleone: C'mon Frankie... my father did business with Hyman Roth, he respected Hyman Roth.Frank Pentangeli: Your father did business with Hyman Roth, he respected Hyman Roth... but he never *trusted* Hyman Roth!

How many religions in heaven, ( just one ) in moses day only clean worship was acceptable, other wise , considerd , spirtual fornication !  can you worship satan and almighty god at the same time (good and bad) acceptable ?

Bergoglio (now Pope Francis) was involved in torture kidnapping and murder bythe fascist Junta.SOURCESThe GuardianCenter for Legal and Social Studies, an Argentine human rights organization.The magazine El SurErbitsky’s book, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio

I'm really liking this Pope.

Catholicism, Judaism,Communism, Socialism, Capitalism,Faschistism,  what, I ask is the difference ?

Judaeo ---  Christianity is an oxymoron   --  looks like we may have ourselves a sixth consecutive antipope   ////   :O(

great another jew catholic pope

Preparing you for the New World Order Religion.  are you ready to be Neo-slaves of the modern day feudal system?

Ok, so, now, are the jews ready to become Christians? Judaism and Christianity appear more like Microsoft's versions 7 &amp; 8 respectively. The latter a progression of the former. he he he! :)Jews are thrilled to have a blackmailed  lackey in the Vatican.

Now, let's see the Jews be nice to the Muslims...........

This is a dialogue between the three cults that worship the Jewish serial killer called Yahweh. Wake up Anglo-Saxons, this is a middle eastern cult.

Long ago when I wrote on Yahoo comments that Benedict was a member of Hitler Youth I was shouted down (thumbs down) but soon it became common knowledge I was right. The same will happen again with my supported assertions that Francis is a fascist torturer and complicit in mass murder.

The thing that bothers me the most is how Christians can belittle each other.  As Christians, we should look at how we are similar rather than find the differences.  There are some things in which many Christians faiths do not believe and others do.  The "Church" is comprised of all Christians, regardless of our faith.

Pope is a channel of peace!

50% of the antichrist has shown....

Pope Francis I really know "How To Play To The Crowd"Any day now, he will slip off his shoes and start across the waves.  Atlantic Ocean ?  Pacific Ocean ?  Doesn't matter any big body of water will do ?Have they started closing funeral parlors in Rome, yet ?  Tuesday he gets his decoder ring, by Tuesday evening he should be in his Lasarus mode ?If he is going for Peace in the Middle East, slip off your jacket and let's see those folded up angel wings.You get all these religious guys in the room and it had better be for a poker game.  They start talking religion and the Hundred Years War is going to look like a school play.The new pope is "TALKING" a lot.  But, what is he actually do besides sleeping after a grueling day of photo ops ?  Oh, look a kitty cat.  I need to bless the cat.Sam

JEW ARE EVIL!!!!

Plough the jews and their warmongering ways.Bergoglio (now Pope Francis) was involved in torture kidnapping and murder bythe fascist Junta.SOURCESThe GuardianCenter for Legal and Social Studies, an Argentine human rights organization.The magazine El SurErbitsky’s book, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio

Every confessional-booth will now come with a built-in-gloryhole!!