the gold miners who really made out is that "Gold Rush" tv series LOL.....

I always have to laugh at those who think in a 19th century fashion in the 21st century.

Bonanza Goldfields - BONZ.  Company is in full production at the company's Tarantula site in Arizona. First revenue report expected in a few weeks. Visit the company's website to view pictures/video of the site,

Bonanza Goldfields - BONZ. Financing news due out soon followed by the start of gold production. Read the recent Yahoo news regarding the company.

Gold price being held low while sovereigns are buying up gold by the TONS.A return to some type of "gold standard" is coming.Then the price of gold will be allowed to rise.....to add value to the worthless global fiat.

Gold mining stocks are low.  Buy buy buy while it's cheep!

Someone at the AP actually got paid to publish the 10:00 AM share price of 4 stocks, already available to everyone, everywhere, any time?! Oh, that's right, they had to do a calculation of percent change, quite an undertaking for a journalism major. My bad....

Gold price can be manipulated.  However the miners cash in regardless.  Gold miners will ultimately persevere.

I guess AP is unaware of this "create a portfolio" setup avalible to all yahoo users.

Manipulation.   There is no way gold can be up one day and down the next with this repeating itself over and over day after day.Actual real gold is scarce. The only thing trading these days is the value of the PAPER VALUE which is in the eye of the beholder. Now gold miners who have been in the tank for quite a while are an investment for the future. Besides most gold miners also produce other valuable commodities.

gold cost too much.buy silver its going to take off like a rocket.just watch the next 60 das.you can take this to the bank.

On CNBC TV yesterday, feng shui master Raymond Lo said "year of black water dragon not so good for precious metal".I can believe that.

Globally, paper currencies are headed for a new role: Starting fires in your fireplace or wood stoves. It is all over but the shout for paper currencies.  GO Gold!

Gold can be "confiscated", your equity holding in foreign investments cannot.

Green is the way, Recycle, Restore, Save

At some point major economies like china will say we already have enough debt paper, we want things like Gold. Places like Europe and the USA will be forced to pay it, otherwise the slave goods will not flow and that means revolutions as everyone is too broke to buy non-slave goods. Greece is a good example of what it is like when the goods stop flowing.

Well, I quit. The B.S. coming out of the news media pipe is too much. Gold is not a victim of anything. The Masters of the Universe are gaming gold; and they will end-up with it in the end. Kinda like Musical Chairs: when the music stops - those without a chair ... go out in the cold. The fiat money game is almost over.

What's going on with Newmont?