That's why you have to be careful who you friend these days...This seems to come straight out of a movie..a Lifetime movie...

And again we see that many criminals do not look like criminals, ..most criminals do not talk like criminals, ..most criminals do notact like criminals, .. a real criminal will take everything you own,even your life because he has made you trust him. ..and evenafter he has taken you for a ride all you can say is , "I never wouldhave believed he would do this to me"  Wake up and watch your back.

He's an odd looking chap I must say

He plans to run for office next year.

I'm not feeling like myself today.

L.A. couldn't convict a fly for flying, if it were a high profile case!

Wait.... Let me get this right ...a guy is lying about his name... lives in a house where a person is buried in their own backyard, the wife is still missing to this day and maybe he had nothing to do with it???  C'mon man....

His whole life is a lie.

"...Posing as a member of the fabled Rockefeller family..."Excuse me AP, the Rockefellers are a real family, not just some people this guy made up. And their oil fortune is real. That's a misuse of the word fable twice. Invest in a dictionary.

Wasn't he the Ghostbusters' attorney???So what, Nancy Pelosi has been moving through society as as a woman for years

Most people prefer fake over real anyways... it looks better.

He sounds like a psychpath.there could be a motive if the buried son had run across something incriminating,or that theres something missing from the house. they were both murdered.

The last two paragraghs do not make sense together and are completely non sequitur. There has to be some ommited time here or something. How did this get past proof readers?"When police began asking questions about him, linking him to a truck owned by the Sohuses, he abandoned his $100,000 a year job as a Wall Street bond trader and went into hiding.He was close to the end of a prison term for the kidnapping of his young daughter in a Boston custody dispute when the murder charge interrupted his chance to regain his freedom."

If he didn't commit the murders, it was probably one of his many identities, or personalities, if you will.There are people who do what this guy did.  It reminded me of a movie by Matt Damon and Jude Law, The Talented Mr. Rippley.It's just scary.  You don't know whom to trust anymore.

This sounds like a modern day version of the book "Devil in the White City"which is the true story about a serial killer which takes place in Chicago in the late 1800s

I saw the movie about him on Lifetime. Eric McCormack played him. He was truly bizarre...Good movie though, unbelieveable!

Has there been any other signs Linda Sohus is still alive ?Bank, credit card activity, credit checks, phone calls, texts, emails ?If not he probably killed both.

It does not sound like enough evidence to have the case going forward.  Seems to me that the government should have done a better job in other cases proving a mother killed her daughter and a girl friend that killed her boy friend that was trying to leave her.Are there not enough people on death rows across the nation that should have been executed a long time ago to keep these prosecutors busy?If there is more evidence than what this article contains I would like to read about it but what has been included so far is very weak...

I see a Lifetime movie in his future.   Too bad he won't get to actually star in it.Strange story...

OK , so I can not remember what happened yesterday but for what ever reason I canremember  certain days an events that happened 30 ,40 .50 plus years ago .Some one being murdered or missing are memorable moments / days ..

Let me get this straight.  He lived in the house where two other people disappeared along with himself, and the folks didn't connect this??  Who was on this case.  BARNEY FIFE?  And then he's got a POS lawyer, Denner, defending him.  Only in Californication can this be a story..

It is the quiet ones you have to watch out for

if he said he was a relative of clinton he would be on the beach now

When I lived in Manhattan my neighbor was posing as a member of the Cuomo faily until he got caught and jailed.

huh?

He should be found guilty of that very serious swoop.

He could try to impersonate Bernard Goetz.

The "fuzzy memory" defense.  A whole new approach."Chichester?"  Isn't that a fake "Winchester" that's been made in China?

Can't wait for the verdict.

and just yesterday and article about babies that are bullies... makes you wonder how many defective people are out there!

The Alias stranger gets even stranger.

I'm glad this slimy wretch didn't get a chance for freedom. I feel safer with him behind bars, and for a long time.

He'll live out his days like One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, fried.

I recogniize that #$%$

computer programmer in 1985?  hmmm

Some ill misfit without a relevant life wants fame and fortune - - even if imaginary....

27 years...now the trialcan you say "Based on a true story" film in the works?

You sir are no Rockefeller.

" Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter "Maybe he just called himself Rockefeller because it was easier to spell.

Looks like The Pretender has been doing rather well for himself.  Personally, I rather doubt if they can convict him of anything except being there.  They have no solid evidence that ties him to the bones.

I wonder why prosecutors even try cases with such flimsy evidence?

Let's hope the DA actually knows how the victim died. Otherwise we have another Casey Anthony verdict.

This guy has been in custody for years. Why has it taken so long? The defence must have wanted to charge the government as many billable hours as possible. With the pathetic juries in LA he will probably get off.

Good luck.

Maybe he is really related to Jodi Arias. The Liar Family?

If someone told me they were a rockerfeller I'd be looking for a missing ear...........sorryObama is a bigger liar than this guy, does that mean he is a killer?  Hold your execution orders till more facts of the case are presented...

I do believe Mr. What's His Name is a Sociopath.  I feel for his daughter and anyone else who had dealings with him.  Thank God he's behind bars and I hope they keep him there!

Unbelievable but, then, liars are often believed !!!

This guy looks nothing like Eric McCormack

let him impersonate a prisoner of new york for the next 100 years.

So, who is he really??????

Guilty!

I wish Jay Rockafailure could be tried for injustices he committed against West Virginia

Wasn't this a lifetime movie starring Eric McCormack, of will and Grace fame, or if I'm just having memory lapses again, either way it is scary

I think it's friggin hilarious how some woman opened her legs and had a child with this guy, knowing nothing about him but the $$ signs in his name. ROTFL HA-HA-HA-HA!!!Speaks a lot about how women think.Yeah, and I'm J. Paul Getty.

He should declare himself a gay illegal immigrant so he can easily be above any law.

"Ladies and gentlemen, the evidence will show that John and Linda Sohus are dead," Deputy District Attorney Habib Balian said.Thats it? Isnt the evidence supposed to show that Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter actually murdered them?No wonder so many convictions have been overturned recently after DNA testing. Our "justice" system is a joke. "He looks guilty". Prosecutors looking for a notch on their belt to advance their careers playing to peoples emotions instead of providing evidence. Its pathetic.

He couldn't be a Rockefeller, he didn't have billions, didn't shift those billions into "causes" that give out 100K at a time while they retain the billions and gain interest on it, then tell the people that they are helping cure cancer, stopping child slavery, helping addicts recover and feeding starving people around the world. They rake in 400 million a year on that billion and pass out about 10 million of it. Oh and he didn't want to chip everyone, shut off their bank accounts and be pure tyrants (see Aaron Russo on Nicolaus Rockefeller)..........

How mortifying for the woman who had a baby with him.

They didnt have wikipedia back then.

Yep, it looks like he's a bad guy. But is this going to be another case of cold-blooded prosecutors hanging the wrong man?

He should have impersonated Tina Turner and call it a day!

I wonder how many deaths the real rockefellars and rothschilds are responsible fore.  Millions upon millions I'm sure.

Maybe the wife killed the husband and buried him.Florida didn't do so  well  with Casey Anthony did they, and Arizona and Ohio, Jodi Arias and Steubenville 2,  the jury in the Jodi Arias case will no doubt let her go with a five or ten year sentence, if that, and in Steubenville football players are the gods. so it isn;t just california.

They live among us.

A real Rockefeller would never get prosecuted for murder... he must be an imposter.

You know he's guilty, If he was a Rockefeller he would have paid some one to do it for him.

Yeah, he looks like a real Prince Charming. More proof that desperate females will fall for anything and anybody.

This says more about the people who bought into his BS ---- wanting to associate themselves with him because of who they thought he was---- than it does about his attempts to deceive.

weird story

When is there going to be a Rothschild Impostor ..........................

........yeah, and I'm J.Paul Getty.

Once again, truth is stranger than fiction.  No one could write this stuff.I know someone who knew him for years in NYC and though never met him, would occasionally hear stories about them socializing.Thank God she wasn't rich or maybe he would have taken her life too.Truth stranger than fiction

About time, this guys been posing as a Rockefeller for years!  He's an opportunist, a con-artist &amp; a murderer.

this little wessel looking geek.  put him in a cell with bubba, that will cure his ill's.......

He would qualify to be president. I'll bet he would even have a birth certificate.

They could not give a dang about the murder.  He had the audacity to impersonate a Rockefeller.  Democrats can't have that.

"If the glove don't fit, you must acquit."  Do you think he'll use that defense? It worked for another LA murderer.

The Talented Mr. Ripley....

I don't know, he kind of looks like a Rockefeller, doesn't he?

Well if nothing else he's a sociopath...

The children are the ones who always get hurt when the adults either can not or will not accept who they are, but if he loves his daughter half as much as he has lead everyone to believe, then he needs to be completely honest with her and the families of the victims IF he did murder them...the truth will always find its way out one way or another.The "obviously identifiable reason" is he's a psychopath.....who strangely resembles Dwight Schrute.

All people are, Bat S**T crazy!

I imagine what finally gave him away as an impostor was his $1.50 haircut...

Throw him in jail for 30 years and when he gets out put him on a plane to Germany.

The mental illness this man suffers from is of more interest than anything else. Evidence shows the handwriting belongs to the wife and someone else's DNA is on the stamps. This alone might be an indication he didnt kill anyone. He is guilty of fraud. A person like him, must benefit from every act. Did he benefit from killing the couple he stands accused of killing? I would like to have someone study his behavior as much can be learned from his mental illness. Make him a work study for mental health providers. That would be helpful in identifying others like him.

Well the evidence is obvious...He's innocent!

You just believe people you meet.  Meeting a con artist is the farthest thing from your mind.  And look at him....he looks harmless!  He isn't green!

My state senator is Jay Rockefeller.  Can we put him on trial for being an imposter human being????????????????

If he is guilty put him in a coffin and bury him alive. That would be karma.

As far as I am concerned if you didn't put him on trial right away don't bother it will only cost more money and a lot more time not that deaths aren't worth it NOT at all but I have never seen these  trials go in the right direction.What I am saying just fry this guy and get it over with and it would be a lot cheaper.The only reason it took so long is because of all the attorneys that seem to be involved and us poor folkes don't have.Another comprehensive, informative news story which left no stones unturned and all of my questions answered. Thanks Yahoo!  Anyway, it could not have been Karl Gerhartsreiter who murdered those folks, because Clark Rockefeller was living with them at the time in question, not Karl.

The Talented Mr. Ripley...

Wow, maybe he knows something about the Lindberg kidnapping too.

"Ladies and gentlemen, the evidence will show that John and Linda Sohus are dead,"   LOL, if you found Johns bones I would say that's good proof that he is dead.

He looks like a criminal to me.

FREE ROCKEFELLER! Hang in there, Rocky - you'll soon be back in Beantown with little Boss!

The look on his face pretty much said it all,,,,,,,," The jig is up and I'm going to jail."

His childhood friends all called him "Slick!"

The VILLAGE LETCHER.San Marino is a beautiful Califorinia place to live. By no means inexpensive.For this reason $$$$ and his desire to live with the more elite and moretrusting at least begins to show possible motive. AND we all know $$$ isa top motive in murder cases.

LA. hahahahaha there Dumber than a box of rocksCreepy. Do I smell a screen story in the air? 'The Talented Mr. Gerhartsreiter'... or something without the plagiarism.

I watched an ID show about this guy.  He probably needs death row, but he's too slick.

I imagine what finally gave him away as an impostor was his $1.50 haircut...

I say keep your enemies close but your friends closer! Your friends are usually the first ones to stab you in the back! Overall, this whole case seems so frekin shady it's so unreal!

He blended in for 20 years by pretending to be part of a well-known family...so idiotic it worked

His time of reckoning has arrived!

Silly liberal.

so many nobodys doing whatever it takes to be a SOMEBODY, but this guy set his sites HIGH!  ;)

Isn't this what Obama has done to America?

I bet that dude was is into wierdGerman porn.I put this person in God's hands

I didn't know Germans came to the US anymore. They have it good there- good economy, socialized medicine, big salaries. You've got to be crazy to leave there and come here. Well, I guess that explains it.

The real Rockefellers should also be in jail!

No matter what the verdict of the murder trial, this guy should spend the rest of his, "Pathetic nothing," life in custody. He is a pathological liar and a criminal and we have enough of those in the government so, we don't need another one back on the street.

The last two sentences of this article leave me somewhat confused and baffled.  The last sentence suggests this man was in jail for kidnapping his own daughter when the new charges were brought forward regarding the murder.  The next to last sentence suggests he was working a high paying Wall Street job as a bond salesman when these charges came up.  Which is it?  It is like this article made a  u-turn and hit a brick wall.  I will just pretend I did not just comment on this insane article!

Brain control.

When they going to bust the biggest imposter, the one in the white house.

A pure fraudster!

Sounds like he is a true rockefeller!

The old saying is true. The more outrageous the lie, the more people will buy into it.I couldn't have done it -- I was partying with Lindsay Lohen in NYC at the time -- yeah, that's it.  he's lucky he's in California -- they will just slap his hand and send him on his merry way.

How in the world does anybody let a "dweeby" looking nerd like this guy kill them?

So he's a fake, a liar and killed one person probably two, But let me guess it's not even a death penalty case. Some state will house him and feed and provide free medical care for the rest of his life or until his release in 15 to 20 years when he will do it again. Great system if you are the criminal.

If you dress fashionably, drive a new expensive car, speak a certain language &amp; and act confidently, you can take most rich rich to the cleaners, for awhile. They go on what you appear to be, not on what you are.

oh how i miss the court action, working for the courts you get to see what its all about.

Unless this guy has some ultra-compelling reason to have used different identities, the prosecution could probably make a compelling circumstantial case depending upon what else they have. If this guys DNA isn't on the victims bones, I would have kept digging before I filed rather then put this in a jury's hands....Just sayin

Wow what a story, cant believe this guy did all this and got away all these years.

Right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, right about now'Bout now, 'bout now, 'bout nowRight about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brotherRight about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brotherRight about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowRight about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about now'Bout now, 'bout now, 'bout now'Bout now, 'bout now, 'bout now'Bout nowRight about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowFunk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brotherRight about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about now'Bout now, about now, about nowAbout now, about now, about nowAbout, right about now'Bout now, about now, about nowAbout now, about now, about nowAbout, right about now'Bout now, about now, about nowAbout now, about now, about nowAbout right about now, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother, right about nowThe funk soul brother, check it out nowThe funk soul brother

Well, most people do not know that the Rockefeller's became Big Oil not because they were smart businessmen, but because they bombed competitors to put them out of business. Today we would call that terrorism.Most people who succeed in big business are not intelligent, but criminally minded crooks who cheat and kill their way to the top.

He looks guilty.I have heard all about this case. His defense lawyer states: "That there was no motive..." IS NOT TRUE. Gehrhartsreiter was broke, had no means of support his motive was for the Sohus' house, car, and everything that they owned. The evidence that Linda Sohus had supposedly "mailed" a postcard (after she dis-appeared)                    I saw a copy of this 'postcard' and the REAL person writing this postcard was VERY evident to me! This is where I realized that Gerhartsreiter is indeed the right person who is currently on trial for the murder of the Sohus'.                                                                    It may seem convoluted but hang in there...'I lived in Germany, I wrote and spoke German, when a letter or postcard was written FROM Germany, we were taught to include (as part the address) "U.S.A." The postcard supposedly written by Linda Sohus included U.S.A., however the card was sent from this country - NOT GERMANY!  Gerhartsreiter was born and raised in Germany.    Linda and John Sohus were not German; why would anyone from the United States write "U.S.A." as part of the address?  The answer is: She didn't write that postcard. Gehrhartsreiter wrote that card to cover his tracks and to make it appear that Linda Sohus was still ALIVE. Old habits are hard to break; many older ex-pats still write this on their written correspondence.

Sounds like some of these idiots we have in our government..

Wow! why everytime i read something Obama is included. WHY IS THERE SO MUCH HATE FOR THE GUY? Jesus! come on now. I do not agree with everything he do, but i am not guilty of HATING him.

It amazed me when I saw that his profile photo looks exactly like my ex who also lived an alternate life.  Though my ex used his actual name, after the divorce I discovered that he lied about everything he said had been going through in his life and relationships with other people.  Hmmmmmmmm!!!!!  Should I be glad they didn't dig up my bones in the back yard?

What has never come to my understanding is how this joker could pose as a member of this country's most prominent families and they never knew it.  He went to high class parties, rubbed shoulders with other rich and powerful people; one would think that over time the real Rockefellers would have heard of this clown.I hope there is enough to convict this creeper and we never hear from him again.

put the frosted flakey puff in a rubber room

the parasitic rockefellor family defined as "fabled"   gee I guess the corporate run media really is just like the state run media in north korea

OJ probably did it.

He probably IS a Rockerfeller.....they just disowned him because he wanted to be a regular guy!

For the fascinating DETAILS ... click the big "W" (Wikipedia) and type "Christian Gerhartsreiter" in the Search panel. You will be amazed!I hope the poor wife isn't still chained to a radiator somewhere...

"Fabled" Rockefeller .... They're real people with a real fortune in oil you ponce!! Who writes this #$%$? This Gerhartsreiter chap appears to be in hot water, I'd say. Fibbing about who you are, living a fantasy lifestyle, bag of bones found where he once resided .......... So this is where Reality TV got their ideas from!!!!

Does he still claim to be Clark Rockefellar?

The talented Mr. Ripley..

LMN made him look so much better and handsome. What happened?

OBAMA SUX!!!!!

I bet he was also Manti Te'o's girlfriend all along!

If he is sent to a psychiatric hospital they might have psychodrama/theatrical therapy there. And all the inmates  could do Shakespeare etc., a ludicrous and fitting, but probably undeserved fate.  Maybe he could  be a good Richard III.       qed

If the Toupée does not fit, YOU MUST ACQUIT!

With friends like him who needs enemies?lets count obamas alias's and social security numbers he's used.he's up to 5 we can counthe lost his law lisence over it. yes...disbarred....and his wife too for insurance fraud and corruption....both disbarred.it's only fraud when it's someone else.

Gee , they didnt look real hard for this guy after he left Cal i forn ya , with the truck he bought who belonged to the landlord. And then he registered it in Conn et i cut . Cops always catch the ones who dont do it

He may not be a Rockefeller, but certainly acts like them

There is probably an easy explanation for the missing woman.He may have made soup out of her.

He certainly looks like the culprit; the disappearing act right after the couple disappeared makes him look even more guilty.  They are just going to have a hell of a time convicting him with mostly circumstantial evidence.  Clearly, his whole life has been about building himself up as these various personas, and I'm sure anyone who got in the way or called him on any part of it was a potential target or obstacle.

My son Walter Kirn was completely taken in by this guy at one point and is covering the trial .  He is in the process of writing a novel based on his experience with "Clark".

I imagine the pain and surprise of his daughter. How sad that a human being behave like that.

Just because he was a tenant does not make him a murderer.  And, if everybody in the neighborhood was watching him alll the time, then it only makes sense that some psycho saw him leave which became the opportunity for the psycho to kill the homeowners and make it look like this German man did it....merely based on "timing" and "tenancy".  There are not even suspiscious circumstances for a murder by this guy....nothing at all.  This is nothing but "malcious prosecution", which he will likely sue for and get a million dollars awarded.

yupl... these guys that promote themselves too openly as good christians sometimes don't turn out that way.... why not keep your religious views to yourself, and live your live accordingly..???? that way you do good more than you promote the idea that your good....

obama is more of a fraud than this man will ever be.when is obama going to be indicted?Who would want to be a Rockefeller????

Man dead, wife missing.Do ya think maybe the wife did it and disappeared? Now this guy gets blamed.

What about the mother? was she living at the house at the time?

The minds of everyone fascinates me...Killers and crazy people especially. Some of these people just don't even seem human. I feel like I've seen killers on the street. You can see it when you look at them in the eyes. It's like a ghost, you can see directly through them. They have cold cold looks IN their eyes. That is why I choose to stay out of the public way and go about my own business. Too many loose nuts walking around freely.

this is creepy.

Looks like a 15 year old wrote this story. Thanks littering the internet with more garbage Yahoo.

What a lousy reporter. Where did that last sentence come from?  Just above that he went into hiding because the cops were asking about the victims' car. Then all of a sudden he was in jail for kidnapping his kid earlier &amp; the murder thing blocked his release??? WTH???

Look,  it's Harry Potter's dad!

'fabled' rockefellers?  um, that's a real family, people

So he fled, but he was in jail for kidnapping his young daughter? I am confused. Did I miss something?Anyway... Let's get real. The evidence stated in this article does not prove that he did it. He could of left the cottage near the missing couple because he was a man living under an alias and didn't want the attention. The only part that even slightly implicates him are the post cards.lack of evidence with multiple suspects, waste of tax payer's money and time. With just this evidence, you can't say one or the other.

"He was close to the end of a prison term for the kidnapping of his young daughter in a Boston custody dispute when the unfounded murder charge interrupted his chance to regain his freedom."The prosecutor is high. This is the worst case of connecting-the-dots I have ever seen.Just because the guy is eccentric does not mean he is a killer. As a prosecutor, you need more to convict this guy.The wife of the dead guy is still alive in France, or maybe she is in Italy now, I cannot remember. She has the answers, but this guy is innocent until proven guilty..... so where's the proof?A liar is not a murderer.

People are just scary. You never know what anyone will do..........

makes me think they need to do background checks on the illegals coming in to america

Kinda lame ... Constitution demands a speedy trial.

Love this guy................................

Wow! He is an evil man that he killed the homeowners and then he was living in that house and burried the man in the backyard? How could he sleep at night?

Why waste millions...he showed no mercy to his victims... Just shoot him and send the bill to Germany..the heck send me the bill...

The prosecution has a tough road ahead of proving this case

We got our own problems deport him back to GermanyID channel just had this whole story on this past week.

Wait. Arnt most americans fakes. Watching a fake TV and fake news and fake celebs fake politicians.....all acting out a fantacy....

Some one in a guest cottage of your mothers is from a very rich and powerfull family from america and has a german accent ? Ooookkkk.

Makes my life seem so very simple.

Fabled, Rockefeller family?

confusing!!!!

Never saw movie but DID see episode about him on one of those true crime shows a couple of weeks ago. VERY interesting. As a 'student' he slept on couple's couch. According to them, he spent each night watching tv, obviously 'learning' how to move up in society, first as British royal Chicester then as Rockefeller. (Learned well: at a dinner party a REAL Rockefeller outed him to hostess who then confronted him. So slick, he convinced her the woman was a well-known crackpot. WOW. Also at this time he was 'well-known' for his million-plus art collection - no mention where he got it! As to the daughter's abduction the show said he hired a driver to meet the little girl. HE HITS HER ON HEAD, dumps her in the car and takes off!

What have they got in California. I have a feeling they have a strong case. DNA and or fingerprints on his UC bags, found buried, that contained body parts. This Kraut is NASTY !!How could the wife in MA, with he married and had a girl with, and a Harvard MBA be duped? Well I have met some real idiots with advanced degrees from Harvard, that I swear is the truth. Oh yeah hang on he took acting lessons in CA. This could only happen in America. Come over take acting lessons and then act as a different person. hahahahaha, you are all #$%$ up.

Fooey, and I was thinking maybe it might have been David he was after.

You all seem surprised. We have the same guy as potus. Cant wait for his history to come to light. And How he has ripped off all Americans of their money, their rights, and declared war on us. This story isnt unbelievable when we have the same story running our country!Almost all of these high-profile cases end in a mistrial, not guilty, or guilty by reason of insanity.  It's a waste of taxpayer dollars when these kinds of cases costs millions to prosecute and their is NO JUSTICE in the end.  PERIOD!

This guy is creepy and crazy.

Parts of San Marino are contiguous to Pasadena, but it is NOT a suburb of Pasadena, &amp; would not want to be referred to as such! They are separate cities.

I hope that he has to serve the full time of the prison sentence for kidnapping his daughter and gets additional punishment for any other crimes that he committed.

Moron, gonna finally get what's coming to him...... a new roommate who's going to like his shiny white #$%$!

You already know that it is a "malicious prosecution" because none of the states attorneys wanted to be named nor associated with this case......they must be drawing straws in the office for who will have to try the case.

It sounds like maybe the wife had another man, and the two of them fled to France after killing the husband. Just sounds like they are trying to make him guilty.

EXECUTE HIM

Just one question...Does the glove fit?

The funny thing is the actual Rockefellers have killed more people than this guy ever could...lolIf nothing else, deport the pos

GUILTY, I hope the jury does its job correctly.

...Oh I thought that yahoo was talking about Jay-Z.

Horse is yummy

"Fabled" means false. The Rockefellers were a real family. I'd expect better use of the English language from a journalist.

Damn,nice comb over!! He deserves whatever he gets,the world is better off without him trudging around making believe he is someone else!!

the real Illuminati Rockefeller family has murdered millions when will his day in court come?

If someone kills you just hope that there is someone out there that wants to find out what happened to you. It looks like another case of #$%$ police work from the 70s and 80s. How did they not follow the lead of the houseguest staying in the cottage? Nobody connected the dots? This guy is completely guilty. Only in America can a guy have the dead people's truck, post cards from international cities, 5 aliases, no aliby, and was at the murder scene, and still be found not guilty.

I think this guy also had a rich uncle in Nigeria that left him a gold mine and 50 million in cash.

I think this is the guy that told me his grand dad was Henry Ford. His name was Edsel. Or was it Hery J? or T-Bird? or Merc?if they find the remains of half-eaten babies, then he might be a real Rockefeller

This man was married to an american woman had a child with her,he has a german accent when he speaks,he told his ex wife he was a Rockefeller,i'm surprised that she actually believed him.

A person that has lied about who he is most of his life something is wrong  with him and people took him at face value and i believe that he could have done what they are prosecuting him for but also they need to look in to the were abouts of  linda sohus she could be dead or not, for i think they need to do a little more diging in to what happen to her  to because they have no body

put him in jail

Little man with an inferiority complex.Should have bought a BIG car, like the rest of us.

You know there are too many rockefellers when they didn't even know he wasn't actually related.

Fined her.It's not his M.O.

Ok, it's either too late or too early.  I've heard of this guy, know they did the Lifetime movie, but how does the last 2 paragraphs of the story correlate?  He's been in prison for kidnapping his kid, was due to get out and they charged him with murder of the CA couple?  Why would he kill them if he had a $100K Wall Street job?  Ok, nevermind, too many questions, I catch it on a Lifetime rerun.

I didn't know "being a Rockefeller" was a legal defense for murder. Then again....maybe it is.

Yea this is a pretty dry article now show us the hot chicks he slept with!Coach K., take those glasses off and get back to campus...now

The only imposter here is his hair -- he can pass as Donald Trump.

He married a wealthy woman and then kidnapped their daughter. I suspect that because she was wealthy, she could hire a good private detective to track him down. I hope that the daughter is fine and that he is punished for that crime and any others that he may have committed. This may be the end of the line for him.

aka Clark Rockefeller is a bad #$%$ ... James bond haha

Sometimes people are too trusting, then they get hurt.  How sad for the victims.

remember watching this movie....awesome!!!

Very interesting story more detailed in a great book.   check out:  "The Man in the Rockefeller Suit"

I saw the movie; he never had a dime, but his rich/smart/educated/lawyer/wife believed his lies?...Where is Snooks?

Its a start but we need to lock all the Rockefeller up!

maybe u n the ipad hacker can meet in prison and come up with somethingthis man just looks like a ghoul..if he doesn't get #$%$ reading fangoria..than i'm Britney Spears!

posing as a straight man... lol f@gboy... #$%$, ball washer, limp noodle...

Well he may look like her, but he ain't no Lindsey Lohan. He is gettin' locked-up for sure. I dont even know why they're having a trial!

With this article you can toss out "innocent till proven guilty"

Beyond reasonable doubt, based on what I read this will be a tough case

This guys truly worthy of what I like to call a beat down. Seriously....

He will be elected President next year...hes the only person left more full of #$%$ than the past candidates

Wait so did he or did he not kidnapp someone...!!!

a Rrepublican no doubt !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They think they can get away with anything and still get elected to office!!!

Making up aliases does not necessarily indicate guilt of murder.  Sound like the DA does not have much of a case.How did this guy get a job at a 100,000 a year wall street position? Did they not do a background check and realize he was full of #$%$? Hell I had to pass a background check for my 45 k a year liquor sales job. Who are these guys hiring?!

Saw the lifetime movie about this guy...Eric McCormick portrayed him...great performance...this guy was nuts....scary to know that people like this are real....

I hava couple of aliases  bob alias and richard psuedonem

This is just creepy. This is just life an old horror mystery movie.

Knew a nerdy lil' guy like this and he turned out to be a sociopath...their charm is all they have so that is what they use...you don't expect it coz they are so pathetic looking.  Beware!

Maybe Gerhartsreite is Linda Sohus and he did kill John.

opportunistic producer: what the hell?! this is a movie!

Sounds like a DA trying to make name for himself, or may be he is justifying his existence by fabricating cases so they can keep their job, or may be Rockefellers are trying to lock him up for using their name, but then again it is all circumstantial........

Donald Trump's illegitimate son maybe,  but not a Rockefeller.

how did he get away with murder as long as he has so far....????He does not look like a murderer. He must be guilty,

the   man  should    go  to  prison   for  th  life   and or   mentle    hospital

He's still on Trial????????  This was like 10 years ago and a Lifetime movie as well.

Wait......what ? he did what to who?

He would make a Great Republican!!

This guy gives me the creeps...

Maybe she had a sex change operation and came back as this guy

what about the cops that shot the two women? are they going to be indicted too?

execute him.  Sting him up side down by the testicles, spread his legs with ropes tied to his ankles.  beat his testis with a stick while slowly inserting a shaft down is (A)(S)(S)(H)(O)(L)(E), ripping through his intestines, eventually it will pierce his heart.   Damn Eighth Amendment.

American Citizens: The original/birth name of "Rockefeller" is Roggenfelder, an AKA to makethe name more Americanized. Check it out for yourselves. Also, the"Bush" original/birth name is Schleff. Further research may prove veryinteresting indeed to you.So the problem is that he is a suspect and not that he uses a Rockefeller alias. His last name is really pronounced Gur-hartz-ry-ter  not "(GAYR'-hahrtz-ry-tur)"

Hey, one more thing. He sold his victim's truck. How did he come into possession of that truck? Why no stolen truck report at the local police station? I also read that his family back in Germany have nothing but bad things to say about "Clark".

When the LA DA botches this case and this garbage goes free several months from now, does he face deportation to Germany?

Free Rockefeller! Hang in there, Rocky, you'll be back with little Boss before you know it!

Sounds like gossiping about a snake. No, wait, that's not fair to snakes.

With all of the media that the Rockefeller's Control, We would never really know whether or not this dude is one of their own. He fits the mold, except the "elite" usually go for the children.

He's white, he's German, indeed he must be a killer.

well 1 man is dead and the mans wife has never been found , maybe the motive was this guy wanted to harm the guys wife and killed him to do it , that's 1 possibility .

Hate to remind all you folks that live out on the left coast, but everything north of Camp Pendelton all the way to Santa Barbara and east to Palm Springs is really just one place,....L.A.  You can't divide up your ground into separate cities because you all have to breath the same witches cauldron you consider to be air.

Pasadena is a very dangerous placelooks like a big wackadoo..

they"ll let him go so they can see how long it takes someone else to disappear.

Amazing what you can accomplish just with a filthy name, feared and hated, isn't it? Almost a smart guy. Statute for murder is no longer 20 years.

Yahoo News for Yahoos.

if only people knew how corrupt the Rockefellers are along with the Rothschilds and the Federal Reserve.  wake up, humanity.

"who is clark rockefeller"finally found him

Continuing my last post, this guy should use the 'bad air' defense. All the toxic chemicals in the air they have to breath out there would make anybody crazy. It wasn't his fault.

Sequel in the works perhaps?

Conman who is most likely guilty of murder and the disappearance and death of Linda Sohus

his face is the face of a psycho. i say he killed sohusi think it's going to be very interesting

Just like fast &amp; furious.

L.A. is a good place to try this guy, FOR THE GUY, THAT IS!!!!!  Remember the O.J. case???????

I met this guy when he was posing as Clark Rockefeller.  Believe me when I say that he is a world class con man.

He'll be found not guilty.  DA is wasting taxpayer's money!

Nice tie!The button down collars are a dead giveaway though.

Crazy person!!  Stick him in an institution with the other crazies and never let him out!!

I haven't heard about this weirdo in a couple of years, and I thought I never would hear of him again. I don't care if he is a paranoid schizophrenic, sociopath, psychopath, bipolar, borderline or whatever mythical mental illness or personality disorder he supposedly has, mental illness doesn't exist--and even if it did, it would be no excuse for what he did! As Kevin Spacey's character in the movie K-PAX said, "Every being in the universe knows right from wrong."

Everybody has a history.  If you become an acquaintance or "friend" with somebody who defersdiscussion of their earlier life, proceed with caution.   I've known more than one person who had a fraudulent license as a Health-Care Provider.    Hospitals which outsource part time work for weekend duties, have allowed drug dealers &amp; sexual perps to patients too often.

That's a swell comb over.Wack. Isn't that motive enough?

hang this stupid german!

Didn't he play David on Rosanne? Lol

skeletons are runnin out of this guys closet, they're runnin, and goin down town, and gettin coffee, and drivers licenses. the foolishness.

The only crime he is guilty of at this point is kidnapping His child for custody battle. We know he is also an impersonater trying to be something he isn't in the eyes of others so he would then feel better about himself by this false elevation. Millions of people do this daily. Bottom line does this make a Murderer. This trial may tell us but their will always be doubt no eye witnesses.

Yah, me too, Z.  The DA had best have SOME sort of evidence that acceptibly shows he daed, perhaps, the deceased's wife, or that he liked te deceased, and then the physical evidence.  i mean, unless with the bones is the "Rockefeller's" dna in some way, and unless the judge is quite strict with the defense, and even tho in a previous custody case he tried desperately to keep his daughter... he's just alone and lonely, at least one thread running thru all of us, and it is quite possible he was well-thought of amongst other friends in the house.  My FIRST thoght was that someone who wanted the deceased's wife killed him, then took her away, conceivably killing her later, depending on HER state of mind.  This would make a reallly funky movie, if he did NOT do it, wit a couple really interesting actors running us around in circles.  i just do not want them to put him him in jail and then in five years the REAL killer is locked up, too, and somehow that's when the real truth comes out.  i couldn't handle that.  i haven't followed this at all, so how long altogether has he been watched over by the legal system?

What the hell kind of ending to the article was that? They just stopped writing in the middle of the story. Just when you'd thought you'd seen it all... Yahoo out does themselves again!!!

i haven't seen a shred of evidence heard any testimony, but i am ready to convict.

Another white dude killing people. We need to change guys, seriously.

I realize the name Rockefeller catches the eye, but we know he's an imposter, so, WHY use it? Am surprised the Rockefeller family hasn't filed a lawsuit. It's ok if we forget he was a Rockefeller impersonator in time, and sure t/Rocks feel the same way, give em a break!!being white and bald he will get away with murder thank you next

Better a bogus Rockefeller than a real Kennedy.

#$%$********KING GAY!!!!!! Lets give it a rest folks!!!!! And only a lezzy would say a LIFETIME MOVIE!!!!!

Illuminati

7 women?why not 6men 6womentypical courts

He has a big nose. Must be a Jew.

Hey Les, who cares about another dipslit like "whosit Rockafella," we should all be more concerned about what is happening now in the whitehouse... they are murdering the amendants...they are murdering out rights....they are....oh excuse me...you must have voted for that dipslit!!!

Let him go he voted for obohma can't spell the pres. name oh well.......

How much will the jews make on this case?