What happens when that Sheriff and others say they refuse to enforce it?

If a Conservative doesn't like guns, he doesn’t buy one.If a Liberal doesn't like guns, he wants all guns outlawed.If a Conservative is a vegetarian, he doesn’t eat meat.If a Liberal is a vegetarian, he wants all meat products banned for everyone.If a Conservative is homosexual, he quietly leads his life.If a Liberal is homosexual, he demands recognition and legislated respect.If a Conservative is down-and-out, he thinks about how to better his situation.A Liberal wonders who is going to take care of all his needs.If a Conservative doesn't like a talk show host, he switches channels.Liberals demand that those they don't like be silenced and shut down.If a Conservative is a non-believer, he doesn't go to church.A Liberal non-believer wants any mention of God and religion silenced and banned.If a Republican decides he needs health care, he goes about shopping for it, or may choose a job that provides it. A Liberal demands that the rest of us pay for his.If a Republican reads this, he'll send it to his friends so they can have a good laugh.A Democrat will give it a thumbs down because he's "offended" and wants it censured.Liberals - The most Intolerant People on the Planet want Us to Be Tolerant!Hypocrisy in plain sight! Liberals say: Agree with me or die....

When they took the 4th Amendment, I was quiet because I didn't deal drugs.When they took the 6th Amendment, I was quiet because I am innocent.When they took the 2nd Amendment, I was quiet because I don't own a gun.Now they have taken the 1st Amendment, and I can only be quiet.– Lyle MyhrSpeak up now before that quote describes you Colorado.

Chiping away our freedoms, one chip at a time

"Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect every one who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are ruined". Patrick Henry 1788The people there better start guarding their liberties because the politicians will not.

Well... at least he chose a magazine size that exists.. Cuomo claimed to support the 2nd Amendment.. then limited semi-autos to 7.. which no one even MAKES.. making virtually every semi in the state illegal to use... I guess he thought he was so smart no one would figure that crock out.

“The state must declare the child to be the most precious treasure of the people. As long as the government is perceived as working for the benefit of the children, the people will happily endure almost any curtailment of liberty and almost any deprivation.”-Mein Kampf, Adolf Hitler, Publ. Houghton Miflin, 1943, Page 403 “Adolf Hilter’s Firearms Ban”

Dam(n) libturds want to destroy this country. Coloradans should refuse to recognize this law.

i almost hope they do this in my area... i have a ton of 30 round magazines that right now arent worth anything. i wonder how much i could get for them on the black market... and if you think im alone you are on crack, those with criminal intent will still get their hands on them. you are just taking them away from law abiding citizens. someone planning a mass shooting suicide isnt going to lose sleep if his magazines are illegal to own. use some common sense.

So now the new normal will be to carry a dozen 10 round magazines !!the headline should read "govenor signs away jobs".

Oh, Gee, I'll just have to carry a few more clips with me! THIS WILL STOP NOTHING!

This is a reason why I'm not hunting in Alamosa (CO) this year. I ain't spending a dime there anymore.

Anti-gun people mean well but they just are very ignorant of the fact that criminals will always have guns.  When you disarm the innocent and sane you only make the criminals and insane bolder.  Politicians like these need to be ridden out of town on a rail.

This legislation does nothing in the end.

Totally stupid- 1. there are MILLIONS of these things in circulation. 2. If they are illegal in Co., but not everywhere, they will make their way into Co., just like all of the illegal aliens. 3. Mags manufactured overseas will NOT have serial numbers or dates. They will never be able to tell when it got to Co. or how long the owner has possessed it. 4. They last forever- I have some from before WW2 that still work fine. 5. You can find these things in the woods at Ft Carson and pretty much any other military base where field training occurs. they are considered expendable items by the military.

Happiness is a warm gun.

I hope you enjoyed being the Governor because every gun group in America is about to donate a huge amount of cash to whoever challenges you in your next re-election.

Limit magazines but not mentally unstable people (voters) from accessing guns. Not very smart. Another empty law and a "feel warm and fuzzy" effect.

There is a quote from Thomas Jefferson I believe about how we'll not need our right to keep and bear arms until they try to take that right away.It appears that day is fast approaching.There was no debate this was a fix from day one.

What a useless law...Nothing new though...Laws are just for law abiding citizens not criminals. They will always over power the cops.

Vote these liberal democrates out of office...

Marijuana legal and guns being outlawed.

Another reason to NOT live in Colorado.

Tyrants! Usurpers! Traitors!  = Democrats

These morons in Colorado are just as stupid as Bloomberg, the mayor of New York.  I hope the NRA challenges this Colorado bill and make these legislators eat it!

National Gun control works ask Hitler his country couldn't fight back and look what happened. Atrocities, death camps, famine and death. the people said it wasn't their fault, we couldn't fight back we had no weapons. That's why we have a second amendment.

Perhaps they should set new limits on Colorado governor paycheck amounts.

Reelection time is not far off.Taken from “The Atlantic” an article entitled “What Liberals need to understand about “gun guys.”“…Joe Nocera at the Times runs a daily tally of gun killings. He's not running a daily tally of how many people defend themselves with guns. For one thing we don't know about it most of the time. David Hemenway at Harvard is very pro gun-control and he thinks it happens about 80,000 times a year. If that's true, that means that guns are saving 10 times as many people as they're killing. “

What on earth is happening to the great state of Colorado?

I just heard on the news today than in the small country of Cyprus their government is about to pass a law that would allow them to take up to 10% out of every citizen savings account to pay for their national debt .....That is what happens when they take your arms away . They can eff you all over and get away with it ......Think about it .

Go ahead and sign all the laws you want to. It will do no good. We will get what we want through hook or #$%$. What a stupid waste of time and money by the politicians. This fixes nothing!

With the continued effort to highlight the Columbine high school shooting, Aurora theatre shooting and the Newtown school shooting it is clear that the politicians in Colorado are working hard at playing on emotions.  These current measures of 15 round magazines and barring those convicted of domestic violence prove that this is nothing but a anti gun move. Neither of these two laws would have prevented any of the massacres being used to as justification.

Will you please add a government stop bankrupting America bill also.

I passed through Colorado last week. Bought gas and snacks before I left Kansaa and again when I got to Wyoming. I won't go to Colorado unless I have to and won't buy anything there any longer. Hope Magpul leaves the state along with any other firearms related industry...it will serve the elected officials right. Although, anyone with half a brain could see this coming, afterall, what woudl you expect when a lot of liberal Californians are flocking to the state!

I wonder if he realizes it only takes 1 round? Just another idiot politician. I wonder what the people of Colorado think about this government they've voted in? I wonder if he realizes that the there will be people from the second question starting to realize the first question.

So this Gov. has givent the bad guys the advantage and put the lawful citizens in harms way.Please explain how a mindless criminal act deserves an equaly mindless law with zero positive effects.

Well Colorado, you need to replace this quack. He is not to be trusted with your Freedoms.Hey Governor,  The magazines did not commit the crimes, criminals did.

What a joke. Colorado, you people are as dumb as they come. Good luck with your mental midget legislature. I'm sure they'll have something else up their sleeve to make you "safe". How about speed governors on your cars so you can't go over 55.

Liberal democrats are a cancer. Colo will end up becoming another California and become a breeding ground for anti America laws and regulation.

May his microphone short out and set his hair on fire during the signing...............

Looks like Colorado needs to start a recall election for its governor.  If Wisconsin can do a recall for a person trying to have fiscal responsibility, then it can surely be done for a person involved in nonsense hindering the choice of what one feels is necessary for the safety of one's family instead of prosecuting the ones that actually do wrong with weapons.

Another loser looking for votes.

Soon to be the Socialist Republic of Colorado with the politicians they have elected to office.Couldn't have learned what that would become from watching California?Idiots!

Start the recall on thursday

I hope feral pigs and muslims over-run your state .

Which of these laws would have stopped Columbine or Aurora?If a criminal kills me with a gun holding more then 15 rounds.....can I sue him/her??????

69 million gun owners did not kill anyone today!!!!!

I see a red state coming on the horizon.

here comes the black market..   time to make money...lol he can sign what he wants .but not too many cops or people  really give a dam .and will not obey the law.period.

The beauty of the Second Amendment is that it will not be needed untilthey try to take it. ~Thomas Jefferson................"Pretty self-explanatory, isn't it?"....................................

And he kisses his career goodbye.

Knee jerk politicians and ignorant voters think that making more laws stops criminals.  Dumbest thing I have ever seen.

And that should put an end to anymore gun deaths in Colorado.  Good job Dems!  LOL

MagPul is Welcome in Missouri.

Today it's magazines and laws that penalize honest gun owners. Tomorrow it will be all semi-automatics including handguns, next year it will be shotguns ad infinitum.We gun owners don't resist sensible legislation, we resist the erosion of our rights.In 1938 Hitler said "turn in your weapons, Germany has the best police force in the world". Then he said..."get on the train"...(ready for a train ride?) I won't be able to protect you.Can ANYBODY tell me what I have to do to FAIL a background check? Or can ANYONE fail because of some unproven or mistaken guess by the checker (without due process)? This is OBVIOUSLY UNCONSTITUTIONAL!

if this happened a year ago the republicans would be in the White House TODAY

Next bill to ban security for politicians. Let's see them cry and whine about their safety.

I think we need to get rid of some idiot politicians..

There were also "Tories" in 1776 that supported the government's policy of high taxes and the attempt to disarm citizens by seizing weapons stored at Concord, Mass.  They were defeated.

He's not worried about criminals, he has armed bodyguards 24/7 for him and his family.

I didn't know Colorado was run by a dictator.

Colorado will never get another one of my tourist dollars.  I'll be skiing somewhere else next year.

Bring body bags when you come for my guns.

Pistol in my right hand, pistol in my left hand, 30 Rounds, 20 people could still die and can have 10 misses. Oh yea that helped Colorado.And the result odf these controls? Just a lawsuit which will be lost by the State at taxpayers expense!

I got this feeling the Government is watching us and I don't like it.

Next, no more case or six pack beer. Three beer string. Can only buy one every 24 hours.

I don't know what good this is going to do, but you can walk in somewhere with three or four revolvers fully loaded and do just as much damage.

Just another look at me do something liberal by a Gov. who thinks of his votes rather than THE CONSTITUTION. Tossed out in Court.

Democrats! Democrats designed the gun free zones that caused the Sandy hook elementary slaughter. Democrats started to SCREAM gun control before the babies blood was dry on the floor. Democrats have even been told that this legislation will not reduce crime. The Democratic Party deserves to die!

Looks like Magpul will be looking for a new state to manufacture magazines. Guess the governor doesn't care about all the jobs that will be lost. Come to Indiana!

But no limits on child rape and molestation (Jessica's Law).  These people are so perverted that everyone in Colorado outside of the Denver/Boulder corridor ought to riot and take over that area with the goverment!!!

More importantly, where is the legislation limiting the prescribing of psychotic drugs by those fully trained to do so...along with all the drugs they keep loading our kids up on without knowing the long term effects. Most of the shootings, including the "mass" ones, have been people on these drugs or recently come off them. There's a reason why anti-depressants are no longer given to those under 18 and how long did it take to find out that it screws with a developing brain. So just what are all these other drugs doing?? Don't hear any lawmakers screaming about this...maybe they are getting paid off by big pharna??This is the real issue and everyone knows it,,,

CommieTraitor......these people must be arrested for their treason.

Fools !

Colorado's governor will sign legislation on Wednesday banning ammunition magazines with more than 15 rounds.Sooner or later our great govt will vote to ban 15 rounds to one bullet. To our heads.The U.S. govt in the future will be baning out constitutional rights as well and many State governor will be signing it. The first one to sign the bill will be NYC mayor and gov.How you like your Uncle Tom now?!

Well you just go right ahead and sign it Johny, Because those of us whom still believe in freedom are going to do two things in response to your signature. 1. We are going to ignore this horse chit law and you, on mass. 2. We are going to unseat your worthless behind next year. Thank You for  taking this opportunity too show us your true colors!

These people have smoked to much weed.

The Democrats of Colorado have just voted themselves out of office at the next election.

criminals will not obey any law......only the hard working class people, will be caught up in this mess.

dum dimocraps,,fall for anything.......if u cant stop drugs at the border,,,they will be glad to sell u a clip....what a bunch of fools...give mexico another export..

Another attack on the 2nd Amendment and the Constitution.If they can due this to the 2nd, just think what they will do to the 1st and 4th Amendment in the guise of protecting the people. Fools.

Another measure would bar gun purchases by people convicted of domestic violence crimes. Hickenlooper had previously said he was undecided about that bill until he could see the final version.That is already federal law and you dont even have to be convicted. So now, thanks to the last moron that was a President, Bill Clinton, if some psyco #$%$ calls the cops because is #$%$ off and wants to get you in trouble, you cant have a gunThese infringements, especially the small ones, are MUCH more dangerous than sweeping extreme attempts from idiots like Nasty Pelosi and King O'Bongo because they give tolerable amounts of oppression at a time:  If there were a sweeping gun-grab, that is an intolerable amount of oppression and would spark another civil war.THESE are the most important battles that we HAVE TO START WINNING if we want to NOT be subject to the dictums of a Washington DC dictator.

Politicians refuse to admit that people kill not guns and not ammunition clips.  Isnt it wrong to say you have a right to arms but the govt can limit what arms you have.  And what type of arms does the public need to protect itself from govt?  The founders were wary or govt unfortunately the people aren't today!  This will lead to the loss of more freedoms!

To all voters in Colorado so how do you like all those stupid liberals that you voted for now how is that deal working out for all of you. Do you like being a non-red state with open minded liberals putting conservative white people last' I am sure you like watching CNN and MSNBC as well. Yea you people are the California of the rocky mountain states now.

refuse to pay state taxes unless this ban is eliminated. if you hit them in their pocket, only then will they listen. WHAT HAPPENED TO WE THE PEOPLE? PUT IT TO A VOTE IN THE STATE AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS.

I wonder what the governor been smoking?

Can someone please find commonsense and revive it, then send it to our politicians.....

Colorado=California+idiots= Colofornidiots

Feel good legislation does nothing to curb violence

this guy is just stupid !

These liberal idiots are fixing a symptom and not the sickness.   Timothy McVeigh did not use an assault rifle and look at his results.  The "sickness" is the American culture that has developed over the last 40 years that demonizes the white-conservative-heterosexual-males with an accuatory tone of "you are priveledged" that has become almost a stereotype.  The culture does this while over enduldging and make excuses for other classes and sexes of "special" people.  The issue in treating them cold and calous is that they are smart and creative....so take their guns away and they will build bombs maybe resort to arson or what ever means of disobedience they can to strike back.Is Magpul Moving??????

He'll be voted out.

The next election will be very interesting to say the least.. have you people woke up yet?

Unenforceable eyewash for Liberals.

they can kill you,with a ball bat......or a screwdriver....or hammer...knife...what is wrong with u people????  did u never learn to think for yourself??

do u dimocraps really believe,,,having a 15 round clip,,is gonna make mickey mouse safer???

what is wrong with u dimocraps

How about something really newsworthy yahskewd? Like how the EU and IMF is stealing money from the bank accounts of the citizens of Cyprus. Likely to start happening all over Europe.

How come they can pass these magazine capacity so fast, and the killer hasnt even been tried! Shows you what they are doing (CONTROL)

well Mr. Governor with the protection paid by tax dollors when only criminals and the police have guns and crime is rampede because #$%$ bag criminals and deranged school shooters know law abiding citizens have no guns, are you going to make it illegal to defend oneselve from robbery, beatings, rape and murder. This message applys to any mayor governor  or president who votes for a gun lawGee, they cant carry a magazine with more than 15 rounds? Well just carry 5 - 1o round clips or 7 -7 round clips, which btw, can fit in a jacket pocket. DUH. What dummies we have running things. Instead, put these crazies in institutions, like was done before the late 1970's.

What's next, limits on the number of shots per assailant? This #$%$ needs to be stopped now.

Sign away Idiot.... The Sheriffs won't enforce your misguided unconstitutional laws!

Shame on the Democrat politicians of Colorado.

THAT is dedication to a cause...Colorado: We allow our children be killed and our rights to be taken, to advance the national political career of our Govenor...just makes you feel warm and fuzzy huh?

Oh well, that solves that problem. The governor signed a law, therefore no one will ever commit a crime in the future with an assault rifle and extra capacity magazine....End of worries......

"There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. "Noah WebsterWhen they do not follow the laws that they are to govern by or those they place on us then we are slaves.

All of those of us whom the Governor refuses too represent here in Colorado. Take out your check books, and write a check too the NRA Institute for legislative action (ILA). In the purpose, or for line provided on your check, write: for the unseating of John Hickenlooper. Send it too Mr La Pier. He will see too it that it is put toward it's intended purpose. I have been a member most of my life. And My late Father was the production scheduling manager for the publication of the American Rifleman magazine when I was a pup.Yes I know I am now but a dog.None the less, We always had a few copies around when I was growing up. They are good people over at the NRA in Herndon Va. If you are not already a member, or at the very least a supporter. Right now is the perfect time in history too join or support this truly American cause.Even if you can only send a Dollar. Please do so. It will make a big difference if we all join in!!

Let's talk about school massacres. In the 1960's there was 1 the University of Texas shooting. In the 1970s there were 4 school shootings but they included the Kent State shootings. In the 1980s there were three School shootings. In the 1990s, when Democrats passed the gun free zone legislation and assault weapon ban there were ......17 school shootings. In the 2000s there were still assault weapon bans and gun free zones spread from coast to coast there were........19 School shootings In the 2010s with just two years there have been ....5 school shootings already. Gun free zones and gun bans are the culprit. Democrats designed both! Democrats are the PROBLEM!!!!!

guns, guns, guns,,,all u idiots think about....more children are killed by taking moms drugs..no outcry.....more kids are killed each year by houshold cleaners....we have a poison control centerThat's some tough laws! And if you're caught with mags &gt; 15 rounds we're going to really fine you, even after you've killed yourself and 30 others.

To the good people of Colorado: We are with you! We must first overthrow Obama and his henchmen, then state by state, we will recover our country.

The liberals have overrun Colorado, what a colossal shame for that once-great state.  Maybe they will elect Bloomberg governor next so he can continue to wage his nanny-government liberal jihad on friendly turf.

so in Colorado you have to change your mag twice as fast to stop perps yeah rons right just a ploy to get some votes. USELESS LAW criminals will still have 30 round mags

The police have now confirmed that Lanza had a huge manifesto of targets -they were derived from video games for points and all were "gun free zones", he had been watching violent video games for months, remember this gun control farce was to protect "the children", nothing but a nationwide liberal democrat gun grab from the top down designed to enrage conservatives and degrade the Constitution. YOU PEOPLE IN COLORADO SHOULD BE MARCHING ON THE STATE CAPITOL AND DEMANDING THAT HEADS ROLL OVER THESE CLOWNS.

The two horrific incidents in Colorado were both committed by liberal democrat shooters. Columbine- though too young to vote they were both raised in very liberal democrat families. And the Aurora Ahooter- Her worked on the campaign to get Obama elected, an Occupy wall street sitter, registred democrat and a regressive liberal who spent his entire adult life working on his BA, MA and his PhD. Another professional liberal student who funded his weapons purchaces through education grants. NEver has an NRA Conservative been one of these crazy shooters yet we are the ones getting punished for the horrific actions of these liberal democrat/Obama suppoters. It  seems like all of these shooters are Obama supporters, Columbine, Ft Hood, DC Sniper, VaTech, Sandy Hook, Rep Gabby GIffords shooter the LA rouge cop.. all Obama supporters, all liberals.

The only way to really stop this is to gain control of the news media.  That sounds like an impossible task but it is really quite simple and essentially free.  The networks like to think that they are driven by ratings but in fact they are driven by advertising dollars. If we would all just pick our favorite left wing news outlets and let the advertisers know that we will NOT buy any product advertised on that network, they would be forced to make a change.

Tyrants! Usurpers! Traitors! ......... Democrats

Wake up America they are taking your guns so you can't stop them when they take all your freedoms.

A symbolic law, at best. It will not make any difference to a psychopath intent on mayhem and will probably result in the harassment of gun enthusiast that have no intention of harming anyone.Just another bunch of puppet, panty waste, milk toast, lame excuse for people who don't believe on the constitution.......listen to them cry when THEIR rights get taken away....What do you expect from poor excuses for humans who won't pass "JESSICAS LAW" because THEY believe child rapests shoudn't be punished......What's hiding in THEIR CLOSET......

Ban spoons to combat obesity. Ban cars to eliminate drunk driving.  Guns, ammo, and their accessories, are 100% inanimate. Sigmund Freud said that a fear of guns is a sign of stunted sexual development. At least he got that one thing right.

One of the most poorly written, unenforceable pieces of garbag...I mean legislation ever...but it's incrementalism...in two years when nothing changes they will say "we didn't go far enough" -- just look a NY suddenly your Grandpa's M-1 is illegal...the progressive elitists will tell you it's for your own good or the good of society that they decide how you should live, eat, commute..yet notice the rules never apply to them?  That US Constitution?  That's old and outdated, or needs to be re-interpreted based on today's "standards" (read "what I think it should say" into that).  Just look at NY - Bloomberg and Cuomo deciding how big of a soda you can have,  eliminating transfats, eliminating Styrofoam, severely limiting gun rights (and I am sorry, but Cuomo's "nobody needs 30 bullets to kill a dear" rant did remind me of videos I watch of Hitler right down to the hand gestures and background noise), potentially violating 4th amendment rights with "stop and frisk"....be very wary freedoms once lost are seldom regained......

Everyday we slip a little closer to socialism.

Boy! These politicians are idiots. How can the people in Colorado sleep at night knowing that they put these frauds into government positions. What about protecting our rights like the second Amendment. Hopefully the people of Colorado will refuse to comply.

Looks like Colorado is going the way of California,Mass, New Jersey, and Illinois in stripping the people of their rights.Anywhere  anti American liberals in charge there is a loss of freedom.

.....think the criminals are going to limit THEIR ammunition capacity?

Governor, you and every one that voted for this had better enjoy your brief time in the sun.  Because it is going to be very dark and gloomy after your next attempt at getting elected again.  Everyone of you have just comitted political suicide and you will be voted out of office at the earliest opportunity!  Also what you have done here will be undone by the Republicans who replace you in the next election!

Take that slap in the face and LIKE it Colorado. You are now a Deamoncratic Dictatorship! Kiss your rights GOODBY!

Go the ATF site and read the form required to purchase a firearm.  The new laws are already on this form, such as domestic violence, even if it is pending in court.  Enforce the current laws?  It appears that the Colorado legislature and Governor haven't learned to read yet.so many things, are left where kids can reach, &amp; kill themselves.....each &amp; every year..check the poison control center records...but keep on thinking guns, guns..u r an idiot

Where is the legislation for increased school security?  Parent these politicians are not concerned about our kids.... otherwise security would have been the first hallmark legislation.... then they could attack guns....

"Sooou-Weeeeeeeeeeee"..."Sou-We,Sou-We,Sou-We"..."This Is Just Another Libturd Slop-Trough Call"..."BUCK FARRY", "DUCK FIANNE", &amp; "HUCK FICKENPOOPER" !!!You Idiots Need To Stop Trying To Force Feed Us All Of This Left-wing Gun Control Bull-Sheet You Obuttnugget Feces Sucking Bunch Of Morons..."A Free People Ought Not Only To Be Armed And Disciplined, But They Should Have Sufficient Arms And Ammunition To Maintain A Status Of Independence From Any Who Might Attempt To Abuse Them, Which Would Include Their Own Government."~George Washington"THE RIGHT TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED"..."PERIOD" !!!THE 2ND AMENDMENT IS THERE FOR OUR PROTECTION FROM "ALL ENEMIES"...FOREIGN, &amp; DOMESTIC !!!HERE'S A LITTLE GUN HISTORY:In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control. &gt;From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminatedIn 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915 to 1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Germany established gun control in 1938 and from 1939 to 1945, a total of 13 million Jews and others who were unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminated.China established gun control in 1935. From 1948 to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminatedGuatemala established gun control in 1964. From 1964 to 1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Uganda established gun control in 1970. From 1971 to 1979, 300,000 Christians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Cambodia established gun control in 1956. From 1975 to 1977, one million educated people, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in the 20Th Century because of gun control: 56 million.You won't see this data on the US evening news, or hear politicians disseminating this information.Guns in the hands of honest citizens save lives and property and, yes, gun-control laws adversely affect only the law-abiding citizens.Take note my fellow Americans, before it's too late!The next time someone talks in favor of gun control, please remind them of this history lesson. With guns, we are 'citizens'. Without them, we are 'subjects'.During WWII the Japanese decided not to invade America because they knew most Americans were "ARMED" !!!IT'S TIME TO SPEAK LOUD &amp; CLEAR AMERICA...THEY ARE TRYING TO SILENCE AND DISARM US...IT IS JUST A HARD FACT THAT THROUGHOUT HISTORY, GOVERNMENTS HAVE ALWAYS MANIPULATED TRAGEDIES, AND USED CHILDREN IN THEIR ATTEMPTS TO DISARM THE PEOPLE...STAND UP FOR YOUR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS, YOUR FREEDOMS, AND YOUR COUNTRY AMERICA !!!

Another "Feel Good" law that will be signed with absolutely no positive effect and people people, yes it's the people that do the act, will still kill people with or without guns. You want to solve the killing problem, (1) start with kids and teach them responsibility and accountability for their actions, (2) don't have pity, life sentence on the first offense, for people who do commit the crimes, and (3) make people understand they have to work for themselves, they are not entitled to things outside the Constitution.

Who is going to go into the homes and take the high capacity magazines away from the now honest citizens turned into criminals?The Second Amendment Party was here.

I refute ANY stupid law that tries to peel away OUR rights as an American! Come for my guns, your going to have a fight.

one more step THIS MUST STOP

I just thought of other states to spend my money visiting!  Oh, Kaliforniia, New York, New Jrsey, were crossed off long ago.

If Magpul leaves,as they said they may,if the mag limit is passed,S.C. is like the price is right,come on down.

What has more of a chance of gun violence?Where guns are allowed or where they are not allowed?Goodbye Magpul and hundreds of jobs and tens of millions of dollars for Colorado...s

Everyone does know how easy it is to modify ANY magazine to handle more rounds don't they? If not, there are many articles around the web that will help you. CA limits are only ten, most people still get 15 to 17 clips in the mail and you can still get 30, 45, 50 and 100 round magazines and drums if you want pretty easy.

1776 coming soon, Not cause nobody has the intestinal fortiude to do it my bad. Let them take our rights and stay silent then they take more until you find nothing left for them to take. We need to fight the fight all the screaming momies in CT chant now now now while we suffer. Be silent no more

Colorado's Governor is a moron and should be removed from his Office. Just another dirtbag politician who doesn't think rationally, just thinks like a liberal politician.

Every time I see another liberal media anti-gun article I always know what to expect from the idiotic notsee (sic) libstains in the comments section: childish attempts to insult Americans by calling them "gun nuts", fairy tales about and ultra-ignorance of the NRA, no valid contributions to the conversation, just hate and fascist rhetoric.

Universal background checks? Forcing people to pay for said background checks? Now you're just trying to make it hard for people to legally get guns. That's okay, the people who get them illegally won't be effected at all. These gun control measures just seem like big, expensive PR stunts to me. How about focusing on why these people kill rather than how they kill? How about fighting gun violence, rather than just fighting guns?

The state's already had two mass shootings with the "strict" gun laws that are already in place, why would more laws make a difference.  What a bunch of liberal idiots.

OK, somebody explain the logic of this to me.  You can legally have a 15 round magazine for your gun (or 2, 3 or more 15 round mags...) But you can't have a 16, 20 or 30 round mag.  It takes an experienced shooter about 3-4 seconds to load another 15 round mag in their gun.  Now you've got the equivalent of a 30 round (or more) mag capacity.  So what freakin' difference will 3-4 seconds make to a mental psychopath?  Na-da!Also, why is it OK to have a 15 round mag but not a 20 round mag?  It's like, is there a "bag limit" as to how many people a crazy person can legally slaughter?  "OK, you can shoot 15 people this time, but, well.., gee..., 16 would be over the limit, so don't shoot any more than 15, OK?"  The absurdity of it all!  Especially when the problem is NOT with the guns, it's with the violent gun culture we've created with the overly biased media....

The gun owners of colorado will throw these clowns out the next election

Why don't they set an example of severe punishment for those that commit atrocities, rather it be with guns or explosives?  Start with Holmes.They should just ban politicians!!!!!

TRAITOR TO THE COUNTRY AND HER PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!

Absolutely no more crimes in Colorado after Wednesday...with these new laws Colorado will be the first State that will be crime-free...plus Colorado will be the first state that is criminal-free. I will never have to lock my doors at night again.

who thinks that will help ?? yeah nobody

lol..go ahead and your pink slips too libs...sheriffs already said they will NOT enforce these new laws

ghetto thinking ,,,again

alright CO, time to show what you're made of. either you vote all these Dems out of office and put the will of the free people back in control, or you become the high altitude version of CA and NY.work wants me to move out to Denver. i laughed. never. i'll quit my job before i even remotely entertain the thought of moving to CO....

He apparently did not hear that Colorado sheriffs said the gun ban law is unenforceable so how is this different? It is odd that states which are predominantly run by liberals are called blue states. Considering that liberals are communists it is logical they should be red states.

Criminals will never submit to such a law so it will have no effect on crime.

How about that guns with mags that *only* hold 15 rounds. General Question, How long does it take to swap out a mag from a gun? 15-25 seconds? Yep that Law was intellegent!Looks like Hickenloopy wants to move up in the dem structure.

Yep, that's going to stop all the shooting deaths.  Mindless numb skulls.

So they are going to make legal gun buyers pay for a background check that they require. It's all about the money. What a great day to be a criminal in the Good Ole USA.

I hope it does not take ANOTHER invasion of this country to make the naysayerswish they AND their neighbor had a pistol a revolver a shotgun a riflea bushmaster AND a wheelbarrow of ammo.NEVER FORGET September 11, 2001

Just put the sign on the door, that will make us safe (GUN FREE ZONE)SIGN SIGN everywhere a SIGN,     not gunna stop someone          whos out of their MIND,might even cause them       to grow a spinebecause they can't fight back                    where u see the SI  IGNWhy???? Because the sign means (Shooters, your victims have been disarmed for your convenience)

watch the crime rate go up!

Fire him

Huck John Fickenlooper, If he wants my high capacity magazines he can bring his dumb az to my front door and ask for them. He won't like what he gets, but he can sure as hell ask! Civil Disobedience Colorado. That is our first response too this suck axe law. Then the ballot box in 2014. If none of that works, Then the Ammo Box!! Our rights shall Not be Abridged. We have a Bill of Rights! Not a Bill of Needs! Shove it Johnny Boy!!

What an idiot

He can kiss his tail goodbye this guy is history.James Holmes should have been killed by a concealed weapon before he had a chance to kill his first victim. It looks like Colorado's answer to the problem is to keep the citizens doped up and under a dictatorship.

Oh but 15 rounds is the magic number for colorado? Why not 17 or 10? Gun crime would come to a screeching halt if there were only 14 round magazines allowed.

VOTE!

Come on Colorado get rid of these liberal communist #$%$. You will end up like California, instead of mountain men you will have men mounting men.

Both shootings were in gun free zones. The theatre was the only one in town to ban concealed carry. It really doesn't matter because I believe the law says you can't kill anyone anyways. Why don't these killers just follow that law? Then all would be good. Now they will have to only be able to buy ten round mags, so they will get #$%$ and not shoot anyone any more, I like it!

Sure, the governor has his bodyguards.  The rest of the politicians live in gated communities and they will get all the ammunition they want.

Drunk drivers kill people so are you going to banned  cars or alcohol as well. Guns dont kill people.people kill people

colorado is the western version of obamba land--must be where all the old hippies went.

What are they going to do about the sawed off shotguns the columbine shooters used??? Oh wait, sawing off the barrels was already a FELONY!!!!!!! How about those 99 homemade explosive devices?????????

My half Italian side is telling me that they just created a great opportunity for organized crime to make some $$$. With hundreds of millions already in circulation and no serial #s, and being that magazines are easier to make than many drugs and alcohal the possibilities are endless!!!!!!!!!!!These people that want to ban our guns are probably the same people that support the murder of innocent children through abortion.  Hypocrites!!!!

So how is that .45 caliber whistle working for you so far?

Will not do anything to curb ANY killings!!!!YOU CAN'T FIX STUPID!!!!WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE THAT VOTE IN THESE BAFFOONS?

California liberals are taking over and wrecking Colorado.

When tyrannical politicos show up on your door step, don't bother dialing 911, Dial 1911 instead.Colt, the weapon of champions for well over 100 years and counting!  What a difference a .45 hole makes in a tyrants day!

Soon all blue states will have this, it works for me

I wouldn't be surprised to find out that all these politicians trying to ban guns and ammo are knee deep in gun stocks.  Threaten to ban weapons and ammo, there's a run on them and guns stocks go through the roof.

It will also have an immediate negative impact- 500+ jobs will be gone

Does anybody know if the law bans only future sales of higher capacity mags or outlawspossession of them?  Seems like the latter would be nigh impossible to police.  The background check expansion and domestic violence policy are good.

maybe table salt and the big gulp is next, oh wait thats been doneStore them up now..might need them..

Why dont they just ban politicians!

Hollywood squares

I hope this comes back to haunt all these politicians and they are voted out next election.  Surely these laws will be challenged on their constitutionality and be overturned.  Good luck Magpul,  come on over to Tennessee.  We are a very red state and will welcome you.

If a State can limit our magazines to XX rounds, they also would have the authority to take our guns.     .........from my cold, dead fingers.

The gun control mentality: Teenagers are racing though town at 90mph in a 25mph zone. So they want to lower the speed limit to 20mph.

Gee,...do ya' think the thugs and sicko's will really take notice of this ban?

The Columbine shootings occured durning the middle of the federal weapons ban that was in place from 1994 until 2004. HMMM. I guess banning the weapons and magazines really does work after all(note dripping sarcasm).

Im sure all the criminals will obey this law

They always fail to mention the boys who did the Comumbine shooting did not purchase the guns at the show, they has a STRAW PURCHASER do it for them ILLEGALLY and the state did not charge her!!!!!!!!!!Why do these people waste time and money on do nothing laws which will be ignored by gun owners and not enforced by Sheriffs?The only way they pass muster is if the Cheater in Chief Keyan stacks SOCTUS with evil Libs who don't read the constitution any how. Civil War Now, the only good Lib is a dead Lib!

Colorado used to be a nice place to live.  People would leave you alone. Now the liberals have made the state into a PC (political correct) state. They don't understand that criminals don't obey the law and they will get what they want illegally!! Duh.

The shooter at Sandy Hooks broke over 100 laws, would have broken 200, and not one caused him to stop. Get A Grip !!!!

It should read "Colorado Gov gets rid of Ammo manufacture. Taxpayers to see higher taxes and less jobs. Gov Hick vows he will use a knife to take the extra revenue from rich Coloradans".

People are getting sick of this #$%$. They will push back at some point and these a s s wholes better find a good hiding place.

dumb ill conceved legislation by dumb liberal polititions,don't punish the guilty, punish every one. thats the mentality of libs.

what a dumb #$%$ dim.

He'll sign the bill on Wednesday and hopefully start looking for a new job on Thursday. According to the Denver Post 90% of those polled are against any of the bills he'll be signing.

Robert,you tell it like it is!

Knee-jerk, thoughtless reaction.Voters in that state need to wake up.@Robert: Best. Post. Ever.

I wished they would focus on Mental Health funding..So many lives are lost needlessly and there would be fewer people in the prisons. Where did the funding go. Do the research and you will find the answers. Sadly our Country is sinking into decay and more unstable people. Have noticed a increase in deaths from stabbings. Guess when God is removed from society, then evil and depraved people will increase.

Just another state to eliminate off of my future retirement.  The list is getting smaller and smaller.

DONE, finished with anything Colorado ! ! ! Nothing, not one penny to anything in Colorado, no vacations, and I will be the WORST advertiser for anything Colorado ! ! ! Urge all firearm owners to leave Colorado, so the criminals KNOW it is a free crime zone anywhere in Colorado !!!

What else can you expect from a state that just passed gay marriage rights.  The Gays in Colorado can now smoke their joints at their weddings but when the marriage fails they can only defend themselves with 15 round magazines.  I used to vacation in Colorado, NO MORE!!!

I'm sure these laws apply to the police and agents of the state too, right?...sarcasm off.

Sadly, I *am*  a resident of Colorado and am horrified at this legislation.  As others have said before, these are 'feel-good' pieces of legislation that do nothing to address the problems, and are made entirely for political purposes.  Above and beyond, they are very, very poorly written laws, especially the one regarding magazines, as they also include language that says any magazine that could be adapted to hold more is included.  Pretty much any magazine for modern firearms can be modifed to hold additional rounds, so even magazines that are complaint can be banned via loophole.  The other piece of idiocy is probably only apparent to gun owners:  Most 'high-capacity' pistols are such because they hold lower caliber (smaller bullets) rounds.  I have a 9mm pistol that holds 17 rounds box standard.  So they at a level are ENCOURAGING higher caliber and DEADLIER ammunition because the magazines are smaller.  (( yes, to all informed gun persons, we can argue +P+ and other lethality in other forums, this is just for the general public )).   So, if I was worried, I would just have to get a .40 cal which comes with a 15 round magazine and arguably more lethal?  The whole argument is based around a "magic number" they picked out of their head.What worries me just as much is that most gun deaths in America come from improperly secured weapons in home that are fired accidently.  This legislation is going to encourage that, as some people with artifically small magazines are going to be that much more likely to carry a round in the chamber, which means a much higher chance of accidents.

With all respect to law enforcement in a life or death situation, dialing 911 is not going to save you. Response time for police to arrive is between 4 and 7 minutes, you're going to have to defend yourself and your loved ones. A police officer told me this!

Hello Colorado.... is anybody there? ...HELLOOOOOOOO

i wish that these bozos would start working on real issue and solve problem with real solutions what a bunch of dummies we have running this countryIf the democrat politicians need a cruth then go to the drug store and buy one because guns will not work.

Californians leaving their oppressive state then immediately trying to change their new home inti the state they left.  This was Phoenix 10 years ago.  There is a reason California is known as the land of the "fruits and nuts."

Well, there goes the Nation.Slowly but surely the Bill of Rights will become a thing of the past as liberals and those goody goody two shoers want to be recognized for the "good" that they have done for the people of their state and the nation. To think, that just the elite will have any gun they want with any capacity magazine they want without any sort of reprisal.The only good that will come out of all of this is that the good guys will become disarmed and the criminal element will just roll over the masses and take what they can steal. Never go to jail due to overcrowded jails because the good guys are now the criminals due to owning the wrong firearm or a magazine that holds too many bullets.The Lemmings have spoken and they are us. Not all of us, just the elite... and the elected.

It will just drive it to a different method. Two semi-automatic pistols with 10 clips of 15 could be easy to conceal and throw a lot of lead. Hope it never happens, it's rather strange two months ago we were talking about wait until some whack job pulls a fire alarm a nails folks once they get outside. Thank goodness the fruit committed suicide when he knew his was going to get caught. Plus he had bomb material in a dorm. Time to start running dogs thru the dorms checking for gun powder/explosives&gt;

2nd amendment - the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. But it says arms - does not say machine guns. Not m60 tanks, icbms or nuclear warheads or predator drones or ground to air missiles. No. No. No say the nra and gop. It just says arms - all types of arms including nuclear bombs. And it says people but it doesn't say those incarcerated in prisons or mental hospitals or children the age of 5. No. No. No say the nra and gop. It just says people. All people. Anywhere. Of all ages. Charlie manson's and jeffery dahmer's right to bear arms shall not be infringed upon even if they are in prison.Watch the youtube videoAR-15 Slide Fire Maximum Fire RateWhoa. Firing at the ar15's maximum legal firing rate. 900 rounds/minute like an m16 in full auto.

Last term, baby!

How does he expect the new businessmen in the developing pot trade  to protect their investments ?

One thing is for sure, if these Democrats that are doing this for spite or just to be in the status quo, they have a mentality problem, so they won't be able to get gun permits or buy guns legally, either. Just wait until the next election , if there is one. Sure glad I don't live in Colorado or New York.

What kind of id10t are you to think limiting a citizens freedom is for his own good.... ????????

Steve ooooohhhh.  I am sure you are scaring NOBODY!!!!We should start a pool on which state hang's it's politician's first!  $5.00 on illinois!

As a Viet Nam veteran I took the same oath that these politicians did. What is happening in Colorado is a breach of that oath, called TREASON. Politicians cannot legally pass legislation to infringe on ANY of our rights, if they get away with this then all our rights are in jeopardy and can be infringed upon when ever they feel like it. There must be some attorneys reading this that have the brass to take this on for the sake of this great naton.

time for a recall

Soon all blue states will have this, it works for me

I still say that (and I'm not saying they  SHOULD  do this)  but limiting the number of rounds in a "clip" – the removable/changeable magazine – really is meaningless. Even if they limited it to like 10 rounds, it only takes a second to snap in a fresh one. You can still go on a shooting spree if you want to! If they were going to do anything they should ban the replaceable magazines, for instance my deer rifle is a five round internal magazine. It would be hard to go on a shooting spree if I had to stop and manually put in five new rounds after expending them!

Have you never heard of piggy backing magazines?

Here's the issue. If the GOP doesn't like the Democrat's take on gun control, then let's see them pass legislature that solves the problem of gun violence and mass shootings.*crickets....

Make all the laws you want that make you feel better....criminals will still get guns and shootings will continue until we become a God fearing country again.

this is one of the most (for lack of a better word )plain damn stupid things they have so many laws now and dont enforce them so let them make more then they can enforce them on good people and the damn bad guys will still be doin what they do cause they dont care about your stupid laws

Hey Magpul,  We would love to have you in North Florida.  I'll turn you on to some great inshore saltwater fishing if you come.DUMB #$%$

Ever wonder why the liberal are the ones taking all the heat when it comes to addressing these tragic incidents? When was the last time anyone read or heard about any constructive suggestions or proposals from the conserves? Well, when it comes to the conserves it's pretty much the ho hum, do nothing, status quo, people kill people, incarcerate all the mentally ill, shoot out at the OK coral, let's not upset the apple cart mentality.

Allow Pot,go after guns.Seems the transplanted Californians have taken over Colorado.

He Colorado! Welcome to Communist America! Congratulations on being one of the first States in the Union to convert from American to Commie. I always wanted to visit and Hunt in Colorado. Not anymore. And guess what? It gets worse from here on in.

The people need to do anything they can to remove Hickenlooper from office. He does not have our best interests at heart. That goes for any politician that votes against our freedoms.

Thank you CO Gov. for trying to prevent another SANDY HOOK!

Welcome to a new under ground smuggling industry Colorado!Remember prohibition? The "so called" war on drugs in the 80'sIf we don't learn from history we are doomed to repeat it's mistakes.Just sayin!G.ReaperWelcome to the resistance!Welcome to the rebel alliance!Welcome *LPPBL* Little people's professional Bowling League to the Holiday Inn in Littelton Co.

#$%$.  You just signed your political death warrant.

GWB stopped in to call on Oh!bammmie and asked "Do you know any political jokes?" Oh!bammmie said "No they are all working as Governors and Senators right now."

Waaah ...I can only shoot 15 rounds instead of 30 or 100 into that dear I'm supposedly hunting with my semiautomatic.  I can't pre-shred my meat while hunting... we have to protect access to military weapons so some nut can gain access to it to kill innocent kids...yes....my whole rights to own a gun is destroyed now because I can only get a smaller clip....ahhh the whole country is going up on flames because of this :-SYeah Man, Can't Have Weed AND Guns. CO made Their Choice.

Gun control does not work.Gun Free Zones are an example of how gun control fails to protect anyone

Inanimate objects do not act on their own. Using any object with a malicious intent to harm another is a crime, regardless if a firearm is involved. We have laws to protect you from violent crime. Stop asking for firearm specific laws.

I think America has forgotten the definition of Liberty.the quality or state of being free, the power to do as one pleases,freedom from physical restraint, freedom from arbitrary or despotic control,the positive enjoyment of various social, political, or economic rights and privileges,the power of choiceGun control is NOT liberty!

No one is taking your rights away!! You guys need to grow up and stop whining like spoil brats about every little thing.  And NO, you cannot have an Abrams tank, an assault weapon with multi-round clips, or an F-16 fighter jet; that's what we have a military for.....Remember the innocence of Sandy Hook; that's what we are trying to prevent yet AGAIN!

Who going to enforce your laws.not the cops not the military

Guess who just made the list of "not voted back in", the gov. just slit his throat.........

And gunnuts continue advocating everyone armed and having o rgasm of the thought of shoot-out between good-guys bad-guys!

I think all gun control laws like this should carry clauses that state that if the law is passed then there is another massacre within the jurisdiction of the law, every politician who voted for it and the governor who signed it should not only resign, but should also be held liable for lawsuits for producing a faulty product, namely the gun control law that failed.You think gun control's gonna work?  OK, you can be liable when it doesn't, just like the maker of any other product that endangers the public .

Damnit man= the liber ado crack heads are on a fukn rollvote those tyrants out next timeThe people have spoken, he and every other democrat will be recalled in the general election,the petitions are ALREADY circulating, and the AG has stated that the Sheriff's are the CLEO's, so who is going to enforce these?  the Denver PD?This is why you NEVER welcome people from NY or Cali or any other leftist state into the neighborhood....

Well I have to ask,how many magazines can you carry and how fast can you eject one and insert another  15 round mag.

WIMP!

40% of right wing brainless idiots believing sandy hook truthers. listen up you brainless idiots, there are 40% of you stupid idiots think sandy hook is a fake story made up by government. don't feel bad there are 48 million of you idiots in this country

criminals will still be able to get guns off the streets,this bill fails to stop that :(

Has To Be Enforced By Courts And Law Enforcement For It To Work

wont do any good if it isn't inforced

So how is the word BANNED defined?Do you have to dispose of ammo magazines that you already own, or is there some grandfather clause which would let you keep what you already owned before the law became affect..?

In Sandy Hook the perpetrator had two guns and did not empty either clip. Are we going to make it a law that they cannot carry 2 guns when they going to shooting spree? I'm thinking that may actually stop them from carrying 2 guns then.

When they have to run back ground checks on their kin folk to sell a gun or face prison time they will cote out allll demacrats or the next round will be outlawing cokes or candy bars like New York.So this means the first 15 times you choot someone in CO is free? Just as long as you don't reload and choot'em a 16th time? Sweet! That's almost twiced as much as NY- they only believe in chootin' a feller 7 times there! Yee-Haw!

the only way to control your politions is with your vote,and if their already in office kick their #$%$ outand take away all benifits that the office came with!!!

Funny to watch the successes of gun control and the gun-lovers keep thinking they're winning.  It's like a watching the Romney lovers back 5 months ago think they're winning.

Why are Coloradans so #$%$?  Why did they vote for Ob*ma twice in a row?  I'd say it's(1) Rocky Mountain High (marijuana now legal at state level);(2) Too many Califruita rejects who, having destroyed the once Golden State by #$%$ in their nest, have now moved to Colorado and are doing the same there.

Good for CO!!!!!

Thank God and the Colorado legislature; the people of Colorado can now sleeppeacefully in their beds at night knowing they are safe.

What we need is a system like Japan which had only 11 gun deaths in 2008.  11!!!  Compared to the 52000 killed every year in America.  Think about it this way thats about equal to the number of soldiers who died in vietnam (58,000), 1 1/2 times the number of soldiers who died in Korea (36,000), and nearly 9 times the number of dead from Afghanistan and Iraq (6500).  OUR STREETS REMAIN A BIGGER BATTLEFIELD THAN ANY OF THOSE WARS!!!  And they were over muitliple years, and in the case of the middle east a decade.  The difference between Japan and the US is that Japan doesnt think we live in the old west anymore.  THEY HAVE GROWN UP.  They treat gun ownership not as a right that any bad #$%$ of the street can buy, but as an earned reward after years of proper training and the required mental health check ups.  I realize that we cant get ride of every gun of the street, which is why I think we shouldnt be totally like Japan.  People should be able to own a handgun or shotgun for self defense and hunting but they dont need an arsenal of them, or an AR15, an AK or any other automatic or semi automatic weapon.  People who think the government is out to get them, are stuck in the past and need to realize that the only way we lose our freedom (real freedoms not this gun entitlment #$%$, im talking about freedom of speech, religion, assembly, etc) is if we vote it away.  And even then there are to many checks and balances for that to realistically happen.

I applaud Gov. Hickenlooper,this takes a lot of courage to take a stand against the stupid guns laws. When the forefathers created the right to carry guns they had no idea that the world could create weapons like this. We have no reasons for any weapon that shoots more than 10 rounds at a time unless you are on a battlefield fighting a war. I am a Military Vet. with a great deal of Experience shooting many types of weapons, i have seen the damage that a gun/rifle does this is the reason i will not allow any weapon in my home. if you were attacked walking down the streets the chances of you having an assault style weapon on your person and it is at home is it going to help you? (NO)

looks like colorado is trying to run the inbred, gun-toting teabaggers out of the state-- i hope they dont come here!

Way to go Colorado!!!   Your level of intelligence is much higher than most of the rest of the clowns in D.C.I see the administrator for comments will block any comments that aren't against gun laws and regulations. The 2nd amendment says "well regulated malicia" which means guns can be regulated...and by the way a lone gun owner id not a malicia

So I take it he is O.K. with 15 people at a time being shot down vs. 30?

SANDY HOOK must never be repeated; let the whiners whine!  We stand with the Governor of CO.

Remember the victims of SANDY HOOK, that's what's important!!

Well done in colorado, and if some police chiefs and other renegades dont want to enforce the law, vote them or fire them out of there.

Magazine limits is ok, you don't need 30 rounds to go hunting. But as for weapons in no way should any ban be placed on them.

What are the hunting Laws like out there? I thought for rifle and shotgun 3 rounds and for a sidearm it was 6 rounds?

Bravo!!  Well done, Governor

To the poeple of Colorado,You let these liberal progressives take over your state and now you have to live with your failure to stop them.  Good luck, they spread their mental disease like the plague.

There is nothing very likeable about the NRA.Good job Colorado.

Good job Governor. It's high time someone stepped up to the plate and did the right thing. next: Take all guns from these whacked out repubes.

I see the children killers are blogging today even saying they would kill the sheriff if he try's to enforce - grow up and then"Keep Smiling"

Thank God A sane political leader.

No way a normal person objects to some common sense gun control. It's these frothing at the mouth gun people that own arsenals that object. They and their cronies are totally unreasonable. Get with the program and welcome to the 21st century. The MAJORITY RULES and wants gun control.