Let the bullets fly was a good movie.  I don't have a problem with subtitles but most don't want to be bothered.

I'm sure if you translate a Cali based english language COMEDY into Chinese you won't have a lot of Chinese laughing either. Comedies aside, I've had some pretty bad experiences with horribly translated Chinese movies. I mean, if they are half serious about making a buck outside of China, they really got to do better with the translations. Pictures alone doesn't sell in the movies industry.

Only a few american films are released in China on the wide screen because China doesn't like sex , violence, anti social behavior, or anything about overthrowing the government.

American movies that travel well are almost always action movies where the stunts and carnage are the stars and most of the lines are grunts and curses.  It's universal.

Did that simply mean they were boycotted elsewhere?

One man's meat is another man's poison. Two cultures have different perspectives and values. Still, we can live in the same world in harmony.

Chinese movies are terrible. Always the same. Fighting the Japanese or fighting the Taiwanese. China is a terrible country.

Ohhh, that is because [lips keep moving] you do not know [lips stop moving] power of sitting duck.  Go [lips start moving] and drink tea of Gong-suang-chee [lips stop moving].

Americans only appreciate movies like GI Joe or Chuck Norris. Given US lost most of its oversea wars and Chuck Norris was beaten by Bruce Lee in a real tournament, you can tell Americans can only live in fantasy and borrow Yuans for their Food Stamps.

while action-fantasy "Painted Skin: The Resurrection," starring Donnie Yencome on donny yen was on the first film not second. get your facts straightThe Chinese government blocks most US movies from entering the market.  The ones that are allowed in are only allowed to screen for a short period of time.  Despite constantly selling out, the Chinese government forced theaters to stop showing Avatar.Because of this, most Chinese movies are simply remakes of American movies but with worse acting and in Chinese.  Since Chinese is spoken outside of China much less frequently than English, of course people prefer the better made English language American version.

Free online TV about China at CCTV-9 website.

I wish the Shaw Brothers studio would open up again and that they would find a new cast of actors to equal the original Venom's and start making kick #$%$  Kung Fu movies again. I don't want to watch any romantic comedies in any language.

Most movies from China are propaganda.

film had been successful.america taste are different from chinese culture.unless america understand chinese language.dubbing is  major problem of chinese film.english words are limited.american box office does not set the world standard or determine whether a film had been successful or not.after all, america society is more or less homogenous society. not diverse enough .

American movies only know sex and violence, every american movies emphasis when a man meet a woman, sex is a normal social event, it never fails.

do you know  why  because  they are all the same ,, if  not fantasy is hatting on japan thats all they know how to make exepct lee  but he is from taiwan

I live in China and have seen several very good movies here, The Orphan was a really good story..but I have to agree that Chinese movie makers cant connect with a wider audience for several reasons, least of which is the cultural differences. Chinese culture lacks the sophistication of the west and story lines are copied here more than a million times which is why I cant watch TV here, ya know "bot meets girl, falls in live, he cheats gets caught, they fight, break up, get back together he is rich, she is poor.....blah, blah..".... and popular music here is ALWAYS about pathetic broken romance.....gag me.

It will be a blockbuster in Confucian cultures like Koreas, Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, and much of Asia. Until the west become civilized, they will never learn to appreciate finer Chinese artistry such as this film. Did u know China owns AMC, the largest cinema chain in the US?

By the time I work a 10 hr day, get home deal with wife and kids, and I finally have time to watch a movie, I am NOT interested in reading subtitles. For all the people that say the like them; go ahead and enjoy your self. But people who work for a living and do not have time to keep rewinding the movie to read what they missed, are not interested in reading a movie, I might as well just read a book.Chinese movies are for the birds, acting so boring, stories so fakes, if doing so well inAsia, should stay there

And now a line from the next big Chinese blockbuster called : " My Grandfather's Take-Out "............. " Hey, That not cockroach in soup . That only burned noodle ! " .............

LOL...China trying to make movies now...it's cute. Maybe one day they'll be as adorable as the Indians and their silly Bollywood stuff. Seriously, they should stick with manufacturing wal-mart products and IT support.

hollywood is no longer capable of good filmaking....shaky cameras...too much c g i, and well, bad acting....

Lost in Thailand, ya right like we want to watch the hangover 3 in Chinese with English subtitles.No B/S I watched Back to the Future 3 in Hong Kong, no one in the theatre laughed or got excited when ZZ Top spun their guitars in the old west.Darn cultural division, it was in English but the Chinese subtitles were annoying……….

I have tried viewing movies from China but it sounded like Chinese to me...

To me the basic problem is fairly simple, eastern culture and language when it is literally portrayed (particularly verbal humor) does not translate very well into other western languages or cultures. I have seen this with several Asian movies, most historically in Japanese movies of the 50's and early 60's where its a Japanese director and studio making a film directly for the Japanese market where all the cultural interaction and language dynamics are centered in the specific behavior patterns based on that culture, it simply does not translate well into western cinema, and comes off as boring or flat. The only Asian movies that ever do well overseas have been where the director makes a movie using the same conventional western technics used in America or Britain. Akira Kurusawa the most famous director from Japan, his movies were not well liked INSIDE Japan when they first came out because they they were shot and edited was so western and un-Japanese to the Japanese populace. Eventually they got used to the western style and then adapted and adjusted their own product. Some directors (like Hayao Miyazaki) are now better story tellers than their western counterparts. The only Chinese directors that have successfully made movies that have been commercial successes overseas eventually left China to work here in the West.  I am sure the Chinese are now going to go thru this adjustment also.

It always makes me happy to see stories about capitalism improving the lives of the Chinese people.  They were our allies in WW2 and deserved better than Mao and the communist oppression they endured for many long years.  Hopefully their communist rulers will continue to allow economic freedom bring prosperity to the Chinese people.If only our own politicians had a clue.

Film? Get back in your sweatshop and make my iphone. You clowns know not of art or taste.. I got more taste in my balls. They only thing you will ever produce is cheap garbage, lies and pollution.

Nope ain't gonna flyCommunist propaganda!!!Subsidy, subsidy, like everything else the Chinese do.  The Communist government tells the big companies to give free tickets or reduce price tickets to their employees to go see such and such movies.  Thus the government determines what movies to be hits and what movies to be flops.You will see a 700 RMB monthly salary worker going to a 100 RMB movie but eating a 2 RMB bowl of noodles outside the theatre.

No one is going to watch CCP propaganda films. lol.

Alright, I'm confused! Since when does "Made in China" not sell in the U.S.?

Chinese films do suck ! Period I just do not get the Chinese sense of humor

NO HARM NO SHAME IN MY THINKING HERE . BUT do we not have ASIAN AMERICAN KIDS here that are GREAT film KIDS ? try NYC or USC ( CALIF ) or big bad UCLA FILM SCHOOLS ! we have it all right here . so now it is their moveis YAHOO WANTS TO SHOVE DOWN OUR THROATS .

DUHHHHH!  Goin' to a bar instead of the movies anyway.

Foriegn sub-titled films will never be big in the U.S. . America loves simple plots with simple dialogue from thier over paid , under achieving Hollywood idols .

They make other movies aside from Japanese war crimes??? That's a shocker. Next.

I think it would do well in Chinese Mandarin, on Hulu or Netflix - I hate watching a film that's been dub'd into English- sure, you could do subtitles -and have options for muliple langauge subtitles but keep the native original director/ producer designed language in it if possible.Of course, for Mandarin- I have an unfair advantage- 3 years of living, breathing, studying, and being fully immerssed in a mixture of proper Mandarin, and other accents.

Just what we need more things made in China!!!!I don't go see these type of movies any more, its all same thing kang fu this and kang fu that after thousand of them in movies and Youtube its all about same.

I dont like when the actors mouths keep moving after the words stop.(*mouth still moving*)

I think most people just hate reading subtitles. I have done it so much I often find myself reading the subtitles on shows and films done in English and Spanish even though I know the languages.

good movies....and i didnt have to read subtitles. learning another language really broadens your experiences.

So what is the big surprise? China and the US are two very different cultures and both create movies with very different budgets. The French and German films could be considered to be much more similar to American movies than the Chinese and I can't recall any that were played here in Canada off the top of my head in the past decade.Does anyone know of any Israeli or Japanese?Just another stupid article to try and make Americans feel better about themselves.

it's not uncommon at all for Asians to be depicted in a very negative light in the West, although it's changing slowly, I do think however Asians watch much more Western movies than Westerners watch Asian movies

Asians will never fully understand Europeans, Europeans will never fully understand the Asian experience, what flies in asia usually never does in the west, and vice versa, on a recent trip to Thailand, I notice how different things are on tv compared to the states, and the magazines in the stores are all Asian peoples, asia is a 180 degree turn from the west

"Lost in Thailand" follows two businessmen who encounter a tourist while searching for their boss."Sounds like a cheap knock off of Hangover 2. Substitute friends for businessmen, the brides brother for the boss and a wedding/bachelor party for a business trip.

chinese movie would sell well in america if they talk about supremacy of america people or how powerful ,how intelligent or how charming are they in the movie,that explain why movie based on superhero, alien always sell well in americanthey need some reassurance that they are the best.they are paranoid people. america is so fragile.if the movie talk about the truth about america society, the movie would not do well.like movie where america lost war to china or iran.invasion of america by north korea "red dawn" fail miserably in usa box office.their idea" america cannot been invaded by anyone"

Nice safety glasses dork.america movie sell sex more than real idea in their movies.they lost to best director to ang lee.

True Americans get  sick of seeing "Made in China" everywhere! No true American would go watch a movie from China!

Let's see now...............in the communist country where they are forced to do.....whatever, the movie does well...  Where there is a choice....nobody goes! Gosh, what could explain that?  That is a bit like taking taxpayer money and flushing it down the toilet of "alternative energy technologies" like Solyndra.  Obviously the whole problem isn't the flushing it down the toilet, our dictator just needs the power to make us all buy the #$%$ he's selling.............like China? like ObamaCare, like cabon credits, like big butt Michelle telling us what to eat, like nothing happened in Benghazi, like lets give the unions control of GM &amp; Chrysler, like screw small businesses because I can't manipulate them so I will put them out of business, like "I will bankrupt the coal industry".  Are we having fun yet???

We are the WORLD. Do we even care what's happening outside of US? NO!!! China, India, Japan, Korea......really, do these countries even exist??? When was the last time we have box blockbuster French, Italian, or Spanish movie in the US? If there was, it was a US made 'foreign' movie.

Silly Chinese. Hollywood wasn't built overnight. Hollywood had been studying global distribution while China is figuring out how to run a film camera. Here's a hint. Local movie flops in the U.S. are billion dollar returns globally. You want to trump Hollywood? Beat that.

Of course it was a flop I looked up the trailer and what I saw was basically the Chinese version of the hangover.

americans are too lazy to read subtitles

pirated dvd in china sold mostly to foreigner.many of my foreigner  friends told me that it is easy to buy pirated dvd movie.chinese movie does not sell well in usa  box office  because of pirated issue in american societytake a look at youtube, america owned company by google.full of pirated chinese movie.no action been taken,google who talk about intellectual property rights.cannot explain why youtube has so much pirated movie.american already watch chinese movie on the internet- rarely go to cinema.

Basically. China is doing so well that they don't have to make movies that appeal to anyone else in the world. In other words, their movies suck.

Maybe its mentality....after all they would eat your doggie....Chinese only allow 38 foreigner movies per year and now Chinese want hollywood help to boost up chinese entertainment industries. Stupid chinese selfish.

I'd never heard of "Let The Bullets Fly" or "Painted Skin: Resurrection" until now-particularly the latter film, as I'm a big Donnie Yen fan-but I'll look for both at my local DVD store.

china doesn't like anything that isn't Chinese...so they steal it make it their own and put their seal of approval on it.

it failed because it sucked. The only reason it was successful in China is because the government bought out theater after theater and sent the primary school students on a "field trip" to jack up box office numbers. And before you wonk trolls jump on this statement know that a kodak cinema is next to my gym in Shanghai and I asked the kids everyday what movie they were going to see and if they the ticket was free. The answer was "yes"

American's like films that bash China, not films made by real Chinese people with real Chinese themes.

Chinese movies should promote GAYS, immoral sex and corrupt social behaviors, then Hollywood would market it in the US.

The comments by the obviously mainland Chinese here is testament as to why Chinese films and comments cannot appeal to a wider audience.

The Hong Kong actors and actresses are all below par and ugly, they won't even make it to low budget porno flicks.

Maybe made in China porno flicks will do the job?