He's lucky he wasn't holding a 32oz soft drink. He might have been shot.

No mention whether any of the police officers who made these stops were black themselves, or would that be racist? So apparently all police officers are white and all people stoped by them are black. In the future when the police go to a crime ridden black neighborhood they should only stop white people.

Who says Bloomberg doesn't want to be a dictator?  "Your papers please comrade citizen ".

studying what in Cuba?

Well I was stopped and frisked too and I am NOT black! Just an ole whitey! You all voted this government in, now you're paying for it in many ways and making others pay too that did NOT vote in this government!

Divide and conquer. The latest attempt by the US Gov and Yahoo to start race wars in theUSA.....

"student David Floyd was frisked by officers outside of his apartment as he helped a neighbor locked out of his home."  So the Police should not check out someone appearing to break into a residence..

Not race, but appearance.  If you look like an idiot, you'll probably be treated like an idiot...no matter what race.

They looked like they were hiding 32oz. Big Gulps.

Two blacks playing with my locked front door would get them shot.The biggest cause of racism is living in the White House.  barry has done more damage in the area of race relations. Why people can't see that barry is a racist through and through.

Why is a high crime area in  minority neighborhoods? That seems a racist statement and the police should stay out and let the minoritys take care of their own neighborhoods.

These are Gestapo tactics by the NYPD.The city should be fined billions for infringing their rights.

As they say in Russia, TOUGHSHITSKE.

If you don't like how you are treated then change your well deserved reputation.

I do not believe if a person is stopped and acts civil and cooperates, they would be thrown against the car.Look at the statistics how crime has dropped in those areas. I would think a honest person would welcome the trade off for a little inconvenience to reduce the chance of getting robbed or even shot, just because you happen to look the wrong way.

I am a true conservative and I can't stand Sharpton but, as a conservative I realize if I don't protect the rights of those other peoples, it is only a matter of time before my rights will be abused. We can't allow government to abuse our freedom in the name of safety or soon we will have neither.

Impeach Boob-berg!

Come on folks! If I were helping a neighbor get into their home which they accidentaly locked themselves out of - I would say that if the cops simply took our word for it were derelict of their duty if they did not handle it as a possible break in. Stop being so sensitive. (and I say this as a minority myself - who can also be over sensitive.)

Bloomberg has 0 respect for the constitution.  He's all about Bloomtopia.When blacks represent 80% of the crime, wth do you think is going to happen?

Hey, your the dummies who keep voting for bloomberg- If he wasn't a jew I'd call him a nazi.

Just wondering if these alleged complaints were lies; similiar to how Obama lies all the time?Why would trained police officers just pick a person to interrogate 'without cause' and because of race, ie...with big brother "secular/progressive/liberal/democrat/aclu/jessejackson/alsharpton watching the police for racism-   too!  Is there any record(s) on file of these alleged interrogation(s)?!

When 90% of blacks act and dress uncivilized, what would you expect. When 10% of those frisked are arrested for something, it seems to be a good policy.

Urkel got frisked, whats the difference in this and gettin on an airplane?

Note the complainers: Filthy knee grow supports of Ohvomit. What - you knee grows just want to go out commit crimes against us whiteys. NYPD says nope !

Here is an article from the NY Times.........draw your own conclusion. No race card here just facts.Blacks are only 23 percent of the city’s population. Based on reports filed by victims, blacks committed 66 percent of all violent crime in New York in 2009, including 80 percent of shootings and 71 percent of robberies. Blacks and Hispanics together accounted for 98 percent of reported gun assaults. And the vast majority of the victims of violent crime were also members of minority groups.Non-Hispanic whites, on the other hand, committed 5 percent of the city’s violent crimes in 2009, 1.4 percent of all shootings and less than 5 percent of all robberies.

If what the three have said, they have a case.  As for class action there is no case because they would have to show an overwhelming perponderance of evidence that would sustain their argument that this is wide spread.  Guys like Al sharpton want to keep racism alive because they would be out of business if this simple law suit was just a simple law suit where there is a redress of grievences.George!

Maybe they should have all the police banned from their areas and let the people patrol them selves. Let's see them complain then. You either want protection or not , make up your minds.

I agree with Thomas; the gov is behind this sudden "race war" that has ONLY sprung up in the last few months.  I'm 60 some years old and I've heard NOTHING about racial problems, other than a bit of chatter here and there, since the late 1980s.  The government, ALL of it, Dems and Republicans alike, are behind all of this, you can be sure.  If we, the people, would turn a blind eye and NOT get excited, "they" would soon have to give up and try another way to divide us.Racism is getting worse! For the most part black people hate us and were sick of blacks.I have no clue how to fix it

those few who were actually arrested should all be released and their records should be purged of these charges due to illegal searches, police abuse and on general "that #$%$'s just plain wrong" reasoning. This IS still AMERICA isn't it???

Walking while Black, now?  Probably stopped by black or hispanic officers, since it is too hard for white to get on the force

Devin Almonor looks like a hoodlum.  No wonder he was stopped.

A year after stop and frisk is ended they'll be screaming that the police aren't doing enough to keep them from murdering each other.

I think I would rather have the protection, even if it meant myself getting stopped and questioned at some point.   I wouldn't be offended, but thankful that somebody is alert and trying to do their job.

I know of several police offficers who were killed because the officer did not frisk the suspect, even tho it was just a minor stop.

You can’t have a free country and a police state at the same time.

targets? you mean the cops went in a predominantly non white neighborhood frisked 10 people. 9 were black and the cops are racist? Way to screw up the stats. This story doesnt deserve coverage.

If it looks like a duck (criminal), quacks like a duck and acts like a duck, there's an excellent chance it IS a duck.  So, blacks, if you choose to look like, sound like and act like a criminal, you are going to be treated like a criminal.  Dress respectfully, speak like a human, and act with good character and you won't be "targeted" for stop and frisk.so what....Obama can target you with drones...you don't seem to care

Even though the stats say blacks commit alot of crimes, not all blacks do, so the policy is blatantly unconstitutional.  Being black is not probable cause.

I don't mind being stopped. I've got nothing to hide.  Every time I go to the airport the TSA pats me down.

Thugs have rights too, how pathetic.

You would think that the community would be grateful for good police work, I don't hear about little children or infants being killed in the big apple by gang gun fire like in Chicago,  but then again Chicago is stuck with Emanual and McCarthy,the blind leading the blind.

Bill Clinton frisked women all the time and even today nobody raises a fuss about it.

"About half the people who are stopped are subject only to questioning. Others have their bag or backpack searched. And sometimes police conduct a full pat-down. Only about 10 percent of all stops result in arrest, and a weapon is recovered a small fraction of the time."Sounds good to me. It brought crime to historic lows. Old men and women can now go out in the daytime, if not the night.

It is very odd how these punks act so tough on the street, whether by themselves or with a gang. But one cop stops them for questioning, they suddenly experience a "frightening and degrading experience" that makes them start crying and blubbering. Pitiful babies.

SO..Cops have a war on their hands in the streets.You want safe streets or not ? I would love to get frisked by a cop.YOU KNOW WHY ? Because I'm not carrying.Ain't nobody got time for this. Cops are doing their job.They need to KNOW you don't have anything. Period.The just wouldn't mind letting the cops feel safer. They put their life on the line.How bout you ?

I don't care what color they are, the cops of the NYPD are all #$%$ and should be put on a short leash.Waaaaaah

Still think you did not vote in a totalitarian dictator and complete police state to go with him? Keep dreaming. This is only going to get far worse before the well informed people rise up and say ENOUGH!

I would say with the S~H~I~T eating grins on there faces it has to do with-when does eyes gets ma monies!

1st: Beat &amp; Handcuff.  2nd: Investigate to Prosecute. 3rd: Convict   4th: Get Award &amp; Fame

Gee! I did not think according to the Northern people they were racist I thought racist was only in the South.His Dad was a former Police Officer,but did not say why his was no longer on the force,interesting.I suppose he stood on the streets for the past decade and counted these 5 million stops that these Policeman picked out only the blacks and Hispanic,then yell my civil rights has been violated,Do they honestly think they are the only ones with civil rights? Maybe the officers need to just  sit by and watch and when they yell wolf  they are not around.

Injustice will never end in America.  It's forever plagued by the ghost of its misdeeds!!!

I see a trend here, the ones who support the stop and frisk policy are the one who are never subjected to it, the people who oppose it are those that are unjustly targeted.

Dear whiney a.s.s. blacks and latino's and the dopey idiot white liberals who support your violence: Get your act together and be better neighbors and citizens and this will stop of it's own accord. Too many of you are horrible to live around!

I hope NYPD has to pay through the nose for this. It such a blatent abuse of power. NYPD are a bunch of jack-booted-thugs.

Bloomberg City doing what he knows best in the City. Another form of rights violations. When are you guys going to get rid of this Dictator. How about Impeachment??It's true, most crime happens in minority neighborhoods. Bernie Madoff lived in a minority neighborhood too. Go there, search now. Thanks.  Oh wait, White people live there, never mind.

Look at the demographics of those who commit crimes.  The data doesn't lie.

I am as conservative as you can be, but I believe in the constitution, also. This is wrong, plain and simple, the ends do not justify the means. It may very well reduce crime, but at what cost? We do not live in the police state that the Democrats want America to be, we are still a nation of free people.No one who supports this can call themselves a conservative, this is straight out of the Democrats nanny state playbook.

Here in Boston, the neighborhood groups in black areas complained about the same thing. So the police stopped doing it. Now the residents of those neighborhoods are crying about how the gangs and drug dealers are running the neighborhoods and no one is safe. They have no one to blame but themselves.

The black community demands safety in the black communities (well except in south Chicago) but don't do anything that actually makes those communities safe. So some cop talked to you and your answers made him suspicious of what you were doing so be patted you down for weapons. OMG I hoped you bathed. That isn't fair to the bad guys with weapons. The TSA frisks tons of people very day why for the safety of everyone. We don't like it but guess what if the cops go back to what they did before... drive by and not make the black community safer then does anyone have a right to complain? The race card is always played for money.

It was reported that many of the gays enjoy the law.

bloomberg wants to ban items of personal pleasure, because they are harmful to your health, but overlooks the actions of the police that are harmful to society as a whole, and I only capitalize peoples names when they deserve my respect.  I wonder how many of those that were frisked unjustly, voted a straight democratic ticket.  If you vote for garbage, you can only expect to get garbage from your vote.  Be careful of what you wish for, or in this case what you vote for, becuase ever politician, regardless of race or party, has a hidden agenda that is not obvious until it is too late.

Why does their color matter? Police shouldn't be searching anyone without atriculatable reasonable suspicion. Checking a card with pre-selected justifications is not articulating anything, it's sanctioned, planned abuse of the 4th ammendment. Don't make any "furtive movements"; even if you're not up to anything, you'll get shaken down and arrested for "disorderly conduct".

It only takes a few crummy cops to make the hundreds of other good officers job a nightmare.

Sorry for the profiling but around here in detroit 95 percent of problems are caused by the black communityEveryone's tough and in the right until a police officer is disarmed and arrested for being mentally unstable.. One key thing has been forgotten here,ladies and gentlemen...,the vast majority of these men and women are scared.  Scared people with guns shouldn't go out of their way to make people nervous..,especially when it's totally unnecessary. I'm just sayin' is all...

Why wouldn't you frisk the ones causing the most problems. Quit commiting crimes.

Even if they have done nothing at the moment they were frisked, you have to know the've done something in the past that they got away with. So in the end it all evens out. The woman in the fake leopard skin hat looks a little suspicious to me too.

Why so many racist comments? We are all Americans and the people in North Korea, Afghanistan, etc. don't give a damn what color we are. They would love to see us all dead, but we fight each other and talk bad to each other for WHAT? Because of the color of our skin? Why are we so stuck on race? Everyone knows that blacks are being racially profiled. I was stopped once in Michigan on the interstate. It DOES happen. It was the interstate that travels from Chicago to Detroit, MI. Don't remember the number. A white highway patrolman followed me for at least two miles and then decided to pull me over. He said I had a cracked windshield and I was in the left lane for too long. Really man? He took my driver's license and went to the car and called it in. After over 5 minutes of waiting, he came to the car and said its taking longer than he expected and asked if I mine if he searched my car. I wasn't speeding, I wasn't driving wreckless, I had my seatbelt on, and my tag and inspection sticker was up to date, so he found another reason to pull me over. That's why he rode behind me for so long .I did not mind him searching my car. After coming up empty handed, he decided to let me go with NO ticket. I was so upset because I had been traveling for at least 12 hours and this cop has no legit reason to pull me over and then a light bulb went off in my head. I'm young and black, riding alone on a major interstate known for trafficking drugs in a 2006 toyota camry with Mississippi license plates. I must be moving weight from the south where drugs are cheap and making a drop off. I'm a teacher and a successful football coach, but we as a society judge each other on color. Its sad really. I was on my way to Flint to pick up my son for the summer.

Hey partner..there's a guy trying to break into that home.Sorry, we can't do anything because he's black.Let's go look for a white guy.

he'll be fine when he get's his settlement check.  i hope they lose the case but with todays jurys you never know...............

POLICE OFFICERS CHILDREN ARE JUST LIKE PREACHERS KIDS "" WE are BAD TO THE BONE "" now this BOUSHIE DACTOR would not be in the news if it was a plain working stiffs kid now would it AL or JESSIE ? this has been in happening to us since KANSAS MISSOURI compermise of 184? and WE BLACK MEN know this as a fact of AMERICAN LIFE nation wide . so why the hype folks go BACK TO WORK and let AL and JESSIE do their SO CALL THING only .

Another example of pigs abusing power.

Most of the crime is caused by certain types so what's wrong with profiling to prevent crimes including murder.

I suppose the police are targeting gays, lesbians, transgenders and any other vocal minority that the liberal media can trumpet........give me a break!f the police!!

Tell your "brothers" to quit robbin', rapin', shootin', and stealin'. Hard to believe that this going on with "Blooboig" as Mayor. I guess it's true; Jews are really afraid of n----rs.

Wow is this article linked from Drudge?  I can't believe all the racist comments.  Stop-and-frisk is as successful as randomly pulling citizens off the street, making it a classic case of dragnetting (and supposedly unConstitutional).  Yet, for some reason people here don't have a problem with that.Now, if you try to get them to register their AR-15...

Here we go..........race card again.  I smell yet another lawsuit.

Always the race card. If this act were to happen to anyone else, it would be justified. Are we not all sick and tired of hearing the same old same old?? Anything for money these days, anything. Such a shame that some call this "racism". I think that if the accusing people crying racist were in law enforcement, this also would not be an issue. I have been pulled over and questioned, and I am white, the officer black. Should I cry racist cop? Come on...find something to be constructive about, not destructive.

race has nothing to do with im white and i was arrested for not having a collar on my dog and when he threaten to put my dog down i argued with him he pulled out his gun and said "end of conversation taking you to jail and the next time i see you im turning you into swiss cheese and call it self defense" cops do and say what ever they want

Blacks are 12% of the population, yet are responsible for 56% of committed crimes. Why shouldn't they be targeted? In other words 1 in 8 people are black, but commit more then half the crimes. The odds are good that if you are black and look a little shifty, you are probably up to no good.

This police action is the result of race that has a large anti social, criminal and violent element. The innocents are more victims of their own race rather than the police.

stop and frisk is unconstitutional and damages all people everywhere. Police are not KGB. Stop using police as inquisitors...they are to protect and serve the people, no terrorize them...

Minority????  Whites r the minority now!  Blks breed like cockroaches and kept on welfare!! n obama is bringing in everything else.!! Muslims, brown, to make his home country"Hello, 911, what's the emergency?"(Caller) "There are two men trying to break into a home."(911 operator)"Can you describe them?"(caller) "Yes they are two black men"(911 operator) "I'm sorry, there is nothing I can do for you because of this new law" Have a good day"

Truly a shame that civil liberties as we know them for all Americans have ceased to exist in New York City

WHAT THE HELL is he doing in CUBA

Blacks need to realize that even though a lot of them don't commit crimes, the fact that they are black means they are part of a criminal culture that is responsible for 80% of the crime committed. Look it up if you don't believe me. Stats don't lie. If they want to be treated better then they have to clean up their own communities.

This is a tactic used in war zones- where folks have no constitutional protections. Unless New York wants to declare itself a war zone (which it might very well be) there is no place in our legal system that allows this trype of, unwarranted, behavior.

Yes we want protection from ciminals both civilian and law enforcement

I'll bet there was something ELSE going on here!!

If "looking like a #$%$" would be all you needed we could all just start pointing fingers everywhere.....ooo wait, I forgot they are trained to look for #$%$s, well then there must be some instructive way to explain how to spot a #$%$, Right? Maybe there is a book so we all could read it for ourselves and decide if the cops are right or wrong? ought to be intresting how the court handles illegal searches without a warrant or probable cause and inline with the Constitution of the USand NY state. wait the Govr may have throw the state version away to help BLOOMBERG raids.AND at the same time the court should cover the TSA workers who cop extra feels  in all the private areas on men and women and children.

if obama had a son........

Doesn't sound like it is constitutional to me.  4th ammendment to the U.S. Constitution:"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable search and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon PROBABLE CAUSE, SUPPORTED BY OATH OR AFFIRMATION, AND PARTICULARLY DESCRIBING THE PLACE TO BE SEARCHED, AND THE PERSONS OR THINGS TO BE SEIZED.There is no mention of a less riggorous "reasonable cause", there is no legitimate allowance for police to perform random searches, or to search without disclosing exactly what is suspected, and why.  New York may have a law that permits it, but that would be a law that is not consistant with the U.S Constitution and is therefore VOID.Its not about race its about reputation.

be search by the new york police department or get shot at by obama's drone?think i'll have big gulp of soda and take my chances with dying from obesity; lol!

I AM GLAD I'M A WHITE RABBITT.

nypd #$%$

He cried like a little girl. You black Sis eeeee!

"Only about 10% of all stops result in arrest." Looks like 10% less crime.

In general, if you have nothing to hide, why would you care if they #$%$. They are doing something to protect innocent people like you. However, the story about the 13 year old crying in the back of the police car, makes me think maybe they need to tone it down a bit. They could have told the young man why they were checking him out- and why did they need to put him in the car at all?  I know my son would have been terrified and would have cried.  Maybe the police need to be trained in how to be more tactful?  I mean, if hte kid is crying, do you really need to belittle him by asking why he is crying like a little girl?  ALl in all though, I still standy by that if you have nothing to hide, then don't worry if they stop and #$%$.

And the beat goes on..and the beat goes on..

Medical student in Cuba? Guantanamo awaits.

people one can see u are what u aresorry Stan have u ever been stopped and asked why are u with those black kids u are white thats what happen to my son comming from drama class not doing anything

Medical school in Cuba..............really!

Nothing wrong with stop &amp; frisk....nothing in that law says they can throw people agsainst things or any kind of brutality.  Police should stop (checking into people "helping someone" trying to get into locked cars)...frisk is for officer's saftey...(stoped-suspected of something ilegal / frisk because IF the police are catching someone comitting a crime the cop is in danger.

Look bottom is this They were black this officer was white and just because he is white you know the rest. I am sorry but I can't help blacks were mistreated Forty years ago. We white folks now have allowed you to throw the race card out at everything. Change our way of life not to discriminate. I am sorry this race #$%$ of throwing the card out all the time has to stop. Those police officers were doing there job. Next time you have someone killed in your family don't call them cause they wont be there. This is stupid and the judge should have this thrown out. Im sorry the blacks and hispanic communtuty do more crimes. So if I was a black male I would be aware that I probably would get searched. Stop doing the crimes. Im tried of people not standing up for the police they risk their live for peoples protection and all they get is police brutally or racial profiling. Yes there are some bad officers but don't punish all of them casue not all are bad. All this is blacks throwing the race card. I tired of this race card when black folks cant get there way.

he believes they were stopped because of their race, he said. Innocent until proven guilty goes both ways. funny how people are always ready to throw the race card at officers doing their job, ASSUMING they are racists, SOLELY on their doing their job.to ALL you racists out there.......GET A LIFE.

As a white person I believe their stories! My friend who is black told me that he and other members of his family and friends have been stopped many times by the police in Louisville, Ky. for no apparent reason other than their skin color. my friend held a good job with fifteen years senority and had a wife and two children and a home in a good neighborhood in the suburbs. I respected this friend and knew him to be a honest and forthright person. As for police misbehavior I was driving home from work at night when a vehicle rushed up behind me three times with their lights on bright very close to the rear of my car. After the third time that vehicle passed me at a fast rate of speed and I saw that it was a Jefferson County, Kentucky police car. How would you like to experience that on the way home at 3 am. after working ten hours driving 30 mph in a 35 mph speed zone on a street 2 miles from home just off Dixie Highway.

Look like a duck, swim like a duck, fly like a duck, quack like a duck. Damn must be a f-king duck.  95% of the time.. your in NYC who doing most of the crime ---black ---cops just doing.they job before they have to do paperwork for a real murder or smaller crime ... why NYC. Sucks the sack

You've got to be nuts to live in New Yuck in the first place.  With 27 million people living in such a small area, things get out of control on a hurry

institutionalized racism. everybody is subjected to behave in a manner that has been constructed in this society. It doesn't matter if the cops were white or black. we all live in this post-colonial society in which we act in ways that has been racially constructed. what level of education are most of these people who post? a survey should be given before most of you are able to post. The President knows of the ills of this society but has the courage to step in those bloody shoes he's wearing. God Bless America.

Poor little criminals.  Does the city want Crime to win?  How stupid!I just wish for a month some of you white haters who try and excuse racial profiling walked in our shoes just a month and see who will be whining then, we have rights too and you Obama haters would blame him  if an American terrorist blew an innocent American up so please spare me the whining yall lost get ovet it!  ANY so called American that joins other terrorist and kills Americans isnt deserving of rights but justice instead and that goes for thugs on the streets as well rather black white or hispanic if you want to murder innocent people then a drone sounds good to me

Im so sick of hearing that blacks and hispanics Comite more crime when any lawyer or law enforcement official on the ground will tell you whites get away with more crimes and aren't equally given time for the same crime, gram of crack 30yrs to life white caught with a gram of cocaine probation and record expunged I've seen it several times so please stop the racist profiling and the Obama haters wouldn't have no problem if Bush was using the drones he did start it

Wow. These comments are so ignorant!  it's difficult to believe people are so uninformed.  racism is still prevelant in american society and we must all stay vigilant in opposition to it.  we are all compromised by racism and discrimination.  today it's me, tomorrow it may be you experiencing the effects of denigration and discrimination.  we've go a lot of work to do if we are to live up to the true meaning of our "creed".

I don't see where they are asking for money.  I though they were seeking broad reform to practices and someone in charge of making those changes happen.  The question that need to be ask is when the police officers monitors no black/hispanic neighborhoods are they following the same procedures if they see something or somebody suspicious.  If not then they are being treated differently because of their race.

And stop making excuses for racist ad a trained officer you should know how to spot a criminal no matter what the color and be in control of your emotions in the situstions cause white people your focused on the black man another race maybe robbing someone else but of course only blacks commit crime right please

No one should be subject to unreasonable search and seizure ,this is written in the constitution. Plain and simple only ten percent end in an arrest ,that strongly indicates excessive frisks. You need to be damn sure a person deserves to be searched before you invade their privacy.

boohoo. Big baby.

Ofcourse people who've never experienced anything like this would have something to say. Just because they have a badge that says police doesn't make them right. There is a such thing as bad and good people. But ofcourse you guys wouldn't know anything about that...smh

Ofcourse people who've never experienced anything like this would have something to say. Just because they have a badge that says police doesn't make them right. There is a such thing as bad and good people. But ofcourse you guys wouldn't know anything about that...smh

Wow!!! Racism exist no matter what race there is its the more post I read the more I ask Jesus christ forgiveness for some of you for being so ignorant to the fact of ppl r given a certain type of power and just cause you have a power doesn't mean you abuse your power and unjustly Martin stated don't judge my color of skin  or my clothes or my walk even my hip look but my character not all black men are your thug or common criminal .. now whites you can say a lot about us as we can say the same for you so what we have a black president he half white too .. this world has to change how we view one another.. I know the feeling of be demoralized and I was a  correction officer for yrs..big deal just N(I)g6ers