The mother is the real monster. Couldn't control the little punk and hands him to her 75 year old mother.

I guess the daughter should have been a mother, instead of putting her problem son on her parents. Then maybe he would still be alive. The daughter has no right to call the grandmother a monster, she put her in this position.

"vindicated"  "amazing courage" ????? That certainly isn't the impression I  came away with. The kid was a cronic doper that was on parole and had just flunked a dope test and still continued to use.  Why wasn't the kid in AZ helping with his sister?  Oh, that's right, he didn't want to leave his buddies (and his connections).

I'm heading back home to granny's big house for Thanksgiving.

If the true parents were worth a #$%$.....they would have stood up,and thaken care of their problem child instead of leaving an edlerlly women to take care of your responsabilitys,pleaseexcuse misspellings....feature not working.......much like the,parents,grandparents and other families members...,.

Parents not being parents, and then putting blame on everyone else when their "angel" ends up in trouble or dead. Who's the real monster? The mom and dad who pawned him off and abandoned their druggie punk son. Poor grandma got caught up trying to raise him unlike his mom and dad and now her life is gone too.

I think someone is lost...huh Joanna? Earth to ozone...

Sad for Mrs. Layne. Can't believe her daughter thinks she's a monster. Ms. Hoffman couldn't take care of both her children so pawned her son, who she knew used drugs,  off on a 75 and 87 year old couple...her parents. And she thought that was OK because their were no "deeper conflicts" than that between her son and Mom. Didn't they know anyone else he could have stayed with? Some of his friends family or church friends...someone younger and better able to handle a teenage using drugs? Seems like taking their son with them would be a smart thing. Get him away from the drugs. Make or let him be part of the family...where you go he should have too. You denied him time with his I'll sister, cost him his life, then put your Mom in jail...so who's the real monster? And  someone needs to tell Ms. Hoffman she doesn't decide who goes to Heaven...God does.

How dare her call her mother a "monster".  He was living with grandma for a reason, His selfish parents were too immersed in their own dysfunction... which translated to massive amounts of baggage arriving at grandma's house in the form of a grandson. He picked on the wrong grandma to bully. Too bad she didn't have a 30 round clip!

Murder trials have become our national pastime, thanks to 24/7 media and sites like this one. I liked baseball  a lot more. hell, even NFL football is better than this #$%$.You people who are saying the mother is monster are the real monster yesterday you were saying free granny this women suffered eneough do we even know why the child lived with her

Oh because his sister had a brain tummor and they moved to Arizona from Michigan he only stayed because it was his last year of high school this grandmother was the monster