How about turning up the heat on Obama and Holder.

A little comic relief ....stolen in 1990 and they're " turning up the heat " ? Nice work guys ...but we've got three of our finest to put on this one ...Moe ,Larry and Curley .

"Ang,I did my darndest to stop them, but I couldnt get my bullet out of my pocket"

Pretty dumb to rob an art museum, who are you going to sell the stolen art to with out being caught.

Do tell.

Odds are they were hired by someone who wanted to possess all or a few and knew people he could sell the others to.

5 million dollar reward. I sure could use that. I am baroque. I have no Monet.

I think museum visitors saw them at one time.

What do you expect from a federal agency?

so they do not have anyone is custody and felt they had to lean on whitey to pull the story out of oblivionGardner bought the Vermeer for $5000. Man, if I could get a Vermeer for that kind of money, I'd find a way to scrape together the cash. Not my favorite Manet, but maybe I could trade it for one I like better. There's one at the Met in NY that I like.

Wow. There are monomaniacal freaks on here that are able to make this story about their hatred of Obama. Give it a rest and get treatment for your condition. You will live a happier life without this obsession.

it would be immensly helpful if photos of the missing art work were published on web site(s) and referred to in articles like this one - otherwise, how is any "friend, neighbor or relative" to know what they look like

Something like this just smells of an inside job!

I have a picture I've always wondered about that I thought was sold to me to cheaply.Does anyone know if the stole art included one painted on black velvet of dogs playing poker?

ie: They THINK they know who did this, just like they THOUGHT knew who "blew up" the Iowa gun mount no doubt. They obviously THINK they know but they DON'T have a case.That and a few dollars will get them a cup of coffee at the local Dunk'in Donuts. Just more "SEE HOW SMART WE ARE!" nonsense that makes them the pretenders they really are as far as this matter goes. Hell they probably oversaw the Winter Hill gang on this one. Lord only knows they played overseer to things much worse with that crew.

My wife and I were in that museum the Sept. before the heist and both of us were struck with the same thought, "where was the security?" Neither of us were surprised when we heard about the theft. I watched a two hour documentary on it a couple of years ago focusing on a private investigator who, along with the FBI, has been on this case for years.

23 years!  Who has been running this investigation Inspector Jacques Clouseau?

Only took them 23 years. Since there were cameras at the consulate in Benghazi, does that mean we can expect some arrests in about ten years?

And meanwhile Dangerous Fugitives and Terrorist are running around america!This was the 9/11 attack on culture. Those paintings are not just wall decorations, but some of the greatest achievements of mankind. Whoever has them, please, please return them.

What did I miss?  Why so long to solve this?

Isn't there a statute of limitations on this crime? No mention of it.

1990? Glad they solved this so quick, before he government cuts delay them....

Well, why bother to announce it if they're not going to share?

"DesLauriers said the FBI did not want to release the identities of the suspects because that could compromise its investigation."Just how would that happen?    The FBI knows their names, so if the the perpetrators know they are known.... so what is compromised?

Who has the painting? Any recovered? You realy did not ttold us much.

Doesn't sound to me like the FBI solved this crime. Where are the art works? Who took them? I hope you don't think the reading public is just going to take your word or surely not that of the FBI for it.

Biggest non-news scoop I've ever seen!

I find it fascinating. The museum has kept the empty frames on display all these years. The most likely suspects at the time were in jail, and the paintings apparently didn't surface on the black market.23 year after the fact?  The FBI would have made a great US Post Office.....

Maybe they should "Turn up the Heat" on Benghazi.4 people died, yet NOTHING.Can certainly tell the priorities.

It's a slow news day.

Only a few people could buy them.....small circle.....they should be easy to find.

what can you do with these paintings anyway? If you display them in your collection, you will be caught. Stash them away for decades and only you see them? It was a pretty clean heist though. I'll give them that.

It's a trick to get the thieves to show their hands!  That FBI is a shrewed bunch!  Who gets the reward money?

it took them 20+ years to identify who they "think" did it?   now do you understand why we can't find terrorists or find illegals??????

If I stole these I would just hang them in my house and enjoy them with a nice cup of coffee.  Beautiful stuff. Except the Vermeer.  I'd put that one in the bathroom.

Romeny has one and Bush Dynasty two, the west in West Palm Beach

"paintings by Rembrandt &amp; Manet" I am not an art critic but I believe the dude was MONET!23 years later and they are turning up the heat?? What have been doing sitting on their butts?

Maybe "Whitey" Bulger turned into "Snitchey" Bulger !

Wow!!!!!! This some ocean 11, 12, and 13 shiii

Wow. What great coverage.......

no names?

They id suspects but dont' name them, hard to believe.

Lousy cops. You cant get away with anything anymore.

So, Supossedly the FBI knows who stole the paintings but prefer to wait for the offending party to realize the error of thier ways and return the paintings !?

Wish i knew where the heck the paintings are cause if 5 mil isnt an incentive to find em, nothing is!!!  Just a hunch but has anyone checked the local goodwill and thrift shops. A bargain hunter.s dream come true!

Everybody knows it was Joey "bag of doughnuts" from 79th street.  Why don't they bust the guy??As they say in the commercial, "So, you don't know..." Big news equals no news.

pretty sure it was ovomit and biden

Have Boston ever catch the people broke into Liberty Bank, next to  now-close Boston Globe book store in downtown crossing? This happned in the late 80's. They drilled trhough 3ft concrete ceiling of safety deposit vault, and emptied out all the deposit boxes during the weekend.

How about turning up the heat on Bengazi?

Tax dollars at work!It only took 23 years to do it?

Our tax dollars at or not working.........

Hmmmm......."The museum reiterated its offer of a $5 million reward for information that leads directly to the return of all the art."...............Does that mean that if I return ONE PAINTING that I do not get a reward???????????????

I confess, the artwork is hanging in my bungalow. Can I please keep the stuff?

#$%$,I better get my paint by numbers Sad Clown and Dogs Playing Poker insured.

I have toured this museum. It is beyond breathtaking! I believe the thieves knew exactly what they wanted, stealing it for themselves or for someone who had been in the museum and handpicked the items he/she wanted for their own private collection. I don't think the pieces will ever be recovered. And the artwork that was stolen is just a very small part of what this museum has to offer. It is a mecca for any art lover.You got to be kidding..Over 20 years..Your tax dollar at work...

Considering the statute of limitations on major art theft is 20 years, I don't think there is anything they can do except recover the paintings OR if they try to sell them they can get them on dealing in stolen goods. I don't believe the actual theft prosecutable now. Reporter should have called them out on this.

We have paid thier wages for 30 years to chase thieves that they can not even take to court for theft if they find them...OH that was only the taxpayers money. Wonder how many millions that has cost us????

Other than finding "WHO DONE IT" I believe the statues of limitations for theft is about seven (7) years. Some states may be eleven (11), but Murder is the only one that has NO limitation.As to sell that would be easy as many wealthy buyers would have "Private collections"

who ran boston at that time ?  the hills have eyes , plenty of them ........

Criminal Organization, wow   it was the Government.

No doubt waiting for the statute of limitations to kick in!! Not...

It was Neal Caffrey!  :-)

Scott Malone if this is the best you can do for Reuters you need to go back to flipping burgers at happy meals are us.

it was Obama, Biden, Holder and the rest of the thieves.5 Million! What about cost of living? Make it 25 Million &amp; we have a deal..

Hey look ma, it's the Federal Bureau of Incompetence! Idiots should stop sexting each other and do some f'ing work.

Hmmm......illegals are taking over the country, yet they are worried about a heist that happened 23 years ago? Gee, that makes sense.....