...NOOO...not another DAMN poll...!!!...

The trip is a total waste of time and isn't going to appease the Obama haters on either side of the Atlantic.  He might as well just stay home and golf.

It is nice to be loved by psychopaths.

wow,  poll earlier today was the opposite.   all real negative.   just shows polls are useless.

August 1985 Israeli American scientist arrested for stealing 800 nuclear weapons triggers from America and sending them to Israel.If Israel was a ally it would have gave the STOLEN triggers back to America!

President Obama:IT'S PAST TIME TO CUT ALL FOREIGN AID OFF. EVERY PENNYIsrael only country in West to reduce debtGovernment's debt-to-GDP ratio expected to total 73.5% in 2012 compared to 74.1% in 2011. Israel also only country in West whose credit rating has increased since 2008

Obama would you ask Israel on how they got their illegal WMD's, WHY not ask about Zalman Shapiro and the 600 pounds of highly enriched uranium he stole from Numec in Apollo,Penns. WHY not ask about Richard Kelly Smyth who stole 800 nuclear triggers from the USA. WHY not ask why both were caught but the stolen items remained in Israel and they only paid fines and never served any prison time. WHY not ask WHY there are so many Congressmen who are dual citizens of Israel.

Obama, put Israel in their place. YOU have the power.Freeze their BankingCut all aidCut all US contractsFreeze all imports and exportsStop all air travel in or out

they will learn that BO's words means nothing. he has no problem selling out the Americans worker or killing an innocent American kid.

Wow they have almost as many fool as we do. We have about 45% who think he is doing a good job. Despite all the evidence to to the  contraryIsrael will do whatever it takes to keep the 'cash' flowing, their way.

Israel knows all to well: "Keep your friends Close, and your Enemies Closer".Obama is not a man to be trusted.  He's a proven Liar.

Their fist thing help us whip Iran.

He will inform them that it is better to live off from someone elses paycheck than to earn one.

BS  .  reuters just wants you to think obama is loved everywhere.

Wow, Obama's likeability is so high here, what's wrong?

the only thing some people like obama is because of thewell fare ,food stamp,s  and extendid unemployment check,s.

BEHOLD THE ANTI-CHRIST ,men with tiny woodin hats on that talk to a big wall ..

Don't kid yourselves.........they need America, the anti-Semite Obama currently lives in America's house.......rent free..........I hear it's got something to do with  'section 8' housing

better be friends with Israel go agsinst the other countries who are against Isreal