The Fed is printing $45 Billion a month to float to these banks for their garbage Mortgage Backed Securities...how long can they stay solvent?

why there are no one asking Freddie and Fannie ex-executives to pay back their bonuses? when their stock were flying high because they were incahoots with mortgage bankers to cheat on the poor cheaters on their loans. How can those bankers get away with it?Guess what - our congress and theri staff probably got so many ebenfits out of those guys so let them get away with it? what is this called? bribery? or no they claimed they di dnot know it.lol. where is justice in the US? justice for the riches and the elites to get away with anything include murders.lol.

Continue cheating america&lt;goldman white house giving them heads up to legal robbery

How can they loose&lt;paying less than one percent for savings&lt;charging 28% for creit cards,thank bush and obama for continueing to let the banks steal more money from you

The new atm's have a feature which allows you to deposit cash. Those systems have a glitch in them and caused PNC to "search" for my deposit for 10 days. No apology or credit to my account even with an ATM reciept. People keep your reciepts!!! Without my reciept I wouldn't have gotten my money back even after the 10 days.

When life gives you lemons--make lemonade, right?Last January, when everyone from our Dear Leader, down hated banks....I bought as much Bank of America stock as I could.  No other stock sector performed better in 2012...

Many stock holders would not have bought Bank of America if they knew how often they cheated the public using fraud.

LARGEST LEGAL BANK ROBBERS

Why worry about the worlds financial crisis ours is super easy to fix.Remove the banks friends and family from office in D.C. Quit buying chinese #$%$ these are the very folks that have sold all our jobs down the river.Be a real AMERICAN for a change instead of sheeple.

I got and idear quit doing business with them they dont need customers anywho.The gubbament is all they need.Lets start hanging politicians and bankers .

Lemmings following lemmings - did the bank make you take out a loan on a half million dollar over-priced house that you knew you could never afford. Did they convince you that the house would grow from half a million to 5 million and satisfy your greed for free money on the investment. Did they tell you to lie on the mortgage papers and convince you it was legal. Did they invent the alt-A loans that were invented by Asian insurers? Of course not, and who is refinancing all those millions of homeowners today? Yes it is the banks. They are cleaning up the mess left by governments "everybody-needs-to-own-a-home" propaganda and rules.You lemmings

Why aren't all of you geniuses with opinions on some kind of Think Tank board fixing the worlds financial crisis. I sure hope anyone to gets this far and reads these blogs at least has half a brain and gets his or her daily dose of chuckles. I do. lolololol

Feria, ignorance must be bliss to you.  How dare you say that bank employees are robbers!  We just try to hang on to our jobs like anyone else.  Not everybody has sold out.

If you want to be a bank robber - work for a bank.Jaime Dimon is the biggest bank robber in the world, followed by Sandy Weill.

stock market is a scam. these banks worth more than thry are tarded for manupulation and profit of hedgies and other aholes on WS

banks are back bones of economy, stronger they are better the economy

You cannot harness banks as they play key role in economy

Take a look at ING, PE = 6, earnings $1.60.