Finally a nut job that did things in the right older:1) Shoot self in head,2) Kill everyone for no reason.

All psychos should follow this lesson. Just put the gun to your head when you feel the urge to kill innocent people.

At least THIS sicko only took himself out and wasnt able to vent his frustrations on innocent people. Feel bad for his family but I'm REALLY glad we arent looking at a dozen or more people dead for no reason other than they were in his line of fire.

Wait a minute. Guns are illegal on campus and it is a gun free zone. How could this have happened? Oh Yea, Criminals don't obey laws and never will.

Good riddance.

'HUNDREDS OF ROUNDS' = 1 pack of .22s for $17.99 at walmart.

If this dude lived in a dorm with at least one other room mate then how come he was able to have guns and explosives? The room mate did not care until the gun got pointed at him?

22 caliber rifle an assualt rifle? The media knows NOTHING about guns.

Who ever heard of a 22 caliber tactical weapon?  The news media and the knee jerk politicians look like fools.

A 22 caliber tactical rifle is hardly an assault weapon.a .22-caliber tactical rifle??????? What the hell is that? I own a GSG-5 .22 semiauto (Looks so much like a HK MP-5 submachinegun, that HK sued GSG to change the design). It is in NO WAY a Tactical anything. Unless my goal was to declare war on squirrels and rabbits. Yes a .22 will kill, but anyone who knows ANYTHING about guns wouldn't consider a .22 rimfire as their 1st, 2nd, 18th, or 96th choice for a gun to go on a rampage with.

"His timeline got off?"...Ya think?, Kinda got that whole Murder-Suicide thing somewhat  bassackwards if you ask me but then again judging by his picture and the fact that he was still in college at age 30 he did his best!

What is a 30 year old doing living in a dorm? A student at that age should either have an apartment or still be living in his parents basement.

What country was he from?  Interestingly the story does not say.  Was he an American citizen?  Gotta love these reporters NOT telling the entire story and hiding facts.  They must have missed this in class when they were in college.  Of course, the media is controlled by the liberals and they either lie or do not tell the entire truth.

These crazies are not looking to get into a firefight. They want easy targets. For the life of me, I can't understand why people think "gun free zones" are worth a darn.

I noticed a number of companies are selling 22 LR tactical rifles.  They fire a 22 LR and are modeled after AR15s, AK47, and other assault rifles.  Priced at $300 and up and obviously not a serious tactical weapon.No knockdown power but with potential to be lethal given a well placed shot at under 100 yards or so.  Would not be a good weapon for home defense but instead for low cost target shooting as 22 LR ammo is cheap.

I have a Tactical Super Soaker and some Water Balloons. Are they on the "Soon to be Banned" list?

Most gun owners have "hundreds" of rounds of ammo. When you practice, you burn through ammo. When it's on sale, you buy it. This guys is a nutcase, no doubt, but the media's fear mongering knows no limits.

Do we have a maker or model number for this "22 cal. assault rifle"?  This sounds like #$%$ to me.

Hundreds of rounds of 22's? I could put 300 rnds of .22 in my front left pants pocket they are so small.2 2 tactical assualt weapon?  Good God the media has officially went insane.  Somebody answer a question for me?  Was he a foreign student?  Muslim maybe?  I just htought it may be "something they forgot" since there was no mention of his history.  22 tactical weapon made it though. lol

I'm crazy and want to kill people so I'll start with myself.  That's how all of these stories should end.  This guy got it right.

Great now I guess my squirrel gun (Ruger 10/22) is now a tactical, assault military baby killing machine gun.  Add it to the ban list.  Probably there already I don't have time to read Feinstein's garbage especially with all of the errors I saw when I just peeked at it for a few seconds.  Also something tells me the explosives, while most likely more deadly than a .22, will take a backseat to the firearms thanks to the gun grabber media bias.

We don't have a gun problem, we have a nut problem.

A non-student still living in a dorm room? What kind of stupid university is this?Another mental case almost having a go at it. The mentality ill are the main cause for most of the mass shooting that goes on in this nation. But yet, the Congress does nothing but think about the metal equipments that shoot bullets instead of the nutcase who is pulling the trigger.  Congress and the American people are really afraid to tackle the mental health issues.

Thought the college campus is a gun free zone, against the rules to have a gun.. Guess that didn't stop him

30 year old getting kicked out of his dorm room?Sounds like another liberal leeching sponge.

I have a BB gun that holds over 50 rounds. I guess its now an assault rifle.

I'm glad they got him before anybody got hurt. Too bad they couldn't question him and find out what his agenda was. Good riddance to bad rubbish.

Tougher  gun control may have prevented some nuts from  obtaining weapons, but why is it that we have been the right to bear arms for over two hundreds years, but only recently that we have so many nuts killing so many inocent people.The root cause seems to have something to do with the ever-increasing stressful  way of life that modern living brings. Twenty years ago, the average family shares one land line phone number. The second line may be considered a luxury. Now, even elementary student carries cell phone. These phones don't come in free while parents salaries are unable to catch up with the ever increasing costs.We need to teach our kids how to live within our means and not trying to give them whatever their friends have. We all need to learn how tomanage stress.When are they going to call him a white hispanic?

The eyes tell a story.

So, they exploited the fact that he had guns and glossed over the fact that he had a backpack full of illegal explosives?

Wow, a 30-year old living in a college dorm?

A .22 tactical rifle. Excuse me while I went outside laughing out loud. What is next? A sniper slingshot?

"A college student with two guns, hundreds of rounds of ammunition and a backpack filled with explosives pulled a dorm fire alarm Monday in an apparent ...."Ban all explosives and dorm fire alarms.....NOW!!!

Initially, the media reported that .22 as an 'assault' rifle.

How these people are not spotted before they attempt to kill is beyond me. I've never seen a picture of one of these mass shooters that I couldn't immediately tell by looking at them that they were crazy.

Another example showing that mental illness is the primary factor in mass murders. It's not the guns!

I am sure that someone had to notice something in this boy's behavior. Perhaps someone in his family spotted something that indicated he was disturbed. Of course, hindsight is always 20/20. I think thre must be a point before someone gets this bad mentally that they may feel like omething is wrong. I urge people who feels stressed and like they can't handle it to seek mental health care as soon as possible.Backpack full of explosives, but the media will concentrate on the firearms. Which it sounds like he bought legally, so none of the background checks made a lick of difference.

What is a 30 year old man doing living in a college dorm?  Why would any college even allow this?  I guess it is a normal thing but I thought college dorms were mainly for first and second year, straight out of high school students.  Guess times have changed.

Another mentally ill psychopath escaped detection that was most likely identifiable several years ago but nothing was doneâ€¦

Probably had trouble trying to pronounce his last name -- others likewise -- set off kind of a chain reaction -- that plus having to "share" a bathroom with roomates -- "the horror -- the horror" ---  Florida -- strict weapons laws -- no weapons on campus -- gun free zone!!  He-- along with every gangbanger within 2000 miles has no intention of obeying the law -- have no problem securing legal and illegal weapons --- it will never stop --- I chose to keep mine -- !!!

My Question, Why is a 30 year old living in a dorm? Dorms are for kids right out of high school..What a Loser this guy was..

dead dog

Hmm, he had a .22 cal rifle and several hundred rounds so yeah he could have hurt a lot of people but he would have had to be up close and personal or really lucky to kill anyone. The .45 cal handgun is much more dangerous but also an up close weapon, thankfully the response was fast before he could get into a crowd and do real damage. In this case response time was really key, glad he didn't get the chance to follow through on his plan. Maybe it's time to train campus officers just like regular cops and arm them to cut down response times?

30 years old and still in a college dorm? hmm

The eyes tell a story.

A tactical .22... so what made it tactical? A sling?And still they walk among us ...

22 tactical weapon????  Are they sure this guy wasn't going to  scare the squirrels out and go varment hunting?   What kind of explosives???  I think these guys are trying to add to this story a little.

Let this story be a lesson to hunters who think the current proposed  gun control legislation is reasonable. If a .22 calibre rifle is being labeled as a "tactical assault rifle", how long before your scoped hunting rifles become "sniper rifles" to the liberal media/politicians???

They banned machineguns in 1986, but American gun owners said nothing because few of us owned any machineguns.They banned imports of foreign military rifles in 1989, but American gun owners said nothing because few of us owned any foreign military rifles.They banned cosmetic "assault rifles" in 1994, but American gun owners said nothing because few of us owned any cosmetic assault rifles.Now they want to ban our deer rifles, my .22 plinking rifles, and all of our handguns...I see all the American gun owners posturing and talking bravado on these forums.  But I know they will do nothing except talk.  We never do anything.  Just talk.  Besides...how would we defend ourselves from the armed police who come to take away our guns?  We already gave up our machineguns and military rifles.Pathetic.Christopher

soon the media will be reporting on unruly pillow fights.

.22 cal "tactical" rifle...that takes the cake for stupid #$%$.

You can tell by his picture he's got mental issues. Again, we need to reopen mental institutions and keep these sack jobs locked up.

Glad he's dead,let's get the next one

the powers that be are continually after our guns.....

One less liberal. Amen ."a .22-caliber tactical rifle".....and the lib dem propaganda media, again, stretches....

So, this nutjob had:1.  A .45 caliber pistol (depending on the type, the magazine capacity was probably 7 rounds)2.  A .22 rifle (type unknown)No currently proposed gun laws would have had any effect on this.  However, notice what stopped it: good guys with guns.Lesson: Don't punish and disarm good people due to the actions of nutjobs and criminals.

I know very little about guns and have only fired a gun once in my life. However, even I know that a .22 caliber is not an assault gun. (Or is it assault rifle? See, I don't even know that much and I know more than the Yahoo reporter).

The media's relentless coverage is the cause of these copycats.

Another "Gun-free zone".

This story can't be true. It's impossible. Florida colleges don't allow guns and bombs. Bombs are against the law.

What the heck is wrong with these college students these days to make them want to pull stupid stunts like this bozo was planing, and the masssive shootings of Holms in Colorado? Are the professors to strict with assignments, or too much peir pressure from other students?

Wait, aren't bombs illegal?

The eyes tell a story.

There is no such thing as a Tactical .22 cal. . . Even our own U.S. Soldiers complained that the .223 cal or the 5.56mm rounds were not stopping the enemy.  This gun they displayed is a target gun as seen with the heavy barrel.  It is for popping critters and beer cans..22 can't even kill a squirrel in one shot.

Guns ammo and explosives are illegal on College campuses, so everybody was safe. Right?

30 years old living in a dorm...that's a red flag right there...

smart kid !  shoot yourself first before hurting others. all other criminals should do the same.

Well, one time they do right.

Good, he didn't get the chance to hurt others.

A mad man with 3. BOMBS not guns,ceated the DEADLIEST SCHOOL MASSACRE in american history,the Bath Consolidated School,back in 1927......45 people killed,38 of whom were CHILDREN ,over 100 victims .  Mad people kill with anything they can grab.

Thank Goodness This T:U:R:D: Did Himself In........

A college student with two guns, hundreds of rounds of ammunition and a backpack filled with explosives pulled a dorm fire alarm Monday in an apparent attempt to force other students out into the open so that he could slaughter them, authorities said. But he instead put a bullet in his head as police closed in.im thinking something crazy going on here, they always seem to kill themselves, even before they do anything?.

How many more like him are out there, waiting? If you know someone, or suspect someone, might be a psychopath waiting to "go off," for heaven's sake, please alert authorities.I am so glad the police moved quickly on this.

Was hhe from America ? Where was he from, where is his family.. 30 years old in the dorm ,no job. I am thinking he is a terrioist that has been here for a while just waiting/

30 years old, not enrolled, and named "Seevakumaran", and nobody thought he might be a little "off"? Sheesh!

another psychotic izlamic terrorist

Notice it was a 22 tactical rifle (at least they didn't call it an assault rifle).

Strange... His plan was foiled when someone with a GUN showed up.

a .22-caliber tactical rifle? ARE YOU #$%$ KIDDING ME!!! Nothing is tactical about a .22. Yes it can kill. I bet the Anti Guns are now going to take away .22 rifles as well

At least he killed himself first.

Yet another seriously troubled kid who was seeking to end everything around him. Would be nice if something was actually done to figure out whats going on with them, instead of putting blame on "objects" that have no thought of there own.

Mug shot? What is this from??The wacko's will always find a way - how's your assault weapon ban gonna stop this one ?

A tactical .22.   Hmmmm.......I've never seen police or Law enforcement deploy "tactical" .22's.  The way the media hypes things, black underwear would make my nuts tactical!

Tragic event, that is more proof gun control doesn't work.A mentally unstable person with no prior episodes has no background to check. All of these crimes are perpetrated by mentally unstable people usually with no registered reason for not being allowed a gun.

The KEY here is the guy "couldn't think fast on his feet" and I bet he is found to be on or in withdrawal from a psychotropic antidepressant drug. Millions of todays kids are on these mind destroying drugs and have been for two decades and as they get older they don't want to be on these drugs and try to withdraw by themselves and kill people as a result.You can find an article on Front Sight that shows the details of every single "American school shooter" and 100% of them were either on or withdrawing from these drugs. It is a fact our government is very aware of and will NEVER address this FACT.

AMF

I attend this university so let me tell you the real facts... He shot himself minutes before police parked their cars outside of the building. The campus police department is trying to get nationally accredited so, therefore, they are trying to take credit for something they did not do.They have fire alarm drills in those dormitories basically 1-2 times every two months. By the frequency of these drills, a good portion of students either do not obey the drill and stay within their dorms or they casually walk out of the building with no sense of emergency.The guy is 30 years old living in dorms that consist of a population with an average age of 19 years old. That should be red flag #1 in my opinion.I'm more scared that this nutcase had made explosives (which is a federal offense) rather than being scared of his squirrel -shooting semi-automatic rifle. For all I know, there could be some hidden devices still around that area. I frequently study at a place called "All Knight Study" which is directly across the street from Tower 1 (where the incident happened). Specifically, it was the third floor of Tower 1.

another freak

Celebrate diversity!!

And now the government spin begins.

The strictest Gun Control Laws would not have prevented him from getting his weapons! Good thing the police got there before he could kill anyone else!The guy had, according to the article, "a .22-caliber tactical rifle."  So, he had a .22 rifle with cosmetics making it look like a military firearm.

He was angry because his homosexual advances were rebuffed.

He ended his own life? Good...that saved us taxpayers from paying for his trial and subsequent prison time..

".22-caliber tactical rifle" = short for a scary looking gun.Bet it was black with a pistol grip.

I just noticed the cop holding up the gun he had saying it was an assualt rifle. come on we are taking this too far a.22 caliber assualt rifle give me a break. How many special forces guys would consider a .22 an assault anything.  Now they are going to try and ban&gt;22's and bb guns.

The weapon has made the transition to "assault rifle." Just heard it referred to as such on my local AM radio news. Sigh......

Wait. It is illegal to carry a gun on campus and it is a gun free zone. How could this have happened? There are laws against these things. Oh Yea, Criminals don't obey laws and never will.

oh a .22 "tactical" rifle now?  It was an "assualt" rifle before...  Banning every gun in the world would not have stopped the devastation caused by the explosives...

Could he be a " Islamic Activist" .....IE ......MOOSLUM BARBARIAN PIECE O #$%$ !

22's can hold 31 round banana clips......"In his room, investigators found four makeshift explosive devices in a backpack, a .45-caliber handgun, a .22-caliber tactical rifle, and a couple of hundred rounds of ammunition, police said."What is a .22 Cal 'tactical rifle'?  I would worry about the .45 Cal pistol.  Those can really hurt someone.  Is this some sensationalized description of weapons found in this nut's room?

As the poster Julie used to say, "He looks nice."

A .22 Caliber Tactical Rifle? What the ???? is that?

Every time a nut job tries something stupid. . .I am the one who worries about MY guns. I am the one who has to take my shoes off and be strip searched at the airport. Why don't you idiots start punishing the bad guys, not the good guys????

another nut job with access to guns, at least he did the right thing

Definetily not a red blooded American either.

Good

How is it that there was a time in this nation when students carried guns in their pick ups and went to school and yet school shootings  were even rarer than they are today. They had mentally ill people back then as well. What is the difference.

uh-oh...i hear a new media buzzword coming. 'tactical' rifle.

a .22-caliber tactical rifle,,,,, Now they want to call them tactical instead of assult. LMFAO.Isn't 30 really pushing it for dorm living?  I understand going back to college or maybe going later in life due to un-forseen setbacks in one's life but the idea of living in a dorm at 30 surrounded by kids experiencing freedom for the first time makes me nuts just thinking about it.

Wondering if he may have had Islamic terrorist intentions. Seeing anger in his eyes, but not love for others...

Ah, a nice happy story for a change on Yahoo!

As usual the media and law enforcement are covering up info as you don;t go to jail over not having a drivers license unless other items are involved and they were in his arrest. He had  temp tags on the vehicle he was driving that didn't match DMV records for the car he was driving and were stolen off another vehicle

How did this guy manage to have guns and explosives in his dorm room and none of his room mates have a clue..Doesnt add up or have people become that stupid!!!

It seems like attention maniacs are infesting this country like cockroaches. What better way to get the attention they so crave than to spray an occupied area with automatic weapon fire? That's always a real attention getter if not a crowd pleaser.

great ending, but very upsetting as this is something that seems to be happening very frequently.

He must be on drugs thinking about killing people.

A .22 caliber tactical rifle? Do they ever check who writes these articles?

The school officials let him stay with his roommates even though he WASN'T a sudent..and they were being "compassionate"...when you will you Libs/Demjs realize that not everyone is "nice"???Are you all that ignorant???So your roommate looks like that goofball and has antisocial behavior, but nothing was really strange about him. You that hard up for rent money?

What part in the world that this last name come from?

"His roommates told detectives that he had shown antisocial behavior" and no one in the admin thought to keep a check on this guy?  He wasn't registered for this semester yet he was living in the dorm and it is March?  What does it take for schools to wake up and realize they need to aggressively review students' behavioral issues to protect every other student.  I thank God my children are grown and beyond college let alone high school or elementary school.

When did a $169 .22 Rat shooter become a "Assault rifle" (First go round by the media) than be switched to a "tactical weapon" (Second round of media propaganda). What kind of University has a 30 YO man in dorms with 18-22 YOs? Crazy BS going on with story. Homemade M-80s and Cherry bombs are now being Called IEDs by the media? The MSM simply cannot be looked to for any truth.

oh well another nut case ?

"a .22-caliber tactical rifle"Love how they threw "tactical" in there.  Means it has synthetic furniture instead of wood.  Might even have one of those deadly baby killing pistol grips on it!  .22 is a varmint round.  Yes it will kill people with correct shot placement but that doesn't change the fact they're making a squirrel gun sound like an MP-5.

I actually agree with Bill O'Riley's position on the gun issue: basically that guns should be regulated by the states (what makes sense to have in a rural/boarder state like Texas may not be the same as in Rhode Island), that these laws should be enforced by the states (to whatever extend deemed by the states), and that all gun law violations (whether its lethal acts or just carrying an illegally obtained guy) should carry a federal offense with a minimum of 10 years in prison. That's the best way how you let guns stay in the hands of Americans while curbing gun violence.

A .22 tactical rifle . . . .    it must have been black and had a pistol grip, huh?   Wow, and I guess he had a bulk pack of plinking ammo too . . .

Driving without a drivers license at 23 and still attending college at 30. What is this guys legal status for being in the country, green card, temporary visa, work visa or something other since nothing about parents or family members noted. Normally like the Steubenville rape case news reporters would have already contacted his family for comments.Story probably will get covered up if he overstayed his welcome or was on expired paperwork and anything else that might stain Amnsety for criminals

Police Chief Richard Beary shows wow he knows how to hold up a photo of a semi automatic rifle. I guess in order to have a job at the university you must spread the liberal lie and claim it is an assault rifle. One day it might be politically correct to be honest.Seevakumaran...hummm another nut case from the middle east....go figure... look at this freaks eyes... he is obviously a mental case...!!!!

What;s a thirty year old doing in a college dorm ?

As looking at his picture and his name it appears that he is an immigrant.

Yup, that AR-15 and 30 rd mag ban would have done absolutely NOTHING here.

.22 tactical rifle????  ROFLMAO Ham it up you gun grabbing dorks.

@Queen_creek_pappy  who  writes:  "Lots of comments on .22 caliber rifle not realizing that the .223 is a .22 caliber. "Yes  that  is  very  true  and  if  you  looked  at a  bullet  hole   in  a  pizza  box  from  a   22LR   and   a  .223   you  would  find  very  little   difference.  Now  of  course if you  looked  at a   bullet  strike   in  a  steel  pipe   between  a   22LR  and  a  .223   you  would   see  a  massive   difference    due  to  the   projectile   shape   and  the   difference  in  muzzle  velocity  between  the two  rounds.

A .22-caliber tactical rifle is not an assault weapon. I suggest all cops, military, and government should switch out all their firearms to this type of weapons of mass destruction.

Another disaster prevented!!  Thank God.    What is going on in this crazy world?    Why?

A question for those who know guns. Is what's described as  "a .22-caliber tactical rifle" just the smallest caliber rifle, tarted up to look like an assault weapon?

Just never seems to end.  The copycats are crawling out of the woodwork.Sick of stupid analysis and reporting by idiots.  Couple hundred rounds of ammunition - 22 bullets are sold in boxes of 100.  They don't sell them by the individual bullet!  22 "tactical" rifle?  Just what was "tactical" about it?If they spent more time talking about this 30 year-old "student" and his background over the last 12 years of when he started being college age then maybe we would begin to have a better understanding of how these mass killer are created!  Was he born in America? Is he here legally?  Where are his parents, etc, etc?????

And why could this not be a depressed man who pulled a fire alarm to cover the sound of the gunshot as he ended his life.  The story says he pulled the gun on one student that got into a bathroom and was able to call police.  The story says notes were found indicating an attack on students, this never happened so maybe he thought it out and wrote it down but never planned on following through.  The story starts of saying Seevakumaran had hundreds of rounds of ammo, while true, it is misleading as we find out later in the story it was more like two hundred rounds of which he had .45 caliber and .22 caliber.  Also mentioned was a backpack filled with explosives which turned out to be four.  I am not trying to belittle the seriousness of this incidence, I would however like to see the media report the story truthfully, accurately, and honestly instead of dramatizing for effect.  I would also like to see police quit speculating to the press and report facts only after a full investigation is completed and give full honest details as to the true purpose of this mans suicide with obvious hints at the possibility of thinking about taking others with him.And when we look at this story in the correct light we see once again how our mental health system has failed another human being.Praise God that this ended up only a suicide, shame on the university for not identifying this mans unstable mental state.

He's thirty years old, living in a dorm, not paying his tuition-- and no one saw anything unusual in this picture?  Also, calling a .22 a "tactical rifle" doesn't make it an assault rifle, so let's crank down the rhetoric.  Hats off to the police, and a big Atta-boy! to Mr. Seeitcummin.

This guy had CRAZY eyes.  The first sign.  Ask his parents about his behavior.  DENIAL

The school was IN THE PROCESS OF ...removing Seevakumaran from the dormitory because he HADN'T ENROLLED IN CURRENT SEMESTER..... WTH was he STILL doing there? He should have been OUT long ago.... sounds to me like they were coddling him and letting him stay where he should not have been for far too long. Also noted they said he didn't have a" disciplinary problem with other students" sounds code for we had disciplinary problems him and trouble between he and the STAFF...OK so listen up folks..... Antisocial Behavior in this day and age means LOOK THE ph"UCK out! NUT JOB ALERT! DANGER DANGER!!

.......a 30 year old college student?

I suppose by "tactical" they mean it has a pistol grip ??????

Sometimes it's just not your day! Thank goodness another maladjusted, failure to cope with reality, anti something, social misfit got what he deserved by his own hand.

Now if only all the copycats will acurately follow suit....

The eyes tell a story.if not raping  girls...these are terrorist wannabes....these india-subcontinentals are pests wherever they are....just read they gang-raped an american teacher in malaysia

he even failed terrorist 101. thank god for his dumbness.he wont get 77 virgins.

Is this just another way to get out of paying those hefty student loans back?

I guess he got confused after he pulled the fire alarm and started his "plan" of attack from the ending.   I really wish all the school shooters would do it this way,,it would save a bunch of innocent lives.

Good riddance. Glad he just shot himself in the head and no one else.

Glad they cornered this nut bag.

So apparently a gsg-5 .22 is an assault rifle now? The assault weapon was a .22 rifle. Watch out raccons and possums or I'll go rambo on ya.

Another nut. And no way to lock these people up so they can't hurt either themselves or others.

Man, if this isn't some well-scripted propaganda I don't know what is.

The Press/Media should stop making these anti heroes famous.Watch them ruminate this story.I am just glad this mad boar put a bullet in to his own head!

I have a mint condition Marlin 39 lever action that was made in 1947. It holds 15-.22 LR's. Is that considered a tactical .22?

OK and did he have a background check to purchase his weapons?   Would any of his weapons/ammunition be banned under the current proposals?  Was there any suspicious behavior that would have warrented a psychiatric hold?

Notice the heavy brow , deep set eyes , eyes too close together almost crosseyed , and the frowning scowl on his face. From the picture I would assume emotional problems if not more.It was not mentioned if this had anything to do with religion was he a muslim , or just screwed in the head. My question is this where are these nutjobs coming from? There have been more nutjob killers in the last year than I can remember in the last 20. Is it the news and gun control nuts sensationalizing it that is giving them the idea or what? When I was in school kids got picke on kids got bullied , but they did not shoot 15 of there classmates when they did. I just don't understand where the mindset is coming from.

This is total BS. There is no such thing as a 22 Tactical rifle! Thats like saying Assault Rifle BB gun. The Police scared him into shooting himself? He pulled the alarm and shot at no one when everyone came out??  Sounds like another suicide being used as propaganda.

Just a friendly reminder from Homeland Security, "If a mad man does decide to shoot up your school or work space, be sure to grab a pair of scissors and stand and fight."***Results may vary***

Gee libs, I guess your "gun free zone" didn't stop this one either. Shocking.... (rolls eyes)

The eyes tell a story.

My neighbor has a nuclear powered tactical Daisy Red Ryder! We go out in the back yard and shoot it at North Korea every day! Drives those commies crazy trying to figure out where all those BB's are coming from. Dont you wish the liberal media would take the time to educate themselves in regards to the ignorant drivel that they print! That said, I do enjoy watching them make fools of themselves.

Let's see.  We're going to take the word of "authorities" as to what the intentions of this person were?  I don't care if he had MILLIONS of rounds of ammo.  Am I to believe this person only fired a single round at himself when his intentions were to "slaughter hundreds of people"?  Let's see.  You're going to die anyway.  If you're dead-set (pun intended) on killing a bunch of people first why not at least take a shot or two at the cops as they were closing in?  Your story is a bit thin, guys.  But I'm SURE you'll keep using it to try to justify limiting how much ammunition we can all possess now.  Gee, how utterly convenient for the LIEberals that this went down this way, and AGAIN during the reign of a LIEberal President instead of some "gun toting Republican".  Real bang up job you're doing, Barry! (pun still intended)What a decent guy!  All who plan mass murder should learn from this guy!  Shoot self first!

Have they airlifted in the counselors? Gotta have counselors!

Thank God for roommates with cell phones. I'm not remarking lightly.

What is a .22 caliber "tactical rifle?"

Do we have no other information or are WE trying to be politically correct? His last name is not like any in my home town. Where did learn this as an option to going to school?

that .22-caliber"tactical rifle" is just a dolled up varmint gun. but the ignorant media thinks because it looks sort of looks like a fully automatic machine gun that it must be a tactical military grade weapon. the media are a bunch of Bozos. ðŸ’©

I think college is the cause of all this. Or is it just another anti social nut case? The world is full of nuts, did his roommate really think he had his stuff together? We want to do the right thing and this is what you get.

a tactical 22 rifle?   a 22 is not tactical . again the media trying to make a 22 now look scary

Yessiirrrreee..he was one of those nasty LEGAL gun owners..Mr. Responsible and in the country legally....but please..don't OFFEND him by asking for rent or tuition...

.22-caliber tactical rifle...LOL. .22's are tactical TRAINERSA .22 Tactical rifle? That is comparable to a Prius with bigger tires being a NASCAR.

gun free zone.

Good thing this guy wasn't too bright. He looks like a #$%$. UCF must have low entrance standards.

"a .22-caliber tactical rifle," what the heck is that?

Any chance he wanted to be a star to the media for gun control to get hisname plastered on the news 24/7? By any means did the media leavethat part out?

Cool to see everything was done right to suppress his desire to inflict pain and suffering by a quick response.

Antisocial Behavior = Nut JobDrop Out STILL ALLOWED to Live in Dorm = STUPID FACULTY ADMINISTRATIONThank god he just offed himself ...

too many apparentlies in this story

He changed his mind, rapid response had nothing to do with it.  He could have shot his room mate through the door stepped out and shot a lot of people in the hallway long before any authority even got to the front door of the building much less his floor.  He came to his senses and did the right thing in the end, its easy to think about killing those innocent people for your problems but actually doing it takes a seriously mentally ill person and luckily he was not that type of person when it came down to it.

It looks like a win for the cops on this one.But I thought the gun grabbers said that an armed police/security response wouldn't be enough to deter a mass-shooting.I wonder what else they were wrong about........Love stories with happy endings.

A 30 year old student living in a dorm? This has got 'staged event' written all over it !

I know you can't put much credence on anything in an AP story when it comes to their accuracy for technical descriptions, but an AR15 is a .223 caliber rifle. But considering the trend among gun manufaturers to design almost everything to look like a "tactical" weapon, it could have been a .22 caliber air rifle for all we know. The one thing we can pretty much believe is that the  AP is not going to let any fact checking get in the way of quickly throwing out a sensationalized story.

If I were that roommate I would buy a lotto ticket. By the way Kudos to the roommate and the police  for acting the way they did.

'...the school was in the process of removing Seevakumaran from the dormitory because he hadn't enrolled for the current semester.' So when was the deadline to register?

Since when did a .22 become a high powered assault weapon?

Does not mater what kind of guns he had when he has a bomb.  Will gun controll laws include back ground checks for people with home made bombs,  because when the guns are in hiding the home made bombs will come out.

Look at that mug. They let anybody go to college in Floridah.

Wait... Where's my tactical butter knife...

ahhh, finally!  Maybe he learned proper sequencing in his Business classes...SEEVAKUMARAN.............what nationality is that name??

Is it just me, or does this whole "tactical weapon" thing sound as contrived as "white hispanic" did?

Who wants to bet that this guy was going to pull the gun on himself like a coward whether he got to kill people or not?

a 30 yr old college student who wasn't registered for the semester is still living in the dorm and it is March.....also he was known to be antisocial and no one at the school thought to check things out?  Way to go UCF, if it weren't for dumb luck you'd have a massacre on your hands.

He was really going squirrel hunting.

Not to make light of this but come on. An Assault Rifle? This is a .22 cal dolled up squirrel gun. Careful you can put a eye with that thing. How about focusing on where he got the explosives?

He has a tactical Unibrow

aw shucks. no assault rifle to use as propaganda.

If only they had some gun control laws preventing the size of his clips and style of weapon, it could have prevented him from doing this or his explosives from ever going off.

A .22 is deadly. More penetration. But you would have to hit a vital area.But to the guy that said it would do more damage than a standard  223 round. You are an idiot.I shot a cow we were going to butcher in the head 3 times with my tactical .22 squirrel gun when I was a kid, and it shook its head and ran off. One round from a 30-30 and it blew half its head apart and dropped it like a rock.Just another nut with a gun.  Nothing to see here, move along.

The sounds of the police stopped this fool. Fear is the only thing bad men understand. Disarming yourself is not going to make them more fearful.

I guess with all the gun legislation going on, he probably realized what he was about to do was illegal, so he just checked himself out.

Look at his eyes.. Ever notice how all these people have those screwed up looking eyes!

Most of these mass killings were done by liberals in gun free zones ,it's time we start allowing our law abiding citizens to have the abillity to defend themselves.These cowards don't attack people in places where someone might shoot back.plus they wouldn't know which one of their potential victims were armed putting them at a disadvantage.

What is driving the INSANITY?  Notice the guns didn't kill anyone but the bad guy.  GUNS DON'T KILL.  PEOPLE DO.

from the middle east?

Another dead coward!

The issue is mental health not guns!

Don't know what happened.  I didn't do all the repeat posts on "the eyes.""Armed with this type of weapon"...Which one? The .22cal or the .45cal? I notice the .22cal was labled a "tactical" rifle...was that said to make it sound like a "big bad assault rifle"? This type of situation is bad...all the way around. With the "political correctness climate" the way it is...making his weapons sound really, really "bad" is unnecessary. What if he had two knives, instead...the really "bad" one would have serrated, I bet.

a .22 is not a "tactical rifle"...  a .223 might be... but not a .22look at that liberal media go....

Notice how many of these nuts use backpacks to carry their spare weapons and ammo (and explosives)? Time to have "universal background checks" for all backpack purchases. Maybe a waiting period too.

Case Closed.  No Trial, No Appeals, Justice Done.  Another Cancer on Society eliminated by his own Hand.  Priceless!!!

Makes one wonder if there is a little mind control going on. I know people are jumping on the for or against gun control agenda. But, when in history has so many young, 20s/30s year old decided to do a mass killing and then shoot themselves in the head. No motive. Sirhan Sirhan comes to mind everytime I read about these useless killings. Instead of the government doing useless studies why not do a study on these people who have no motive going around wanting to mass murder and then themselves?

this guy needed a grandmother like the one on trial in Michigan.

No kidding!  Which one of you college educated idiots figured that out?

"22-caliber tactical rifle"  is the same as a "22-caliber assault pellet gun"

He looks rather muzzie to me. Are they certain hes not working with a terrorist group?

a couple hundred rounds of .22 cal can fit in your front pocket.. He may have shot a few with that but wouldnt have killed anyone more than likely until he pulled that .45 out..  Why was the armed officer telling them to move faster from a dead man??This is the way all of these events should end.

"a .22-caliber tactical rifle" An assault squirrel rifle?

Another "brilliant" islamic terrorist. He looks like he is child of some inbreeding. This turned out well and I am sure his parents are very proud. Allah has been served.

We need to ban backpacks, especiallly high-capacity ones since they allow mass murderers to carry a lot of explosives.  I'm just saying that we need another knee-jerk reaction here.

Liberal "Gun-Grabbers" are every bit as stupid and ignorant as Conservative "Right to Lifers".And Moderate Progressives like me are left in the middle shaking our heads in disbelief at both of the idiotic extremes.

So what was everybody so worried about?  It's not like he had an assault rifle.[Sarcasm aimed at the logic-impaired Grabbers]

Let's also point out that the guns he had are not part of the gun laws the #$%$ from CA is trying to pass. So what would they do if he had pulled this off add these guns to the list? Or would they start blaming the shooter? You know the answer. Thank GOD this nut shot himself

Any background about this nut job??? I heard all of this on TV...yahoo is a little late and not so informed...as usual.

Again in the USA.Rinse, repeat.

hundreds of rounds of ammunition.which could be held in the palm of your hand.Are his eyes too close together?

HE DID IT RIGHT!!! thanks to a previous post of mine. the proper way to mass kill.1) get lots of guns and bombs 2) shoot self FIRST 3) shoot and bomb innocent people last!

This is what is missing from any and all gun bills. I am a teacher, a combat vet, a hunter, target shooter and re-loader, supporter of the 2nd Amendment, AND a gun-toting liberal who see the difference between what is proposed and the fallacy it will become. Remove the guns and the lunatics will still get them, and just because someone is insane, it doesn't mean he or she is stupid, ignorant or dumb - they can and will find weapons if they choose. Mental health is the missing component - evaluation and care for the mentally ill is one badly needed step.

This is the kind of dirtbag that needs to be removed from society, not the guns.

His weapon, although somewhat weak, would have still inflicted death and mayhem. Age 30, and still going to school. I just wonder if he's one of the 911 hijackers that was a no show on the Orlando flight that morning and decided to act upon his own ten years later. If you don't know about the Orlando flight, google it. Two security guards stopped a man from boarding who had box cutters on him and was acting suspicious. Seven other passengers were no shows. Not cancellations or re-booked mind you, but no shows. The media barely reported it, and the cops never did catch up with the seven.

This happens because they took God out of colleges and did not send me and my dad enough money.

Like I have said before it is the college student doing most of the shootings.  Why do you not ban  college?

All you nutters out there that hate life.  Just put that bullet in your own skull just like this guy luckily did (after planning otherwise).  There is no reason to take other people with you.

Well, at least the #$%$ did the world a favor and killed himself before killing innocent people! There is good in everyone if you just look for it!

the nut case didn't have an "assault weapon". He had "plinker" rifle. Even though a .22 caliber rifle is still deadly, the .22 round is not as devastating as .223/5.66 round for AR-15's, or the 7.62x39 round for AK's. But for the media to call this plinker rifle an assault weapon is irresponsible journalism and a flat out lie. Reporting true facts is no longer a requirement for journalism. It hasn't for years now.HUNDREDS of rounds of ammo? 200? That would be four whole boxes of .22. Sorry that's laughable. Another slanted gun shooter article.

Well good thing all those laws were on the books to keep him from obtaining weapons! Good job Libs!

dumbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasss

So glad he did us a favor otherwise the politicians would be circling the wagons about guns.....oh wait....dang it!!

Baloney!  If this guy had had intentions to kill (other than himself), he would have certainly done so.  This is pure and false hindsight on behalf of law enforcement officials.  That's like saying, "Man planned to build his own thermonuclear weapon and kill 2 million people.  But instead he shot himself dead.  Two million narrowly escape nuclear devastation!" all because they check his online history and see that he was researching on how to build a nuclear bomb in your basement.  Silly really.

I think I saw something similar on an "Outer Limits" episode.

But schools are GUN FREE ZONES, so how did he have a gun at school?

Seevakumarin?   These Irish kids need to stop this nonsense!

30? living in a dorm?  there is your first clue the guy was a weirdo

This article is so poorly written. You have no idea how the police knew to search this kid's room. You really have to look elsewhere to get the information that you need to know what's going on. They left out all the information about his roommate calling the cops.Much ado about little.The local news interviewed some students who made me wonder (yet again) how low the entrance standards have fallen.  They are too "freaked out" to go back to the dorm?This isn't like a deadly pathogen was released in the dorm that might still be lingering.  Nor is it as if one of Florida's ubiquitous sink holes opened up near the dorm and had just been pronounced "safe".  The threat... is... gone.  And there are students who are too mentally unstable to recognize that and go on with their lives?The first image I caught of the rifle the shooter had made me question his intent. While a 22LR can be deadly, it's something like 10-12 times less powerful than an AR-15, which is itself only a medium-power cartridge.   The 22LR is effectively one step up from a high-end pellet gun.The .45ACP, on the other hand, is serious close-quarters firepower.  But in the hands of someone who would select a .22LR for mass homicide (that is, someone who doesn't know what he's doing) the effective range is on the order of 10 yards.  Outside of that range, the shooter might hit something, but likely not what he's trying to hit.While Beary may want to claim credit for his department, it's unlikely that "fast response time" had much to do with preventing a deadly rampage. (And if there's a future case, where people are killed, will Beary step up and declare, "People died because police response was too slow"?)This entire case sounds like a someone making a bid for attention then deciding he didn't want to hurt anyone to get it.

Ahh...so what this is saying is.....the coward was confronted with someone with a gun and killed himself. Gun free zones.....keeping people safe all over the country.

A 30 year-old student in a DORM?

His only arrest in THE  STATE OF FLORIDA is suspended license. Where is he from?

Enough!! Please Mr Media define assault weapon....

22-caliber tactical rifle.......what the hell is that ?

Seevakumaran?.....

Once we shift focus off of the GUNS and start paying attention to Human Behavior, we start making progress! Good job recognizing and acting on putting this knothead down quickly!

All well that ends well.

A .22 caliber rifle is a rifle for beginners or wimps. Pure drama by AP to call it "tactical."Did the AP writer play too many games of Black Ops 2? Pfffth, dolt writer.I don't car what it looks like, a 22 cal. would only be considered "tactical" or "assault" to a Squirrel or  Rabbit

... a .22 TACTICAL rifle???  Now it gets really stupid.  .22 TACTICAL?  Since when?  More anti gun writers.  Soon, a four wheel drive vehicle is an ASSAULT vehicle, too.

Now its a "tactical .22 rifle"?? #$%$??? Since when was a .22 rifle ever tactical?

Next thing you know an air rifle (aka pellet gun) will be known as a "tactical" weapon.

Wow!  Talk about the fog of war fu  ((  king up carefully laid plans!!!  But ... all's well that ends with a bullet in the bad guys nugget.

What kind of last name is that? It's Shri Lankan- Muslim or an offshoot culure- i.e.-Ponnuthurai Sivakumaran (1950â€“1974), also known as Sivakumaran or Urumpirai Sivakumaran, was from Urumpirai, Jaffna, Sri Lanka. He was one of the pioneers of the Tamil Eelam struggle. He held Alfred Duraiappah, the then Jaffna Mayor, responsible for the 1974 Tamil conference deaths. He was looking for an opportunity to assassinate Duraiappah...Bring us your insane, warlike and yearning to kill democracy should be liberty's new motto.

Guy was probably loaded with a pea shooter!

Who is - James Oliver Seevakumaran ???What is his background ?.....Did he have any signs of MENTAL Illness ?....Who knew about it ?......If so, what did they do about it ?

Ban high capacity uni-brows.

Once again the criminal or the insane showing how well those gun free zones work for you.......Did they arrest the guns?

All students should  have follow our esteem Vice-President Biden (village  idiot ) advice and bought shotguns.

SSRI's strike again.

This is impossible the school is a "gun free" zone, not only that it is also an "explosive device"  free zone...#$%$ liberals and their laws.

Morre will come out on this latest wanna-be head case

Sorry, a 22 is not, never has been, and never can be a "tacticle" weapon, ever. LOL. What a miss construed article full of stupid liberal missused language. I will admit freely though, that the good news of the turd that shot himself does bring a tear of joy to the eyes of everyone. Good for him, finally thinking about others future safety.

my tactical testicles should be banned,  11 kids are enough

Don't think any "Assault Weapons" Ban could have stopped that... Good thing it turned out the way it did.

So when did a .22 cal rifle become " a tactical rifle"  oh I get it so the media can put a spin on words to make it sound big and bad!!!

Seems like it was ended with the threat of good guys with guns.As long as the media makes instant global celebrities out of the insane, they will continue to breed these kind of people looking for the same attention by committing the same crimes!

Clearly what this young man really needed was a few 100-round magazines to help defend American Freedom from the propaganda spewed at College Indoctrination Centers.

the school was in the process of removing Seevakumaran from the dormitory because he hadn't enrolled for the current semester....it is now mid March...how long could this take??

I guess he's another one that always wanted a pony when he was a kid, but his mom would never get him one.

Good riddance to bad garbage.

Another worthless insect of MIDDLE EASTERN decent....these insects need to all be rounded up and investigated.

.22 caliber tactical squirrel rifle!

But how could this happen? It's illegal to carry a firearm on campus. Maybe they should pass more laws to prevent this sort of thing.

Another socially inept nutcase looking for "glorious" exit. We should make a rule to stop these mofos, if any one commit such crime, parents will serve life sentence automatically w/out parole.

Good guys with guns showed up and the bad guy with guns didn't hurt anybody.The "first responders" should be the first citizens a nutjob like this points a gun at.

Quick action by this maniac's roommate and the police response saved many lives. Fortunately, Seevakumaran shot himself and saved Orlando and Florida the time and expense of trying and housing him for the rest of his pathetic life.

Let me get this straight: A maniac saw armed police close in.Kinda' hurts  their (libbys stance )on campus armed security doesn't it.This should be front page, instead of 11/A.

The eyes tell a story.

The eyes tell a story.

But campuses are "gun free" zones.  How did he get the guns into his dorm?  DIDN'T HE READ THE SIGNS????

Another drug crazed, athiest,with no morals idiot.  Glad he is out of the gene pool.

How great is that law designating schools as gun free zones.  Sue makes oue children safe.

A .22 is an assault rifle now?  We've just always called it "the baby's squirrel gun".

This entire story stinks to high heaven. "All of a sudden, I felt the crowd move a little faster. And a police officer with a machine gun or something told everyone to start moving a lot faster," he said. WOW seems the police SWAT team just set a new record for response times. Or were they already there and set up before the alarm went off. Things don't seem to be what they seem to be. Could be a false flag operation and the subject decided to not go through with it. Obama how many were suppose to die this time, in order to prop up your faultering antigun campaign? Always remember with Liberals the ends justifies the means,We know this wasn't another false flag op. The black op handler/hypnotist always supplies the false flagger with an AR...

He's dead? Good!

Just pull up pictures of these "mass shooters" and you'll quickly see that guns are not the problem here...

Holy scary. Just imagine if he pulled this off. Glad this guy rid us of his presence.

Again the shooter gets himself.  Even with the police responding the best they can, it is the regular citizen that is always at ground zero first when these nutjobs go on the attack.  Carry a weapon and use it if justified.  Stop them before it is a mass shooting.  Don't wait for them to off themselves.

"James Oliver Seevakumaran, 30, was found dead in his dorm room at the 51,000-student Orlando campus of the University of Central Florida."  Sorry, just going by his last name, I bet he was getting his education for free, compliments of the US taxpayer-no, not really, should have been stated "by the largesse of the US government."  Too damn bad we don't have a government that works for the citizens interests.

30 year old living in a dorm?

This is clearly a big over statement by the media to help Obama and his hoard of gun grabbers a .22 is no way no how an assault weapon.. (idiot media) Edward is correct your making yourselves look like fools

Again, why attack a defenseless population center ?...because its defenseless.Glock Express, I never leave home without it.

the new phase of violence has begun.assault weapons and background checks are a waste of time.this pioneer has plotted to use explosives and by the time the mediagets done trying to make policy they will inadvertenly promote this sicko and the age of the homemade bomb will replace the assault weapon.....maybe those gun nuts were on to something when they said mental illness is the place to start to curb violence."We think the rapid response of law enforcement may have changed his ability to think quickly on his feet." Ouch. What about it being a low brow recluse with its eyes too close together?Does not really look like a brain surgeon.

Another low brow nut job.

Looks and sounds like another loon to me! Bet he was on meds just like ALL the rest of these types of shooters! We dont have a gun problem, we have a people problem!

I'm glad this ended well, but once again we see the same thing: a psycho targeting a large group in a gun free zone that turns the gun on himself at the first sign of an armed response.Seriously, when is congress going to do something about these gun free zones which attract maniacs?

Looks like the media is leaving out some other facts about this guy.

"22-caliber tactical rifle" Wish he could have told where he bought the ammo at.

"Tactical" .22 rifle?  #$%$!!  Oh, yeah!!  It was black, had a pistol grip, and a ventilated hand guard, semi-auto, with detatchable magazine!!  Holy Feinstein Batman!!  What are we gonna do?

I guess now Obama will want to outlaw homemade bombs...

OK, this is just more fear-mongering.  The murder rate in this country is not getting worse, it is actually getting better.1. Rifles kill less people every year than knives, or blunt objects, or bare hands. Fact-FBI website.2. The number of murders in the US skyrocketed during the first AWB. Guess what happened after it ended.  The murder rate in the US has been on a steady decline even though the population has grown. Also a fact.3. Handguns account for the vast majority of gun deaths in this country, and of those deaths, 85% are suicides. Fact.All these facts can be easily verified on the internet. Rather than go off ranting and blaming the tools.  Educate yourselves and at the very lease make an informed argument. I am fine with the fact that there are people out there that don't like nor will never own a gun.  Thats their choice.  I like guns, and I want to keep my guns.  Thats my choice. I work, pay my taxes, and follow the laws.  Why should my choices be regulated because other people do not want to follow the rules. This is not the military where you punish everyone for the bad deeds of one person, and neither are we children who we have to treat everyone the same.  Enough with all this PC #$%$.

He looks somewhat cross-eyed. How would he shoot then?But by looking at his mug shot he appears to be such a bright individual.

Is trhis guy a US citizen, or a foreign student here on a education visa?  He looks like the devil, Obama shouldn't worry about that.  I appears to me this guy was her for a reason, Terrorism if he came here on a strudent vias program.  Please could we have more facts please?

30 year old student?   Okay, tell me, what government education pell grant was this one on?  Same on as the Aurora theater shooter?

Too all the losers calling this guy "Middle Eastern" or "Muslim" or whatever, his first name is "white" and his last name is Hindu/Indian...Nothing "Middle Eastern" about it.

I wonder if this guy read the bomb manual of William Ayers,the '60's-70's anti-war protestor who  is Obama's Chicago buddy and fund raiser. Ayers is an admiited communist and teaches in chicago. Do your research......open Your eyes.

Hmm....What's with all these angry antisocial people? When I went to college in the early 80's we just partied a lot. We didn't have our faces glued to a video screen.   If we didn't like someone we pulled pranks on them.  Actually, even if we did like someone we still pulled pranks on them :)   Fun times.

it looks like a heckler&amp;koch mp5 sd replica, semi-auto of course, chambered in 22 long rifle. not exactly a weapon of mass destruction. the tin cans it killed in the past were probably quite frightened.

when will it end?

Obama will miss him. BOO HOO.

This is not completely true folks.  If you look at the picture the cops are holding up of an assault rifle,  You have to pay attention to the wording.  They say " A gun like this "  but he didn't have a gun like that.  He had a .45 caliber handgun and a mere 22 caliber rifle .  Not hardly equipment to do damage like the massacres before mentioned.  The media is doing it's very best to condemn those pesky assault weapons.   Also notice this shooter was a foreigner. Probably Indian or some other turban wearing idiot.A police officer with a "machine gun or something".A "tactical .22""Anybody armed with this type of weapon and ammunition could have hurt a lot of people here, particularly in a crowded area as people were evacuating."See this is one of the major contributing problems. Ignorance. If you don't know details about the event, or what type of gun the cop was holding..DON'T COMMENT..Machine gun....ya, the cop drove up into the dorm with his squad car with his M134 Mini gun attached to the roof..Tactical .22..........ya, there's a lot of military forces using the "Tactical .22" now. It's so popular...It's a freaking .22 long rifle, there's nothing "Tactical" about a .22.Yes, it could have been very bad. But the only thing that could have harmed "a lot" of people where the IED's this dumb #$%$ was carrying around in his backpack.

Seevakumaran...........what kind of last name is that?   Nationality??????? Was he an American or a foreign student?

How did he get into our country?

It would have been no problem because he did not have a high capacity clip.

The obama cronies must be #$%$ off that he lost his cool and killed himself before taking anyone out.  Now they'll have a harder time using it to push their agenda.

I really wish the nutjobs with guns would take a break from shooting folks so the media left and the over reactive dems can stop freaking out about gun laws

Just shows some libs will die for BHO's cause to stage an assault to use for gun control.He had plenty of time to carry it out if he were a real killer.It was done for anti gun publicity.

What, no AR-15 so Anderson Cooper and the other CNN a-holes can't rail about assault weapons? I love how now the 22 is a "TACTICAL RIFLE" There are no 22 cal tactical rifles, you liberal newsies! Does anyone think this is a copy cat? If the liberal news media hadn't started all this with their weeks long Columbine coverage, and the side shows they put on at school shootings, making those a-holes into cult heros, do you really think we'd be seeing all these students shooting up schools? You see liberals. It's not the guns. It's all the crazies we're turning out! And the news media that feeds on this stuff. Take some of the damned blame for what you new people have created.

Thanks for killing yourself, and nobody else.

"but university spokesman Grant Heston said that before the episode, the school was in the process of removing Seevakumaran from the dormitory because he hadn't enrolled for the current semester."Oh, so he was about to lose his housing entitlement?  Lemmings are a crazy lot, indeed--but, unfortunately, every time one of their lemmings go crazy, the 'rats come up with laws punishing the SANE and law-abiding folks who actually build things.  Sad.That is funny, I just read this article on another news site and there was no mention of the whole "pulled the fire alarm to force students out into the open to shoot them" theory.

He did the right thing. I am proud of him.

When a gun nut goes off, you just don't know what is going to happen.  Luckily, no one was hurt and the gunman surrendered...to his gun.

It's going to happen,one of these #$%$ will eventually succeed.

the .45 would be legal under proposed legeslation as is a .22: unless it's a ".22 caliber TACTICAL rifle".....talk about a reach by the liberal media

Notice a pattern here with these disaffected angry young men?  They off themselves as soon as armed resistance shows up. They are only interested in shooting at unarmed people who can't shoot back. BTW, a .22 rifle isn't ANY kind of "assault" rifle. It's for plinking. The media needs to stop trying to describe every gun like it's a bazooka.

Where in heavens did he get all the guns and ammo...at least no one got killed except the gunman..

Oh oh oh big surprise!!!!! It's another    f  u  c  k  i  n  g    r  a  g  h  e  a  d.

Ahhhh, he didn't have to shoot himself, I would have taken care of that for him.  So here we have an antisocial 30 year old living in a dorm, decides that, since he is being evicted for not being enrolled for the term, it's time to kill off a few others.  Ok, we don't need new laws, we need new tests to uncover these kinds of idiots *Before* they get their hands on guns.  Also, and BTW, where the hell did he get info on how to build IEDs ???  I thought people looking for that kind of info were monitored and scooped up early.  NSA could easily monitor all 'net traffic for that term and then send folks to check it out.

What sort of name is "Seevakumaran" anyway?College Terrorist?

there is no such thing as tactical .22 ANYTHING. what a stupid way to describe a .22

A 22 caliber assault rifle?????????????????????

Probably the best way it could have ended. Otherwise, someone would have not wanted to hurt his feelings and he would have been out of jail in a few years to repeat his failed attempt.

What the hell is a ".22 caliber tactical weapon"? Bolt action, pump, single shot? We know it wasn't one of the dreaded "military-style assault weapons," because otherwise, it would have been mentioned 17 times.

We should ban foreigners as if it were not for them ... we wouldn't have gun murders.Get that analogy lefties?  Doesn't make any sense when you insert "guns" into the sentence, either!

You can tell there wasn't an AR15 involved,there was no mention of Newtown.

Any chance the creep was a mosIem?  Hmmm...

A .22 cal tactical rifle, really?  Here goes the media again, just what exactly makes the rifle tactical.  It is just another scary term used to incite fear into the populace so that they can ban essentially all guns.  Also it is not uncommon for the owner of a .22 cal rifle to have hundreds of rounds of ammunition as the ammo typically comes in boxes of 300 to 500 rounds, that is just the way that it is sold.

this just happened today, have they gotten all the facts???? He has a "muslim" last name...musta been an attack. What of the guy that he held up in the room pulled the alarm when he attacked him with the gun?....im just saying if he wanted to kill he would have.Psycho #$%$ wants to take out a bunch of innocents, but puts bullet in head instead. I love a happy ending.

Terrorist.

Glad he got derailed, however it happened. I'm guessing he planned to die, that's what the explosives were for. Kudos to the quick-thinking roommate for not being the first of MANY casualties.I'm a bit curious about the ".22-caliber tactical rifle." This SOUNDS like an "assault weapon," but only to the less-informed. Stocks are sold for various .22 rimfire rifles (like the Ruger 10/22) that could be considered "tactical." Many semi-auto military lookalike rifles fire .223 Remington (5.56mm NATO) ammo. While the bullets are the same diameter, they are MAGNITUDES apart in lethality. And "hundreds" of .22 rimfire cartridges could fit in a coat pocket. "Hundreds" of .223 rounds would fill a small cooler. But the AP wouldn't try to make him sound more heavily armed than he was, would they?Like I said, I'm just a bit... curious.

He didnt look all there to begin with, say a couple of beers short of a six pack.

The American way! So sad!

A 45 and a 22, I guess this country murders and criminals are stepping down in weapons, no more AK-47 or M-16 (223 cal) or even larger or maybe this guy was just not educated by the schools as to what to select in commiting a crime.

Saved the local court system some time and money

That god that turd took his own life and not the innocent ones , I just wonder how is it that these people are getting the guns and explosives ? Doesn't anyone else think it is funny that all this has started just before the elections ? Just a thought to get agendas passed .

When I have a bad day, I just grab a beer.  What is wrong with these pathetic #$%$ who feel the need to shoot up everything?!

I bet Obama and Biden are so mad the police mad it in time.They had to add the word "tactical" to the word rifle because just calling it a 22 rifle doesn't sound so serious.  Not making light of the story.   Thankful no one was injured or killled!  Would love to be around all the reporters hearing questions about the type of weapon rather than what this guy had in mind!

It is to bad that more of them don't end this way before they harm someone else.

WOW another college student and possible plan to commit mass murder..Maybe we should ban colleges.. no colleges then no college drop outs to commit mass murder.

what kind of name is that? another wacked out foreigner?

come on people...you are NOT helping when you use guns.  use bombs, axes and baseball bats.  Start a NEW agenda.  Guns are so yesterday.

guess they will ban .22 cal. next

what happened to the assault weapon the liberal media was plastering all over that this guy had? ohhhh its a tactical .22 rifle. guess this story will go away just like every other one that doesn't fit their agenda

So every time police go into someone's home and they find their guns, it's assumed they were masterminding an evil plan to cause mass murder and mayhem?  Specially if they owned a .22lr Colt M4 Ops or similar?

30 years old and still in college... heck I would shot myself too! School officials couldn't tell a mentally unstable person from a stable one even if he jump off the roof on their cars!

Another nut with a gun and a plan for a mass killing.Glad the Psycho offed himself before any innocent people were killed. Good job by the police.

a 22 rifle is considered "tactical??"   roflmao!

Just because a person is antisocial doesn't mean they are going to go around shooting up or blowing up others. I am antisocial but I know better than to go around hurting others and wind up in prison or dead.

I think they are trying to put more into this then what went down.if he was hell bent on killing people he would have done so and the cops would not be a deterrent to his planned action to kill other people.and a couple of hundred rounds of ammunition.that is 1 box of 45 and 3 of 22s everybody has that.

Saved us all the cost of a trial

Why is the cop holding up a cartoon pic of the gun and not the bomb????

The media is a joke how they twist words to blow something out of proportion. 100's of rounds of ammo? That's one box of 22's. A tactical 22 rifle? Maybe a competition 22 with a bull barrel at best. Next thing you know someone with a pocket knife will get picked up and headlines will say "A man weilding a sword."

I just found a tree branch outside - a.k.a. a reinforced tactical anti-personal offensive weapon.

A Ruger 10/22 "tactical weapon"? Well it DOES make it sound more "military-style," doesn't it?

His roommate and a quick, decisive response from the police averted this disaster.Was he shouting Allah Akbar?

So now a .22 is a "tactical" rifle? Ask the military if they want to go into combat with a .22. The media is blowing anything to do with guns out of proportion to fit their liberal agenda.

OK, enough is enough. I don't care who I offend, so I'm just gonna say it.The "crazy people" look F'ing CRAZY!!!Why can no one pick up on this and report a "crazy person finding" and we can start preventing these tragedies?

"Hundreds of rounds of ammunition"? That would be 4 boxes of .22s.

any recent visits to Somalia?, sure looks like the right type

Another liberal Democrat with a gun......

One more time for the slow folks. The use of the word TACTICAL RIFLE is what the manufacture of this weapon USE to MARKET it.American-Tech tactical .22 rifleIts appearance is NO ACCIDENT and the use of the term TACTICAL is also NO ACCIDENT. Its designed to appeal to a certain mentality of purchaser who wants a weapon that looks like a military style weapon but doesnt have the wallet to actually afford a weapon with real fire power or the money to afford the brass to load it with.

where is Harold?

So now it's "tactical rifle"?  That's the new propaganda?

30 years old and living in a college dorm? Strange.Jajajaja I don't buy this anymore. Did u noticed that all of those home grown terrorists always pop out during the gun issues or when we are about to invade some country?

Sure looks Muslim to me. Another one of Oslamas "BOYS".

.22-caliber tactical rifle no such thing

Oh well another dead pedophile!!!!!! Who cares, just glad he got to meet his maker before he hurt others!!!!

A 22 caliber rifle is NOT a tactical weapon.  Oh, I get it; the gun LOOKED threatening so, that makes it tactical!!!!!  When are these reporters going to get a brain?  Guns have been in the news for the last several months, plenty of time for a reporter who is serious about his career to educate himself on the topic of guns.  But, they choose to remain ignorant.  Why do we continue to give them our time????????

Oh look, another middle eastern dip#$%$.  These ash wholes need to be kicked out of the country.  No more education visas to anyone from a muslim country.

So a lot of rabbits were in danger then.

Kudos to the fast response of the police!

We must BAN students &amp; Campuses so this will NEVER Happen AGAIN!!!

Gee, it looks like having armed police at schools isn't such a bad idea after all.  Sorry, moonbats.He was in American studying on a VISA thanks to Obama!

I have a 22 cal tactical weapon right here in my pocket.  What the hell does this stupid media know about anything?  Thank God this DBag did the right thing and didn't hurt inocent others.

".22-caliber tactical rifle"There's a new one for you. A .22 caliber rifle sounds so....small, but a TACTICAL rifle, now that's deadly as all get out.Next thing your know they'll find some guy with a "covert" pellet gun.

Another wacked "Duck" in a country full of them.

sounds under-medicated

Dear yahoo writer, ".22-caliber tactical rifle" is for hunting very small game. Trying to make it sound bigger by using the word tactical will only frighten a rabbit. Police A+, Yahoo D-.

I am NOT a member of the NRA, but for ANYONE to say that the NRA is FOR mass killing is a truly a pathetic statement and a lie. NO law abiding association wants violence of this type to happen anywhere - How does it benefit them? But I understand people will say anything just to get THEIR POINT across even though what they say is just not true. By the way, a thumbs down would be coming from people believing in lies. Because for them to actually believe that the NRA is for this type violence is totally unjustified. Scream anything, say anything.. maybe something will stick. Right?

He's got M B D I's

Where is this Psyco from ?

@James  who  writes: "A tactical .22. Hmmmm...."I  believe the  term TACTICAL  has  to  do  with the  physical  design  of  the  weapon  James  not  its  fire power.As someone   else  put it   its  the  Fisher  Price  version  of  a  real   weapon designed  for   people  who   want  a   sort of  macho  looking   weapon  without paying  the  price  for  one..22 tactical? really? now they are just adding words on to stuff to try and sound more frightening i mean really... come on.

Geee....a college education is getting down right dangerous!

His name appears Islamic at least foreign, maybe not, but a true journalist would do a little background research and provide such information to the reader.  Believe if he were a McVey type, an American white male, every sentence would offer some reference to his race, ethnicity, and/or religion.  Our agenda based liberal government media complex which yahoo is a member, attempt to hide such information when the bad guy is a non-white American.

Why do these crazy students always want to kill other students?  Either they are jealous or what?  It is tough to go to school sometimes when you never know which student is mentally ill. This is why I'm working on an online free university so students can learn at home and get a degree for free. MyHumanity dotorg will try to offer free college education one day in the near future.

another commentor said it was a Ruger 10/22. The dreaded SEMI-AUTO strikes again:well almost....For you non shooters out there,a Ruger 10/22 is a semi-auto in caliber.22 long rifle that has a 10 shot detachable magazine. used for killing squirells and beer cans here in texas.

MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE strikes again!!!!!

Interesting, about foreign language names. In Hinduism you have 3 Entities, Brahma 'the Creator', Vishnu 'the Preserver', and Siva 'the Destroyer'. I don't know what Seevakumaran means though, maybe 'The Destroyer Kumquat'.

Doesn't he look like he was a nice young man....

22 caliber rifle an assualt rifle? Maybe for squirrels.

"We think the rapid response of law enforcement may have changed his ability to think quickly on his feet."1) Law enforcement got lucky when he didn't whack the first kid he pulled a pistol on.2) Looking at his mug shot I doubt he could think quickly at all, on his feet or otherwise. Look at his eyes -- the wheel ain't turnin' 'cause the hamster's dead. My only question is how many pschyc drugs was he on?Glad to see him dead. It brings joy to my heart.

A .22 ? Must have wanted to massacre squirrels ?

What's really scary is all the Repubs running around this board trying to leverage this psychos actions for their agenda based on nothing.. No wonder you people lost. You'll keep losing too...idiots

The name is not middle eastern or muslim. He is Tamil either from India or Sri Lanka. Most definietly not Muslim. Maybe he just wanted to be famous and thought of a good way to kill himself and nobody else. If so, it worked. Apparently the net has has had a huge number of hits on the name  Seevakumaran.

We both lie silently still in the dead of the nightAlthough we both lie close together, we feel miles apart insideWas it something I said or something I did? Did my words not come out right?Though I tried not to hurt you, though I tried but I guess that's why they sayEvery rose has its thornJust like every night has its dawnJust like every cowboy sings his sad, sad songEvery rose has its thorn, yeah it doesI listen to our favorite song playing on the radioHear the DJ say, "Love's a game of easy come, and easy go"But I wonder does he know, has he ever felt like thisAnd I know that you'd be here right now if I could have let you know somehow I guessEvery rose has its thornJust like every night has its dawnJust like every cowboy sings his sad, sad songEvery rose has its thornThough it's been a while now, I can still feel so much painLike a knife that cuts you, the wound heals but the scar, that scar remainsI know I could have saved a love that night if I'd known what to sayInstead of makin' love, we both made our separate waysAnd now I hear you found somebody new and that I never meant that much to youTo hear that tears me up inside and to see you cuts me like a knife, I guessEvery rose has its thornJust like every night has its dawnJust like every cowboy sings his sad, sad songEvery rose has its thorn

His suicide could have been prevented with tighter gun laws.

Another liberal nutcase out to prove a point...

He could no longer attend classes because he couldn't pay his tuition. Apparently he freaked out over it.

What a mug, and thankful the first and only one he shot was himself!

OK a 30 year old "college student"?"Student visas" are how the 9/11 hijackers got here!Is this guy an "Islamo-Anarchist"?, here to destroy the "infidels"?The media waited a long time to release his name and photo.Most 30 year old college students are called "doctor"...Anyone notice that most of these sickos are on their way out of college?

Tomorrow there will be another bill before congress to ban all back packs and bombs.

He put a bullet in his head instead of killing innocent people.......finally someone did the right thing.

Suicidal with a vendetta, not pretty but UCF was lucky he was more depressed than he was deranged.  Can we get a realistic national discussion about mental health going?  It has become a very dangerous elephant in the room.

Don't worry. As soon as we make bombs illegal, this kind of thing will never happen again.

Hundreds of rounds and an "assault rifle" = .22 LR [long rifle] and a box of bullets from Wal Mart.  Ignorance is not always bliss, especially with an uninformed media.

Kudos to the police for the quick response. Glad nobody was hurt that shouldn't have been. I'm also glad that there aren't countless family members mourning over the loss of their loved ones because of this disturbed person. People, if you feel like you want to do something like this, PLEASE SEEK HELP!!!!

good deal....now if the rest of the nut jobs in this country would follow suit and off themselves too!

GOOD NEWS, WE NEED MORE GOOD NEWS LIKE THIS, KEEP KILLING YOURSELVES CRIMINALS    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Age 30 and living in the dorms?  That's odd...And... since when does a fire alarm pulled at a dorm room warrent a response form a "tactical unit " with machine guns???

I have heard rumors, that reading a certain holy book, may cause erratic behavior.

The article doesn't make clear exactly how the police responded so soon. I mean, did the perp fall down the stairs? Did his guns jam? If he was present to ring the alarm how could the police get there before he worked his carnage? Anyway, it had a happy ending. Speak only good of the dead. It's good that he's dead. May he roast in peace.

We need to ban Collage students.

He looks Muslim/Democrat to me.Considering every Assassination and attempt, every mass shooting, most every violent offender, are all Democrats and/or Muslim.

A 30 years old living in a dorm room with 18 - 19 year olds?  Most adult men wouldn't want to live that way.  Obviously, this dude wasn't wired right.

Does a 30 year old living in a dorm bother anyone else?  Kinda creepy?

a subcontinental terrorist....from india

So because other people with guns were showing up quickly he decided not to start shooting en mass.

"His roommates told detectives that he had shown antisocial behavior." Once again a madman with an anti-social attitude. There has to be a connection.Lets see he enrolled in 2010 and was never was seen by university counselors? I think if they want you to go through a mental evaluation for a gun, they might consider one for attending a university.

"UCF" aka You Can't Finish is why he was 30 living in the dorms.

â€œI do not believe in taking away the right of the citizen for sporting, for hunting and so forth, or for home defense. But I do believe that an AK-47, a machine gun, is not a sporting weapon or needed for defense of a home.â€--Ronald Reagan, in a speech at his 78th birthday celebration in Los Angeles on February 6, 1989.

30, in his dorm room?

Where's the report that he overstayed his visa? or that he's one of those "peaceful" disciples of Islam? or that he worked the system to get government assistance? Was he an illegal alien Muslim milking the great welfare state? Possible facts the mainstream media doesn't want you to know.

its over and no one got hurt except for the kid who killed himself....its possible he just couldn't go through with killing anyone else too.. IDK but there is a more serious problem here than just one crazy student with a gun; these kids are feeling some sort of insane crazy pressure and its developed into the wish to harm or kill their peers before they kill themselves. This is becoming nothing short of a phenomena in this country, and I think we all deserve to know why; and to have that why studied and explored further. The #$%$ I keep hearing about violent video games and movies is total #$%$ TOTAL #$%$! That's not it, these kids are not dealing with their problem this way because of the video games they play GD IT!! I think it has to do with the problems themselves. I think racism, bullying, socio economic middle disapearing over night are all leads in the right direction...I really think these kids are tired of being laughed at by kids who have it easier than them, whether that be socially or economically; which are hand in hand in this country and the rest of the world. Yes, they def. are not dealing with that pressure the right way, only because they obviously don't have the tools to deal with that type of pressure. Our country's children don't have any role models to look to; We've lost that special thing where the old teach their spiritual values to the young.....or even some sort of rites of passage for kids to become to adults. Going to college is not a rite of passage...I really think we've lost something so much more sacred than we know. This isn't just some crazy kid trying to shoot other kids because he's nuts....its something else now, they are telling us they feel completely hopeless!! Is this how a society falls? Is this what an ancient societys last days were like? The youth feel that the culture is so out of touch and hopeless that they feel theres only one thing to do? I hope others find this as serious as I do.

It's wonderful that no students were killed by this nut  However, I'm still trying to understand HOW a 30 year old was able to move into a shared room in an on-campus college dorm.  How weird is that?

A 30 yr old living in the dorm???Sounds like another wacko that "fell through the cracks"!!!Thank goodness nobody was injured or hurt!

What if a civilian carried around a police uniform to change into it under just such circumstances so that a would be attacker would shoot himself in the head?I think if you could get around a corner you should yell to him in your most authoritative voice, "This is the police! We have you surrounded! Drop your weapon or we will open fire!"Sure it's a bluff, but it's definitely worth a shot.

Clearly backpacks and college campuses need to be banned. One can only hope our politicians will jump on this for more legislation.Why doesn't Yahoo mention that he was MUSLIM???!

"Seevakumaran" Really? He should have been shot just for his name. These rag head Camel humpers have been infiltrating the universities for many years. They came in with their families and simply disappeared to reappear later as "students" enrolled in our government funded illegal alien education programs- plotting this kind of mayhem all along.

This guy looks like a Muslim and his name sounds like Muslim origin.

"Seevakumaran" Sounds Thai not Arab. And a 22 "Tactical Rifle"? Seriously? Who wrote this garbage?

look at that face...   why would you ever not trust that guy??   no need for a background check...

A 30 yr old still living in the dorm with 18-22 yr olds is a good clue hes not too stable

Thanks for killing yourself, loser!

For ONCE, one of these toilet bugs did the killings in the correct order.

It's not easy to prove that you're innocent when you have so much prohibited weaponry in your own room.

There must be a GOD!killed himself first. SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET

The only thing missing in the article was to describe him as white/Hispanic or white/?

If the campus would allow weapons,not sure if this one does but the roommate could have possibly stopped it also ahead of time buy putting a bullet in his head!!!!

Seevakumaran is a Sri Lankan name.  Was this crazy POS an American citizen?  I think not.

He's gone, nothing to see here. Crisis averted. Move on. Oh, but I forget..the news media won't let this die for day's, and day's, and day's simply because he had 2 guns.

"22 caliber tactical rifle"-hahahahahahahaha. I'm surprised he didn't call it an "assault weapon"! The media sux.

Good thing we got this uncovered before anyone was harmed.

Yet another nutcase with a gun. When is this country going to get rid of the nuts???

The national news made a big deal about having a 22 cal. tactical rifle. Highlights on tactical... Never mind that it is one step above a BB gun. I don't know if they are just ignorant of what guns really are or if they have an agenda.

Let me guess, an avid gamer who has an obsession with death, more than likely inner city and never fired a gun in his life. He probably spent his late nights surfing the web in search of others with twisted control fantasies while spanking the monkey to porn....30 yrs old?  Too old to be in a college dorm anyway.

lets just ban everything.

More anti gun propaganda.  There is nothing tactical about a .22 cal LR.  If it looks like a AR then it must be tactical.  Gimme a break.

Once again the SCARE tactics by the media and government. A .22-caliber "tactical rifle" Say what? A .22 WHAT? On ABC Nightly News, with Diane Sawyer, they called it a .22 Caliber ASSAULT Rifle! (STILL THINK THEY ARE NOT GOING FOR THE BIG GUN GRAB?)Here we go again... another criminal James Oliver Seevakumaran, 30yrs old going to college. (Muslim perhaps?) But for the grace of God is caught by a 21 year old roommate.From ABC news: "The explosives could have caused catastrophic results." (What kill a whole lot of children?)"The school was in the process of removing Seevakumaran from the dormitory because he hadn't enrolled for the current semester." (Maybe he knew there would be no school next semester)"Detectives found notes and other writings that indicated Seevakumaran had carefully planned an attack and laid out a timeline of where he was going to be and what he was going to do, Beary said."The episode began early Monday, just after midnight, when "Seevakumaran pulled a gun on one of his roommates, who holed up in a bathroom and called police, Beary said. Around the same time, Seevakumaran pulled a fire alarm, apparently to get other students out in the open, the police chief said."Now let's hear from all the loony tunes about Banning Bombs/Explosives and Muslims in this country!

WHAT NATION WAS THE NUT FROM

One more time for the slow folks. The use of the word TACTICAL RIFLE is what the manufacture of this weapon USE to MARKET it.American-Tech tactical .22 rifleIts appearance is NO ACCIDENT and the use of the term TACTICAL is also NO ACCIDENT. Its designed to appeal to a certain mentality of purchaser who wants a weapon that looks like a military style weapon but doesnt have the wallet to actually afford a weapon with real fire power or the money to afford the brass to load it with.

Another plant by the goverment to take guns away. I don't put nothing past this adminiastration and I don't even have a gun.

Look on top of every news article that is who sponsored the story ... Ask that company if the support descent on the story they sponsor

Probably the most intelligent democrat voter there was. He should get a Nobel Peace Prize for killing himself

Very unhappy dude and his eyes are too close together.... Now does he look like a Legal gun-owning American citizen.... I think not and I think you'll have to agree with me. The boy needs some help or needs to be locked up for a very long time.He was probably thinking 12 years of liberal education and he doesn't know anything but diversity, weed and being a eunuch guardian of homosexual rights .. no real world survival skills.  Just another thinking their open minded getting a slap in the face with reality

One  more  time  for  the  slow  folks.  The   use  of  the  word   TACTICAL  RIFLE  is   what  the  manufacture of   this  weapon  USE  to  MARKET  it.American-Tech tactical .22 rifleIts  appearance  is  NO  ACCIDENT   and  the   use  of  the term  TACTICAL  is  also  NO  ACCIDENT.  Its  designed  to  appeal  to  a  certain  mentality  of  purchaser  who  wants  a   weapon  that looks  like  a military  style  weapon  but  doesnt  have  the  wallet  to  actually  afford  a  weapon  with  real  fire  power  or  the money  to  afford  the  brass  to  load it  with.

four questions: 1. How did he make explosives with out anyone smelling any of the chemicals? 2. How did the swat team get there so quick when it was only a fire alarm that went off? 3. how did he get an assault rifle on campus with out anyone seeing? 4. if he had the guns with him how did they find them in his room? ("In his room, investigators found four makeshift explosive devices in a backpack, a .45-caliber handgun, a .22-caliber tactical rifle")

We were about due for another one, what with Finklestein's Folly going down to defeat.

Roommate; Dand dude you weird with all those bombs and bullets oass the joint.

How about tactical pencils? Did he have any of those?  Joker offed a heavy with one.....

Anyone notice that these nut jobs always have a similar "I'm a whacko" facial expression in these articles?

I'm nothing close to a gun person, but even I know that a .22 isn't any kind of assault rifle.  People hunt squirrels and rabbits with them.

Was he on drugs ! Google, school shootings and drugs, you will find most shootings in the gun free zones by young people were on doctor prescribed drugs like Prozac, Ritalin, Luvox, Zoloft, and Paxil,lets address the real problems

He looks like another one of those peace loving Muslims.How is a .22 tactical? I learned to shoot on a .22 long rifle. All it's good for is target practice, or squirel hunting if you are into that sort of thing.

A .22 caliber "tactical" rifle??? Please explain. oh left wing media gods..Oh, a squirrel gun in scary black clothing..got it.Did y'all notice if he had any "assault" slingshots?

I think that is an Indian name.  I don't think there are many Muslims in India.  I think this kid was just messed up.  Doubt it was a terrorist thing.

So is my .177 tactical rifle considered an Anti Air gun?

22 CAL TACTILE RIFLE.  What B.S.  Probably a 10 22.  Leave it to the press to blow up the issue further then it really was.  It was bad enough, but let's stick to the facts!................Taz

Rather than try to explain to all the anti-gun idiots out there individually here are the facts. The biggest mass murders are state sponsored. Mostly upon unarmed citizens. (Stalin. Mau,Pol-pot Kim JongTwatnot etc) There are crazies everywhere. I have driven for over 4 decades and never got a ticket. I think using borrowed logic that everyone with a speeding ticket should be relieved of their vehicle and should have to pay for someone else to drive the. Because cars and speeding kills 100x more people annually than firearms violence. So if you have a speeding ticket on your record you should be prevented from owning a car, just in case... to save our kids... (please opine with insults and character assasination as your liberal agenda trains when confronted with having to form your own opinion based on facts and logic instead of idiotic indoctrination)

Funny how first reports were that he had an "assault rifle" and now its a .22 caliber rifle. The media has officially succeeded in its' brainwashing of the nation into a fear-response to the word "assault rifle" and they will use it to sway public opinion in every article that has to do with firearms. Do yourself a favor and don't be one of the feeble-minded ones who are controlled by the media and feed into this nonsense. Citizens can't own actual assault-rifles and haven't been since the automatic weapons ban in the 1930's.

Good decision. Kill himself first before start killing others, not the other way around.

My buddy commented to me the other day that we as a nation are screwed because the Government can pass any bill it wants to!Simply because no one pays attention anymore...I just read a comment by a "Yahoo" user that commented on this guys eyes and suggested that he should be "imprisoned!"     HE'S DEAD!BUDDY YOU'RE RIGHT! I APOLOGIZE!WE'RE SO SCREWED!DEAD!   SHOT IN THE HEAD.......DEAD!DEAD!

Every thing is a tactical rifle to the libs....He has to be conected to the Muslim faith, they love killing themselves---their animals!!!

Think quickly on his feet?  Does this creep look like he could do anything quickly, especially think?  So glad he's dead.

Education sometimes blows your mind away I suppose....

You can tell he was mentally ill just by looking at his face

Every school now could be a victim from these crazy mentally ill people. It is like a sitting duck for students going to school. I fear for my young daughter because of what I'm seeing daily. It could happen any time and any day.

explosives ??? fireworks? A .22 caliber "tactical rifle".... roflmao... seriously ? wow such drama for nothing

He was mad because he was cross eyed.

Beautiful story.  No VICTIMS.

He shot the right guy!

Well at least he did the right thing, he shot himself first!!!is it just me or does all of mass murderers and potential mass murderers have that mad insane look in these line up like photos

Another Muslim???

Interesting that the AP hasn't mentioned his Muslim connections for Jihad.

Another idiot with a gun, probably a legal gun owner too.

22-caliber tactical rifle  lol   When did the seal or swat teams start using 22lr ?

As a Florida resident and a UCF student I'm glad this maniac didn't get far in his plan.  What a coward and a loser.

When did all these violent school issues change radically? I recall a little known event at The U. of Iowa, about 1991. 5 physics professors, a graduate student, an accounting employee murderd, one paralyzed for life by another graduate student who killed himself. This happend 22 yearr ago - the U of Texas Tower with the sniper but this happened long ago. Plenty since.

He wasn't of Anglo-Saxon heritage??!!!

The episode began early Monday, just after midnight, when Seevakumaran pulled a gun on one of his roommates, who holed up in a bathroom and called police,Why wasn't he arrested?  He pulled a gun on a roommate.

VeRy NiCe OuTcOmE InDeEd!!!I am so glad that this story had a good ending!!!  He shot himself before he could hurt innocent people!  Another crazy who had murder in his mind!  Congress is not talking about locking up these crazies!!!  Instead, they want to ban guns from law abbiding citizens and make citizens out of illegal aliens!!!

I applaud this young man. Thank you for killing your useless self and not innocent victims. Maybe if we build a memorial to this loser, others will do the same and take their own lives instead of creating carnage.

he was sick he need help

Any doubt that we need assualt weapons to fight back against these people who come here to do these things. Single shot weapons don't cut it. They have ill intentions and there is no way we should treat them like they deserve anything othe than getting cut in half!!!

Seevakumaran.... Another foreigner.

Hmmm. "hundreds of rounds" of .22's?

For all those considering murder-suicide, please start with suicide first...

Bitchen!

looking at his picture he sure looks scary

"James Oliver Seevakumaran, 30, was found dead in his dorm room at the 51,000-student Orlando campus of the University of Central Florida.""30" year old living i the dorms? I hope this is graduate school housng!!So what knee jerk bill that they are passing would have avoided this. No medical background, no assult weapon, he may even have registered the guns when he purchased them, since they know he started his purchases in Feb. At the end of the day this was avoided by quick police response.

A gun in a Gun Free Zone ?  I am shocked !

Someone's ignorance is showing.

I will bet the anti-gunners &amp; Obama feel bad to have lost an opportunity to attack 22 rifles &amp; auto pistols--BIG BUMMER

I'm glad this nutcase offed himself before he had the chance to harm any people.

Very glad that nobody was injured from him. I feel bad for his parents that are suffering from his actions.

No really the truth is he was going somewhere else and and the gov knows it, if you ask me washington is on borrowed time, people are tired of it.

The explosives and 45 caliber handgun are the weapons of concern here, but the media will focus on the 22 tactical, a rifle for targets at best.

A false flag attack in the making.

My niece goes to that college, and I have thanked God that she and all the others are ok.This is just another example of how cowards will go to gun free zones, because they knowthat nobody will return fire.