In the Arab/ muslim world ( and don't twist your nickers about the few arab christians etc ) it is understood that only the hawks prevail . The doves can never win . The best the doves can hope for is to escape ,,,,,temporarily . Israel understands this . The US gov. does not . In that part of the world  If you don't want to get eaten , you must be a hawk .

Barak was too dovish. This man seems to be tougher. We will see.

Selected JUST IN TIME for President Obama's visit.  A critical selection I would think.  I may betime to begin discussing how Israel can benefit the US by redesigning defense assets that havebecome outdated/outmoded.  This it has done in the past but it appears that the pentagon hasbeen falling flat in managing recent contracts.  The Israelis can do it better.

How many more wars will the USA fight on proxy for Israel?Let's avoid foreign entanglements as President George Washington suggested.Let's get out of the middle east - and the rest of the world and leave them alone!  We are not, neither should we be, the policemen of the world.

They sure eat well!

Nice to be among the voices of reason commenting herebefore the Jew Hating Freight Train Express led by Epic(pucker)Phactor arrives !!Yaalon IS a wise choice....much better than who we chose to be our Defense Secretary.

I wonder who Iran would give a nuclear bomb to?  Hamas, Al Qaeda, Ansar  Al-Islam or ... ?  Then where would that bomb by used; Israel, Europe, New York City or ... ?Or would Iran use the  nuclear bomb on ... ?

Why would you put a guy who job is to send people to war, in charge of Defense?

A brother Khazar, not a jew.  Who would have thought.

Yaalon was absolutely correct when he opposed Israel's withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.Zzzzzzzz....

is becoming more and more obvious that obama continues to give iran room to develop its nuke program. mean while bebe is showing more and more the inability to take on the iranians on their home ground. would it be politically a sound move to let iran give a dirty bomb to hamas/ hezbollah and then use it on an israeli city?  this would be political cover to just nuke the bejeesus out of iran, gaza and southern lebanon with small tactical nukes in revenge?  but, lots of innocents are going to pay in that scenario.

You do not mess with the Zohan!

We need to make it perfectly clear that the United States is not going to commit our young men and women in a war in the middle east that was precipitated by Nutanyahu's sabre rattling.

Wouldn't the correct title be "Offense Minister" ?

♪♪Shalom Yaalon♪♪

War criminal must be arrested and executed at once.Hague

So what is the surprise!!! Zionist Israel remains America's biggest liability.

Tough Israel. Safe Israel. Strong Israel. An Israel that can negotiate with its enemies for Peace with a firm hand.

No better guy to be defense minister!Ju den going down.

The battle is the Lords.  Jesus is the king of kings and lord of all.  Watch for the rumbling in the trees.  Its almost time.

The defense minister of Israel must always be a very strong person with tough military credentials. Israel is an island of civility that exists in an ocean of barbarism.

Another right-wing thug joining a government of right-wing thugs, all trying to make time and history stand still......but time and history will not stand still !!!  nutanyahoo and his cabal are marching israel into a new dark age !

On better guy to be defens minister

As long as there is this  devilish religion of islam, that calls for the destruction of israel  , israel wil never be safe,    see the movie fitna   made by Geert wilders , (U-tube)

"defence before diplomacy" - Having visited that tiny country called Israel, surrounded by huge hostile territories, countries, and people, I get that.

It is best to gas stray squatter dogs, the final solution gets nearer every year. Heil Hitler

Israeli zionist cannt strike on Iran its own ,thats y they pressurize Obama  ministry .Israeli lack of  power against Iran ,terrorists israeli regime We are in very dangerous times and Israel is terrorising Iran by saying it will attack Iran's nuclear plants. This is so irresponsible as the radiological particles released combined with desert sands will turn the Middle East into a massive Chernobyl. Netanyahu is a psycho and must be sacked/removed immediately. Just look at the birth defects in Fallujah. This will effect Israel too, in fact the whole Middle East will be a Chernobyl. .