Pretty disgusting story.

The AP author of this article leaves out one important fact.  Five other workers have already been convicted of murder at the clinic.  Meanwhile the reporter in Philly who covered the story described the clinic as a "House of Horrors."  There is simply no defense for a man who made millions of dollars destroying lives.

Hello Satan. We need to reserve the hottest room in the basement.

I am pro choice, but this guy deserves whatever he gets. He's not a doctor. There is a limit to freedom of choice, and the women should be prosecuted as well. If you are going to terminate a pregnancy, you need to do it in a timely manner, not during the third trimester. Stupid, ugly, and wrong.

I thought legalized abortion was supposed to put a stop to this kid of butchery.

Of course the attorney is going to cry racism - that is the rallying cry of those today who refuse to take responsibility for something they have done. You all ain't prosecuting me because I am a murderer, you are prosecuting me because I am black. Shut up already!

Gosnell is a sick gross excuse for a human being. Anyone who thinks that slaughtering a 30 week old baby (which is viable outside the womb) is okay is a monster.

Doctor? NO....Butcher?  YES

If it's killed outside or in the womb, it's still murder.  It's being killed.  That means it was alive.  It's human, not a tree.

Mr. Gosnell isn't a doctor. Doctors take an oath to 'Do no harm".Oh yes....the accused is black, so the prosecution MUST be RACIST!  It couldn't possibly be that he's actually GUILTY!Slimy lawyers who throw racism into the case to cloud the waters should be disbarred.

i guess moving and crying doesnt mean one is alive.  this guy is a demon that preyed upon poor people. i wouldnt be surprised if he is found to be a cannibal too

What part of a fetus is not a human at an early stage of development.

"The standard practice here was to slay babies. That's what they did,"That is what abortion is, murdering babiesPlanned Parenthood and other abortion mills do it every day in this country

This Kermit Gosnell guy is just another ghoul as was George Tiller. He enriched himself by butchering women and the unborn. Hopefully he will be incarcerated for the remainder of his life, which should prevent the Scott Roeder's of the world from wasting a perfectly good bullet.

Strap him to a gurney and let some of his patients perform vivisection (living autopsy) on him.

No matter what your stance on abortion is: Everyone who has been born has been glad that their mother chose the life option.

55 MILLION Babies have been aborted since Roe v. Wade. 3,767 per DAY in the U.S. alone. More than 99% of all of them have NOTHING to do with the life of the mother, rape or incest. These are the CDC and Planned Parenthood's OWN Numbers! Do you think they would skew their own data?Abortions due to rapes represent about 0.2% of the total number of abortions in the U.S.Abortions due to incest represent about 0.5% of the total number of abortions in the U.S.Life of mother: Pregnancy related mortality rate for the mother is 0.0118% per pregnancy. Even if every one of these resulted in an abortion, these cases would represent about 0.05% of the total number of abortions performed.Conclusion: This is a statistically insignificant part of the problem.A 1987 to 1988 Survey reveals the Reasons why women got abortions that year:25.9% Want to postpone childbearing.21.3% Cannot afford a baby14.1% Has relationship problem or partner does not want pregnancy12.2% Too young; parent(s) or other(s) object to pregnancy10.8% Having a child will disrupt education or job7.9% Want no (more) children3.3% Risk to fetal health2.8% Risk to maternal health2.1% OtherThe TOP 7 ways in which Americans have died or have been killed since Jan. 01, 2012 are these:1 - Tobacco related Deaths 504,6332 - Medical Errors 186,0183 - Alcohol Abuse 102,4534 - Vehicle Accidents 40,0655 - Suicide 27,9986 - Drug Abuse 24,3257 - Firearm Homicide 10,329There were 504,000 people who DIED from Tobacco use this year in the U.S. There are 9 MILLION Children that are exposed to toxic "second hand smoke" each year. There were 40,000 people killed violently in Automobile Crashes.

late term abortions are wrong....that is a fully developed fetus. That late in the game they should deliver and give up for adoption. Backroom abortions have killed many women thru out history. Why did they not get early one at a clinic safely?

This is how an abortion mill works. Volume, volume, volume.  There is about as much care and precision as was needed to get them into the stir-ups and out the door. When volume was good, they'd pay for extra dumpster service.He looks like he should be raking yards not wombs.

The left wants to curtail the rights of law abiding citizens regarding gun ownership because (they say) it will save the lives of innocent children, yet they keep right on advocating abortion as a woman's right.  Hypocritical?  No, its down right pernicious as is the fact that Obama voted down a measure that said babies that servive abortions must be given life saving treatment; our country is lead by a (many) reprobate(s).

Boy the picture of the Dr,. does not make him look black.

If the allegations are true then throw the book at him.

Choose life.

This guy is no different than a mass murderer.Abortion is murder,period.

Honestly I am sorry but let's get one thing straight these woman are just as guilty as the doctors for searching out someone who would do a third term abortion without any legal ability to do so. The prosecution is treating it like these woman who he would treat had no choice like they were forced to do it, they searched him out not the other way around. Here is an idea stick to the case the lady and the babies not the other woman he has treated because they chose to find him and have there fetuses aborted.

If ending the lives of thousands of unborn babies is not killing, then he is innocent.

If a fetus dies in the uterus because it's mom was in a car accident or was assaulted, etc., , the police and lawyers can consider the fetus as a human being and go after the person who caused it's death, on manslaughter charges .  But if a fetus is aborted during the 3rd trimester,  it's considered to be non-human because it's in the uterus and, therefore, can be killed by a doctor.  It's "home" (uterus) doesn't change.  What changes is that the scenario concerning it's  life/death determines whether it is human or not.

Seven babies?  He must of been doing that many everyday.why is it considered murder if the baby is killed outside the womb but a fetus is killed inside the womb and that is ok? the abortion and or murder could be only seconds apart...

This is the most hypocritical situation I've ever seen. The babies were out of the birth canal. so you can't kill them. But as long as that head is still in, it's o.k. What's the stinking difference?! It's a live baby either way!!And these women were pure idiots who thought they could go above the law. I have very little sympathy for them.

Wow. Trying to play the race card in this one.

Woman's Choice?  Don't have sex.  Ask the baby if it wants to keep on living.  It's not cancer.

How's that freedom of "choice" (woman should be allowed to do what she wants with her body, unless she's a prostitute, of course) . . .how's that working out???? And how's that legal partial birth abortion working out, where a baby is "partially born" . . .bring it's head out then stick a screw driver in it's head and suck it's brain out . . .freedom of choice!!!!!!! That's what the "freedom of choice" people DON'T want apathetic people to see or hear about . . so they use "soft" compassionate labels for it . . . who would deprive a poor little battered, discriminated against woman her "choice" lol . . it's still baby killers, no matter how you slice it, dice it and package it.

Liberals hate this news, they call it choice,not killing a baby.  Truth hurts

I am Pro Life.. the only time I can see a medical abortion is if.. the mother's life is endangered by carrying the unborn fetus.. in which case both would die.. If this is not the circumstance then I am against abortion of any kind. Too many women are lazy and ignorant.. birth control is available. at clinics it is free.. yet they continue to get pregnant without a thought being totally careless.. How amoral does our society need to be? conceive and kill children without a second thought.. it sickens me.. Ladies do your duty.. take the pill!!!!!!! stop killing innocents.

The face of Liberalism.

Sounds like Murder to me!  Nothing to do with race.

Fetus is the Greek word for baby. Why are unborn children Greek until their born???How I long to be young and innocent, back to the time when I did not notice the wicked  deeds that people committ! bill5153

Yep, when all else fails, bring out the race card! Works everytime!

the abortionist knew what he was doing, God have mercy.

Disgusting and illegal. He should be punished to the full extent of the law. Those who seek to ban abortion should realize that this will allow illegal operations like this to proliferate

All unborn  humans should be afforded a public defender to see if their crimes merrit execution!

Shouldn't these aborted babies be given a trial with a public defender Before they are executed, for their crimes?  Now, what laws did they break?

Flash forward, her meeting the soul of her child she was having killed.That would be awkward.

Assault weapons are abortion clinics.  Millions have died in them.  Hitler would be proud.

Yet the "pro-choicers" say this type of thing would only happen if abortion were illegal.

"Police found $250,000 in cash during a 2010 search of his home, Assistant District Attorney Joanne Pescatore told jurors."Putting aside the other charges for the moment...  it seems the Prosecutor here trying to say keeping large sums of cash around means you're a criminal.I don't know about what God thinks, but I am totally disgusted with the human species! We are truly born into evil! bill5153

They should put every doctor on criminal trial when they kill a patient, not just an abortion doctor.    That would equate to over 13,000 prosecutions per year!!  Currently Doctors DO NOT get prosecuted (typically) when they kill you!!!!!!!!!!

This story is very sick and disturbing. I wouldn't be surprised though if more stories like this come out due to the publicity. I would be willing to bet there are "nurses" reading this article that are in this type of situation on a daily basis. My  hope is that they make the right choice and report what is happening. While I feel killing a baby outside of the womb is no different than killing it inside the womb, we have to start somewhere.

Pretty horrible don't you think?Its just as horrible to the younger fetuses.But wait thats the legal ones I forgot.

The defense attorney should be cited for contempt of court. Insulting the Court by using the race card and calling the prosecution a "lynching" should be the grounds. By definition, a lynching was outside of the legal system.

Disgusting evil murders! Hell is waiting and those who murder innocent babies deserve what you get! bill5153

So, does a "proper" abortion clinic make it more safe for the human baby in the womb, that is about to be killed?

There is no good answer to the abortion problem.  Damned if you do, damned if you don't.

jesus thinks your a jerk....

With abortion being legal, at least his clinic and others like his keeps women from having to prowl back alleys to find someone to stick rusty coat hangers up them to abort. That is a big benefit and a big relief for women who want to kill their babies without using rusty coat hangers. lolYeah, I killed babies and women, but I am black you racists!

another story for "American Greed"

Knew him as a resident MD.  He was discusting then and it doesn't surprise me that he is still discusting.

I think this doctor is guilty-  of performing an abortion  because of money,money, money...  He didn't care about life...all he cares is, how to make more money, money, money....and now if he found guilty...no more money and its time to serve in jail time.

Execute them all, including the mothers who took part in this murder! I am totally sick of all of you! bill5153

#$%$ should know never hide that kind of money inside!

If abortion had been more easily attained at reputable clinics none of this would have happened. Outlawed abortion was what brought about back alley maniacs in the first place.

This scenario is what the anti-abortion nuts want: rogue clinics where unlicensed doctors reap profits while desperate women die in unsafe conditions. It's what we had before and if they have their way, it's what we'll have again. But abortion will NEVER EVER go away, whether they like it or not.

Heart beat detectable normally at six weeks, how is that working for you Doc? 3D ultrasounds that show a BABY not a frog or a watermelon...Why anyone would go through the process to become a Physician to perform abortions I will never understand, oh wait a minute, he was making millions of dollars, the LOVE of money is truly the root of all evil.

My daughter was born 3 1/2 months premature.  she weighed 2 lbs at birth, and has grown into a beautiful, healthy 26 year old.  Abortion at 30 weeks is murder.  Hang his butt.  It sounds like all of the abortion clinics should be closed down in PA.Ahh, the race card. It has become the Ace in the hole for everything from jobs to murder. I wish there was a German / Polish one that I could play. Where are the PC police when the Polish jokes are flying? These jokes have kept me down , jobless and on government assistance. I feel I should be compensated for the years of racism I have endured.

This is horrifying!

Liberals love this guy, 24 hr. baby killing factory.

I cannot see how  anyone could abort their baby but if they do that is their choice.  What this person did is murder babies and the women that carried them should be charged with murder as well.  He is controlled by greed and no conscience.  I hope he is convicted and dies.

i have a simple message for republican christians: 1) don't like abortion, don't have one. 2) don't like birth control, don't use it. 3) don't like sex on tv, change the channel. 4) don't like science in the classroom, then brainwash your own children in church and religious schools. 5) don't like stem cell research, then don't use the advancements in technology from this research. 6) don't like certain books, then don't read them instead of making bonfires to burn them. if these nutjobs keep meddling in our lives, START TAXING THE CHURCHES!~!!!!!!!

Joseph Mengele didn't think he'd done anything wrong, either.

Every abortionist is a killer. A "glorified" killer in today's heartless world, but nonetheless, they are ALL killers! "liberalizing women?".... I say GROTESQUE. Respect ALL LIFE!

Why did it start out as a racial thing.  Is there a different law where there is a stricter race clause for murder. Murder is murder and if it is what is proven whit, black, asian, hispanic or martian it is murder.......... now I can read the rest of the story.....

seriously, what kind of people do you expect would be attracted to this type of profession? do your research people.its not a magic wand that makes the baby dissappear.its a sluaghterhouse.

This makes me so sick...those poor babies.I don't care what his skin color is.  All I care about is what his hands were doing during those abortions.  I care about the actions he took with his own body to bring about the deaths of innocent babies.  I couldn't care less about the color of his body.

Abortion makes me sick!  I hope this Dr gets the death penalty.

Moving and crying are pretty good indications of life.

" forcing women to endure labor and then deliver live babies that were then killed by staff with scissors, she said. Normally, the fetus is killed in utero."  This just confirms the barbaric nature or abortion.  Someone, a HUMAN, always dies a barbaric death in the process.  We should all be horrified!

GOD please bless these people and the souls who died during all of this. What is the world coming to? No morals, no responsibilities, no manners...We all need Jesus.

I am pro=choice and agree that that Doctor Quack should be punished.  3rd. trimester abortions should only done if the mothers life is in peril

This guy is going to burn in hell. What an animal.

When they can't think of anything else to say, they charge 'racism'. When will the L ever get a grip on reality and take responsibility? I'm sure this atty. is quick to want to ban guns too because they 'kill children'. He murdered born-alive babies, not to mention all the other abortions he and his staff completed-and that isn't murder?? This is the personification of evil.This doc need to get the death penality, just like he handed out to all the 'babies'.

Sounds like a Nazi in Philly. Rizzo would have sent him to Cuba!

Sick, sick people. Once a baby breathes it is alive and no longer a fetus. I am all about LEGAL abortions, but this is the result of the witch hunt on legal doctors and legal clinics. Here is the perfect example why we need a LEGAL and SAFE system that stops this kind of attrocitiesSounds like just your every day average abortionist to me!!

Sounds like just another average every day abortionist to me!! Its all about the money...killing of innocent children.

Humans should know better they have choices like birth control, adoption, getting their tubes tied, ect.  A child never asked to be conceived nor should it suffer. Its very sad that society actually cares more about giving freedom to the immigrants and just handing out unemployment and welfare at the expense of hard working  americans. Why shouldn't the society care about animals too? They are still living &amp; breathing they have a heart and organs with blood too. They feel pain.  It's our job as humans to get our animals neutered/spayed. Its honestly a no win situation and we all have our opinions and outlooks but we are the ones who ultimately make a difference by speaking out and reporting these wanna be doctors.

Sick

Hedeserves to be killed with scissors and outdated lethal injection,that murderer!!!!!

Death Penalty...Carried out by Scissors

A 15 yr old high school student helped in surgery?!? Really well I think they should also be charged as a full adult No Exceptions!!   And I absolutely have No sympathy for these ignorant woman that knew they were killing a child and didn't have a care in the world and to top it off they are here illegally. They suddenly have  money to pay for an abortion but are here illegally and of course  hard working americans always have to pay for their well being ugh its just so disturbing but I believe that they will suffer in the end.

I suggest the movie "Blood Money". This is exactly what abortion ALWAYS is-MURDER!

Racist! War on Women! A fundamental attack on our rights!

you'll be surprised how common this is.Abortion is murder in general, so what has he done different?Abortion is in the best interest of the clinic/ "doctor" alone! they exploit desperate women and girls for money and kill millions every year,millions that could have found the cure to cancer and done great things in the world.Planned parenthood covers up the deaths of women every day. Ladies, they don't care about us or our bodies.this is a sick scamAll the abortion doctors should be on trial for murder!

please can you stop that satanism of killing humanbeings they need to see the beautfully sky abortion must come to the end if you dont need achild  plz use condom

What is the difference between killing a baby "in utero" and killing a baby after he or she is born?  Does a baby have less value while in their mother's womb?  This society cares more about animals than unborn babies.

If people want to get an abortion, or even kill a freshly born baby because they do not want it, it is going to happen. Better a third term abortion happen in a clean facility where the mother can recover than her doing it at home and possibly killing herself. I don't care if you disagree with it: this pretty basic regarding freedom.

Hypocrite=Human Rights Activist + Pro Abortion....I'll tell you what is really sad if the guy had been killing dogs everyone would say put a bullet in his head.  But it's not it was just defenseless Babies so it's Ok.Those types of people make me sick.

I wonder how much of this story is fabricated by the prosecution because they will put a notch in their belt for putting another human being away in a prison?? I wonder who/where did they get the information they allegedly have...If you don't like a procedure/process/behavior...you punish a few doing it then that scares the rest away...

Abortion kills living human beings.

My dad always said girls should be 'kept in service'.  Abortion is a man's right so he doesn't have to do without what he wants from his young girls.  He. like so many, see value in women as service - period.  Why have so many cultures - ancient and new - want women to only be servants and children to be expendable?