It would look like all those "pull yourself up by your own bootstraps" folks would be appearing on the Charleston dock with snorkel and shovels, now doesn't it?

I thought this guy was against spending?

Ports don't just magically build themselves do they?  Just imigine what we could do for the economy by getting people back to work at Union Scale jobs building things that benifted the nation (rather than blowing up others) and made us more competive on the world stage.

Oh no.. Last time I checked Lindsey Graham is a republican and doesn't believe in government spending.  Solve the problem yourself SC and stop wasting OUR tax dollars.  Time to tighten your belts....

of course graham is now for government funding......it's his home state

so if it's an earmark for a republican, the spending is ok? this guy continues to be the poster boy for term limits...worthless,absolutely worthless.

This is good if it is for the EXPORT of products, but not if it brings in more from China, Vietnam, Bangladesh, etc.

if the State of So Carolina thinks this is important and if it is to follow its conservative ideals it should pay for the project in its entirety.  Graham should not even be a party to the discussions. This is a problem for Nicki Haley to solve. She can get the money from the education budget for the state.

NOW LOOK who wants to SPEND MONEY WE DON"T HAVE... Sen. Linsday Graham, REPUBLICAN from S.C. needs 300 million dollars to get the harbor in HIS STATE dredged deeper... AIN'T that something, a REPUBE trying to bankrupt the GOVT.... I guess it is O.K. if it is in your STATE????

Oh, now we need the government. How convenientIf  graham was'nt up for re-election there would not even be a study on this. He is a phoney p.o.s.

Let SC pay for it if they want it and leave the rest of the country alone.

We can afford this but we can't afford money for teachers.

Like all congress thieves....pork is bad unless they want it.

300,000,000 dollars. That is a dollar from each American.  This is a spending problem. Let South Carolina pay for it.

It's a red state isn't it?  Why can't they be a role model and show rest of us how not to spend the government money?

Where pray tell is the private sector? Same place it was hiding when we spent $8 billion on the new orleans levee system. these guys have no shame at all. amazing

Why is this a Federal issue?  Let SC and the import/export companies deal with it.  Leave my money alone!

$15 million to "study" what? It's a good economic decision, or it's not. First, ask yourself if all those ports are necessary. Won't larger ships mean fewer callings?

Cut spending, unless its for my sweetheart project.  This Repugs have no shame.Isn't it interesting how there is this cry for cuts until somebody has a need?

South Carolina wants money as their congressmen push to cut the budget?

It's ok to give Egypt 250 million, but not ok to spend on one of our major ports?

There's alot of sunken history that's going to be destroyed..

How about we let the private sector that benefits from the project...let them pay for it.

I didn't find anything in the article that indicates how much private industry is contributing to the costs.

WHAAAAAAAAT????? Graham is going to introduce a bill for $100 billion in infrastructure repairs???? The same exact thing that he and his Republican cohorts have been condemning Obama for wanting to do !!!! Just more right wing Republican HYPOCRISY !!!!

This should make the whole hole much bigger heading in the wrong direction

I am sure this article is wrong. Sen. Graham is completely against spending taxpayer's money, for whatever reason it might be. I would believe it only if it is to make sure that everyone can have as many guns as god meant him to have.

Infrastructure bill isn't that what the GOP keeps voting against, I mean one of the many things they've voted againstLet's cut government spending except in South Carolina of course!

Republicans need to understand that their veiws have consequences you can not have both ways. We need to start closing and downsizing those military bases in SC and South Georgia too.

Go for it...we need it!

Makes you wonder whats in it for him?  He cries all the time that we have no money unless its something for him

Don't look to the govt. be responsible for yourself, isn't that the g o p rhetoric or is that just for the OTHERS????

Ask Not What Your Country can shell out For the Ultra Rich And Powerful. But Let Them Dig it Out If They Need To Use it! Theirs A Thought?First they Ship Our Jobs Overseas. Now Want Us To Pay To keep Them There?

He is like Bachman.  She wants a highway project in HER district.  The party of no asking for pork for their own states.  No way.  Is she going to give up her farm subsidy?  She is another socialist.

dont you Republicans know, we dont have any money for your pork.  for 4 years we had no money for jobs.  Now the Republicans think we have money.  the party of no for 4 years can stick their harbors up their #$%$.

Benghazi....Benghazi...

The real question is whether improving the harbor of a city is a local or national problem.  I would say local but a RINO like Graham probably believe this is "free" money.Lindsey, you lie.

Follow the money now we know why he is buddy, buddy with Mr. Ears.

He is like Bachman.  She wants improvement to a freeway in HER district.  It is not a priority for the department of transportation.  Where is she getting the money?  We dont have any money Michelle.  Are you going to give up your farm subsidy?

Pork for the anti pork congressman , go figure............

Isn't Obama's fault the harbor isn't deep enough?

Pork barrel  $$$$ -- nuff said

So now you want to spend money here instead of overseas.SC vote this war monger out, please.

Lindsey Graham  doesn't sem to worry about money when it comes to his state but screw the rest of the country that needs roads fixed

We need to pass a bill for 100 Billion to provide 20 Billion to improve inland waterways and harbors so South Carolina can have 300 Million to deapen Charelston Harbor....And we wonder why we are in financial trouble telling old people that medicare and social security will have to be cut.

Typical Republican, they want federal spending as long is it is on them.$15 million in studies for what? More government waste involved with the ecomafia. You go through study after study and end up doing what you wanted in the first place. Stupid.

No need to deepen Charleston harbor at all.  What a waste of money.  More pork barrel from the man that tells others not too.  Hypocrit.

Okay, let's compromise -- how about 47 1/2 feet?

Seeing how dredging is good for South Carolina's economy, they should pay for it so they can bring in larger ships. Don't waste my tax dollars when there are other ports that are deep enough for these ships. Don't waste my money Lesbian Graham!

It seems that everybody wants less Government spending except, of course, in their home district!

GRAHAM.. the most hypocrites I had ever see.

"Colonel" Lindsay Graham (USAF Reserve JAG officer,only deployment was 2 weeks in the Green Zone hearing cases of minor UCMJ violations) knows everything about about national defense, homeland security and warfare.Just listen to him! Hes also a "fiscal conservative" and damn mad at wasteful Democratic earmarks!!! Except when it comes to his home state.Whats the matter "Colonel" ? Having trouble bringing home the pork? Lay-offs at Ft. Jackson hitting home? Boondoggle projects at the Port of Charleston facing the ax???? Give your buddy McCain a call, maybe he can write you a check from his wifes  fortune!

Graham is only just NOW learning that you have to spend money (ie: invest) to make money??!? In the words of our great US philosopher, "what a maroon".

Graham is just another example of a gridlocker that needs to go. The more Republicans we get rid of, the better off we will be.

are the rumor true coming out of south Carolina that Graham is gay ?What about maritine antiquities protection laws protecting many civil war sunken structures in the harbor?  Are they bulldozing it all in the name of progress?

its called horse trading. let the negotiations begin. if you want your Senators and Congress to figure stuff out, they need stuff to swap and negotiate with. Remember, we got rid of all the earmarks. they used to be the poker chips.

Graham cracker needs a dunk.

No money for the south. They don't need govt funds. Let the private sector do it. If the market wants port traffic there then the market will pay for it

This will BUST the BUDGET. Stand up Senator Graham, and Say So.

Increase government spending, Mr. Graham?

oh, no! we can't afford that pork for ole flimsey man. we have to cut,cut,cut. we have a spending problem.

Ask Not What Your Country shell out For the Ultra Rich And Powerful. But Let Them Dig it Out If They Need To Use it! Theirs A Thought?First they Ship Our Jobs Overseas. Now Want Us To Pay To keep Them There?

$15 million for just the study???  LOL.  What a colossal waste

I meant Lindsey in a gay bar about 15 years ago and i have to tell you all HE or She was hung like a horse, he was wearing lipstick at the time, amazing to see he is a senator now, has anyone seen him late at night in the man`s bar down the road from the White House its called The Roaster Fish.Why does it cost 15 million to figure out how to dig five feet of mud from the bottom?

While serving as a Naval Aircrewman in the 1980's (VP-11, NAS Brunswick, ME), we "mined" Charleston harbor as part of an operational readiness test that pertained specifically to mining. Those were some very fun flights, and must have been quite a sight to see 4 P-3's flying in formation as the sun came up along the east coast.

Oh I see,  When a Republicans wants millions for his state it's okay. But those nasty Democrats can't have any.

Save the money and use other ports throughout the US.  Cut spending now.  Deepening the Charleston Harbor will add unnecessary to the US.

It makes sense that the Harbor needs to accommodate the larger ships. We spend $millions on Higher Education for Pakistan and $millions on Aid to Egypt this needs to STOP! This harbor means work for the people in S.C. that is what is important here! I could care less if he is a Republican or a Democrat this is one time the people need to be represented.

Can't North Carolina stand on its own.  It needs federal money to dredge?  Maybe Graham should ask himself where that money comes from.  Maybe if he hadn't voted to reduce taxes on the wealthy back in 2001 there would be funding available.  I think NC should show a little 10th amendment sack and do this themselves.

Gay Lindsay is running for reelection in SC so he is temporarily off Senile Mccain's teat and now is rounding up the nation's tax dollars to spend in SC

Well, Lindsey, here's where the rubber meets the road on spending.  Is the deeping of Charleston harbor one of those projects that should be cut to balance the budget?  I can guess how you'll answer this one.  Problem is, all of your 534 colleagues have their important projects too!  So where to start?  I'd start cutting here,  since I'm not from South Carolina.  Just think, 300 million in savings right off the bat!  LOL

Now you know why our founders didn't put an income tax in the Constitution.

I see Graham is doing the Dump the Tea Bag Party dance!WOOHA!Digging out these harbors is buring American jobs for good!

why is graham using federal pork dollars to benefit his own state?every time another state tries to modernize infrastructure, he goes on some insane ideological tirade about how this is communism.

let them pay for it themselves.

Time for Graham cracker to find some private bidness that can do it more efficiently.... stop the spending Ms. Graham and pull yourself up by your bootthingys or whatever, you tool...

$15 million to do a study on deepening the harbor? I have been in the wrong business all my life.

Graham was for spending cuts before he was for more spending.  Now that it affect his state it is okay to spend.  That's the problem in Washington stop the spending but not in my state.  You can't trust this guy.

300 million dollars! Absolutely to expensive we can't spend that kind money no way! Obama don't you ok this one don't you Dare. All this federal spending in South Carolina is getting out of hand.

Why hasn't this every a married a woman yet ? They say he don't date any women is he gay ?

Do we encounter any problem for the $300 million ?Its very easy, just reduce our aid to Pakistan $2 billion a year, Israel $3 billion and Egypt $1.2 billion a year, think of our nation's need first.

Our roads and bridges need fixing too, but that would put too many Americans to work and make Obama look good so nooooo we cant fix those but we should help this idiot dig his river...the Republicans are just full of it!In a few years most of you tea bags are going to be doing the jobs that illegals don't want to do!WOOHA!

Not seeing many Tea Bag comments here, wonder why?

All the big conservitves like him don't want to spend any money unless it affects them, then the sky is the limit.

Cut pork projects. The right wing teabagger repub want to cut spending and waste . Let the people of SC and Charleston pay for it themselves

Dollar store business flourishes in SC, its why the textiles all closed up.

hOW ELSE will he get  more foreign #$%$ on our land?

Gotta help his pals get the China goods into the USA , more of our taxpayer dollars at work for the rich, new global world , where the rich keep making more while we foot the bills

Another Progressive.

What happened to the Rs' no earmarks pledge??

The same Graham who eschews government programs and money UNTIL it gets to his (my) state.  What a hypocrite!  Typical conservative/republican - they can only see as far as their own pockets and interests, so when something benefits them directly, they're all for it.  If it benefits someone else, they're against it.  That's antisocial.How much you wanna bet that old Lindsey becomes less fiscally conservative when it comes to spending money in his state.  SC already gets a disproportionate number of federal dollars back.

So nice to see Senator 'don't do as I do do as I say' Graham totally forgetting his anti-government spending tirades in order to advance commercial projects paid for with taxpayer funds....FORGET ABOUT IT SENATOR.....if it's so important to those who would use it then let them front all the funds to pay for it!

You didn't cna't) build that.

Carson/Cruz 2016

Just another #$%$ Republican.

Will cut Charleston Harbor expansion to save Federal spending. You do not need a harbor expansion and we can do it with what we have. Hello, South Carolina, who elect most of the morons and you deal with it!

Businesses that will profit from it need to be pitching in and financing this project.

funny how the shoe fits differently when you are the one wearing it....cut, cut, cut....

This is why this Government must reduce wasteful spending, so important projects like this aren't put on the back burner. We must get our fiscal house in order or we soon will be a backward country.

South Carolina does not need the federal funds orthe federalgovernment. Just awhile back they were going to print theirown currency. You want a harbor you pay for it!So they work four day weeks.  There is a financial crises in this Country and all that goes on is blaming the sequester.  The sequester is nothing but a political football.  Obama goes nuts telling the American people a whole string of things that have to be done as punishment to them because they don't pressure the GOP to allow Obama to do what he wants.....it's ridiculous!  Obama is like a child who throws temper-tantrums when they don't get what they want.

gee, Ms. Graham wants to spend 300 million. i thought all govt spending was waste? let the "interests" that want this to increase their income pay for it.

He should take his #$%$ - state of south carolina and put it up his #$%$-. #$%$-k all the south with all hillbillys banjo playing inbred people like miss lindsey graham. I say #$%$-k his state, let south carolina pay for it if they want it. Don''t put it on the backs of the middle class if they it done do it but not with are tax dollars #$%$-k- him.

This is for the good of the country people. Not south Carolina or Lindsey Graham. All harbors need dredging periodically. simple physics.

so Infrastructure is off the table ?

How do you spell Hypocrite?Lindsey Graham!

Now its good for the Government to Help ..... Have another drink Lindsey

Dump Graham into the harbor. Another inflexible, my way or no way OLD F----T from the GOP.

cuts to seniors,poor and the middle class thats all the republicans preach ,had enough yet..sc should pay for it themselves and sen. graham isn't this another way of saying Pork

With the good riddance of Saddam Hussein, America is a safer place for Americans. Mission Accomplished! God Bless President Bush and America can't afford Lindsey Graham.This project benefits the US economy as a whole as it allows us to export and import goods that have an impact on our GDP. The spending cuts need to be for programs that have a huge budget, not directly effecting our economy, in the realm of special interests of individual corporations, and can handle a 2% cut.

SPENDING PROBLEM- Republicans and Linsdesy Grahman have been screaming we have a spending problem.I get  it all of us have a spending problem but not lindsey graham and south carolinaWould you jerk- offs - please shut up!!!!WHAT ABOUT THE DEFICT MR GRAHAMWHERE IS THE MATCHING CUT.When Democrats and Obams want to spend on infrastructure -- can`t do that it add`s to the deficitAny one who votes for these Republican hypocrits should self deport

i thought the right wing believed in private enterprise why should our tax dolllars do this if it is such a good idea. isnt this just big govt interfering with the private sector. come on where is robmes money or the koch brothers to do this how  much of their money they  used to buy th eelection could have built this. come on hypcrites pony up. or maybe pay the taxes you owe.

Tea Bag dollars at work!

Lindsey Graham, makes me ill,Cut everything but give me 300,000 for my pet project? really? loser!

Where are all his Loyal Republican Comrades.... Where is his Support during Sequestration.... He dont have a clue does he?

Oh its for my State ? - Hey Government we all need to spend some money over here

Leave Charleston Harbor alone Lindsey!  Gawd one of the last few beautiful places in this country and you're trying to mess it up!  FOOL!  Joe Riley are you listening to this putz???Why don't you turn your attention to that cess pool Sumter SC.

"We're good to go for about another year," the Republican lawmaker said. "But if at the end of next year we don't have some sort of comprehensive strategy that deals with ports — inland and coastal ports and modernizing our facilities — the world economy is going to leave us behind." Obama has been for these projects all along to stimulate the economy and improve the country's infrastructure, but Graham and his GOP buddies have continuously shot them down.  But now that they are in Grahman's home state, well, they have to get done right away or "the world economy is going to leave us behind."

I smell porkA fast talker, but in this case very obvious. Just another politician!

Lindsey Grahman: "The Budget is out of control, we need to stop spending, but spending $300,000,000 for my home state is OK.

isnt this sob against govt spending? oh, not when its his state, and his reelection time

Gut medicare, but I need money for my harbor.

Being a Democrat, I'm not in favor of doing work outside the USA like in Texas, But this I would be ok with.

Now Lindsey, I thought you Republicans were against bail-outs.  You should be consistent and refuse all federal dollars for this pork project.  Let the state handle it.

no-no-no-oh, for me, thank you very much-no-no-no....hypocrites every last one

No Federal Funds for the self efficient ... do it yourself !

Th whole country would benefit if ANY port of entry and exit can accomodate the larger vessels. My problem is with spending MILLIONS of dollars to study the impact!

like I said  republicans  cry about spending but then they spend like dems, they are all the same how come you guys are not outraged by thisI'd rather dredge than feed the undeserving.

As long as it's for their own buddies republicans will and always  spend our money on dumb and stupid things

Where's the money supposed to come from Lindsey? You've voted against raising the debt ceiling every single time, under Obama. It was a different story when Bush asked though wasn't it.....now you're making all nice because you want that federal money for YOUR state. ...lol.....what a hypocrite!

Anything that needs approval of congress wont pass unless it can go into their pocket from the working class.

This is a job for "super private enterprise " you do not want that dirty government interference.  Fight for your American freedom. Free to dredge your own dang harbor.

Well;  They should have dregded it deeeper for the Ohio class submarines back in the early 80's.  They would not have lost the Navy bases there, all that Navy money, and they would have it done already for TODAY!

NO WAY - The only way to approve funding for SC and Lindsey Graham's state MUST be dollar for dollar spending cuts.  This was true for the NE in the wake of Hurricane Sandy.  This same standard MUST be held to the deep south and neo-conservatives down thar.

Is this government spending money?  What about lowering the deficit, Lindsey?Will improving the infrastructure help the local economy to move goods and services in and out of the harbor more effeciently?  How many local jobs were created during this process?If it works in Charleston, why would it not work everywhere else in the country, or is infrastructure stimulus for the selected few?Why did't you get private business to revamp the harbor?Lindsey is a joke!

Graham should be the first to savor the effects of secuestration. He has always catered to AIPAC's "Jews First" lobbying, betraying America is unamerican. Ten years of wars in the ME and 9/11 is what we got in return. Even Virginia wouldn't be in this predicament today.

Just give up some more Education money. That will pay for it.sooo,GOP slobs...why dont you scratch your new policies into the mud with your clovis points so we can alllllll see them?

More pork from this southern porker?

This guy always looks and sounds like hes crying.

This right here is a great example why big corporations should be paying their fair share of the taxes. They use taxpayer funds all the time to farther their needs.

Republicans don't need federal dollars!!!!!!

i am ok with spending money on infrastructure, but guess who gets the construction jobs, illegals and union.

Sorry Lindsey, you lose.

TEL AVIV – Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., may have dropped a bombshell in an interview with Fox News in which he stated that murdered U.S Ambassador Christopher Stevens was in Benghazi to keep weapons caches from falling into the hands of terrorists.Until now, no official explanation for Stevens deployment to Libya has acknowledged any such activity.Stevens reportedly died from smoke inhalation as a result of the Sept. 11, 2012, attacks on the U.S. special mission and CIA annex in Benghazi, Libya.The official State Department probe into the Benghazi attacks stated Stevens was sent to Benghazi to “establish a U.S. presence in Libya.”“The State Department had been absent from Libya since the Embassy in Tripoli suspended operations and evacuated its American personnel on February 25, 2011, amidst an escalating campaign by Muammar Qaddafi to suppress violently a popular uprising against his rule,” continued the report.The report stated Stevens made the decision to travel to the Benghazi mission on Sept. 11 on his own, “independently of Washington, per standard practice.”The report did not state the specific purpose of Stevens’ visit to the mission other than to later mention he held a meeting there with a Turkish diplomat.Neither the State Department probe nor any other official government explanation previously mentioned securing weapons caches as part of Stevens’ mission in Libya.However, in an interview Friday with Fox News, host Bret Baier asked Graham why Stevens was in the Benghazi mission despite the many known security threats to the facility.

Pork is pork regardless of who's pork it is.  Need a deeper channel?  Make the shipping companies, the city, county, and state of South Carolina pay for it.   I have not forgotten hurricane Sandy nor how the South Carolina representatives voted.  Unlike Hurricane Sandy, no one is suffering from the lack of a deep channel.  Payback is fair play.

Deepen  the chesapake bay THEN the tankers an big ships can come here But oh no we maydistroy life in the bay THE SAME LIFE WE HAVE IN CHARLSTON HARBOUR  what a lot ofSTUFFF this boy is full of      surprised he has time for this  too buisy haranging an threateningchuck hagel,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  take what you have an retire HOW MUCH CASH DO YOU NEED ????the original  grahm cracker,,,,,,,,,,,thats all good ol southern politics AS USUAL,,,,,,DAMN    SHAME  AMERICA,,,,,,All congressional GOP are whining about cuts in their districts and want exemptions for themselves. I guess they laid a trap that they fell into. GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!

Enlarging the harbor for shipping company lobbyists, (at no expense to shipping companies)   and asking the Federal government to pay the cost.   This is the "new" GOP ?   Meanwhile let's raise Medicare taxes for old people and cut Social Security. Thank you, Senator for your suggestions.

Graham is a typical Republican.  He wants CUTS in spending, EXCEPT in cases that impact businesses in his state.

Republican pork for me and not fort thee says the sissy sen and johns butt buddy from sc