Forclosed *(then)* sold!!!

What happened to all that money?

Did they wash the sheets?

What the idiot does not understand is that he still owes the money.   The banks simply deducts what they sold the house for from what he owes.

Not having financial problems? So, he just bailed on a 3 mil loan......Another class act from Chicago.

R had a talent short-fall.

Chicago has been run into the ground by corrupt politicians !

I wonder if it comes with a golden shower-room...

United States of Irresponsibility.  This abuse needs to be reckoned with.

I wonder if he removed the child-size handcuffs bolted to the wall?Who actually wants to live in Chicago or Detroit, Homicide Capitals of the U.S. ?

they can give tours.  like graceland.  call it pissland.welcome. this is the aptly named "yellow room" where R. Kelly used to have sex and pee on underage girls

Does he still urinate on underage girls?Or just rape them?

Is that where he peed on the little girl?

Worth $150 million and he cannot save his home.

''Allan Mayer, says he can't comment on the auction, but the Grammy winner isn't having financial problems.'' --- Not having financial problems? Then he is nothing more than a deadbeat. Another loser bites the dust.

I guess banks aren't doing as bad as they said they were!

i guess peeing on underage girls does not pay as well as it used to!

typical neegrow

"Grammy winner isn't having financial problems". Sounds like money troubles to me.That's my Robert...always peeing on people!

To paraphrase George W. Bush's comments upon moving into the Oval Office, "this place is gonna need a good scrubbin!"

what is it about blacks, that come into money, yet can't manage it?   Sports figures are the perfect examples...

HE WILL OWE THE IRS soon on about 2.2 MILLION FOR THAT FORGIVEN LOAN TOO... guess that his problem in 2014.. THATS HOW U get screwed by  the GOVT BUT THEY bailed OUT THE banks didn't they..

Perfect example of money ending up in the wrong hands.

What does the child pornography sentence have to do with the article?

R Kelly is just getting what he put out he was a child abuser that took advantage of the young ladies he came in contact with. I liked one song by him an that was I Believe I Can Fly  the rest of his songs were a little bit to filthy for me.He should be in Jail for what he did.He's on the bottom now we will see if he crawls his way back.I don't think so.LOL

All his money went to pay off the child porn case.Go rent an apartment Robert Kelly and register as a sex offender, sick guy

all i see here are comments speculating on kelly's financial status..who cares? people walk away from 'under water' mortgages all the time...what really seems suspect to me is the bank buying the property back for so cheap without anyone else even bidding...with the million-plus they already received from kelly they're not losing anything &amp; will probably end up turning a profit. this has happened all over the country...sucks for us taxpayers, great for the banks. isn't that how everything eventually ends up?

When the high bid was placed, the auctioneer pointed and said "Urine"Every one talking about T Kelly business is every one else bills payed if not !! SHUT UP

Proof there are consequences for making p p on little girls.

Celebs do this all the time

and "Rake the Coals" b-4 move-in. lol

And there is pee EVERYWHERE!!

Who wants to live in a house where he was trapped in a closet  ?

hopefully they go after this cat and get the rest of their money.  Then again that might mean more R Kelly music so just go ahead and call it a loss.

"I believe I can FILE".

If he's not having financial problems, then why foreclose on the house? Why can't folk just tell the truth and people would appreciate it.

Was he Trapped in the Closet?my common sense tells me that someone who ISNT having financial problems, wouldnt let their home go into foreclosure.

Urine Manor? Pee Pee Place? #$%$ Alley? Yellow Rain? Golden Showers Plantation? What did that clown call his former home? And where was Reverend Al when that this clown 'got off' (both figuratively and literally) for what he did to that girl? Ohhhh...but if a White guy did those things. Love the double standard Black racists.

For the white #$%$ you must be jealous with your broke #$%$ get off welfare and get a job maybe you can have a few bucks you racist p.o.s.

It prolly smells like pee

So here goes another truly talented singer just because he couldn't control his "demons" or, rather, wasn't able to keep them hidden. That said, I consider him to have one of the best voices in R&amp;B.

For those who are Geographically Challenged, Olympia Fields is a beautiful community in South Suburban Chicago, closer to Matteson, so the article should have stated in Suburban Chicago, not Chicago City.  I don't see where the last statement was appropriate for the article unless property was part of the case.  Stop hating on R. Kelly.  He's a talented guy who is as human as any other talented guy.

Haters want to hate…, lovers want to loveI don't even want, any of the above I want to*** on you……… drip drip drip

R. Kelly tried to keep it on the 'Down Low' and claimed he was 'Trapped In The Closet' but J.P. Morgan Chase was 'Not Feelin' The Love'...no more Bump N' Grind in the 'Chocolate Factory!'

yea whatever,tell that to somebody else cause i aint buying and i dam show aint selling.That #$%$ is broke as a dam joke now.

Good buy for the Bank. They will have no problem selling that property for $2 mil."His one-time spokesman, Allan Mayer, says he can't comment on the auction, but the Grammy winner isn't having financial problems. "Allan Mayer is a LIAR and thinks people are idiots. Where there's smoke, there's fire everyone knows only broke celebrities/athletes lose houses worth 3-5 million for 950K.Mediatakeout has reported that R.Kelly is the latest celeb to have their financial info hacked. The site reported that R. Kelly owes $8.1 million in taxes. He has a civil judgment against him for $30,000. His home is in foreclosure for $3.5 million  and he owes $17,000 a month but hasn't paid his mortgage since 2009 and he has a Chase credit card in collections.

For Mr mike s. A koon really! Why is it the problems and financial debts stolen mney and scams are from people like u madoff for one so keep that in mind and get over yourself. Oneday you will be judged not by me or non one but God.

Where is that B*tch&gt;&gt;&gt; L. Madigan .. isnt their a conflict of intrest.. you see here igly mug everywhere u go ... but not on this subject

I heard he's changing his name from R. Kelly to O. Kelly. As in Owe (the IRS) Kelly. That's because URN8 Kelly was already taken.

This M*ther F'r(jamie Diamond) should goto jail for his antics...   what a sc*mbag

R Kelly does not want his home so he does not pay for it. Really it's none of our business

$5million home, now worth less than $1 million--but he still owes $3 million.Let it go...

Now you know the stupid Reverend Jesse Jackson is gonna have something to say about this!!!!!!

he belongs in africa