I really like the look and merchandizing of the new JCP.  I think it is a buy but will take time.  You cannot do this kind of an overhaul in one year.

I'm liking the new refreshing look of JCP. Can't wait until they finish the home department.

Walmart...Target.. the are the only retail stocks to buy.

Trading around our retirement funds between them, making big commisions till the market tanks again, then they have fat bank accounts and still charge us fees for that.  The goverment knows and takes thier share from the profits, just picking our pockets behind our backs instead of taxes folks....and it goes on and on

Walk into the Sears store in my town, and you get the immediate impression that we are bothering them.  I won't go back there.  It still surprises me that they are still in business. If we need anything from Sears, then we just travel the 30 miles to another Sears.  Problem solved....

In my opinion I don't believe that JCP has a snow balls chance in hell, barring some strange miracle.  Lets say if Ron Johnson and Bill Ackman were to have a baby then maybe that baby in 30 or so years could revive JCP.  But WOW that would be some ugly baby..

actually business could careless, as long as people have to have the goods..some of them would throw the junk they sell off a moving truck if they could figure out how to not have to stop to grab the money. Like many people today, I only shop for food, itmes that needs to be replaced.

Penny's and Sears are both old dinosaurs who should no longer be in existance.

Poor management at both Penney's( i worked there 20 years ago and already saw it happening) and at Sears is what caused their downfall.  They never budget updating their stores. Never updated their interiors, forgot who shops(women!)  their clothing line at Sears is the worst displayed.  Its like shopping in a big cavern. The ceilings are 30 feet high, stained tiles and good luck trying to find someone that actually says "Hi, thanks for shopping us today..if you need any help let me know.."  Its just awful training on the part of management and obviously NO followup. And finally in retail , get this CEO's with YOUR BIG salaries and BONUS program....  Your help is only as good as what you pay them and train them properly.So if you want to know WHY your sales are in the toilet, There are a few clues above but I doubt you bozo's at the top will EVER get it!Now if you need someone to turn your tanking business around, I got a set of br#$%$ balls for a little guy here and I wont  ask for $10 million and bonuses to sit on my #$%$ and run your business into the ground.

ooh, ooh, goody...jcp has gone up .17 after rj tanked it with over a $25.00 loss...