lip service only. none of these worthless polititians gives a hoot about any of the people they are supposed to be working for.

Obama salutes soldiers who fought in the Iraq war. Remember in 2008 during his primaries when he visited France/Germany and skipped out on meeting with the troops and General Petraeus after the successful surge to further his campaign. He then said, "American can be an arrogant Country and we went to wars only to show out superiority". It was then followed by Michelle who said, "America is a mean Country". Is this man dumb or what?

you can never trust someone who talks out both sides of his mouth

The majority of the military does not support the president. Fact.

THERE ARE STILL TROOPS IN IRAQ. lie lie lie

Shouldn't that be "flips off"?

I hope he does salute them, considering when he was in iraq he only acknowledged them when the cameras were on and walked on by them when they were off.

If he ended it, why are troops still over there?

Excerpt from a speech delivered in 1933 by 2x Medal of Honor recipient General Smedley Butler, USMCWar is just a racket. There are only two things we should fight for. One is the defense of our homes and the other is the Bill of Rights. War for any other reason is simply a racket.It may seem odd for me, a military man to adopt such a comparison. Truthfulness compels me to. I spent thirty-three years and four months in active military service as a member of this country's most agile military force, the Marine Corps. I served in all commissioned ranks from Second Lieutenant to Major-General. And during that period, I spent most of my time being a high class muscle-man for Big Business, for Wall Street and for the Bankers.I suspected I was just part of a racket at the time. Now I am sure of it. Like all the members of the military profession, I never had a thought of my own until I left the service. My mental faculties remained in suspended animation while I obeyed the orders of higher-ups. This is typical with everyone in the military service.I helped make Mexico safe for American oil interests in 1914. I helped make Haiti and Cuba a decent place for the National City Bank boys. I helped in the raping of half a dozen Central American republics for the benefits of Wall Street. I helped purify Nicaragua for the international banking house of Brown Brothers in 1909-1912. I brought light to the Dominican Republic for American sugar interests in 1916. In China I helped to see to it that Standard Oil went its way unmolested.During those years, I had, as the boys in the back room would say, a swell racket. Looking back on it, I feel that I could have given Al Capone a few hints. The best he could do was to operate his racket in three districts. I operated on three continents..

Looks like Obama got in his Military Photo Op for the Week!!!Did he tell them that they can no longer have a weapon because they are consider "terrorists"?

This is after he wanted the sequester that took away the privileges for the wounded soldiers families!  Odumbo, you and the mainstream media might be foolin some of this country but not all of us...

Obama is the militarys Barney Fife!

Save your salute you tyranical boob.  Hopefully you wont come back to the US.

bet they had to tell which hand to salute with and which side his heart is on....!!!

With the same respect he,and his wife showed at ground zero ceremony, She said ; all this for a d*%#m flag.

..."Obama salutes soldiers who served during Iraq war"... Yeah right, like he even cares.

Sure he was saluting our troops or the Iraqies? You never know with this guy.

I miss Ronald Reagan!

He ended the war allright and then tried to run away from the failure he made of it as we were shown the door out.Having seen him return salutes when he comes off Air Force One, I hope someone has taught him how to salute by now.

Obama .........Just Leave!!!!!!  Taking Benefits from them is also not helping!!!!!  They the Soldier earned what little they get!!!!!  Keep your Salute!!!!!  IT MEANS NOTHING!!!!

He salutes us - huh? I don't feel any of the "love" he has for us! He has done everything he can to strip us of the pride we have in our country! He was against us when he was a senator, he was against us when he ran for office and he has been against my brothers and sisters ever since he came to power as president - yeah, I retired before his dumb #$%$ took office, and glad that I did! Ask him about his real life plans to disarm every veteran because we are all mental cases in their eyes!!! He is afraid that us mental cases will put up a fight if he declares war on our country!!! And you know what - I still honor my duty to protect against all evils both foriegn and domestic. All of you Obamnut supporters out there - get it through your thick skulls, this man does not like our troops - he puts on a good show, just like with everything else!!!

Wow so many errors (lies?) in one short article.Troops are still in Iraq."He said the U.S. still needs to meet its obligations toward those who served in Iraq, including more than 30,000 wounded. He said the nation must improve treatment for traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder."The Va will not test for TBI unless your skull was cracked open.  The waiting time for a "claim" (which is also how you get diagnosed) is over six months.  PTSD clinics are still over loaded and usually run by civvies with no clue.  The VA still plays the "drive em away" game by sending Veterans to physical and occupational therapy and handing out drugs, instead of doing tests such as x-rays and MRI's to find out what is wrong and treat it.  And if you get the tests elsewhere, like through Tricare, VA doesn't accept them.The number of Troops injured, including mental health injuries, was over 900,000 in 2009.If he cared so much, why doesn't he go to Walter Reed and hang out with injured Troops instead of on vacation every other month?If he cares so much about Troops, why is Major Hassan still awaiting trial, denying justice to the Troops and families in Ft Hood?

He salutes with one hand and yanks the military tuition and aid for homeless veterans with the other hand.

Why does obama refuse my invite to deer camp? No cell service.  We have beer, good food, guns, ammo, beer, more ammo, skeet shooting, beer, a shooting range, more ammo, food and beer and plenty of bedding. What gives????

Obama - NON-VET, community organizer coward - nothing more, nothing less. Sickens me when ANY military man or woman has to salute such a POS.

So did the White House call up the Associated Press and say "Hey, how bout writing up a pointless story about how we're 'saluting' the troops or some bullshlt like like that"...

Hmmm and another article says, "Sequestration Slashes Scholarships for Children of Iraq and Afghanistan War Casualties and Military Veterans."Interesting concept coming from the people that are apparently saluting us for our time/lives sacrificed.

it is not just Obama but a large section of the population who have lost respect for our military.working for a living and being in the military is something that one should be proud of verses, wealth building which is not all that honorable...Let's focus on the troops and the fact that we support them even if we don't support the cause. I could care less what people do for public attention/political gain, I SALUTE YOU BRAVE MEN AND WOMEN!!!

Are you kidding me????  Let me tell you obama that you are not respected by any Marine that I know!  We do consider you a radical!  Signed, The Intolerant Marine

He said the U.S. still needs to meet its obligations toward those who served in Iraq, including more than 30,000 wounded.

The headline didn't mention which side the soldiers fought on. I had to read on.  It wouldn't have surprised me to learn that the Mombasan was saluting the enemy forces.

Wasn't our president old enough to serve in Iraq?   Sure was!  But he didn't though, did he?Why didn't Barack serve in Iraq?  He loathes the military.  Would never lift a finger to defendthe USA.  Need reasons to believe.  Barack is destroying our fighting / defending forces right now.

Biden 2013....BIDEN 2013

I'd salute that POS right back with my middle finger.

Why is everyone afraid to say it??? WE HATE obama and Mooooochelle.    BIDEN 2013!

I served under HW during the liberation of Kuwait.  I consider Obama a domestic threat.

Why? He doesn't give a crapola about them, nor does he give another heap of crapola about those who oppose him.And a salute to you good sir, thanks to you, me and several thousand Marines could not re-enlist because of budget cuts.  I appreciate that....

obama really showed his grit when he sat in an air conditioned room with tv monitors, ate pizza and looked stressed when the SEALS took out his cousin, Osama.

He would not salute the war I served in since it cut into his profits too much.

Obama made sure the soliders at his inauguration had their firing pins removed...I wonder why?

"Obama said the nation honors the memory of nearly 4,500 Americans who died in Iraq."  May they rest in peace.  Our soldiers are American heroes!  We have to stop sending them to fight these wars, where we're not sure any thing was gained.

Sure die for your country and me (OBAMA)... but don't speak up about your hardships or pain you have or feel once you off duty or out of service and back home...

Funny, Obama said that he opposed the Iraq war from the start when he launched his 2008 White House bid.  Now he salutes the troops that accomplished the very task which he opposed.  Hypocrite.

really? GWB served Turkey to me in Iraq..and we (as soldiers) saw POTUS regularily..not his Majesty though...he's been golfing..beer summint'n...

Really! I bet they loved it...The Jerk...

Did he salute what he called  The Marine "corpse" as he said several times in a speech several months ago? LOL Our Commander-in "chef" ? LMAOThe last troops left Iraq in 2011, lets make that clear, we're still at war in Afghanistan, your promise meant nothing.

Obama doesn't care about anything but his political power and the money he can make off it. Any one who actually believes he cares about our service members while cutting their benefits and pay has their head buried in the dirt.

There is "No Doubt, the US Military Personnel that served "without Question" SACRIFICED TREMENDOULY and deserve, not only this President's praise, but they also should "RECEIVE an APOLOGY from GW BUSH, D CHENEY, D RUMSFELD, P WOLFIWITZ, the MEDIA CORPORATE CEO's, C RICE for "LYING to them and PUTTING them all in "HARM's WAY!"

For all you thumbs uppers that wallow in the lie that was Iraq . I'd like to give you some photos of Iraqi children blown apart by American Bombs. Perhaps you might hang them up on your refrigerator to remind you of the carnage that was Iraq. This was unnecessary, unlawful and illegal invasion of another country. No different then Nazi Germany.

Obama has made positive changes in the VA and may have saved thousands of lives by not using our military as much...

The biggest salute Obama can give them is to not put soldiers in harms way!!!

Obama might of opposed the war, but he did not end it.

this is not like a marriage "anniversary", where you celebrate.  after 10 years "WE" should question, why are "WE" still there?

and now as for punishment for serving there he is stripping their benefits and constitutional rights away from them

Meanwhile cuts the military GI bill and aid to injured veterans.Ooooh please.....hussein is a fvking nut!  kick his terroristass back to kenyea.

The only way to truly honor those who gave their lives and their limbs is too take W, Cheney, Rumsfield, Rice, Wolfawitz and Tennat and string them up.  There is your mission accomplished.

More than Bush would do.

Good Job troops!! But.... because  we  are "saving" government money.  We are cutting your education benefits, medical costs, and no jobs like I promised 4 years ago.

The debt America owes as a result of this war is staggering. Not just from a financial aspect, but we owe a huge debt to our military members and their families. Let's start paying it back by bringing our troops home.

was it a american salute or a HITLER STOMP and SALUTE??

I'm surprised he didn't salute with the wrong hand. After all, there was that Navy tribute with Russian ship pictures.

screw the salute, ask them if it was worth it.......SSA      ask them when they were over there fighting for us and Obama was back here giving the country away, ask them how they like that...

Salutes them...now he can feel justified to take away their benefits. He can keep his salute.

At least he respects them as opposed to the dope that sent them in on the  long term - personal crusade, that cost us all dearly.Republicans bring up Benghazi and forget about Iraq. Republicans are hypocrites.

I bet he didn't bow to them...

Thats nice, now if we can just get him to quit just sitting there watching them die while under attack. Really was surprised that he say it's a youtube video's fault. Was expecting him to say its Bushes fault.

Nice salute, Obama. That's good... real good. Now, how were you planning on helping them find jobs once they are back home? Too many veterans are coming home to find they cannot keep their homes anymore. 'Merica salutes you, too, Obama. Oh, maybe not.

Republicans everywhere are outrage because of this.

Is this the same guy that said the military members should be responsible for their own medical treatment if and when they are wounded?

Put your hand down you #$%$ civilian!

All the people who served in these wars were taken as suckers.

Obama salutes soldiers who served during Iraq war with cut benefits! Lol

@OG, please explain you comment.  As a vet, I don t understand your comment.  But we do need to expand the care given to vets who suffer from TBI and PTSD.  btw- you offend me at first reading.He praised them all. Suddenly an aide whispers in his ear. He gets the deer in the headlights look. Oops... Thought I was speaking to the Taliban...... Well looks like I should be hitting the old dusty trail.......... I'll just go this way. Excuse me. Oops pardon me. Sets of alarm sneaking out emergency exit......

obammy your salute means nothing, just like your lies. obammy's one of the muslim terrorists that our troops were fighting against.

Don't forget Robert, the towel heads they shot at and were shot at by are just "work place endangerment clauses" gee from a LIBERAL who first exclaimed the soldiers going over there will only be killers of the innocent. Give it time. O#$%$ in the white house will soon find reason to go to Kenya to have a war to shut up his RELATIVES FROM TELLING THE WORLD HE WAS BORN THERE

As a Vet of Iraq, this photo op a blatant BS this guy is dumping on the American people, Disgusts me and would prefer him to ignore the Military and the Vets rather than listening to his unpatriotic lies and bs.

Obama dances on the graves of dead soldiers, spits in the eye of survivers who served during Iraq warGeorge W. Bush actually won the hearts and minds of the common man in Iraq, creating a fledgling democracy in a sea of islamic cockroaches.Barack Hussein Obama threw those men, women and children to his rabid, animal brothers in arms........simply because he needed money to wage his own personal ji had against the United States of America...and her people.History will judge him accordingly.

that pos muslim communist hates american and our troops. the soldiers should all give him the middle finger and yell FU #$%$ !!

look at africa where r they i life.uck obama and u if u support him.oprah in under a jew.we r screwed.

President Obama how about saluting the troops and our country by pressing full charges on the Bush administration for the lies leading to the war in IRAQ and torture and doing nothing to stop 9/11 and Katrina and the financial crises and warrant-less wire tapping of my fellow Americas etc etc,  then you will get my full respect and as our President and go down in history as one of our bravest and most respected Presidents. But until then please keep your photo ops to yourself.. TYT army here. Peace

thanks for your service, welcome to the nightmare we've made things since you've been gone.... good luck to ya tho; #$%$ care for your injuries, no jobs available, 11-30 million potential new hungry mouths we'd be legally obligated to feed, and a culture that is braindead and not capable of critical thought or independent action. drones in the skies, armored tanks on the streets (most are just APCs, but....), cops in better gear than you even dreamed about having in war, illegal talk of gun seizure, and you, my veteran friend, are the biggest threat to the government as a "domestic terrorist", so......ya, good luck, here's your chit, gtfo.