Must be frustrating to be a Government Official, what with trying to control people's behavior by making their choices for them and then facing such daunting opposition. Americans know the risks of smoking and do it anyway. Why? Because they like it!

Why not keep BLOOMBERG out of sight.

I'm actually having fun trying to figure out what he will do next. I'm guessing something to do with house plants or umbrellas.

Bloomberg, mind you're own business, you aren't king.

Wow, he really doesn't have anything more important to worry about in a city that size?

I see Bloomberg is at it again!!!  His "anti-soda" rule didn't work out, so he moves on to this.  Would this guy just please GO AWAY!!

we allowed them first to take away smokers rights and to allow taxation without representation  and now the politicians are going after sugar, salt booze and guns , when will people wake up and put a  stop  to  money hungry politicians

I've always suspected the people of NYC had no self control, it's a good thing they elected somebody who'll make sure they stay in line.

Interesting how NYC wants to get rid of anything or everything that are harsh for the city, e.g...cigaretts, big gulp, plastic bags   Yet, NYC doesn't do anything or everything to get rid of ghetto's, gangbangers, drug cartels and undocumented; these must be good for the city!

New Yorkers can't seem to think for themselves so I guess this is the only way.  You elected this nut case, now live with it!Bloomberg... A man who's just not content with being Mayor and overseeing the city's operations and functions, but bent on controlling individual liberties as well. He's outta control!

Big Brother is becoming a reality.

New York is something of a paradox ....obsessively minding everybody's business while providing a haven for financial scumbaggery that pays their bills in the form of tax revenues . Not really sure what to make of it all .

Bloomberg is totally out of control. He is an ELECTED official to do the WILL OF THE PEOPLE and not have all his little personal agendas. This freak needs to be FIRED!!!!

Atta boy, Bloomingidiot!  Napoleon lives!!!

Do citizens of NYC know most folks in this country think they are fools for letting this man dictate how they should live and spend their money?

Bloomberg's next move will be to force every business to provide bathroom monitors to enfoce a two sheet limit on wiping your butt.  Residential users will be forced to provide proof of use to the proper authorities.

New Yorkers you are getting a bad rap---for electing a complete Idiot Dictator for Mayor.  Hope you guys have better luck next election!

NYC progressives really do deserve Bloomberg.  Since you are so happy with him, please encourage him to stay there and not spread his socialist nanny state agenda outside of New York.

What gives with that wacko controlling mayor? No styrofoam, no drinks, no smokes in plain sight, but the murder rate is up, the #$%$ are still in business, as are the drug dealers, the city's finest are on trial, so what gives with the wacko nut job in office? Spending to much time trying to control eating and personal habits and not enough on running the city..Would govt please get back to governing, fixing roads, making sure schools work, arresting corrupt public officials (only kidding).  Stop measuring sodas and hiding smokes...you are elected to do real stuff....not this fluff.

Bloomberg just keeps getting crazier and crazier. It's actually almost fun to watch at this point.

Bloomingbird at work again................for smokers out of sight out of mind doesn't work. He needs to find a hobby.

Bloomberg and his cronies need a drug test ,seems that they are definitely on something other than the citizens backs

Are New York city officials really as stupid as they act?

When are the people of NY going to say enough is enough.  Then, they may be happy with someone telling them what they can and can not do.

Does king bloomberg think he is a.....King?  This guy is so wrapped up in himself.  He, like obama and other liberal democrats really do believet hey know what's best for us.  Only they have the intellect to make life choices.  Back off bloomy, you would not get far in Texas, wes till want to be free unlike New Yorkers.

The people should decide what is right or wrong in their lives. Not the goverment.

Is there no limit to the lunacy in New York city government?  I'm against smoking, too, but this is idiotic.

Okay, let's extend his reasoning here:  stop texting and talking on cell phones when driving; stop drug use and drinking; stop child abuse; stop elder abuse; stop government spending---now, there's a good one!   Bloomberg is no more than an elected bully, coming to a corner store near you to regulate your life.  Consider the morons who elected him!MAJOR control freak!

A little omnipotent don't you think?

NYC, the nanny city in the nanny state for people who can't think for themselves.

Hide the booze while your at it.  Don't want those little teenage girls getting drunk and....wait a minute.  Yes we do.

Adolf Bloomberg, what's your problem? No large sodas was lame, but keeping tobacco out of sight? Just because you can't see it doesn't mean it doesn't exist. Kind of like an ostrich sticking it's head in the sand.

Bloomberg needs to stay out of sight and out of peoples business.  Hes has lost his mind.

Oh, this will surely help!!  why didn't someone think of it a long time ago?  out of sight, out of mind!  i can just hear people say, "cigarettes?? What are those?"

...and it gets more ridiculous by the day.......

This Goof has TRULEY LOST HIS MIND .........................

These democrats pride themselves at being called "liberals". Maybe somebody should check the dictionary on the word "liberal" because the last thing a democrat is, is a person that can't keep their noses out of your business while demanding how you should live your life.Masterbation is next to be prohibited.  Start in the Mayors office.

There is nothing interesting about a cigarrette carton except the gruesome warnings on them.  The only kids who are paying any attention to the cigarrette cartons are the ones standing around while their parents are buying those cigarrettes and they see them at home too.  This isn't going to do much.

The fact that eighty per cent of high school graduates in New York City cannot read should be of greater concern to Bloomberg than big gulps and visible tobacco products.

What's next? telling the cigarette companies they have to put a special stamp on the packs/cartons showing they are from NYC and no out of city/state cigarettes are allowed in the city. If one is caught with an out of city/state pack or carton they will be issued a fine of no less the cost of the current price in the city?

Have never found that NOT seeing the item (smokes, beer, wine, liquor, drugs) have made me want to STOP the use of it.  It's just one more way the New Yorkers wamt to control your life.

gloomberg AGAIN? It's time to start thorough pre-election "background checks" on democrats, there's just way to much crazy.

If New York City is going to hide things that are bad for you, then they should hide Mayor Bloomberg in Bermuda.

If you're gonna smoke, you're gonna smoke.  Regardless if it's visible or not.  Teens know that cigarettes are a part of everyday life and will get them if they want them whether or not there's a sign up in the local convenience store.

Blommie is on a roll.  As a non smoker I agree with his position on smoking.  But this  idea doesn't' do anything other than bring deserved ridicule to him.

Doesn't NYC have bigger problems than 32 oz. sodas and playing hide and seek with cigarettes???bloomberg sure makes a good case for impeachment and or term limits.

Good Lord how do people elect idiots like this? Yes I know he has money but man were the people that ran against Bloomberg even worse. The scary part is he's reaching out and trying to influence other states and cities.

Why not limit sales to just one cigarette?

Are tobacco products still legal in NY? If they are this new rule does not make any since unless Bloomberg thinks all young people are as stupid as he is. Out of sight, out of mind has never worked.!

I really need to buy truck loads of cigarettes and sell them in NY.  Wow what a great maket and ripe for the picking too!!!

The monkey is running the zoo.

Cigarettes will go the way of Playboy and Hustler, under the counter.

Yeh right!!!  Here is a mayor who wants to hide cigs from public view in stores while his other co-hearts are legalizing pot.....so you can get high, drive your car and kill yourself or someone else but we certainly don't want you to smoke because its a health risk....yeh right!!!

Here's how much a liberal mind makes sense:Ban tobacco and legalize pot.

Now this??? What in hell is wrong with Bloomberg? And I say to him b---h go get your grimy yellow stained teeth fixed...this is a form of dictatorship with him being a damn dictator...What a nut job Bloomtard he must be a communist.a good American could not come up with this #$%$ and I do not believe he gave 600 mil around the world to anti-smoking efforts.and just how did he get to be a billionaire.and just where does all the cig tax money go.It is time for NYC to run this guy out of town on a rail.and maybe a little tar and feathers.

control freaks like this scare me. makes me want to know what their addiction is. they got one and all this control stuff is a cover up.

why do the people of New York continue to elect this POS..He thinks he is king?Just another liberal that thinks HE knows what is best for everyone else.I bet it REALLY sucks to be him

HEY BLOOMIE...........GET THE LIVING HELL LOST !

$12 a pack for cigarettes??  That would be enough to make me quit!!!

When bloomberg passes he will not be missed.

Hide them condoms next to the porn too... Oh, you don't hide porn? Sorry my bad.

What's next, snow cones?

who voted this guy in for three terms

you know this guy aint nothing to do all day but regulate new york city.good luck for all that voted for this idiot.Bloomberg out buying the world in his misfit image.

Bloomberg again.  Smokers, you should have been represented.

Bloomberg wants to try and control as much of his citizens lives as possible....#2 Herr Fuhrer after OWEBama. Soon to come....permits required for marrieds to have sex...!

"Out of sight, out of mind"? Probably not. Perhaps he should ban displays of pizza and other fast food?

i hate to see anyone have to put up with a sorry SOB like bloomburg, good luck to you NYORKERS

This will become just like porn,the more you hide it the more people want it.

Enough is enough ! Time for Feuhrer Bloomberg to go!

Like thats almost going to do any good. Just like his 32 oz soda ban. What an #$%$ hole.

"Such displays suggest that smoking is a normal activity," Bloomberg said. "And they invite young people to experiment with tobacco."Let's do the same with homosexuals!!!

ah relax everyone bloomberg is just trying to turn the east coast into the west coast.Next thing you know - some Mayor will be saying that all jews should be kept out of sight.Oh...wait - isn't that what happened back in...Bloomberg is a complete FOOL.

Bloomberg is doing what he thinks is right..But, this is a democracy, put it up for vote, let the People decide.

KING Bloomberg says it is so - therefore it shall be LAW.Time for the citizens to storm the castle and remove the King.

It's time for New Yorker's to vote Doomberg out of office.Your freedoms are at stake.

Cigarettes are a legal product within the USA.

These f...ing NY public servants are out of control. What's next, are they going to dictate what we eat? I see beer in convenience store all the time. Next we will hear this little prick say, "Such displays suggest that drinking is a normal activity, and they invite young people to experiment with alcohol." Again bloomberg, F... You. Get the F... Out of New York, we are sick of your stupidity.

Bloomberg needs to be out of sight he is allready out of his mind.

Yet #$%$ and dealers on the street corners are alright.

If he succeeds in this what's next? Put all candy and chips out of sight? This guy thinks way too much of himself.

Dam, does Adolf ever stop!!!Boy, that crazy dude is just FULL of stupid ideas, ain't he!

Wow, now NY will teach teach kids to stay away from reality.

I reckon the ole chap is everyone's daddy in New York. I take it ya'll can't make a decision on things so he steps in and makes it for ya'll. How asinine. I'd tell that sob to kiss it where it don't shine and worry about his house and stay out of mine.

Just starting another part of Obama's CHANGE.

don't forget the condom's girly mag's rolling paper's uhh hell keep eberything out of sight ! got to love those lib's (LMAO)

what is the biggest joke of the picture on the screen is  all the dope smokin rolling papers in the background good shot you liberal  journalist , great shot cut you nose off to spite your face hehehehehe what a joke

What's next? A ban on high capacity cigarette packs?

bloomburg a excellent example of an obamas dictatorship

i live in the south, we drink big gulps, we got our guns, we smoke if we want, we B-B-Q, we dont put up with bloomburg pee on himAnd Yes blommburg i said #$%$ on you

Goes to show how STUPID New Yorkers are.....Majority Voted for Bloomberg. And he is not done placing bans on many other things.....In a way they deserve this fella.You can buy Oxycoton cheaper than you can buy a pack of Cigs in NYC.YES - that's when you know things are clearly out of control.Thank your local DEMS.

Put Pledge of Allegiance, corporate punishment and prayer back in our school system and the whole USA will be a better place!!!

heil hitler...i mean bloomberg

this idiot is what needs to be kept out of sight...he is the most simple minded zillionaire ever...

How can this guy act like a dictator?  Why are Bloomberg's rules allowed to be laws without a vote?  I'm not a smoker but am against dictatorship and this a..hole.

hide everything / lock the doors and pass whatever the customer wants thru a hole in the door

Somebody needs to send Bloomberg a carton of Lucky Strikes and a gallon jug of Pepsi - with the note telling him to get lost.

PAPA Bloomberg just cares so much about the unwashed  masses

Under the liberals and Democrats NYC and other parts of the nation have become a POS under their stupid laws and rulings. Too bad.

That Bloomberg cracks me up. What next Mikey..Hair dyed unnatural colors?...Stinky feet? Ice cream?Is it aganst the law to Breathe or drink Water in New York YET? You people in New York better set your sails on a different course when the next election comes around! Next they,ll require you to give a DNA sample everytime you take a S~H~I~T.

They tax the sh....t out of them - but then want to ban them also.Now you know why they're called the mindless democrats.

Have you seen the cost of a pack of CIGS in NY ?Talk about raping the citizens.

Tell me there's no way these people can escape and infest the rest of America - PLEASE!

NYC you were hip in the 70`s

Boobburg has jumped the shark!!

Man this guy has gone absolutely crazy, he's beginning to think he's God.

First out of sight then none at all.

I think that old boy needs a vacation far away from New York. I've been there several times and the best view of New York City is in my rear view mirror getting smaller and smaller and.......

well People,  the liberials are on a rampage from coast to coast, Is this really what Americans voted for?This reminds me of the MILLIONS in Obamas "Health" package for "education" of the LBGT community for tobacco addiction... Seems they suffer disproportionately. Thank God for our compassionate Liberal fascists...

Seems like he's going way too far .  Dictating what private business can or cannot do, sounds like a dictatorship as Jennifer stated...

NYC= Big Brother.

bloom #$%$ what a joke !!!

i think NY toted obumer to victory , and bloombutt voted for him to so hush, dont want to here your cryin

I can see it now. New York police capture a man carrying a loaded 32 oz sugary drinkand smoking a cigarette in plain sight.

Bloomberg needs to find something to do with his time.  He is infringing on the public's RIGHTS.  Because cigarettes are visible to patrons, does NOT tempt people to smoke.  He is an IDIOT.  (I was trying to figure out how much these cartons of cigs are costing.  I KNOW a carton is not $12.)  Screw Bloomberg.  He's lost his mind.

Geez does New Yorkers have any self control  over what they put in to their bodies

Tobacco items out of sight yet alcohol in full view.  We're becoming the laughing stock of the world

OK, this is enough.  I'm personally not a smoker and I don't like smoking, but this is SIMPLY NOT A ROLE OF GOVERNMENT!Bloomberg is an idiot. He doesn't like large size sodas, so he has them banned. He doesn't smoke, so he's going to make it harder for retailers to make a living. There's a common thread in all of these anti-smoking campaigns, and that's to get more money from the people who use a legal product. Has anyone else noticed though, that no one ever attempts to increase taxes on alcohol products, including beer, wine and hard liquor?

Is this truly New York's biggest problem?

I would rather have Bloomerberger kept out of sight, and his volume turned off too.  This clown's think tank is running on empty........!!  Why, people of New York, do you allow this person to be your mayor?

In my opinion Bloomberg has totally lost his mind, and I'm a Democrat saying this.  What the heck is wrong with this guy?

Can you imagine life under a king. Will someone please explain this to King in his own FRACKING mind Bloomberg.

They should devise a plan to keep Bloomberg out of sight.....now that would be one worth reading about.

Ban sewage overflow into the rivers and wet lands if you want to do something clean them up go check it out the rivers and marsh lands have more poop than a toilet bowl.You go into a store !st thing you see is crack pipes and rolling paper anyway.

Since only adults can buy cigs anyway, who are they hiding it from?  It's not like dirty magazines where the covers are suggestive.

Mayor Bloomberg is nuts.

What would one expect from a Bleeding heart Liberal in a Blue state. One has to be crazy to live in NYCcan you do the same with hillary you bunch of losers..

Someone needs to explain to this guy that NYC is NOT a nanny for its residents.  Cigarettes are a legal product and the mayor has no business deciding where the retailer can market their products.

What else would you expect from Communist NYC.

N.Y. $ 13.00 a pack of smokes ...what the (bleep ) are in those cigs .... that's why there's a black market ... and people complain about all the shootings going around .. people get fed up of being taken advantage of then go ballistic. weed must be cheaper up there

sure hope NY gets one natural disater after another until its wiped completely off the map

The Health Gestapo is alive and well in New York City.

I have a plan when anybody walks into a store they have to wear a blindfold so as not to see all the bad stuff in there

the bloomaxx of NYC , its spring , hes in full bloom

Why is a Mayor tried to be a father?

Put the gays back in the closet with the tobacco productsNext will be liquer.  The people in New York are going to have to show whether or not they have the B_LLS to stand up to this BLOOMING IDIOT.  He is worse than Obama and thats bad.

Now I'm not a smoker, but Bloomberg really needs to get a life and leave the public alone. Bloomberg is out of touch with reallity and needs long term therpy. Stop trying to be a dictator you dumb #$%$!

When are you people in New York going to get rid of your IDIOT mayor?If you want to buy a gun, eat a dozen hamburgers a day, drink big gulpsall day, buy tobacco products, it should be your choice, not the New Yorkcity government run by some idiot mayor.

I don't like smoking either, but this is getting freaking ridiculous. This has become a Witch Hunt.

Instead of putting tobacco product out of sight how about Bloomberg.  He's such a health Nazi.

This is one crazy mayor.

they were successful on pulling the ads for tabbaco off TV , so it's really not a long shot but hey all the smokers will still know they are there so it's kinda like what's the point?

What is hiding cigs really going to do to curb smoking? I would think if you are paying over $13.00 a pack, you would probably want to give them up anyway

They should put Bloomberg out-of-sight.

Liberalism is nothing but a fanatical religion. It want's to dictate what you can and can't do and who can and can't do it.If smokers want to buy cigaretts, they should be allowed to do so without having to "hunt" for them in stores.  However, smokers should not be allowed to sue tabacco companies when they are diagnoised with lung or any other type of cancer.  The warnings are clear:  smoking causes cancer.  You want to smoke, go ahead, but don't try to sue because you are too stupid to quit.

S ...O ...C ...I ....A ....L ....I ....S ... MIt must be crushed, Before it spreads throughout this country. Vote OUT Democrats

I've told you time after time...you open the door for a Democrat liberal and they're NEVER done...NEVER.

Come on Bloomberg. Just ban Tobacco from the New York City like you want to ban guns. You can live without the taxes from tobacco can’t you? According to your office own numbers, more people die from tobacco than guns each year.

Who died and deemed Bloomberg Jesus Christ the Savior!!!  This is an egotistical power control Freak!

Next Bloomberg will regulate how many breaths you can take per day so that no one gets more than anyone else. He extended his own term and pays for political gain in other states ( The Illinois election to replace the corrupt JJ Jr). This power freak will not stop even out of office till he obtains his ultimate goal of world domination. He and those like him must be stopped before it's too late. It took many years and many deaths to acheive our freedoms that are now being denied and revoked as the sheeple follow. Stand up and defend our freedoms . Vote out all the power hungry lunitics .

you good folks in NY need to get rid of his axx if you oppose him, damm enough is enough

BLOOMBURGS plan,not a damn thing to do with new yorkers.

Could someone please find a judge who could rule Bloomberg as being legally insane.

Old fart bloomberg needs a new agenda. Stop wasting tax payer's time on the smoking issue. It is a losing battle. Has anyone told that old fart that?This #$%$ is doing everything possible to stop people from smoking. People will smoke no matter what. You can hide all the cigs in the world. People will still buy cigarettes. You can hide them behind the counter, behind a curtain, you can hide them up the store's mangaer's rearend. People will buy cigarettes. This old fart bloomberg. Has nothing to do. But think of ideas. To make american citizen's life. More uncomfortable and take thier freedoms away. What this old fart should be doing is working on ways to kick out all those illegals in nyc. Also work on cleaning up the streets from gangs. How about the over crowding in the prisons and jails? Wasting time on restricting the smokers. What a old fart.

And the ubber libs won't think anything is wrong with continuing to elect control freaks until something they do is banned or restricted.  Then the idiots will say, "They've gone too far this time."When will people wake up and realize that the party of Democrats has become the party of regulating and controlling you, "In Your Best Interest?"

He says it's not about the money, but he wants to ban coupons, discounts, and impose a minimum price point. All of these things would maximize the already outlandish taxes.

Did not realize that the next Hitler and Hitleress (Boomberg and Feinstein) were going to be Jewish.  Can't smoke, can't have my guns, can't eat fats and salt, can't have my big sugary drink."Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose"

Has it come to this? Over protective Grandma Government protecting us from soda &amp; cigs...what happened to the war on drugs?

Making money off of others addictions should be done in secret. That's how the government does it.

Tobacco products are banished from sight; tobacco sales drop; revenue from tobacco sales tax falls; other taxes have to be raised to compensate; more and more people buy their tobacco products from the trunk of someone's car; legal sales continue to drop; tax revenue continues to drop; taxes continue to rise; the black market flourishes...

Bloomberg really is an idiot, he needs to pay attention to feeding the pigeons

I think that condoms should be left in plain view because we don't want to encourage teens to become pregnant and have more babies like that turn into adults like Michael Bloomberg!

"Such displays suggest that smoking is a normal activity," Bloomberg said. "And they invite young people to experiment with tobacco." How about alcohol, condoms, sugary  gum, and the states favorite, lottery. People spend there last dollar on the lottery, but that’s a healthy thing to teach a young adult.   Where does this end and where did this guy come from, China……Probably be a good idea to hide Condoms also. That way 5 year olds will not be able to ask questions regarding them. How bout Tampons and Beer also?

"The ban on displaying cigarettes follows similar laws in Iceland, Canada, England and Ireland." Is there any DATA that this measure actually prevented any youth from beginning to smoke? Come on Liberals  - give me ANY proof that smoking by youth is lower in those countries than in NYC due to this ban and there is no other reason for it (like dramatically higher prices).

Who in the hel does this S  O  B  think he is? NOTHING BUT A LIB POS !!!!!!!!!!!!

King Bloomberg and King Obama up to there socialist tactics. Under aged kids should have to show an ID. Slowly but surely they are eroding our freedoms............it will start with smoking, the big gulp, then guns, then cars............they want an totalitarian socialist state

bloomberg ur a communist

And I thought Obama was way out there.  This guy is a complete nutcase!

What is this guys problem ?  Next is Bloomberg going to make grocery stores hide the cookies and potato chips... Then ban them from selling salt and make produce purchases mandatory?How is this nutcase keeping his job???

Why do the people put up with this arrogant idiot impeach the screwball surely he has done something wrong, Bloomberg and others like him have no business "Dictating" to the people like a power hungry dictator and others like him, get them out of office.

When will it end? Are they going start making us drop our shorts and see if we are hiding cigs in there and checking to see if we have a hot water bottle filled with our favorite soft-drink hidden in our shorts?  It's time to take this up the ladder to the supreme court of the U.S.

hell better than that dont sell em, new york i mean sin city will have no population soon, all you guys and gals that think like we do in the south  come on down let bloomburg HAVE IT. COME ON DOWNAlcohol is not far behind.  Then there will be controls on how much you can buy; they will keep track of that.  Maybe even reporting to insurance if your purchase tobacco, alcohol, eat a fatty diet.  Dictatorship?  The last word of the article.  It's a small dose of what big government believes they are capable of - if they are allowed to.

new dorkers............to bad you can't hide the idiot you call a mayor.................

people got a little tired of coming home from work &amp; finding strange kids &amp; people in the home for shelter.

They sure like the taxes they get off tobacco don't they......

If the purpose of hiding cigarettes is to protect minors from smoking in the first place, just don't sell smokes to children.

when are you people going to get fed up with this little #$%$ and vote him out?

80 years to late !

Ok, lets go back to the 60's and 70's Putting all personal items ( Condoms, Femine productsDepends and Personal Jellies) in the back room, and if purchased, they must be put in a paper bag. ID required

Why does this Bloomberg fool insist on being in eveyones business?  The bedroom will most likely be next!

It's possible  to do a  law suit to  slow him down. Bloomberg is indirectly taking earnings away from business. I wonder if Bloomberg learned this stuff from Obama.Chavez the little dictator did not die. He is alive and well in the form of bloomberg. hugo bloomberg

I say we vote to keep bloomberg out of sight..

Yea, I guess those people that smoke will quit because they can't see them in the store

HYPOTHETICAL EXAMPLE:Let’s say that a new Mayor has just been elected for one of the largest major cities of the USA.This new Mayor now decides it would be best – just because he/she THINKS and BELIEVES it is best, no matter what anyone else says – that all Kosher Food products should be banned from being sold within the city – and also should not even be allowed to be consumed within the city limits.Remember – this new Mayor has done this just because he/she thinks and believes it is the best for everyone involved – no matter what anyone else thinks or says – just because that is what THEY think and believe -  and therefore – that is the way it will be regarding the sale and consumption of all Kosher Food products within the City.QUESTION:I wonder what Mr. Bloomberg and Miss Feinstein (California Senator proposing the banning of some 2,200 guns) would think about that proposed new law and regulation?FYI – that scenario presented above is NO DIFFERENT from what Bloomberg and Feinstein are both proposing  – just substitute the words of “16 ounce soda’s” and “guns”, with the words Kosher Food Products in each one of their new laws and regulations they are proposing, respectively.YES – Bloomberg and Feinstein are complete FOOLS.

OMG this is so foolish it's nt even worht the effort to comment on

The Soviet anti-Smoking Program took effect a long time ago, and its slippery framework is coming for your favorite activity.

Whats next ? telling stores they must hide Underwear so no Youth can see them ?

Nazi Germany in America.

When is election time for a new mayor in New York???  I hope its soon.

Michael Bloomburg was elected mayor, not my father or God.Is this the aftermath of that cannibal case, or the prelude? Tobacco is any useful plant that human beings use.

Libs can never make enough laws for the people.  Inch by inch they take more and more rights away.  While I agree smoking is not good, tobacco is legal.  Leave people alone and let them decide for themselves.

$12 dollars a pack, i would drive to another state and buy them before i would pay that.

I remember on  military base, a carton of off brand were $5 and marlboro was $7 a carton , i road my bike to the store sometimes for my neighbor in 1976 and bought winstons for her for 42 cents a pack and now their  $12 a pack in NYC, you can buy drugs cheaper then cigarettes.

I as your mayor now declare that all citizens must wear their underwear on the outside....so that we may verify that you are wearing underwear..

For a bunch of people who claim to be "tough", you sure do need a lot of baby sitting.

Don 't this stupid sob of a mayor have anything to do except run around trying to tell people how to act in thier private lives what a a hole

Bloomberg is a total Idiot. They can get rid of his #$%$ at the polls next election.

right  but keep  those  lottery  scratch  offs  in  plain  sight.

Are cigarettes $12 a pack in NYC?i never knew just seeing cigarettes were so hazardous. and yet beer and liquor advertising is everywhere! and glamorize the heck out of alcohol? i can't remember the last time i saw someone get into a fight or getting out of hand over having too many cigarettes, or get behind the wheel and get into fatal crashes because they had too much to smoke!!  my lord, what ever became of freedom of choice??

If he so badly wants to protect everyone from their own decisions, then he should ban everything except fruits and vegetables. Then it will be a liberal utopia and everyone will be happy as clams and live forever in NYC.

Why doesn't he just outlaw selling Cigarettes in the city? Oh wait,no not that! Lose all that tax money? No way...... What a Farce.

Better plan : Keep Bloom-weird out of sight !

If this works out, we can have merchants hide the candy bars also. Better yet, we should hide the strawberries!

This guy has gone off the deep end, any relation to Hitler? He doesn't have bigger fish to fry than to worry who is eating/drinking/smoking? What's next, a ban on tampons? No more supersize tampons?

Sweep it all under the carpet.... click your heels together three times, close your eyes and say "I want this to be Disneyland... I want this to be Disneyland".....

How in the world did such an #$@%^ become mayor, Oh, don't answer that cause the same people must have elected Obama!

WHAT ABOUT THE RUBBERS BLOOMIE?

Like porn, Playboy, etc, was kept out of sight in my day.WE teens knew that the stores had them.What the hell is in the water in NYC?Bloomberg - The Gun-Soda- Tobacco  NAZI !

THIS GUY IS OUT OF CONTROL

This is just dumb.  Cigs are a legal product.  What is this?  1940 and you have to whisper that you want to buy condoms?

Eating your money for lunch does strange things to da thinking process. This will certainly keep 5 year olds from trying to purchase tobaccer.

this guy needs therapy/ he is certfiable.

I am so glad I refused a transfer to New York back in the day. I couldn't be around a lunatic mayor who acts like Bloomberg. Has he had an MRI lately? I'll bet it shows a major gap in his skull where his brain used to be but you'd find posters of Hitler, Stalin, Mao and Obama in its place.

Ban everything in NYC!  In the restaurants have everyone spit anything out that gives them pleasure.  Make sure it has no salt, trans fats or sugar in it.  If you are having any fun, STOP IT!!! Fun is not allowed in his city.Gloomberg... what a P U T Z !!!!!!

it's better to use some herb if it can be applied for use in other instances.

Bloomberg is worse than Rick "slick" Perry. I feel sorry for you guys......

Can we just keep Bloomberg out of sight? He is removing all doubt that he is a first class idiot!!If you own a fireplace he will make you pay a carbon footprint tax. One of New York's finest!

Does this chowder head have anything important to think about.You better hide those cigarettes before someone tries to buy them.

Whats up with this City? first pop, now cigarettes, what next, Racial Profiling?

Bloomberg must have a very low opinion of NYC citizens.

Bloomberg did you set on your balls again?

Bloomberg: "And while you're at it, I want ALL soda and Slurpee machines out of site!  Dunkin Donuts --- ALL of your #$%$ out of sight!  McDonalds, Burger King, Wendys --- ALL of your menu boards out of site!  And, ALL advertising for those, plus gum with sugar is prohibited!  Heil, Bloomberg!!!  Ya vol, heir commendant!!!

bloomburg is a obama communist muslim

This idiot is just starting, you better watch out.

What's next Condoms!?!

"BLOOMBERG, GO F YOURSELF'. BASTORD..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Will he have stores hide condoms becaues that would promote kids to have sex.

Oh that will work just like it does at home, NOT!

Get out of our business Mr. ban start to govern like you took an oath to do.

Stop being a dictator and complete your term as mayor.  After that, please, move to Iceland, Canada, England or Ireland.

Does the guy in the photo look like he's giving the photographer a dirty look, or what  ?!......I could be wrong, but he looks like he's not real happy with the new law.I'm ALL for it.............since I have been related to / known / worked with at least 7-- 8 people who have died or are dying from Cancer and / or Emphysema from smoking. I'd be happy to see ALL the cigarette and tobacco companies go out of business.

you people have an extra man in all of your lives,he is supposed to help guide nyc not dictate your life!!!!!!!

I feel sorry for the people in New York this guy is total NUTS what next

Bloomberg the Democrat..i guess he's going to save everyone from themselves lol ..Theres simply too many socialist and liberals in the Democratic party we need a 3rd party..that would make both Democrats &amp; Republicans nervous :-)

IT IS TIME FOR THE NO GOOD BOSTONIAN TO GO!!!

Ignorant people always will deny the health dangers and insist it is their right to use an idiotic product....they can go suck an exhaust pipe!He thinks he's the King of New York.  POS.

So much for a person's right to do what they want with their bodies.

Hey New YorkCity...YOU voted this blooming idiot in...now enjoy!!!

I am not a smoker, but cigarettes are legal to sell, they sure are quick to collect the high taxes they receive from the sales.  If it's sooo bad for the public, should our caring government not totally ban cigarettes/nicotine?  NYC (mayor/etc) must not have anything bigger to concern themselves with then "hiding" legal products in stores...what a joke.

You know I am beginning to think Bloomberg has some brain ailment, like stupidity or something. It is not like hiding condoms from kids way back when. As adults we just go ask for the smokes we want.

How many of you complaining about Bloomberg voted for Obama?  Birds of a feather...............

I live in Oh. &amp; make my own cigs. A 16 oz bag of tobacco &amp; 400 tubes cost me $19.88. About $1.10 a pack. The manual machine cost about $45.00 Sure beats $140.00 a carton in Manhattan.

Great idea. Just like sex. Hide it.

The whole smoking issue boils down to punitive taxation, taxation without representation and is not only wrong it is unconstitutional period.  Now they want to push the issue farther.  All this under the guise of public health which is total BS btw it's all about the money honey.  Money, Power, and Control.  It has nothing to do with public health, has nothing to do with any BS study, most of which have been shown to be total #$%$.  Welcome to the Nanny State people.  It is sad how many mindless worms there are in this nation and in the world.  These are the stepping stones to Socialism, Communism, or Dictatorship, all systems that have failed miserably yet there are still mindless people out there that actually believe that these systems can or will work.  We are moving away from the founders dreams of a free nation, a free people, to a nation of government dependent mindless minions.  Pathetic and I never thought it would happen in my lifetime.  That's ok though cause I and many others are gearing up and getting ready for the reboot.

Howard Hughes was a billionaire too and went nuts in the end demanding people conform to his beliefsI'm not from New York and it amazes me that it's citizens put up with this guy!  There seems to be so many more significant issues in NYC...the least of which is the 9/11 victims &amp; survivors?  What has really been done for all the first responder's etc.?

Bloomberg, I have a good suspicion that your days as mayor is numbered.

but they still want the tax revenue  !!!!    ban the ciggerettes  then and get no taxes  !!

Doesn't the blooming idiot have more important things to do?

New york and California  are they going crazy

Thank GOD that NYC has a man like Bloomberg to keep his eye on the prize! Besides who else would worry about this and the Big Gulp fiasco?

I hate smoking with a passion.... highly allergic to cigarette smoke. But when he says putting them on display suggests that smoking is a normal activity............ well..... DUH! It is. How dumb do you have to be to not know that?So, if you're going to hide cigarettes, you might as well hide the display of condums too.... cause everyone knows you light up a cigarette afterwards!If you want kids to not smoke - educate them - educate their parents, but at the end of the day, it still boils down to accountability - accountability for one's own actions. Period!! Stop treating citizens like babies - we gotta grow up sometime.

do you think those guys from Ohio that raped the 16yr old smoked,oh ya they were drunk,lets keep the beer next to the soda pop

Soda control, food control, gun control, tobacco control ... in a former mafia place. Like him or not, this guy has guts.

Bloomberg needs to get a life!This is going to create jobs.Work on something thats important Bloomberg your an idiot.

We're doing these health things to save lives," Bloomberg said Monday..... Ahhh why don't you do something about the g@ngb@ng criminal with illegal guns. That saves lives too.

Sorry New york City. You now have the next Little Hitler. Wait until he bans overweight people from living in his city. Oh be careful up there. The firing squads may start next week.

Tobacco was introduced to new comers to American by native Americans.  Bloomberg is racist.

At $13.00 a pack hide them hell, they deserve to shown in show case. Doesn't it register to people how much revenue is brought in. Hiding is not going to do a dam thing, Dumburg believes in "Out Of Sight, Out of Mind". Quit trying to policing people, you freak'n idiot.

Whats this  New York City the new MOSCOW  USSR?

Why not ban alcohol,ice cream,meat (save the cows) fish (save the fish)

We started this country to get away from the oppressive rules and here we are 230+ years later doing the same #$%$. How about you let me decide how much of what I put into my body, if I get sick don't fix me. I can deal with that. Either that or get ready for another civil war. Wanna fix your money troubles? Quit paying for all the perks to the illegals. Quit diversity training.....let nature work. Quit telling me how to run my life.....

obamanation and you. brought to you by foreign racist votes, no ID required! to vote us into the commie third world, for the human rights of WHO? stupid is, as stupid does. racist insurgents have'nt figured this out yet? no wonder mexico sucks! along with africa, central america, an south. why do texans carry guns? we HAVE to on the southern border here. kinda like an IQ check. vote for obama, commit crimes against americans, get shot, an cry for hope. SHEEEESH! stupid does, as stupid is. YUP! later all.

I can't think of anything to say.......this is so stupidTwo places ya' don't wanna' live...L.A. or (anywhere in California), they wanna' tax the air you breath. And of course good ol' New York. A liberal mayor and basically "just an idiot" !

Bloomberg is a socialist facist pig.  Did he forget that the bill of rights gives individuals certain rights as long as you do not infringe on the rights of others.  He's just on big infringement.

Now all we need to do is come up with a way to program peoples actions and remove their desire to have personal choice. What the hell is wrong with Bloomberg.

Can you say...nanny state?

Why doesn't someone ban the idiot Bloomberg? I believe I would have to move away if that idiot was dictator in the city I live in! How do New Yorker's put up with his BS?

He was already sued over the sodas and lost. Is this guy just bored or what?

and the control list grows  !  whats next ?  candy, ice cream, a large milk shake !  get real mayor this is the land of the free !

NYC......land of the controlled, over regulated, liberal idiots......

HEIL bloomburg as@ wipe what a dictator!

I think he loves reading all these comments,because he sure does not know how to govern a city. Soon he will be retired and on his yacht drinking a 32 oz. gin and tonic..Small businesses need to sue the city of New York for placing undue burdens on them and their customers. Does Bloomberg really think that will deter already addicted people from smoking? Let's see I read something somewhere....Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness......

He must control you, he must tell you what to do, he must force you to do his bidding.But you better not try to tell him what to do.

Legalize marijuana and outlaw the demon weed tobacco.

When Bloomberg was born, he fell out of Bammy's #$%$

So if you can't see 'em, they don't exist?  Bloomberg logic.

hiding them might not stop people from applying for special permission to use them to get their kids to stay inside the house almost entirely.  that, not only for building, electrical, stalkers.  there's few that you even see outside; they probably got their fill of running next door for a basement shelter or putting in houses built to stay put in bad storms.  i remember we had to seek shelter &amp; go home, when storms were ten miles away from a gadget.

i think that would be more effective than putting them in plain sight.  whatever it is that herbal supply uses them for, such as an antidepressant, antihistamine (it would be, it dries the lungs i would assume), those among other things, such as trying to keep or get others you might think were impaired to adhere to you for their safety.  the nasty dispositions brought on by the use is not nice.

New york is turning into north korea

I’m surprised it’s an issue; $12.00 for a pack of cigarettes? How do people in NY afford tobacco products?  Does it come down to a choice between food and smokes?

Bloomberg is a Communist.How dumb can these people be. To prevent fires ,they made ciggeretts to turn off automatically when they are not being puffed.  Now people are smoking a hell of a lot more. JUST TO KEEP THEM LIT,THEY PUFF AND PUFF SO THEY WON'T TURN OFF and thus smoking a lot more.Where is the sense in that? EDUCATED IDIOTS!

MORE BLOOMBURGBULLSHIT

Mmmm, less see...hide'um like ugly kids and maybe they will go away?

One man tries to put a small dent in industry that spends $10 billion a year in marketing an addictive product, and everyone jumps on HIM.  Shame.

why does he not do the same with alcohol

Why is it that the most liberal of politicians want to impose the most restrictions?Bloomberg should worry more about the dangers in doing normal, routine activities, like riding the subway... How many have died so far this year...?

HEY!!! NEW YORKERS....YOU VOTED FOR THIS MIDGIT TURD......HE'S YOUR FAULT.....

hope the smokers buy their cigarettes in jersey, anyplace  to avoid paying  Bloomberg 's high taxes and offense to the product! play the lotto elsewhere too! avoid sales taxes in the stinking town! see how quick the greedy dictator changes his mind.

Who this guy think he is a DICTATOR.?

He has lost his mind!!! Whats next? to hide alcohol and beer in stores because of drunk driving.Don't worry I'm sure the harmless alcohol will still be front and center with billboards and tv commercials

And here i thought this was a free country.

Keep the 16 ounce soda out of sight also! Some fat Democrat might drink it and die! {Could only hope!}

Keep him outta sight would be a better plan

Keep it up Bloomers, the liberal "voice of reason". Hey Mikey, using your logic, why don't you put a bag over your melon and ban yourself.

Evidently Bloomberg has too much time and money on his hands.  Can't imagine why big soda's or cigarette's can out weight the fried foods and condoms they pass out at school daily not to mention the legalization of marijuana and alcohol.  Just another person wanting to control all mankind.

Come on New York ... lock Bloomberg up , he's gone over the deep end ! And I don't even smoke !!

It looks like a pack costs $12.00They should hide the smokes because of that high price. What does gas go for a gallon?

sounds like retaliation to me, little brat stomping his feet, not fair, not fair*, he can be booted out of office by the people, thank goodness I dont live there.

(Most) people are smart enough to know that smoking is bad for everyone. Go away, Bloomberg.Never understood smoking in the first place.(roll eyes)

NYC should just change it's name to Stalingrad. And, the title Mayor to Czar.

Didn't even read it.  It sure kept people from buying dirty books.

The only thing needed to be kept out of sight is bloomberg himself. Stop telling people how to live.

In NYC do you have to say"yes mother" after he speaks?

this bloomberg is a freakin idiot. but then again them idiots in new york dont know any better.

LOL! Keep soda out of sight while you're at it, libtard Bloomberg!!!!!!

Bloomberg did anyone ever tell you you were only a mayor and not God????

That sounds almost like the Federal Reserve system.Keep it behind the curtain and hide the activities from the public.The only difference is there are actual physical cigarettes behine the counter, whereas there is NO money behind the Fed's counter.

Wellcome to the new USSR.YOU DONT KNOW HOW LUCKY YOU ARE.I don't smoke but this idea of Dooshberg's is stupid. New Yorkers you need to elect a Republican. A REAL Republican.

a police state as imagined by Michael Bloomberg..

Over the years NYC has been plagued with a host of problems, murder, drugs, prostitution,etc.  It is comforting to know that NYC has now become such a model city that its Mayors biggest concerns are soft drinks and cigarettes.

With over 100,000 cases of HIV/AIDS in NYC and thousands of new diagnoses each year, you wonder why the good mayor hasn't called for a ban on man-on-man sex which has been identified as the primary risk factor in nearly half of those infected, not including the nearly 20% of cases in which no primary risk factor was identified.

This man just does not, have anything else to do...well he wont be back in office..

Keep condoms out of sight.  Keep tobacco out of sight, Keep beer, slaty chips, cokes, candy out of sight.  He'll--keep EVERYTHING out of sight.  And, no one will ever know it's there.  This is the worst case of DENIAL BRAINWASHING I've ever seen.

Bloomberg really needs to start minding his own business.If you want to target what is wrong with tobacco, target the nicotine levels, and make sellers offer nictone free tobacco.There are some people, I am one, who just enjoy smoking.  Without the addiction, no one would smoke 60 cigarettes in a day.  And sorry, cigarette haters, but no one would die from smoking one, two or even five cigarettes a day.It's smoking 20-60 that kills.

here comes bloomeberg again, and he's after tobacco this time, he's all caped up and on the soapbox... he's social engineering for all of us..."oh bloomberg, oh bloomberg, save us from ourselves" .... we are just little sheep who have gone astray... soon the thought police will be at your door...."I'll get you, my pretty - and your little dog too"....    Mike has just never been the same since somebody dropped a house on his sister...

Gees, I hate this guy, I will never ever visit the "rotten apple".

Hide the smokes but it's OK to leave the TOP rolling papers in sight. What are those used for anyway Mom?A study of 100 smokers smoking 2 packs a day for 28 years showed only 16 got cancer. How can that be a cause? If you got a 16 on a test wouldn't you be a total failure? The prime cause of cancer has clinically been proven over and over yet ignored. Smoking is a secondary cause. In that case a ton of other products should also be kept out of sight.

What is verboten this time? Square displays?

Hey New Yorkers you better keep a eye on Mayor Bloomberg. Is he trying to grow a little tiny black mustache and walking around throwing his arm out and up in the air? Or is he buying up a lot of Koolaid lately.  Or is he trying to grow his hair long and have it be curly and preach and play the guitar and sing? Just wondering because man oh man what is he trying to do to you people. I mean really he is trying so hard to be your leader and run your lives. I think I would have to tell him where to get off. He is just trying to be helpful and care about NY's lives supposedly but I think you can take care of your selfs. Your adults and can do what you want!!! Hey Mayor Bloomberg give it up and get off their backs. Remember ...........THIS IS THE UNITED STATES, LAND OF THE FREE!!!!!!!!

New Yorkers cow down once agin to their god blumie just keep bending over and they will keep pulling your rights away because he he knows whats best for you and he will keep you safe

Bloomberg means well, but he's a maniac out of control. Anyone remember Adolph Hitler? It fits. All too well.

what a jack wad..go get laid,drunk and have a smoke

time to take back our country..time for a much needed revolution

But you guys would vote this nutjob back in in a heartbeat. He would make a good mayor in a N Korean village or Gulag

you got to love this guy, he was born to make NOISE,,,,,,,,,keep those cigarettes out of sight BUT LET ALL THOSE LOSING LOTTERY TICKETS FLOAT ALL OVER THE GROUND, WHEREVER YOU LOOK

Has this IDIOT lost his mind,or is he just a good Dimocrat ??move out of NY or move him out, really I just read that its $13 a pack! really?! holy smokes thats outrageous! move west, its about $15 a pound!!!!

Out of sight? What good would that do? They're already behind the counter. If you're really, really concerned about cigarettes, ban them altogether.  Won't help but at least be realist. :-) Bloomberg needs to get "out of sight."

Would this include used undergarments at resale shops with tobacco stains?

How about banning Bloomberg from NYC ??????

I think people should have the right to harm themselves physically by being obese, smoking, drug addicts, etc as long as their habits do not create harm to anyone else. But they should also have to pay more for insurance because they are more at risk just as people with risky professions have to pay more. Young men have higher car insurance premiums because statistically they have more wrecks causing more expense - same for health care. There is a price to be paid for risky living habits. No politician has been able to legislate common sense.

whats NY gonna do about all the monies they will lose???,.... do you see the price in the picture?  $12.00/pack

I can't stand this petty little tyrant, and I don't even live in NYC. Why don't you folks there recall this sawed off SOB?

People are starting to really not like you.

Go Nanny State !   Outlaw everything except tofu and brown rice !☺

No Cigs,No Big Gulps but, it's ok to tie the hands of the NYPD trying to protect it's citizens.Somethings wrong w/that man.Politicians are really just sticking it to the people of these United States.It isn't just Bloomberg it goes all the way up to Obama. We the people need to get these professional politicians out of office and start electing the common working man. Bloomberg needs to worry about the budget and deficit in New York or even the crime. Oh those things would take money out of his pocket.

I happen to like what Bloomberg is doing. #$%$ smokers.

When is he gonna learn, you cannot detate the behavior of people. If they want to be fat they will be fat. If they want to smoke they will smoke. He needs to worry about the ones that want to go "bangbang" with a gun and how fast he can control that.

Wow... Another colossal waste of time and energy by Bloomberg

Enough with the smoking!!!  How about cleaning up the air we breathe!  We need to be taxing alcohol to the hilt and removing it off our shelves.  How many teenagers are out drinking tonight and possibly going down the road to becoming an alcoholic?  And how many drinkers are out there tonight that are going to get behind the wheel of a car and kill one of us, our friends or relatives?  If I decide to light up a cigarette tonight at home I'm only hurting myself, possibly.  The world is going mad!

What about keeping MARIHUANA out of reach of children.......just check ANY high school

What will his afterlife be like? Think irony.

Time to get rid of politicians all the way around weneed somebody who is for life liberty and the american way

This is ridiculous! I'm pretty sure young kids don't "learn" to smoke from seeing them in the store. Maybe dad and mom at home on unemployment and food stamps chain smoking in front of the youngins' all day might have something to do with it!? How about dealing the real issues Bumberg and stop blowing smoke up everyone's a$$e$

Big Brother knows what is good for you! Ha!He's a communist plain an simple

Next the media in N.Y. will not be allowed to report any crime. Therefore people outside of N.Y. will get the impression that the city is crime free. What a mayor.

Good! This is what they get for keeping this joker in office for eleven years. I just feel bad for the few tg at didn't vote for him. Hopefully the rest well come to their senses and get rid of this guy before they have no rights at all.

Why not deal with some serious issues, like for example the homeless situation. I was in N.Y recently and was saddened by what I saw. It seems to me you have more important issues to deal with. You have a leak in the roof and your fixing the doorbell.

anti smoking advocates  are    DEFINITY  wrong . donot these a   holes   realise   more they  keep something  undeer wraps     the more  it  is   wanted      especially teens.  this is from  a  non smoker       .   bloomy   is getting  a cut back  from the   tobaca  companies

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!  FRANKENBERG!!!

Bloomberg....sounds jewish...little touchy on smoking perhaps? Ban fire? Ovens?

they should keep the mayor out of sight also.

Sig Heil!!!

#$%$ Aldous Huxley for being right.....I repeat from another post regarding Bloomberg....you are a pompous #$%$

I hope the owners take this fool to court.  He is violating these poor people's constitutional rights.   What the heck is going on with the government now a days!!!!!  If cigarettes are legal this fool should not interfered with commerce, if people buy it that's their choice.  Besides tobacco was the first cash crop for the U.S.

I remember the story of a guy who told the doctor he didn't smoke drink or chase women, and that he'd probably live to be 100. The doctor asked him, "Why would you want to?"

When Bloomberg gets done, everyone in New York will be eating sprouts three times a day, drinking spring water and dressing in palm leaves.  You New Yorkers deserve this clown!

Why would anyone care what smokers think about this?  They are obviously idiots, or they wouldn't be smokers to begin with.

And to think, if only tobacco products were out of sight in the 50's when I started smoking, I wouldn't have emphysema today.  Where was the Mayor Bloomberg when my lungs needed saving?  How come no one thought of this before.What a bunch of bunk!!!  I'm for a lot of smoking cessation activity but this one takes the cake.

shhhhhhh their coming hide them !!! REALLY?

Yea baby, hide them with the 16 oz. super Slurpee. What a novel NY idea. LMFAO

maybe they should limit Q=TPS to a 2 pack.i mean really you only have 2 ears

It would seem NYC has elected themselves a dictator !They are treating cartons of cigarettes like they are pornography where they have to be hidden from children. Aren't the clerks aware that they can't sell to minors?

what about contraceptives?

what is wrong with you guys..................we are capable of making your own decisions instead of everyone commin up with ways to cost us more money because one person wants it.  we the 99 want so stay home......................................

Personally I tlink it all Stinks! To.think this Bloomberg has so called power to Ban LG drinks now smoking products!? Really. If the people want to smoke* they will! This is a free country isn't it.4centiries people smoked.my great grandma has smoked since she was 7! Great heart great lungs&amp; she just had her 111 birthday. It's society. That's killing us! Too. Many people!!!!  FreeBirdJ.J.69..

Next he will ban all non filter &amp; 100's

Hell yes! New York is the beginning of the big brother revolution. Please liberals come tell me how to live my life in your eyes.

You don't want for the sickeys to see those thing's, they might get sicker.  i think i'm going to throw up.None smokers are brain dead, did smoking cause this?  i think it did.

Those who smoke are more likely to encounter their own behavorial problems. Smokers are more likely to access social services, having babies out-of-wedlock, alcolholism, dangerous driving, move on to harder drugs, acquire aids, termination of job, encounters with law enforcement, a vacation in jail, family violence, rent than own, and to be on television shows like COPS and Jerry Springer. Okay smokers, give me the thumbs dow, it'll be my pleasure to receive it.

There is no reason not to let someone smoke. As long as health insurance doesn't have to cover any related expenses and as long as it doesn't infringe on someone having to smell the stink.

Cigarettes are the ONLY product that if used as directed will hurt or kill you an OTHERS ...Mayor Bloomberg, if you would like to do something bold, ban their sale and use in NYC.."NYC plan would keep tobacco products out of sight"They should also keep images of Barack Hussein Obankster out of public sight.It makes people NAUSEOUS!

Blommberg please you are making it easy for the right wing to make all of us out to be crazy. Lets stick to things that make a difference, not how much soda or legal cigerates. Lets make changes in gun laws. Because background checks do limit criminals and crazies from getting guns and smaller magazines give by standers a change to run or take the gunman down during reload. Those things can and will make a difference. Everyone knows that we are too fat anad that cierettes kill but those are personel choices.

Congratulations Mr. Mayor for trying to help do away with this bad habit. Smoking kills! I commend the Mayor for taking the first step. All states should follow his lead. I can think of a better way to spend $8. Bad habit -- great mayor.

whats wrong with keeping america healthy? Dont support the big gulp ban, and you dont support keeping tobacco products out of sight, well I guess it just shows where your values truly are.

The tobacco industry and their agents of destruction are not our friends.  Tobacco is a killerand I am proud that Mayor Bloomberg is proposing this rule.

Now they're getting it.  Much more sense than soda.

God is with you on this one Bloomberg!

for what NYC people pay for them I would won't them in a brown paper bag anyway just to make me feel a little better