All i know is the gas around here went up 30 cents a gallon in a blink of an eye.

The world revolves around Cyprus right now I guess

Do we need a second by second, penny by penny update on oil prices? Anyways, your leader in the US has stated that the future of the US energy plan is not in oil!

The Cyprus vote. Because the price of oil always depends on whats going on in Cyprus.

I guess we will have high $3 to low $4 gas from now on. It's all fraud and there isn't a single thing we can do about it.

so, if the u.s. data shows promise, the price of oil goes up. if there is some sort of crisis in a 3rd world, oil prices goes up. if there were a sudden abundance of oil, the prices go up. and if there is a fuel shortage, the prices go up. i think i'm starting to see a pattern here.

Today's news..............Oil prices drop below twenty cents per hundred gallons.. Gas prices skyrocket one dollar a gallon, on fears that oil will go up to twenty three cents..

Oil nearing $94.00 and Barry raises GAS right away ...... Gas should be under $2.00 a gallon if Barry the Muslim wasn't so greedy !!!!!

if gas is down why is gas so high

Democrats block drilling, gas prices skyrocket, economy remains in shambles. Not complicated.This is Obama's view of 'fairness'.

It would be nice if people would get their heads out of their #$%$ and do something about the gas price. My wages arent going up but the gas is. I spend more to go to work and more on food. I cant spend any thing else. You have to worry about how much money your going to need to go to work the next week.

No Keystone and keep importing from atmosphere polluting Islamic terrorists= higher prices at the pump, the occupiers and career students don't care because daddy pays for the fossil fuel in their tax-payer bailed out GM built fossil fuel burning tank, the rest of us communitng workers have to suffer.

Oilcan inch up because we had a mild winter, or because the winter was bad, or because the supply "MAY"be up or down, or because there was a shot fired in the Middle East, or Castro is sick, or Putin had a flat tire, or two thousand, three hindered, and ninety nine other chicken s?!it excuses.

That's $20 a barrel less than when W was the president and gas was $1.78....You know why it is still $3.50? Because of all that cash Obama and the fed print.

Hey cool.  Oil up to near 94.  Gas up 20 cents a gallon.  How come no one is reporting this rape case?

This should have nothing to do with the price of oil..

Now Cyprus is making the price of oil rise?????What a scam!

F*** the bankers in Cyprus, and in the US; F*** the governments too, because they do not represent the poor/working massesThe governments represent the banks &amp; the banksters; F*** them ...............

of coarse there will be an increase in crude oil and a decrease in gasoline, its no surprise they will just make it sound that way and increase the price.  its well know oil reserves are up and gas down becuase the refineries are not refining as much because demand for gasoline is down so they are using up the reserves first to make it look like we have a shortage hence higher gas prices are then justified. Its one big ripoff of the american public, end of story...There is enough recoverable oil in the Bakken alone, that could easily support the needs of America for the next 300 years!... 99% Fact!... Oh yeah, Obummer wants to catch a glitch with new electric/computerized vehicles... He said, to break away from oil!... Green Cars are virtually bottomed in the markets!... Wonder why?...

The oil price now dependent on Cyrus and the fact that there is no where else to invest. Why not 100% margins and force these vampires out?