what a poorly written 'article.'  How about telling us how many Jews were living there to begin with?  How many of those were deported?  We know more than 90% were killes by the #$%$ - did any return to Greece?  What is Jewish life in Greece like today?

They celebrate by having their own holocaust on the Palestinians, he means.

never forget! History has a tendency to repeat itself

I don't think I've come on Yahoo in the past five months without 1) An anti-Iran article, and 2) A Holocaust article. They usually run at the same time, as well. I'm sure its just a coincidence...

Free citizens are armed and not rounded up.

I see many anti-Israel comments here. It is easy to pick a target and direct hatred toward one group or another. It is not so easy to try and see a bigger picture and balance Yahoo comments with at least a little reason. I lived in Israel from 1982 until 1987. Living and working among the Israelis was a great experience for me. Nobody is perfect. No person is normal. People have notions of how they think certain groups of people are. They tend to put the whole group into the same box, but that is mentally lazy. Israel is a diverse nation with a wide range of views. Before visiting Israel, I thought all Israelis were religious. I was dead wrong. Most Israelis are secular. Until you visit a place and see first hand, be a little cautious when passing unwarranted condemnation.

A weekend holocaust story?

Holocaust 24/7/365.  There were Millions of others that were sent to detention camps as well. I believe this article is anti Goyim for it does not mention the millions of others who were sent to the same end.

So why do they look like Slavs?

There's no business like Shoah business!I keep reading here about a holocaust or genocide being done on the Palestinian people.  And yet facts and reality dont support that claim.  there are more Palestinians alive today then ever before.  The UN does not see a 'genocide', nor does the EU, Russia or the Red Cross.  Even the Islamic Red Crescent Soceity does not make that claim.  Frankly it seems some are confusing their anti-Israeli rants and fantasies with reality.

The Hollowco$t:  The longest running pledge drive in history that is  based on histrionics and lies.

The holocaust was a horrible thing. But it was along time ago.

...they should march right over to the UN and demand that the current Holocaust in Syria ends...as well as commemorate all people who have been persecuted, continue to be persecuted, all others that have died in previous Genocides (get the picture?)

The Jews were transported to the death camps from 1943 onwards from Southeastern Europe.Their memory should be commemerated.Also the Greek people and all others who suffered under the Nazi occupation!

Why does the media like to propagandize that only Jews dies during WW2.  The media needs to write an article about the genocide of the Palestinian people.

jews love beating a dead horse.  communism is a jewish idea and it is responsible for exponentially more white indigenous deaths than the holocaust killed immigrant jews.

These Holocaust rituals used to mean something until the Israelis started duplicating the same atrocities.  Now, they are a waste of time.

Nothing mentioned about the Jews role under Stalin who many historians believe to be a Jew. The arrogant Jew only talks about their people in the holocaust. Truth be told the numbers were grossly exaggerated.

You have to wonder why Jews are so hated, they have all the money and media, and world attention to make themselves a blessing; but they end up a curse.  How hard hearted the people that rounded up the Jews were too.  If or when Jew and Gentile find peace they will be surprised that it was available all the time.  Jesus of Nazareth, the Prince of Peace.  Happy Easter.  Jesus the Holy Holocaust.The new holocaust,Zionist murdering Palestinians,and stealing their homes and land!!!

Every week there's either a Halocaust article or a article about how the Zionist wants the U.S to fight a war against Iran.

WHAT ABOUT THE PALESTINIAN HOLOCAUST?

That country is in the middle of a financial holocaust but the mayor has time and money to waste on this?  Guess who's pulling his strings too - he should join the U.S. Congress where he'd fit in perfectly.

Netanyahu urges "military sanctions" threat against """" ALL AMERICANS WHOM DONT SUPPORT AIPAC AND DUAL NATIONALITY JEWS IN THE JEWNITED STATES OF AMERICA """" and supporter of Iran and the Palestinias Arabs and the Peace Process Essentially Netanyahu predicts that the U.N and SENATE AND CONGRESS WILL SUPPORT HIS DEMANDS FOR THE PEACE AND NATIONAL SECURITY OF ISRAEL = WE NEED TO NUKE ISRAEL NOW FOR OUR NATIONAL SECURITY AND THE REAL AMERICAN WAY OF LIFE WE ARE THE UNITED STATES NOT THE JEWNITED STATES OF ZION NATZI ISRAEL

The past was cruel to the Jewish people.  The Greeks of Thessaloniki are an ancient Sephardic community that suffered intolerance at the hands of insane tyrants.  May this never happen again, to anyone, including the Palestinians.  Seven Palestinians have just been deported to Gaza by the Israeli regime.  Sound familiar?y

If you like books with a happy ending, you should read Cornelius Ryan's The Last Battle sometime.

50 million people died in World War II. But all we hear about are Jews and their whining.

There were no "extermination" camps. It's been proven time and time again.

HITLER SAID " if you keep repeating a lie, most people will come to believe it as the truth"!I think the Palestinians need to start celebrating their holocaust.  It seems that Israel learned well the teachings of the #$%$.... so well that they have done the same to the Palestinians.  I would like to hear about someone else's tragedy for a change instead of being force fed the Jewish holocaust every second!!

What about the ongoing holocaust of Greeks and other Whites via massive non-White immigration into Europe?

They will find a way to Blame Yasser Arafat for this.

If the #$%$ were so terrible, why are the Zionists emulating them in their dealing with Palestine?

I wish my grandad had tought of this holocaust idea, it certainly is a good earner!

never again

the HOLOCAUST is fiction. it never happened. just a scam to get sympathy for jews and the creation of israel. the jews covet jerusalem, the crusades did not give jews control of jerusalem but a lie, THE HOLOCAUST did.

There were individual and even group atrocities in WWII, but there were no extermination camps and there is no evidence there ever were.Don't allow the schools and the media to brainwash your child into believing something that never happenedGoogle "Exposing the holocaust hoax"

One of the biggest lies ever told . Not the only big lie the J!ews have told throughout history however . Jesus was said to be J!ewish ... that was big lie no.1  Jesus preached against the money changers and died for it , Christianity was against all the trouble the J!ews caused with their program of deception . Today and for the last 100 plus years , the J!ews have managed to teach us that they are very similar to the Christians which could not be further from the truth . The antichrist J!ews and the Christians have always been mortal enemies , the J!ews sent Rabbis out with money and had them make 'donations' to the large Christian churches to say Jesus was a J!ew , that started in the late 1800s . Jesus was a Judean (person from Judea) but there were many different people their at that time . Just remember Jesus preached against Judaism and the J!ews .

give it up already, this is ancient historyNever again.  God bless the Jews.

Boycott Yahoo News for the Left wing agenda, Pro Jude, Anti Christian, anti white #$%$!

I support the Jewish people. They they are a remarkable and wonderful people who have contributed tremendously to the betterment of the world. They should augh at the moronic comments made about them here. It's all caused by jelousy at their success.

May the Jews also have a commemorative service for all the Palestinians they murdered and land they robbed !

enough of this  freakin extortion of the gentile  community,don't they already own all the wealth????

If these really were death camps, how come so many survivors?

What Holocaust? Oh you mean when the jews Killed ALL the Philistine Men, Women, Children, Their Goats, Dogs, Sheep and Cows when the Jews did a LAND GRAB in the name of GOD? yeah, their Peace Loving GOD TOLD them to Go Murder Thousands of innocent people for the Jews Profit. I hear the Jews are also Ethincally Cleansing the race of Iranian Nuke Scientist too. I SPIT on Your so called Holocaust tears. Lets hope for round two real soon.

ISRAEL IS  KILLING MUSLAMS FOR 64 YEAR

Thought you could go more than 1 day without hearing Nazi or Holocaust? think again every damn day, Holocaust this Holycaust that, Nazi this, geez Jews we know you run the press and everything but can the rest of us have at least a week off?, so sick of your stories, you are not the only people who suffered once, you got your Israel, you kick out blacks there, you apartheid Palestinians you run the banks and all we hear is Holocaust, Nazi, day after day Puke...I can see why people hate you! Have a bagel take a  victim Jew day off, do it for the rest of us please. Thanks

Why was there a holocaust anyway? What did the Jews do to make the Germans so angry? Surely there were other things that led up to the concentration camps. Someone research this please.many jews survived the camps. if the holocast was fact, there would be very few if any survivers.FACT!  far more christians and catholics died in the camps than jews, far more russians died in the camps than jews, far more gypsy's and slav's died in the camps than jews.

i really hate when some brain dead christian evangelist starts guoting the lies written in the old testament about jews being god's chosen people and all the other lies in the old testament that WAS WRITTEN BY THE JEWS.

Lying Zionists!!!

I want to know which holocaust is meant; is it the American Indian Holocaust in which 90 % of the natives were wiped out then kept into Indian reservations.. is it the American Japs holocaust in which those American Japs were hoarded into prison camps during WW2. is it the German Holocaust ,in which the USA carpet BOMBED the Germans  into oblivion,before it (USA)sat on the German soil for unlimited invasion.Please , any one tell me which holocaust are they talking about.

blah blah blah...  bunch of whiners having a pity-party in a dead town in a dead nation makes news on Ya#$%$...  part of the non-stop propoganda to make you sympathize with Jews and to distract you from the daily acts of genocide committed by Israel in Palestine...

I'll bet that not one person who denies the holocaust is even old enough to know first hand.They got their information from some nazi jr idiot.It proves that some people have minds of jelly and will believe anything. Thats how hitler got so far.

As bad as detention camps were, they were not extermination camps as Auschwitz was. Japanese and American Japanese, mostly West Coast residents, were held in detention camps for the duration of the war but were not physically harmed the way German concentration camp charges were and many East Coast Japanese &amp; Japanese Americans were not interned at all. I lived next to couple of Japanese American and one mixed marriage Japanese – American families during WW II in N.Y.C. In Auschwitz and similar concentration camps entire peoples, like Jews and Gypsies, were held for extermination, as well as other groups of people like homosexuals and mentally or physically impaired, but also groups not held for targeted extermination, like prisoners of war or political  and resistance opponents.Holocaust 24/7/365. Those who forget are apt to repeat or allow repetition and the Holocaust is something we do not wish or want to allow to be repeated. Millions of people who were not immediate victims do not need the personal experience to understand that but you seem to lack the ability to do so. When you and your dear ones, your friends and neighbors are stuffed into cattle railroad cars to be starved, beaten, worked, and gassed to death then you may understand why people commemorate the anniversary of such an atrocity.

Jesus was Palestinian, that is why Jews killed him!!!!

Hitler was right!

Dear media, as thou art online, give us this day our daily holocaust story..to celebrate the "schlomocaust" please set your ovens to broil, and take a shower

Ow, what a field-day here for all the anti-semitics, the "politically-correct" anti-semitics who "just" love to condemn Israel for every mishap on this planet and simple morons who have no thought or empathy for other's misery. What a bunch of loosers. Well, I have news for you: Jews are a prosperous nation and Israel is a prosperous country and is spite of your jealousy, hatred and ignorance, they will continue to flourish.Save your hate answers, I am not returning the this page so you can bark as much as you want.....

Never happened.

Are they going to visit Jasenovac and the other death camps where over 750,000 Serbs, 40,000 Jews &amp; 40,000 Roma were holocausted by the US &amp; israeli allies in the 90's to the present the nnnatzi croats, bosnian muslims, and Albanians?  Or is the holocaust only applicable in some places?

Silencedogood sounds like an uneducated c-sucker

Silencedogood is a moron

OK, that makes about 8961 Holocaust commemorations per year, and still increasing. And all the while the Jews keep persecuting and killing Palestinians, while stealing their property. I just find it impossible to believe that if these Jews really believe the Holocaust happened, that they would us the same tactics, so infamously, against the Palestinians. The only conclusion I can draw from this, is that the Jews approve of the Holocaust.If you think about it, the "Holocaust" is the best thing that ever happened to the Zionists: First, it got rid of their enemies, the assimilating Jews, and Second, with the help of the SS and Eichmann, it resurrected the occupation of Palestine.

Hey coal fired ovens?

A big lie! Enough

Uh, since Jews now have Israel, shouldn't they move Back to that Toilet? instead of trying to take over and run Venezuela AND the USA? You got your Promised land, now get the HELL OUT!common sense=hasbrara cockroch

Before you make a derogatory comment about the Jews take a moment and think about who you pray to. If your Catholic you Pray to A Jew (Christ) . Just trace the roots of your religion before you open up your mouth. I agree genocide is genocide no matter what religion you are. We need to stop it now, Our leaders around the world are responsible,

antonio im proud of your comassion for the jewish people i learned the my moms grandparents on her moms side of the family were jews from the ukraine they got out due to wise thinking and planning because they knew hitlers wild rants were real  because of them i had a loving grandmother and mom

To pro-palestinians: you needs to get some history education before you start complaining

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)........Rachel knew that the soldiers clearly saw her there, standing vulnerable and unprotected.But the unthinkable occurred. The Israeli soldier driving the bulldozer, a stern and  contemptuous smirk on his face, rammed the machine onward. He knocked Rachel down, ran the bulldozer entirely over her body and buried her with its tons of steel. After a few seconds, he put the machine in reverse without even bothering to lift the heavy blade, effectively running over her a second time.

All I can say JASENOVAC

To compare the Holocaust with Israeli treatment of the Palestinians is laughable.

HoIocaust = HoIohoax.Everyone knows it.

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)Is this a true quote: I have discovered with the passage of days, that no act contrary to morality, no crime against society, takes place, except with the Jews having a hand in it

Jesus said to the jews:John 8:44 New International Version (NIV)44 You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies.Palestinians are the true killers.  Iran too.  It's time they are dealt with.  Lets nuke Iran NOW!!

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)Sadly to say that today we have a NAZI state in Israel persecuting the Pales. The Jews learned well  from their old masters

C'mon folks--no matter your religion, there will always be someone that will be on yourback. As for Palestine, they were offered their own nation by the U.N. way back in 1948under President Trurman, and they refused. Maybe they should consider discontinuing bombing Israel from schools and mosques.

Death to #$%$ and those who apologize for them!!!

to celebrate the "schlomocaust" please set your ovens to broil, and take a shower