Don't ever tell what's in your gun safe.....and don't ever show without a warrant.

Dad, or someone, taught him some safety and a great lesson by keeping his finger off the trigger......

Wow!  This article is terrifying!  Now, the government wants to see your guns under the guise of investigating child neglect?  Wonder what would have happened to a citizen with no Second Amendment attorney on hand?  Saddle up America, the worst is yet to come!  And, bring out your watering cans because the Tree of Liberty is getting thirsty again.

The USSR

They have far to much power. Innocent until proven guilty.

"In this case, the family believes someone called New Jersey's anonymous child abuse hotline."So, giving your child a PERFECTLY LEGAL GIFT that makes him smile from ear to ear is what constitutes as "child abuse" these days?  This was HARASSMENT, plain and simple.

Child services are more dangerous than that gun...

Man I wish my dad would've given me something like this on my 11th birthday. Good for the parents telling the bozos to leave as well.....Bravo!

Its a .22 rifle that looks like a Evil assualt rifle. Look out peter coton tail.

so now the govt. is trolling fb to find pictures of people with guns.  sheesh,Pay attention America. This is the Obama police state in action.

This is really ridiculous,it is obvious the picture was taken by his father or mother so what is concerning.I think it is preposterous that someone can anomously call in and make an accusation without proof and when you ask who did it they wont say,now as far as I know you have a right to face your accuser.I went through this #$%$ several times and every time it was for the same thing which was unfounded when investigated.People just have too much time on their hands.Dont make someone mad they can make your life a living hell,all they have to do is call that hotline proof or not.

Velcome to ze New Amerika!!  Ve don't need varrants: you are de kriminal if ve say so.

Refused to identify herself? How about "get off my property"?

This little guy is well trained.  Finger on the frame.  My 13 year old daughter is a Jr. High Power shooter (.223 Armalite H/B) and these kids are well trained.  I trust this little guy more than any of the libs out there.

Good for him. He did the right thing.

the state officials are clearly out of line. no warrent no entry. end of story.

The problem with some of the goody-two-shoes commenting on here they are clueless when it comes to the reality of life outside of the nanny state.  When 11 years old, I hunted along with 6 other boys my age or a year older constantly with 22s.  We all knew how to use them well and were fully aware of the responsibility that came with them.  Perhaps your still using play guns at that age falls on where and how you were reared and the maturity you possessed.  I suspect by  your comments some of you still have no business with any kind of firearm.

Crazy effing libs just won't stop.

You couldn't pay me to live in New Jersey! Full of communist!!  I had a similar incident happen to me! My son had a pick on his facebook page showing him and his twin holding shotguns after going rabbit hunting.  Their school called,  said they found the pics to be threatning in nature! Far from the truth!Wonder if Christie will have a comment, or is he too Democratic now

This is Liberal brainwashing. GUNS ARE BAD!Pictures of guns are BAD. Pointing your finger like a gun is BAD!Hello Kitty bubble guns are BAD! Pop Tarts shaped like guns are BAD!It's simple "aversion training". And we're letting this insanity continue.

Were they there to investigate potential child abuse or to check to see if the guns were registered? The two don't go together. I keep seeing posts from liberals stating that "nobody is going to take your guns away!" Or "nobody is going to come search your house!" Well, guess what...somebody forgot to send the memo to NJ law enforcement officers!

Now CPS is in their life because this father decided to post a picture of his son with a gun...it is never good to post things like this on Facebook...NEVER....Facebook gets people in trouble and this is just one of the many cases with more to follow....

At least this man understands the law... most people agree to any type of search... NEVER NEVER give consent, even if you have nothing to hide... This is a really bad habit to get into.

I buy my children firearms all the time, what's the big deal?

This is a small look into what we will be facing with a larger government controlling all aspects of our lives...welcome to the coming police state...52% voted for it but we all got it.

and we are off to the races this anti gun thing is getting way out of control. government agencies are taking this way too far... dangerously close to a violation of our constituional rights.

Libtards in action, always wanting to control every aspect of your life.

In other words, he's holding a gun that LOOKS LIKE a gun that LOOKS LIKE an assault rifle.And no, that's not a double negative or whatever.Soon the government will dismantle the Constitution and non-liberals will be re indoctrinated into the New Amerika.  First the Second Amendment, then the Fourth Amendment.. One piece at a time, comrades, one piece at a time.

Last week a couple had their kids taken away because they took bath time pics of their kids on vacation . Now its this . Can we no longer take photos without them being subjected to intense scrutiny ? I wish the govt. would look into REAL criminals like those in their own back yard .

Will this lead to the arrest of all the Hollywood "violent" movie directors.

So why doesn't the child welfare worker, a state employee, an employee that works for US have to identify herself?

Jackbooted Gestapos.

I am an ex-cop, and at times, in Massachusetts, we WOULD be asked to escort a case worker, if they felt for whatever reason, "threatened." But how could this be the case here? A photo of a child holding what appears to be a rifle? (it COULD have very easily been a toy, or an air rifle etc.) We are turning into a complete "Nanny State," and this particular case sounds VERY much like the early warning signs of "Big Brother!" In their defense, the cops ASKED if they could look into his safe. (they were ok to ASK, but just doing so makes me question if they were on a "fishing expedition," i.e. looking for something/anything to maybe hang this guy with! THAT I dislike intensely! It's scummy!) With the mentality of calling child in need of services over a PICTURE of a child holding a rifle, perhaps any child or parent should be checked up on if they post a photo of the child behind the wheel of a car, a truck, or GASP! Riding his/her bicycle without a helmet on! Are we for real in this country? My god.....we are slipping WAY faster than I thought! This article REALLY cranked me up.....especially with my personal/professional background! Be careful America.....BIG BROTHER IS COMING!

It's not "like tyranny" - it IS tyranny.

He'll probably grow up to serve his country.

The kid is kind of old to get his first gun.Nice first gun though.

This country is turning boys into a bunch of...what's another word for small kitty cats?   Yeah...that one!These government bureaucrats fit Einstein's quote perfectly."The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits".

Big Brother is watching you...

Thousands of people could be killed by that assault rifle...don't folks ever learn???  Teaching an 11 year old boy about gun safety, respect for weapons, and safe shooting practices in this day and age is...well, itsThank you Dad!  Teaching gun safety is the most important part of having a rifle, and repect for the 2nd Amendment.

absolutely they overreached...  stupidest thing I've hear NJ police do so far.

This is over stepping in a big way. No police officer should have behaved like he reports, if true. If so its because the new ones dont have the same belief in our freedoms. Myself and cops of my generation wont sieze guns from law abiding citizens but the younger cops and soldiers dont see individual rights as we do. It has been teached out of them unfortunately.

Kid keeps his finger off trigger. Safety first. That alone makes him more worthy of carrying a firearm than half the people I see at gun ranges that are adults. Dad got him about the weakest rifle in the world as well. Nothing to see here. All is well.

Wow, a kid can't even enjoy being a kid anymore. This is such a sad, sad country we live in now.

The commie left in this country would have made the same stink had it been a toy gun. They much more prefer that at age 11 he would declare he is gay and someone took a picture of him holding his boy friends....ahh....hand....then, no problem.

"...suspected abuse or neglect..."????First, I wonder what coward made the call -- and for what reason!  Second, I sue those SOBs for harrassment.

One of the child welfare officials would not identify herself? Any government "official" must show proper identification before asking any questions in an investigation (even if it is a poppycock call like this). This person needs to be reprimanded and sent for proper training.Assuming proper safety training, a responsible child and adult supervision, there is no reason an 11 year old can't handle an AR-15. It is NOT a big cartridge and recoil is minimal. It makes more sense than advising a small woman to blast away with a double-barrel 12-gauge.

AmericaThere once was a time, not that long ago.When things were much different, then what we now knowIf we so wanted we could spend time alone,or be with our loved ones ,in our own home.We enjoyed our freedoms,and stood on our rights,that were paid for in blood , by those that did fightWe walked then with honor ,and held our heads high.We loved one another, and tried to do right.Our prized Continuation, the law of the land,guided our country, to what it was thenOur flag was raised high, for others to see.In the land called America , the land of the Free.But now things have changed, from what we once knew.Our innocence gone from what was then true.Once we the people, does no longer exists.Now were just numbers, on the government's listOur prized Constitution, they said it was old.And needed some changes, or so we were toldIt would not stand well, for what was ahead.A new world order ,that is ran by the feds.New laws have been written, for us to abide,and all are now watched, by government spies.No freedoms, no rights, no land of the free.All is now gone ,oh how can this be?The train is now pulling up to the camp.my color is red, that's how I've been stampedNext to the showers . then to the tombs,a prayer for my family, i will be home soonCopyright © 2012 John Wright

PIGS Plain &amp; simple! I dont care whether youre into guns or not folks but this garbage has to stop NOW!

My Dad got his first weapon at age 6, when he learned to hunt rabbits and squirrels on the farm with my grandfather. What kind of hysteria is hitting these folks? There is nothing wrong with a child learning to hunt with his father especially at the ripe old age of 11. My Dad and his brothers shot crows with .22 long rifles during the Depression for the nickel a crow bounty to get money for the family. And they did this without adult supervision, my grandfather had a lot of other work to do than baby sit a bunch of kids he had trained to use firearms. Those farm kids went to war later in WWII and the stories of their accuracy and expertise with firearms was still being told when I joined the Army in 1972. That nickel a crow bounty did a lot of damage to the #$%$. We need to keep firearms out of the hands of the mentally ill, the criminals, the drug or alcohol addicted person or others who are incompetent to be trusted with lethal weapons. The law abiding citizen who is teaching his child to hunt, as long as the child is not mentally ill, should not have to deal with hysterical government officials of any stripe.

Cops and CPS are nothing but #$%$

Yeah...that is the face of an abused kid - NOT!

Do you realize how paranoid our country has become?  If you were to go to Walmart or any dept. store and purchase several cap gun, water pistols...whatever, and scatter them on a school playground.  Upon finding these, the school would go on lockdown.  I'm old enough to remember when we could bring them to school.

They probably would do little if the kid was suffering some abuse but if they post a picture of him with a gun for his birthday they get freaky excited!! My mother gave me a gun when I was 13. It is something I will never forget. Its kinda like getting your first car when you get to be 16.

I hope they find out which busybody neighbor sicced cps on them so they can confront them! Let that be a wakeup call to everyone, no warrant, no entry, and no discussion!

Don't post pictures on facebookThe police are there to make an immediate arrest if evidence of abuse is found.They always announce right away that they are only there for the social worker's safety,  because they don't want anyone to be tipped off in advance that they are in jeopardy of being arrested.

If this guy didn't have his lawyer on the phone the whole time this story would have ended drastically different. The kid would be in state custody, all the guns would siezed and the parents arrested.

Living with Liberalism: It would have been alright for the boy to burn the flag but not hold a toy gun.

Some govt employees need to learn that the world does not revolve around their ability to control others.

Well it sounds like he did the right thing. The police are not your friends...while we still can, make sure you understand your rights and never be afraid to assert them. If you don't know you have rights during a police encounter...then you don't have rights at all. Besides, if you notice that the young man has his finger off the trigger, you could assume that he has been taught about firearm safety and responsibility.

Facebook - lol.

This is really just to #$%$ much.Turning a boys precious memory's of him and his father into a question of wrongful moral character.Somebody tell me I am having a bad nightmare here.

Very smart move. No warrent no enter. You want to talk, talk to my lawyer. Know your rights Americans, or is it better not to know what you are so willing to give away. Your not guilty if you want a lawyer, your smart. Todays cops are fishermen just looking to hook more victims in our for profit justice system. If your guilty they will arrest you, no need to help them out.

The kid is well trained and under parental supervision, leave them alone you God Dam*ed gun grabbing libtards.

He needs to join the N.R.A., if he is already not a member, than see if the N.R.A.'s legal department will look into it.  If they feel it is un-justifiable, they will file complaints on his behalf to get this sort of thing stopped in his community.The government loves facebook a dream come true.

NEVER consent to warrantless searches. There's no upside to it.  Bravo to this man for exercising his rights and telling those pieces of s[h[i[t to fu[c[k off.

I never thought the fascists would come from the left, but that is clearly where they are coming from.

New Jersey isn't a free state -- it is a state run by liberals...so what do you expect?

The State DCF official broke the law by refusing to ID herself, she should have been arrested by one of the 4 police officers who seem now to feel they did something wrong.  Every state employee is required to carry and show IDs anytime they are on the job and asked.  But even being legal the father should have known better than to post the picture, like kicking a snake

cheap trick nice pic !

Why hasn't Gov Christie said or done anything? Liberal States continue a war on individual civil liberties and freedom. All in NJ should be ashamed over this poor families suffering.

Had enough of Obamacrats yet? They don't just want your guns, they also want to homosexualise  you kids to.

Advice for the family . Get a lawyer sue the child protection agency call fox news and any other media mogul and make an example of this person/communist.

This is our future IF our future is left to the judgement of liberal/Democrats and RINO's... this is more than just soft TYRANNY!Too bad sequesters don't weed out busybodies.

He should sue for criminal trespass and subpoena the child workers name. This is going way too far.

No warrant and the CPS rep wouldn't give her name. Who sounds like the criminals in this situation? Trying to badger law-abiding citizens, who may not know their rights, is not the right way to do things. Very gestapoesque.

All I got was a lousy bb gun

Is it legal? If it is, the government has to stay the hell out of the way.

The Tree of Liberty is getting thirsty for the blood of tyrants.

Here we go with overreach again. I smell a revolution right around the corner. People are going to get fed up real quick with this government. Nothing wrong with this picture. When I was a little girl my father took me out shooting in the woods. I loved it and I'm glad I got the experience because something tells me I will need to put it to use very soon!

Tyranny pure and simple. Neighbors informing on neighbors - just like back in the Soviet Bloc salad days.

can you hear jackboots in the street

No warrant, no entry. And I would demand to know who the SOB was that made the report.I had that happen during my divorce from my first wife. Only I knew who it was then. Now. it's nobody's dam business what I have.This country is turning into the Third Reich.

If it were in Texas, the cops would have been arrested for even asking permission to search without a warrant.  VERY illegal and dangerous.

Haha! Score one for the good guys. Statist leftists - no soup for you!

This should be a lesson to all americans, there is no privacy on Facebook. Be careful what you post on-line folks!

"NJ Department of Children and Families."  Sounds like a politically correct gone wild nazi government manifestation of wierdness.

"This is my weapon. This is my gun. This is for shooting. This is for fun." US Army

So ridiculous.  That's why I don't use fb.  Stupid drama freaks.  Sorry if I offended anyone.........but fb is not worth the invasion of privacy.  And I don't need to see pics of all the food you ate that day or stupid duckface/peace sign pics that all look the same.

People need to just rent private servers to share photos with REAL FRIENDS AND FAMILY not everyone on facebook it would cost maybe $25-35 a month and include voice service for party chat. When will people understand that facebook is free because they sell your information to any group who wants to buy it! Read what you agreed to.

Big brother is going to protect you whether you want him to or not, you cannot allow a liberal an inch or they will take your whole foot, this is political correctness at its finest, there is no common sense here because liberals don't have any, or any logic for that matter.

@ JIs it a high capacity bb gun? :OI am happy to know that I won't live long enough to see this country become a police/nanny state.   Sad to observe the internal destruction of a once great nation.

That sate is like Nazi Germany!

knock kncok, oh hello officer, do you have a warrant? no? then don't even come into my house, get off my property now. 4th amendment, 2nd amendment, and no i wont answer any of your questions 5th amendmentand FOCK OFF, 1st amendment

"Do you have a warrant?  No?  Then get the EFF out of my house!"

That kid looks so happy. I bet he grows up with fond memory's of getting that gun and going out shooting with his dad.

We're going to have to destroy this government and take our country back. And our kids. I was raised on a farm and I started shooting guns when I was around 6-years- old. That was 60 years ago and to this day I have not murdered anyone.

Those that dont know guns will always show thier ignorance of the facts.

The People's Republic of New Jersey!

I say B.S. They are monitoring your Internet and claiming anonymous tips. If it was someone on facebook then it is time to unfriend them.

New Jersey Police small talk:"2nd amendment? Never heard of it"."4th amendment? What's that?""Damn it's fun to take peoples rights away from them".so giving his son a birthday present (that the kid apparently loves) is a sign of abuse and neglect???  we have given the child welfare department too much power.  they don't need warrants, just empty accusations to destroy your life forever.

Dad of the year award !!!!!

So let me get this straight..."someone" has to "call" to let them know there is a "concern"....so they just show up at your house and expect to search your house and God knows what else! So any FOOL can call these people and they will respond as such......REALLY??

IN ISREAL - It is mandatory that all Isreali Children at the age of 12, receive firearm training with military style firearms in school....American kids learn the words to Bieber songs.

Grandpa gave me a single shot 22 cal rifle for my 5 th birthday. He then proceded over the next few years to teach me how to use it and how to maintain it properly.  None of the neighbors thought this was unusual. To date I have injured nobody with a firearm.  Guess things have changed a lot since 1956, more nosey people around.

CWS can go kick rocks. Glad the owner told them and I hope he sues. Whoever called CWS on him should be kicked in the nads too. They deserve it.

"You're not even safe in your own house. If they can just show up at any time and make you open safes and go through your house, that's not freedom; it's like tyranny."It's not LIKE tyranny; it IS tyranny.

Awesome Job for this Dad

A friend of mine had two FBI agents show up at his door.  They heard he had an anti-aircraft gun.  What he had was a .50 calibre Barrett.  They asked to see it and he complied.  No problem.  It was a legal gun.  They said their concern was that he lived within a fly zone that Air Force One flies in occasionally.  He asked them, do you really think I could hit a jet liner and they all laughed.

Find out if your local SHERIFF has joined the movement to give an OATH to support the Constitution &amp; not break the law in enforcing national policies.  If they have not MOVE to a county where YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS will be defended by sheriffs.Haha, the Dad owned them anti-gun liberal #$%$. They've gotten so used to gestapo tactics they are frustrated when someone stands up to them and protects their rights. I'm surprised they didn't jump,beat,and taze them saying they got attacked.

Good for you Dad, I would do the same thing for my son!!!!

SO it begins- BEWARE people!!

part of Hilters mandates were: spy on your neighbors and turn them in for anything

I told you Facebook was evil. It's Big Brother except we are going with it willingly.

"Do you have a search warrant or arrest warrent?  NO?  Then get off my porch or I will enforce my right to REMOVE YOU!"  Stand your ground!!!!

Dam, you all live in police state... New Jersey has major organized crime &amp; corruption problems and they worry about a boy with a .22 cal rifle. that his parents gave him.

The government is getting to be the enemy instead of the protector.

Really? how is owning a gun neglect or abuse? Good thing he called his lawyer....Lesson here: You do not have to concent to a search of yourself or your property if there is no probable cause or no warrent (would have to have brobable cause to get that). Its called your 4th amendment rights...what do you expect in a liberals state anyway..Good Job dad for standing up for your 2A and 4A RIGHTS!

I like to see her (CPS) show up at Tony Soprano's house...without a warrant.Know YOUR Rights !I like to see her (CPS) show up at Tony Soprano's house...without a warrant.Know YOUR Rights !

Weapon pointed in safe direction and finger off the trigger. I'd say the only concern here is that he is wearing two different shades of camouflage...tis tis....

What the heavens ask for him to open his safe. It's a gun safe they are locked in it. That's juts flat ignorant on the case workers and police part. Smart man I won't open it either and you better have a warrant and a dare good reason. I don't know you. He didn't know them either. You go Dad.

OVERREACTED.....the story of america......ALWAYS overreacting and WASTING money...money that is half of the time NOT accounted for

Sir, I need to see your gun...&gt;zzzziiipppp&lt; rustle, rustle....

If they can just show up at any time and make you open safes and go through your house, that's not freedom; it's like tyranny."

Effen police state thinks they can just come into your home and take your guns.  Where is your warrant?  Do you have a warrant?  Then leave!  That is what you ask them and that is what you tell them.  Do not talk to them, do not answer questions, do not volunteer any information about your guns or ammunition.  If they have no warrant, they have no business asking about your guns and they have no business asking you questions.

No question about it.  We are now living in a police state.  You will be told how to raise your children. You will be considered an unfit parent if your child is over a specified weight for his age and your child will be removed from your home and placed in an instution where his diet wil be closely monitored.  You will be ordered to eat and cook only those  foods that the government has declared as healthy for you.  No guns allowed.  Your neighbors and strangers will be able to call and report if you bake a cake or put syrup on pancakes.  Probably the pancakes will not be an approved food item.  Penalties if you are a hunter and want to take your 11 year old son with you.  You will have to take classes on why you should not eat wild game but eat genetically altered fish because the government has deemed it healthy for you.  Icould go on but what's the use?   The people of this country will follow like sheep until it's too late.  This is what happened in Germany.  Only this time it won't be Jews it will be anyone who wants to keep his freedom.

Child welfare?!?  How can this picture be considered as grounds for a child abuse investigation?  Isn't the kid holding the gun &amp; smiling?  It was posted on the Father's Facebook page for christsake!

Good for the dad.  Don't let any gov't official into your house to "inspect" your guns.  It should remind students of history of pre-1776 Boston where colonists were forced to house British soldiers and give up their muskets, powder, and balls.  That is why the colonists ultimately said, "No!"New Jersey smells bad.

Gestapo - they try to invade my property, even with a warrant, they will get some hot lead.

child welfare case workers and police officers visited the home. I would have told them to #$%$ off and die. get the #$%$ off my property.

We're becoming more and more of a Communist country.

law suit filed and law suit should be filed against the flippen cops and the child services for harrassment. Put me on the jury.

The only assault that occurred happened when the child welfare workers and the cops showed up and their house in numbers.  I hope the familiy sues the city for harassment.  Please explain what crime was committed that they should show up like that????

not bad - I got my first .22 when I was 5 !

Tell the cops and child welfare go away and that you will give your kid any gift you like and if they don't like it to bad for them.

Suppose that Moore and his son Josh had unzipped their 'flys' and shook their 'weapons' at the state child welfare investigators in their own home... would that have been sexual harrassment or a violation of wreckless endangerment? Had they ordered me to open a gun safe without a warrant, I'd have shaken my 'willie' at them and chased them out the door.

I cant believe Obama didnt sic his drones on that terrorist!  This country is in danger with that monster running around with his weapon of mass destruction!!  :PI GUARENTEE THIS KID WON'T GROW TO BE NO HOMOSEXUAL FREAK.I would bet that 60% of over-reacting liberals angered on this are homosexuals.

a typical case of a state agency and police overstepping their authority. No reason for them to even go to the home.

A forshadowing of the Feinsteining of America.

Why do people post their business on the Internet???Anyone who put pictures on the Internet deserves everything that happens to them.  Apparently they love the attention.

States and feds make me sick...i'll be dammed if i can't give my son a gift!!

Have you people finally had enough yet?  It's time we FIRED our so-called government.  STOP voting for Republicans or Democrats.  Vote LIBERTARIAN!

People need to wake up and be men get off of facebook, twitter and all the rest and flush your phones.  People say I am not sheep and then buy a phone that tracks them, posts their plans and info on facebook and twitter.  You want privacy ditch the toys meant for boys........

COMMUNISM AT WORK PLAIN AND SIMPLE

So, the "progressives" don't want you buying a 22 for your son and teaching him gun safety, but if you had aborted him, or sent him off camping overnight with a gay scout leader, that would have be ok. That's why we have a constitution and why progressives need to mind their own business and stay out of the way of people that have good sense.

We must somehow stop this government intrusion into our constitutional rights.  This is a serioius issue and is not just about guns. The government knows our society is crumbling and will go bankrupt.  Economic depression and chaos will ensue.  The government no longer wants armed citizens.  WAKE UP PEOPLE.  THIS IS FOR REAL.“No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms. The strongest reason for the people to retain their right to keep and bear arms is as a last resort to protect themselves against tyranny in government.” – Thomas Jefferson

Why is this treated as News ? Typical Cops, Typical New Jersey Paranoid Azzhoollezz....where every gun is a bad man's Gun....East Coast Yankee anti second amendment every day liberal Bullzzhhitt...sure hope this kid isn't contemplating a greasy Burger and a 42 ounce big gulp in his next "Shocking Photo" that otta get him put away for life......

Luckily the father knew his rights. See what a slippery slope we are on? Shame on those officers for trying to invade this families home.

Be very, very careful what you put on facebook and make sure you know your rights as a US citizen.

I am a lot less afraid of this young man the way he is showing trigger discipline, than I am when a cop is around.

Without a warrant, if a cop shows up and wants to talk, don't let him in your house. By letting him in, that gives him the oportunity to scope out your house, and snoop around if you are not looking. Make them stay outside and talk.

and you think you live in a free country,,if they knock on my door they want get in to see anything period..wow 4 police officer an 1 case worker,over a picture,time to join the local militia

Glad to see someone in this country still knows their rights. The only problem I have with this photo is that I forgot to do the same thing when I gave my 8 year old son his .22 20 guage combo for his b day (3rd rifle so far lol but first from dad)

Chris Chrisy is choking on someones chicken bone right now.

Maybe this guy was just preparing his son to be part of Obama's National Citizen Security Force.  How would that sit with you Libtards?Oh my gawd! A Dad gave his kid a "scary" looking gun, Big Brother to the rescue.  It's a .22 cal. rifle people! Lighten up.

Wow! A real wake-up call, coming to your cities and states! A heck of a lot sooner than you think! Thank you libturds!

That was some quick and clear-headed thinking by the father. If he had opened his safe, even though he had nothing to hide or done anything illegal, I'm sure his weapons would have been confiscated. It can then take years to get even a portion of them back.

"If you don't get you A _ _ off my porch I may just let you inspect the business end of one of my guns!"

Obviously this father is involved and has a close relationship with his son and both the father and his son are proud of each other. Only globalist police state fascists would try to turn something that has been a rite of passage for millions of young men throughout the history of the United States into something criminal. What is wrong with teaching your son to handle firearms. It is hypocritical to make this a big deal when he is eleven and then demand he register for it in a few more years. Bunch of #$%$!

People are getting a little too crazy here with guns.  Why dont you just ban knives and other weapons while you are at it!

Suck one government

We can only pray that Congress acts swiftly and decisively to draft legislation banning all photographs of boys holding weapons.

In what world is a Facebook picture of an 11 year old with a .22 rifle "abuse or neglect?"  Oh, yeah, the "United" States of Obama.

What's criminal is a government agency meddling in the private lives of a family that has broken no laws what so ever. The criminalization of law abiding citizens is exactly what the anti gun fools in DC are wanting.My son who is 30 now received a Marlin .22 on his 1st Birthday. Sure glad the anti- gun NUTS weren't around to talk trash 30 years ago. By the way, he was brought up to respect weapons.

This is an exact case of where the CPS worker needs to be fired, the manager needs to disciplined or fired.Now, this article did not go into detail.1. The officers in this case did nothing wrong and only stood by, they did not demand access to the home.2. This man is a certified gun instructor for the state3. The 11 year old is a state certified hunter through the states Hunters Education program.Kudos to dad, I gave my kid an AR-22 for getting good grades.  We go shooting regularly.

I wish the WW2 vets that I've known were alive to see this, the government striping away the freedoms they fought to preserve. How embarrassing the Obama administration is and he's a bad excuse for a first black president.

My dad gave me a .22 rifle on my 12th birthday, it didn't look as cool as this one.  Some people are using anything to cause someone trouble. Just look at this kids face. That is a happy kid.

I wonder how many actual gun crimes were committed while the man power of the local police was concentrating on this 10 year old boy and his legally purchased .22 rifle. If the government actually punished the criminals instead of focusing on an inanimate object...this type of useless and RIDICULOUS stuff wouldn't even be happening.

These law enforcement officers got big balls to come knocking one's door without a warrant.  It goes to show that if you give them an inch they'll take a mile.  Good Luck America.  Feintein and her cronies are coming after your guns.  They'll  start off with their so called Assault weapons ( because they are bad guns according to them) and then they'll go after your handguns next.  Trust me, they won't stop until they get everyone of them.  One big irony with those damn liberals is that they hate guns so much like a plaque but they give support to abortion which Kills thousands of innocent unborn babies.

I never could understand how so many people would be stupid enough to use Facebook.  Posting your personal life on the internet entails many dangers, as this article illustrates.

Too bad that worthless senator from California cant learn to keep her finger off the trigger and keep from sweeping the audience with an AK47. You all should see that!

Welcome to the police state.

START SHOOTING!Does anyone else want to know why Democrats look so damned stupid regarding this issue ?[ after the nation having already endured expulsions for kids younger than the NJ kid for ''gun finger'', ''Pop Tart Gun'', ''gun drawing'', and my personal favorite, a five year old first grader kicked out of a Mount Carmel Pennsylvania elementary school for 10 days following her bust of possessing the murderous and military automatic-firing  assault weapon known as ''The My Little Pony Bubble Gum Gun''].

And thus it begins.

get ready for more of these types of action - sadly not all of them will get the publicity.  Know and understand your RIGHTS and CONSTITUTION people.  To the ban happy fools: It is not the item - it's the individual.  I got my first .22 and 4/10 shotgun when I was 5 yrs old - never had an incident because I was EDUCATED and SAFE.

Welcome to Obama's Amerika.

This is what you get with a police state.  Give me a freaking break!  Kudo's to the parents in telling the 'child welfare nazi' and the police to take a hike.  This is why universal background checks and gun registration are such bad ideas.  When big brother knows who has them he also knows where to go to get them.  I so fondly remember the wonderful country I grew up in and alas that country is no more and I fear we will never see it again.  1984 courtesy of liberals and the low information voter.

my answer is : got a warrant? If not, then get out. They would not have gotten through my front door. If a cop shows up at my house, WITHOUT a warrant, and wants to talk, we'll sit outside, even if it is snowing and 18 degrees.

The kid is obviously better trained with firearms than the old hag Senator Feinstein, who famously preened in front of the cameras with her finger on the trigger of an AK-47 while sweeping the muzzle around the room.

the police would turn on the citizens in a New York minute even there mothers when they stand there with Obumer they are going against the constitution that they took and oath to up hold but if the cops think there might be a little promotion for them they will do any thing

Bought a 'Chipmonk' 22 single shot bolt action to teach both my girls how to respect and shoot when they were just old enough to hold it.  Took them to the ranges regularly and to the matches when their Mother and I competed.  They are now 40 and 36.  They still respect firearms, have never had a firearm related accident, and have never been involved in a mass or individual shooting.  I am proud they are now teaching their children the same and they are able to use the same 'Chipmonk''

He did the right thing......   Don't let them stomp on the constitution.  Unless they have a warrant, you can tell them to get the heck off your property.....  And if there is a warrnt is must be specific as to what they are looking for....This POS president, Barrack H. Ovomit , with pen in hand, is more dangerous than all the gun owners in this country.

This is unreal. Vote out every liberal at every political level.  I am sure they would be happy if the parents tought their child how to do drugs but teach them about firearms or to handle them responsibly and they are trying to accuse you of being an unfit parent!  Unfit parents exist by the millions and continue to have more children by the millions.  That is the true crime occurring in this country and we support these people with welfare programs.  Sick.

You know there is a problem when a gov't agent refuses to identify themselves. All gov't agents are required by their own rules and regulations to identify themselves when conducting an overt investigation. They will find some idiot judge that will grant the search warrant, confiscate the weapons, take the child into custody and cause this family much grief. With no fear of consequences when the victims are finally vindicated in court months perhaps years from now these drones that follow illegal orders will continue to violate our Constitution. Remember what happened during Katrina the mindless drones confiscated firearms from citizens when they needed them the most with the infrastructure shutdown.

This boy is clearly proud of his new rifle as he should be and as many of us were when we received our first rifle or shotgun from our fathers and grandfathers. This is none of the government's business!!! Meanwhile we add a few million more people to welfare and foodstamps and call it progressive!!!

Coming to a home near you   ,  if we dont STOP electing Obama Hussein / Fienstien types.Wake up Amerika

The incident is clearly harassment by someone calling the hotline. The government in this case is blameless. After years of getting criticized for not doing enough in child abuse cases, they take it more seriously now. And with all the sicko's out there, thank God.

Let's not forget the 4th amendment!!! Total abuse by the state. The police should have Known not to enter without  a warrant. Progressive morons

Guess they wouldn't like my Facebook profile picture...

A noble act on behalf of the United Police States of America.  Why not take BOTH the guns and the children.  After all the state is a better parent and decides who should be allowed guns

No warrant?  Then FU[C[K OFF.As civil rulers, not having their duty to the people before them, may attempt to tyrannize, and as the military forces which must be occasionally raised to defend our country, might pervert their power to the injury of their fellow citizens, the people are confirmed by the article in their right to keep and bear their private arms.” – Tench Coxe, June 18,1789

This kid looks like Ralphie from "A Cristmas Story".  He finally got his RedRider BB gun.  "Hey kid, you'll shoot your eye out!"

finger not on the trigger!!!! booyaaahhhh #$%$ libs! and he is not killing people!

just another reason to DELETE YOUR FACEBOOK ACCOUNT!you're all missing the point. somebody posts a photo of their son exercising 2nd amendment rights, and all of a sudden the police show up at the door? facebook leading to police showing up at door. take a minute to just THINK about that for a second. EVERYTHING you post. every comment, every photo. EVERYTHING is now being scanned for ANYTHING.AND THIS ARTICLE PROVES IT!

His Dad taught him well. I'd be proud if this kid was mine!

Get ready! This will be the future of our country if we keep heading in the direction that we are going.  We will have door to door searches with nothing you can do about it.

Excellent trigger discipline!  Well done!

THE PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF NJ  ------ If you can get out of NJ do so . Y ou have witnessed the  epitamy of  TYRANNY.   Gestapo like attitude of NJ  officials......

So why can't Child Protective Services step in when 16-yr old mom is arrested for prostitution and 32-yr old grandma is a known drug dealer?Those homes never get searched, the police are never called in and the child is OK living in that environment.

The only shocking thing about this incident is that somebody most likely hotlined the family based on the picture.  I see no reason why this picture should cause concern, unless you believe guns are evil, which in that case you're uneducated and wrong. But that's a different conversation.That being said, social workers must follow-up on all tips submitted to them, wether they believe there is merit to the claim or not.  It's their job.  Often, social workers ask for law enforcement presence when entering homes, ESPECIALLY when there are weapons involved.  That's why the cops were there.  For those of you freaking out that the cops didn't have a warrant to search and therefore could not ask for permission to search, you're wrong.  The police can ask you for permission to search anything they want to, without any real reason at all.  They don't need a warrant to search your home, car, or person if you allow them to. It's called 'consent to search.'  The dad told the cops they couldn't search, so they left.  As far as the article reads, the police did nothing wrong.  Unfortunately, the dad misinterpreted the entire situation to somehow be a violation of his constitutional rights.  He is also wrong.  While I understand that he was offended that some one would believe his child did not have a safe home, the cause of the problem is the person who reported the photo, not the police.This type of government scares me more than the thugs who roam the streets. At least with the thugs it is clear who the bad guy is. These govt. folks think THEY are the law...

"Hey Bob,my Liberal weenie wife saw your kid posing with an assault rifle on Facebook.Her panties are in a bunch over this.She even wants me to report you for child abuse by calling Child Welfare.Can you tell me what's going on?""Yeah, nothing to worry about,Bought the kid a .22 for his birthday,took a picture,and let him post it on the internet.""I thought as much.Sorry to have bothered you."Case Closed.

The biggest a-wipe in this is the person who called in, an apparently false report to the child abuse hotline, and got this whole messy ball rolling.  I'm glad the guy knew his rights and stopped it.

why does the case worker not have to identify him/herself??  F' her

They  should of brought a dog from home or grabbed one from the pound to take with them. If the mutt stares off in space or licks its nuts and officer says dog alert,  then the officer has a automatic search warrant. I have heard cops brag  saying"  who needs a judge anymore for a warrant". There are some honest cops that do not abuse this but many that do. There are also honest judges that will ask for training certification sometimes,  but hey that is after the cops have confiscated all your weapons and to many times you never get them back! Freedom has been eroded. We are now a police state.

Both my sons learned how to handle, and shoot real guns at the age of 10.That's just the way of real Southern living....Northern liberals prefer their kids watch MTV and learn to associate familiarity with the Black lifestyle.

The kid's dad is in his life and mentoring him responsibly with firearms.  This story makes me happy.

the kid looks pretty happy in the pic. focking nosy people needs to mind there own biz. people need to learn snitches get stitches.

Isn't the government becoming too intrusive and violating our freedoms why they put the second amendment in the constitution in the first place, so we wouldn't have a well armed military and no means for the people to form militias to protect our rights?

Welcome to the USSN, The United Socialist States of Newmerica. The USSR (KGB) could only dream of the spy apparatus that Facebook, Twitter, all of the hysteria that media pours onto us constantly, could have provided them as a tool for control over their citizens.personally i would told the officers and caseworker i got two words for ya (((((suck it))))!!!!!!!!!!!!I personallyt hope that man sues the holy heck out of the state and federal govt

but...but they didn't do any of the things you are saying you aren't safe from in your own house, allegedly they asked and you said no, supposedly, that was it..... and if they didn't go check on it and it was some crazy kid posting pictures of themselves with a weapon their parent's didn't know they had and they did something stupid......... still blame your busy body friends.

I wouldn't of even let them in the house in the 1st place. Not without a warrant.

What's sad and scary is that many people think the guy should have just bent over and grabbed his ankles and consented to a warrantless search.

This country is out of control and our civil liberties are disappearing daily.   If enough Americans don't wake up by 2014, well....

somewhere, someone in the fbi is looking at facebook banging his head against the desk wondering... why, WHY didn't i think of this, its brilliant! call it social, and get everybody on it to put all of their private lives on display.

Where is our Al Sharpton. the hot line snitch should be located and arrested for making false statements. The state should be sued. Their civil rights were abused.What could posibly been in the safe that would constitute child endangerment? What a sad time.

and WHERE was the abuse or neglect? i see a kid SMILING!!!!

2 NJ cases I know of personally. First was a neighbor kid to an old girlfriend, mother was acrackhead. Kid used to come to my girlfriend's house to get fed. One day he broke his glasses playing in the street, I felt bad and bought him new glasses. Mom and her crackhead boyfriend actually came at me for buying the kid new glasses, and my girlfriend for feeding the kid...the boyfriend almost got physical with. My girlfriend called DFS on them, several times, was repeatedly told that they were aware of the situation, but there was nothing they could do, since it fell short of "abuse". Case 2, Decent middle class family, both parents at home, father a business owner, kid wants for nothing and NEVER gets hit no matter how much he asks for it. Father got into a neighbor's beef with with a volunteer fireman over him bringing the firehouse SUV home everynight and parking it in front of the family's house, to leave the spot in front of his own house open in case he had a visitor. Couple days later the narcotics hit squad raided his home, masks and all...got nothing. That was 5 years ago and DFS continues to harass this family, to include random visits as late as 10 at night with requests to inspect the inside of the house...and yes, they bring the cops with them. In NJ, child welfare definitely depends on who you know.

I'd sue every government agency involved under title 42 section 1983 of the U.S. Code.I'd sue every government agency involved under title 42 section 1983 of the U.S. Code.

That's right dad, stand your ground.  You called your lawyer and crushed their illegal advances.  This is only the beginning folks.  Unless voters flex their muscle in 2014 and 2016, and vote these tyrants out of office, it will be more of the same, if not worse.

I would think that if they had 4 police officers with nothing to do they could put them on traffic patrol or something productive.

The funny part the goverment is going to check abuse on these people. while the lower income familys kids are around drung addicts, theifs, murders, and rapist but hey who cares about them.. since their the ones who is degrading our country.. if you havent seen the bad side of new orleans or similar you have no room to talk..

Welcome to 'late capitalism'. Workers will NOT be allowed to bear arms unless they are used only in defense of the owners of the Fatherland (the capitalist class).

1. You can tell its a .22 caliber rifle due to the type of magazine.2. He's practicing good firearm safety by keeping his finger off of the trigger and holding the firearm away from individuals.  I would prefer to aim down and away but the father would be a better judge based on the situation.3. Camo and a gun are only scary to those who haven't grown up with them.4. That smile tells you all that a parent needs to know.Carry on American's for responsible gun ownership!

bring back marty stoffer's wild america

Some people in government need to get a grip!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

my son owns multiple guns, he is 10, he is very knowledgable in their use and knows all the safety measures when handling them, guns are not dangerous when the person operatring them are competent in doing so. you people forget that car accidents murder 10s of thousands more people than guns do every year but you dont hesitate to give your children the keys.

Wow that's cute, I wish I had one like that when I was his age we had BB guns and some conventional looking 22 rifles.Maybe his Dad will teach him to hunt liberalsyet another example of an #$%$ liberal state trying to take away peoples rights.

Of course, the real crime is that the boy and his family are white! The cops could spend all day investigating blacks and hispanics that have posted internet photos of guns, but chose to single out a law abiding white family.

what the f^%&amp; is government doing getting involved in this? its called 2nd ammendment, its the US, now just cuz we give a gun as a gift to our kids we get checked by the government? How dumb and invasive to our rights!

The gun was  given to him by his parents who probably taught him how to use it they've probably got a lot more sense than the beaurocrats sitting at their desk

Typical liberal over reaction. Refusing to identify yourself. Demanding entry without even probable cause. No warrents. Someon saw the photo and called it in. This is not something you would expect to see in the usa. This is typical of totalitarian regime. They are bolder, arrogant and more brutal the less rights its subjects have. Lucky this was usa and not the old soviet union or ddr. Funny though how something like this gets attention straight away while the crazy loners with issues that people always wisper about never hears anything about until after an incident and then little bits start to come out in little bits over time long after. Thats because typical liberals want you to feel sorry for the crazy loner and feel angry at the normal solid family.

blue state!!! Called it...

LAWSUIT...RIGHT AWAY..SUE THE WELFARE IDIOTS AND THE COPS.....SEND YOUR OWN MESSAGE........"The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government."Thomas Jefferson

Tax dollars at work being paranoid. Welcome to the New World Order so many of you denied could ever take place.

Folk in the south teach their children from the time they can walk, how to shoot, and respect real guns....I've thought both my sons how to hunt, and gut clean game at 10 years old.Northern kids learn how to smoke pot, and watch MTV for guidance.

Don't tred on meHe should have taken a cell phone picture of the child "welfare" officials and posted it on the internet.

This whole gun issue is insane.  Come on, what law is this child or the family is breaking for leting the child HOLD a rifle in his hand to pose for a picture.  I'm sure he is in the supervision of family adults.  Leave the gun owners alone. For GOD SAKE.

ummmm,,,,,  i'm trying to see what the concern was here?  clearly the photo does not show the child is in danger so why did they even follow up to begin with?  they must show cause to be a ble to so this.  i'd sue!

Gee, and to think I gave my son his first semi-auto .22 at the age of 5 23 years ago... I should have been locked up. Then at 6 I gave him lead poisoning by getting him to help me cast round balls and Sabots for our Black Powder rifles and pistols, he was great with the .36 cal Sheriffs model CVA and the .36 cal Colt Navy(Navy Arms). Kid was a crack shot, still is if I can ever get him to take a gun out of his safe again at 28. I taught him safety and respect. By the time he was 9, he had no interest in guns at all, I had to make him take them out of the safe to dismantle and clean them so's they didn't rust up on us and all, cause I wasn't gonna do it by my lonesome...BTW Kid, that is one great all American picture, you be proud of it and show it to your kids, OK!

Stormtroopers............coming in to your house without a warrant ordering you around............sound familiar.

Hello folks. So child services, dont have to follow the law. ie search warrents Its a great day in , north korea. Stay save and scout out!

To learn more about your 4th and 5th amendment rights, see the superb video on YouTube called: "DON'T TALK TO POLICE."  A law professor and a COP explain why.

The sad part is that one of his family/friends turned him in.

It's too bad DYFS can't find something more constructive to do, like take care of neglected and abused children.  Oh yeah.  That would mean actually doing the job they are paid to do.

He had nothing to hide, they left when he asked them to, not such a big deal. No one took his precious guns awayHe had nothing to hide, they left when he asked them to, not such a big deal. No one took his precious guns away

Get ready everyone.  This is the beginning and it's only going to be getting worse!!

I didn't even have a gun.  The officer came to my house investigating my stolen car(which was returned the same day it was stolen) and after asking questions that implied that maybe I stole the car ( there was no theft insurance on the car) she told me that my guitar "that thing is not appreciated in this complex" I'm an adult (62) with no criminal record. I asked the executive director of the complex about the guitar .  He said the guitar is perfectly welcome there.  It had not been played in probably a week.  You don't have to have a gun to be harassed.  It's not America any more .....If I can get the money I'm going to the Philippines.

Teaching your kid to shoot animals is wrong!  11 year olds should not have guns, this is a civilized country there is no reason for it.

NJ sucks!

They probably received a complaint from someone on the father's Facebook friends list. They have to follow up. That's all it is. I was once called by CPS because my stepdaughter's mother claimed I wasn't making her brush her teeth at my house. I could hear the caseworker rolling her eyes, but they have to follow up on most things. 'Cause the one time they don't, and something turns out to be wrong, they get torn apart.

Come see my kids with guns. U low life #$%$

When I was a kid, if they made AR style .22's, my dad would have bought me one...that's the great thing about this country...freedom...we're not supposed to be controlled by our government on what firearms we choose to own...long live the 2nd Ammendment

I'm 100 percent sure this guy was white. Had he been black he would either be dead or in thejail / hospital today.

I think I'll post pics of my son holding my .45.I hope they try something stupid so I can open fire!I am hoping to start the war one way or another, it is NEEDED!I HATE despots, and cops are turnng into UNWANTED VERMIN daily!police state, its his home not the states.

Solution: stop posting everything on Facebook.

Here go the gun freaks again. You must all call each other to start posting.

Well, the kid does look a little nerdy......:+)

Oh heck, I had my home searched-5 officers- and my son taken by DHS for him saying in Kindergarten that his mom cooks herbs in a pot. I make salves and lotions. I gave them the bags which was labeled AXIS HEALTH FOOD STORE and noticing I was pagan-one officer quickly dismissed the others and told the DHS worker to bring back my son. Yeah they sniffed out lawsuit real quick. People don't get upset until it happens to them but this goes on ALOT by DHS/DCFS etc etc.

Just think, now the criminals can create a Facebook page and post false pictures of someones child with a cool looking gun and a false address to pull police officers off the street making their crimes easier to commit.I hope the mane stream media picks this one up and airs it coast to coast to show how stupid people are becoming about guns.  This child will not grow up to be a mass murderer just because he learns proper firearms usage and safety, in fact he is less likely to use a gun in a violent act because he has learned that guns are not toys, they are only used for sport or self defense and never out of anger.  If we would teach this to our children our future would be a brighter and safer one.

Some people just need to mind their own freaking business. This has gotten ridiculous!

I wonder what DYFS would say if I showed them a picture of my 8 year old shooting the same rifle? Thankfully, I was smart enough to move out of NJ 3 years ago. Wish I had done it sooner.

I was 5 when I got me first 22. Now 23 years later I still haven't shot anyone. What a surprise.

Child Protective Services = Guilty until proven innocent.  The better parent loses, the accuser wins.Are you F'ing kidding me!!  Typical Yankees. Pathetic!

I really, really, really, really, really HATE stupid people.

when i got my first shotgun i was #$%$ was a .410 bolt action  i had a 20 single shot  gauge when i was 8and i got my first 12 gauge pump  when i was 9I still have them all  as well as a few firearms i have acquired over the yearsi also joined the US Army reserves  at 17  on the DEP and served in desert stormI have never been in jail for anythingmy father took me hunting and fishing and taught me how to live off the land if i needed tooI love my parents and see them when ever i canMy mother and father spanked me when i did wrong  and taught me right from wrongI am very safe with my weapons  but i will use them in self defense if the need arisesIf you worry about people like me who own firearms , That worry is very misplacedI am not your enemy

How is that picture even close to child abuse in any form for child welfare to be involved or the frigen cops

The ONLY 100% pro-gun rights party is the LIBERTARIAN PARTY.

I want to know why the child welfare official would not offer her name?   Aren't they supposed to identify themselves when asked?  What are they afraid off?

From how I read the article, the state officials acted properly. They were obviously sent to the residence by their superiors and asked, not demanded entrance and access to the family's firearms. When permission was denied, they left. The bad guys in this scenario are the self-righteous busybody who dropped a dime in the first place and the politicos who allowed the whole thing to happen. Oh, and the official who refused to identify herself.

People need to relax, fire arms are not the enemy here, it's the nutjobs that occasionally get access to them.The amount of violent crime actually prevented by fire arms is far more a higher statistic than these mass shootings, too bad the media never bothers with those stories. Must be because negativity sells.

But let the parents give the kid crack and child services never bat an eye.

This is what happens!! when you idiots agree with letting your nanny government take away your rights and dont fight back.. Instead the american sheeple are too busy worrying over who is gonna win on american idol...this gun issue is getting out of hand.. americans need to take a stand against this governement. they are the enemyThis whole thing is really disappointing.  There are quite a few photos of me when I was 11 or 12 holding a shotgun with a grouse and pheasant in hand, something similar to this photo.  My father took great pride in me learning the value of hunting and sportsmanship.  I turned out just fine.  I pretty much had it with all this liberal #$%$

Hey assh#*e child welfare do your job and stop the abuse of adopted kids you self rightious jerk offs. How many kis have been starved, left by you in a home here they are sex toys, chained and beaten, starved beyond beleif if not death and your answers are the same, "WERE SO UNDER STAFFED WE CANNOT FIND ALL THE ABUSE". REALLY? WOW took what 1/2 day to jump on this non adoptive child where he is obviously loved and cared for. SENT OUT THE DAMN IDIOT COPS, who also never remove abused kids until its a body or just a skeleton. Worry about exacly what your title is "WELFARE WORKER", not personal family issues where you have no business sticking in your sick lttle #$%$. They have a right to raise their child as they want to as long as it is not agaist the law such as child porn, using him as a drug smuggler, theif, etc. THIS GOVERNMENT HEADED BY OBAMA, BIDEN, CLINTON, PELOSI NEEDS STOPPED.....NOW.

Obamas  gun grab goes on they will try anything even illegal acts by police menCan you say Police State  Mine Fuhrer Obama and his SS squads

This is Barack Hussein Obama II's America... Sucks!

Can't criticize the kid. His behavior is normal for an 11 year-old.His father probably needs some counseling, though.

He CLEARLY looks like a menace!

" "It's the caseworker's call," she said".............hahahahhaha!  surprise, surprise, surprise! how surprised you'll be should the state decides to invade your domain. like gestappos, they take over, and charge you with the impossible, taking away your privacy, dignity and freedom! welcome to the matrix of your police-state!

Four police officers and at least two welfare officials to handle the case of a picture of what could well have been a BB gun? There is something seriously wrong in the US.

Even little gun nuts celebrate more the gun tragedies this country has and the parents are dumber then the kid.  It comes with this culture but it is someone else fault.

I had a similar experience on my 11th birthday. I got an Optimus Prime for my birthday and my older brother kept looking at it. I felt very threatened.Who wouldn't want a gun like that when your eleven!  I didn't like the 30.06 or even the 16 ga. much cause they kicked too much.

Here we go!.   Get ready for all the "mothers against everything" groups to have a hissy fit!, you know?...the ones raising their kids to be big wussies, and always a freind to them instead of a parent!  yeah...those people.

Props to this father for teaching his son how to keep his finger off that trigger as well as having the brain to have a lawyer on standby.

10 years old? He can't start with a single shot bolt action.

Country sucks and yes I left

"Moore said he called his lawyer Evan Nappen, who specializes in Second Amendment cases..."Who has a lawyer that specializes in Second Amendment cases on speed-dial?Something sounds fishy here...

Maybe don't post pictures like that on Facebook. Anybody could have seen that picture and called. If you choose to post on Facebook, check your privacy settings.

If someone had taken a picture of the welfare worker and her accomplices, I bet there would have been a swastika armband present.  Just think, ignorant Americans voted for this kind of government abuse!!!

So buying a rifle for you son and teaching him proper weapons safety etc is a crime now ?????next you will will want to ban hunting and fishing too ...oh wait Peta already does want those bans too ????why can't people just mind their own business

This is what the United States has come to. I predict that the next time this happens the homeowner will not call an attorney but will enact his "Castle" right on the unsuspecting caseworker and police officers. Remember "A man's home is his castle." Before 2016 the United States will be called "Battlefield America."Even little gun nuts celebrate more the gun tragedies this country has and the parents are dumber then the kid.  It comes with this culture but it is someone else fault.

That's one of the main reasons I moved out of NJ after being Born there and living there 27 years.....NJ does not believe in the presuit of happyness

No sir. I don't like this, I don't like this one bit. It's articles like this that inspire me to arm myself quietly, stock up on ammunition, and stock up on tin foil hats.

When some of us were 11 years old, we played cowboys and indians with toy guns and costumes and pretended we were Roy Rogers or John Wayne and it was a great fantasy. These days, 11 year-olds look like GI Joe in camouflage with a real gun?.... What the hell happened?...

Kiss your 2nd amendment goodbye, as you rack a round into the chamber.

Sue their ASHES OFF! BULL, you can not do that if the story is the truth.

"Moore said he called his lawyer Evan Nappen, who specializes in Second Amendment cases, and had him on speakerphone as he arrived at his house..."Sounds like a set up so he could cry victim to me.

If the kid was in the bush holding a turkey or a rabbit, I’m sure nothing would have come of it. But this photo is not outdoorsy and can be viewed as militant and in a very bad way.

i see the republican polution has no clue about reality  as they are to busy posting ignorant anti logic comments. you people should get a brain find some intelligence and try to act like you have a clue

And just why does a ten year old boy need a .22 rifle that looks like an assault weapon? If that child walked into town like that he would be shot. And Dear Ol'Dad has a 2nd Amendment attorney on his speed dial? That poor kid is doomed, and he has his parents to thank for it.Save Rodrigo in Mexico, he's been deported.  His parents are illegals from the Bay Area,sent home to save Mexico from the drug gangs.  Poor Rodrigo.

We live in a society where police hold the same power as the president. Most officers I know  have access to unlimited arms which fall into the hands of criminals. Is it wrong for a father to teach his son the american way?

....someone needs to thoroughly school those gestapo Carney's Point police in second ammendment rights and hold them accountable for what they foolishly TRIED ( but failed) to do....

so anyone can call regardless of the truth of a situation? thats ridiculous.well thats what happens in the time of the patriot act. way to trade actual freedoms for the illusion of security america.

The case worker deserves to be #$%$ a dozen times and then a bullet in her head. Worthless, #$%$ #$%$

What the writer of this article fails to tell you is that NJ has different laws when it comes to child protection than other states. What you would think is an inappropriate knee-jerk reaction is pretty common here. They do it for prevention. Does it work? I couldn't tell you. The system is too overburdened to give accurate numbers. What I can say is that it hurts too many innocent families.DFS has a tendency to act first, ask questions later, sort out any problems later, have any punishment and cut a small check for any "suffering" while dragging our feet only at the last five seconds.

Legal "Assault Rifles" are in fact just semi-automatic weapons. They are really no different than a handgun. Is it just the look of these specific guns that has everyone up in arms? I don't own a gun and I don't plan on buying one, but it is our constitutional right to have one. This is .22-caliber weapon and is no more dangerous than any other .22. We need to really stop with this hysteria over guns. Next year it will be something else though, so then we get to be fed some other divisive issue to distract us from anything that is actually wrong with this country. It's almost like we have a cycle of hysteria. My bet us on gay marriage for 2014. Then we can all yell and scream some more about our personal beliefs again.

Wow! You mean there really are people that are not crazy or socially f**ked up that own guns?!? There are responsible people that own guns legally and keep and have them for non murderous uses?!? Yet another incidence where the "powers that be" have overreacted.  Tax dollars pay for that. Child Welfare Investigators (plural) AND four local cops. Someone needs to lose their job over this one. Especially trying to get entry to the home without a warrant. This Nation is flailing in the wind.

Family looking for their 15 minutes of fame? How stupid and idiot some parents can be?

It's those innocent looking smiling ones who will use that gun on you.It's those innocent looking smiling ones who will use that gun on you.

America is mental and violent and the pedophile and hypocrite church on Sunday is criminal and a cult.

This child maybe obeying his father now because he is just a child. I can see this child moving down the wrong path at his father doings. I belive this man did this for attention and he got what he was looking for. This remind me of the young man that father started allowing him to practice shooting at twelve, Well this young man was a straight a stundent and obeyd his parents. But his senior year he falls for this young teen and this young teen girl became his girfriend. Then this young man found out that she was cheating on him with her old boyfrien, and he became so low behind it and decided to go back to school one day and shot the other boy down in the school parking lot. Now this teen is serving life in prison. I know that this father only cares about  his second admenment rights, but allowing a this child showing his gun  and proud. This father only did this out of vengance. I give this young child four more years and he will end up in prison for murder. We as parents cannot say what  our children will not do even though this father chose to give this child for his birtday. This child will end up killing his father or hr he will be the next killer of some one or somebody. Well I am sure this father thought feel he has done anything wrong. Well his father got his three min. of fame, but the sad thing about this father, He will  someday have to see  that this is wrong and it will sure come back to haunt his father.

In 4 years he'll off the whole family behind too little gray matter and too many hormones.

So the officials aren't required to know they need a search warrant. What about firing them for incompetence.

Whatever you do, DO NOT MENTION THE NRAs involvement, they get upset and bury your posy

He should be spanked REAL HARD with an AR-15

Most People in this Country just want to go to work support their Family obey the Laws and be left the hell alone.

So why did this guy already have a lawyer to call?  I don't agree with the harassment, but it's odd when people already have lawyers.  I wouldn't have needed a lawyer to ask if they had a warrant before showing them out the door.

Ugly rifle. Dad should have bought him a Browning Abolt with a quality scope rather than a junky looking assault type.Teaching safety is important though.  We didn't think often enough about sticking stuff in our ears and now my ears are ringing forever

I hate America.

fucvk new joisy

or should I saw "jew noisy"

this is the America odumbo and his cronies want. they want your neighborr to call them if you have a gun and they want you to not understand your rights so they can walk right in and take them. man was in the right and stood up for himself, good job dude. move down here to ky, we are actually not all illiterate rednecks as some would lead you to think and we would welcome a good honest 2nd amendment supporting patriot such as yourself to our state that has very good views on civil rights and firearms

child abuse? lol..yeah, look at the big ol' #$%$ smile on that boys face, cant have that huh. new jersey sux, so does new yawk and commyfornia. 11 is a good age for a first gun actually, I got mine when I was 8 or 9, was a little stecvens single shot 22 short called a crocket. then when I was 12 I got a Winchester semi-auto model 190 .22. been inlove with them every since. when I was 10 I got to fire my dads colt 1911 and that was it, hooked on ohonics...lol...ok, handguns...lol..    my son got his first .22 mini revolver at 4 but was kind of scared of the noise so I didn't force him to fire it, just stuck with bb guns for a few more years, and bows . he got it back when he was 8. he is 24 now and has about 12 I think, I have about 35 or 40, we like guns, they are fun, even his mother shoots. not real big into hunting but we do a little, but just for meat., trophy hunters make me sick

#$%$.

they change the looks and shape of guns,,,,from the toys guns and guns that kill people

A .22? Are they trying to raise a pansy? Give the kid a proper caliber like a .458 socom or .50 beowulf.

I bought my 9 year old the same gun last year..Idiocracy.

What are the odds?  Guy places one picture on his Facebook.  And then asserts 'someone' called in abuse charges when everyone knows that state agencies and police are required to investigate, and to top it all off, he has a second amendment speciality attorney already lined up??   Nah, not buying this particular line of #$%$. Shawn Moore set the whole thing up to make a point and of course get his '15 minutes '.If you believe this thug have I got a bridge or three to sell ya!

This just in:Drones were sighted today flying low over the Moore house and later a unknown man came by and told them they better watch their steps or else and not to mention this visit to any local newsmen*the man were described as having rags on his head and spoke arabic and said it was against Allah*wait this is america right*

Could also be an airsoft - entering home and asking to see personal guns and the contents of the safe is a big infringement on privacy - that is like "big brother" and almost like a futuristic unrealistic sci fi  film - I would have told them to go to hell too!

The police knocked on the door and wifey let them in. They asked to see the guns. Hubby said no and asked them to leave. They left.  Sounds like the system worked pretty well. Now if three days after the photo hit the internet the boy had shot his best friend or all his classmates this same knucklehead would be asking why Children's Services/Police didn't do anything when someone called in the tip.quit your #$%$'

Good for them.  I live in NJ and got forced by dyfs to register my guns a few years back because my daughter went in foster care until I did.  The shotguns she has no access to was their only reason for the move from my house.  I registered them immediately for her sake but still hold it against the state and plan to move

A 22 rifle can kill you just as dead as a 30-30 rifle.

Now i am a gun owner,but this does not look like a rifle,or at lest none i have ever seen.

Watch the kid use it on his father.

Great Photo...Of course if the kid were a nut and shot someone,what would all you be posting then? (let em guess: a tragedy no one could have foreseen blah blah blah?) Kids should not have guns PERIOD no more than they should have car keys when they are 14. Seems obvious. Yes, I had guns when I was in grade school but then my parents let me all sorts of crazy sh** that luckily never killed me.

Why would you let them in?!?!?! Much less open your safe, dad is a dumb #$%$ too!

An 11-year-old child has no business with a .22 caliber rifle.  This is a fatal accident waiting to happen.  Notice that he's dressed up in camo so he can pretend he's shooting terrorist bad guys.  His father better have that lawyer on speed dial for when the boy accidentally kills a playmate or himself.

"I don't like what happened," he said. "You're not even safe in your own house. If they can just show up at any time and make you open safes and go through your house, that's not freedom; it's like tyranny."What is he talking about?  Child welfare services showed up and asked to see his guns. He said no, you don't have a warrant, and they went away. What is the story here?  He had not been jailed, nor has he been punished in anyway.BTW it was the child welfare services duty to conduct an investigation.

The only thing wrong with this picture is that it's not a real .308 AR.

You have to be 18 to vote and 16 to drive a stinking car (18 to drive at night in my state) but you can give an 11 year old a freakin gun????   Guns are bad enough in the hands of idiots over 18, let alone kids who have no control over their own emotions half the time.   Parents who place a deadly weapon in the hands of a child should lose custody.

Well, at least it won't fit in his Backpack.. Right?

You guys voted for this so called american called obama

Just looked up N.J. gun laws. Children as young as ten can legally hunt. Well, sorry, but I am sure as heck staying out of your woods in the fall.

22's are the choosen caliber of Assassins'... I have no proublem with the 2 nd Amendment rights as long as they don't Kill people in schools, who aren't breaking into a home or not threatning a life.  Let's just hope that this lad and other young people who are given fire arms by their Parents , Don't go off somewhere and end up on the 6PM news....A kid with a gun is nuts.

parents just trying to play law suit lotto thats why he dressed his kid in the camies and posted it on face book, because he knew some libtard yahoo poster would freak.

These people are going to kill one another over their rights to own guns.  It's too late to start to out law guns.  The "Gun Industry" is simply to profitable.  It's best to flood the land with all kinds of weapons and, put up with the consequences of an "Armed Citizenry."  Biggie?

So, the agency asks for an interview with the parents, who want to know what it's about, and, it's about an anonymous tip that the kid has what appears to be a semi-automatic weapon with a higher capacity clip, and is in military camoflage. (Gee, what every kid should bring to Show-and-Tell on Monday, or at least have handy to protect himself from the Mean Kids picking on him for being Four-Eyed....) So, the dad calls a Second-Amendment ambulance-chaser, er, lawyer, to back him up.  Sounds like the police were set up for a media ambush....

to me this is way wrong and very stupid by all partys involved starting with the parents giving such a wepon to a 11 yo  what ever happened to the bb gun till you was atleast 14 no way he can respect and protect that wep and to post it on FB these days just shows how dumb they are  so i wouldnt trust them with a gun or a child

And if this kid is a "loner" or a "gamer", that makes him a future mass murderer too. Just ask those child services experts who don't know their butts from a hole in the ground.

yes the goverment was cuzz the caseworkers and police work for the state and the state is the goverment gessh dont you all know anything and not all state are like nj some states are trying to leave the use over gun laws and cops are takeing a stade for are rights may be if the states would have better mental health guns would not be a big issue

Stupid gun hicks are becoming more foolish and dangerous by the day.

I've seen an influx of similar images on photography sites lately. They were never there before. I view it as the parents' using their children to make political statements. I grew up around kids and their hunting rifles...2 barrel or single shot. They were always taught to honor their weapon and take it seriously as a tool of death. There was a solemnity to using a rifle. There may be pride in the kill (followed by hours of meat processing) but not in the killing. The recent images popping up around the internet show a different type of weapon and a different relationship with it. The children look giddy and irreverent, enjoying the opportunity to play grown-up with little appreciation for the consequences for 'playing' with the 'toy' in their hands.  My brother was shot in the eye with an air gun that his friend thought would be fun to fire at him (in teasing). No one knew the friend had brought the air gun. My brother didn't own an air gun, BB gun, or anything of the sort; his friend wanted to surprise him. My brother and his friend were playing tag in the front yard - with parents in the house doing chores - on a warm sunny very normal day - and in a moment, the world changed for him. Doctors were reassembling his eye and hoping that the permanent damage would be minimal. If the gun had been real, he would not have lived to warn his own children about responsibility in play. My concern about this image is not related to the rights of adults to own arms (most of my friends are well-armed and very tough in their expectations that their children will not touch them without permission or close supervision). I have no problem with children being taught the natural cycle of life. Many people eat meat and hunting is a way to get that food. I don't even have a problem with a child being taught to use a hand gun in self-defense, under the strong expectation that their life better truly be in danger and parents/adults incapacitated, before they take the initiative to touch the gun in their own hands. What I do have a problem with is children or adults showing off in pictures their lack of respect for the lethal potential of the object in their hands. I have the same complaint about drivers who put their own need for speed over the safety of children in crosswalks, construction workers on the job, and other drivers within any immediate proximity. Let's respect other people and the objects in our lives that can (on purpose or by mistake) take the lives of those around us (whether we know them or not). For me it is not about the weapon (gun, car, etc), it's about respect and responsibility. It is not about changing laws, it's about respecting life. I would hate for one of this kid's friends to come over to play, thinking this boy wanted to 'play guns', bringing his own 'cool, grown-up' gun (unbeknownst to anyone), and shooting him in the eye... He might not be as lucky as my brother.

thank goodness the government is viewing photos of this type.....a hunting gun is just that..not a copy of an assault weapon..dumb..&amp; dumber....thank goodness the government is viewing photos of this type.....a hunting gun is just that..not a copy of an assault weapon..dumb..&amp; dumber....

I read many of the comments. You all complain about government intrusion, yet I am willing to bet most of you voted republican. Yet you see them stripping women having the right to determine their own healthcare trampled over everyday and see nothing wrong with that. Don't you realize that when the republicans are done distroying wiomen's rights, they will move onto yours. Wake up and stop believing the lies. And to the idiot who implied government was trolling the net for kids with guns, it was stated by Child Welfare that they were just responding to an anonymous caller which they are required to do. And with the constant murders in this country, I am not surprised the social worker wanted police protection.

Southern people raise there kids from young how to shoot bc their afraid of black people who are taking their country from them and ruining their lives. When he pics off a bunch of innocent people they'll blame it on liberals or drugs instead of that good old southern upbringing of racism and ignorance.

Sorry but in.my opinion this child has no right to have this gun.  His father bought the gun.  Its his dad's.  This child cannot buy the gun on his own.  He is not of age.  This picture was made public and obviously worried someone that's why the authorities were called.  The image would have frightened me.  I would have called.

...live by the gun...die by the gun!!!

We will see this kid n  a few years when he blows a few.people away!

All I have to say is why are people compelled to post family pics on line?  What happen to having your family photos in an actual album instead of floating it around for everyone to see and creating issues that should never have been brought to the attention of the public.  "Hey dad, how about being a role model!"

Welcome to the new USSA!

Not for nothing....but that kid looks like he could snap one day. It's always the quiet ones, the ones that smile in photos, their the ones you never expect.  Also, it's New Jersey, they're like the younger siblings to people from New York, neither of which should have guns (exception for the rural folk). The sheer level of annoying is enough to cause a person to attempt self strangulation.

GD another right wing nut on the loose. Take him to gym before it to late.The Feds need to take the guns from the cops and the public. Only members of our Armed Forces should have routine access to firearms.

A future Adam Lanza.

A gun as a birthday present,with all that happening to teenagers these days?please!parentsyou should be responsible for your children,there are other better presents out there

I will lmao if the tip came from some christian republican.  Ya never know with some people.

The framers of the constitution did not have any idea that we would invent assault rifles and high capacity gun clips.  The 2nd ammendment was for the purpose of forming a militia for protection.  One person with a gun or guns does not constitute a militia.  In light of gun violence in our country, people should be happy for protections, not crying about 2nd ammendment rights.

You people need to get over your love affair with guns. Yes, yes I know, it's your constitutional right to bear arms and kill people, blah, blah, blah! You do know the rest of the world thinks you're crazy, dont you?

my dad gave me a 22 at 10 years old and sent me to N R A GUN CAMPduring summer time,then at 15  a 38 colt hand gun at 18 a 44 smith and wesson like in sudden impack,know i carry a 40 caliber desert eagle and still have my dads guns plus mine,so i see know wrong done here.i am PRO GUN and will never change or give up my 2nd amenment rights,all so have AK47,PLUS AR 15 ASSULT GUNS and all the large clips and ammo,all in gun safe.

You political enthusiast need to calm down and take deep breaths. This is a single incident. I know it's tempting to use this one event to push your cute little political ideologies, but try and put those critical thinking skills to good use.Let rednecks be rednecks. If he shoots himself and/or his family, it's their problem.

There r so many gun loving children ready to snap n america its crazy!

When I was 11, I had TOY guns!!! Stupidity... giving children who aren't even old enough to vote or join the armed forces a gun. I am glad they investigated.CPS can show up unannounced. They can take the kid too until the investigation is complete. I guess dad wants his guns more then his kid. scratch head.

what a stupid thing to post on Facebook....we did people put so many pics of their damned kids looking dumb and acting stupid?

Good for the workers.  Shame on the parents.  They SHOULD have their home inspected.  Way to raise a kid at that age.  Remember Sandy Hill and Chardon?  Next he'll be bragging about a gun and taking it to school.

This dad just increased his son's chance of dying in a gun related incident.  That should be punishment enough.  Don't harass him in his home on top of that.

why would they put a pic up for anyone to see this. They just wanted attention!! I swear ppl do anything for attention!

A family of A holes

Wow!This country is a monstrous one.

This is just plain stupidity on the father's part.  It's obvious this idiot knew something would happen if he posted that picture.  He wants the attention.  These are the crazies who should never be allowed to own a gun.

This is shameful. We're too violent as it is. We have too many kids shooting kids. Why this is such a proud thing to show off is pathetic. Kids no longer smile and pose with a new basketball or skateboard now they do it with gus and people go great. UNTIL this kid decides to smile with a real gun as an adult before the massacre!

Another psycho NRA member in the makingAnother psycho NRA member in the making

Lock The Parents Up For Being Brainwashed By The Insane NRA.   They Are Clearly Mentally Deranged.    Momma Lanza and The NRA killed those children in Sandy Hook.   Adam was Sick But Momma And The NRA Were Insane.  They Were Her guns That She And The NRA Sanctioned For Adam To Use.

The father has a lawyer that he calls up specializing in 2nd amendment cases...that says it all.  Only a gun nut would have that and to dress his kid up like that for a picture says even more.  Probably didn't want to open the safe because of the illegal weapons he has stockpiled for when the 'govmint' starts oppressing it's citizens.  Like he said, he knew it would have been over.  What a douche.

Give this proud dad the butt head stupid idiot award of the day. Gun loving sick idiot. Look what you're doing to the children. In twenty years no one in this country will be safe any where.