Put a bounty on them.  Do away with out-of-state hunting license excess cost.  Import a bus load of Cajuns.  No more pigs and two new TV shows.

that dam bull chit useing antifreeze at all .iam a hunter  and dont stoop to being that low.dam morons only do that. just not the coyotes drink that .but all kinds of different  creatures.  wouldnt want me to catch them doing that .period.

This would be a good training program for our military,Use their night vision scopes and donate all the meat to food programs for the poor citizens.this would serve to diminish this hog problem.

Why not set up an open hunting season and pay a per hog bounty.

This headline was more interesting when I first mis-read it "federal pigs."

Did the New Mexico land commissioner really go on record saying that feral pigs were "much brighter" than he is?  Wow.

Start a rumor in China that the pancreas of a North American feral pig is an aprhodisiac and they'll be eradicated with two years.

Have gun will travel. Pigs are tasty

I know some boys from east Georgia who would love nothing better than shooting pigs on a golf course.

What about the pigs in Washington DC?

I wonder if these pigs would be good to eat  I love ham and bacon...Pigs are smarter than politicians, it's a proven fact!

Simple, simple, solution. There are lots of hunters that would be MORE than happy to help. Just give them a license to do so, perhaps a small bounty, and declare open season on the pests. Just like Florida has a Boa and Python problem, and Tennessee has a problem with wild pigs tearing up the Great Smoky Mtn National Park and destroying rare plants, It would be soooooo much cheaper to allow hunters to harvest these animals instead of spending untold millions of dollars using the Game and Fish people and actually paying professional hunters to do it. I would do it for the fun of it, just like hunting coyotes and prairie dogs. Let the hunters use night vision scopes and suppressors and give them $10 for each carcass brought in. It`s just common sense and a great way to pay for their ammo and gear while enjoying a sport and protecting the land. P.S. Don`t tell PETA.

Kill them, butcher them and give the meat out instead of food stamps.

looks like a good way to feed the poor,no more Top Sirloin with food stamps. Just Pork ,free pork,all the pork you can eat.

1million wasted. put a bounty on them.

32,000 out of 5 million is not many and mirrors the way government runs their numbers.. They are going to throw money at this problem when there is a record history that what they dictate  doesn't work.One good wallow and that tracking device will be toast. Open them up to wholesale hunting.

Hey, here's a suggestion.  Use those AR-15s to shoot the pigs.  Oh wait, that is not politically correct.  LOL

Put a bounty on them of say $50.00 I bet a bunch of people could use that cash.

JUST SHOOT THEM! We need to spend $1Million to STUDY THE ISSUE? What a joke! Make it open season on feral pigs, like a number of states have already done, and let the hunters FIX THE PROBLEM!

Get  Biden aproved double barrel shotgun and shoot both barrels either into the air or thru a closed door, that is what the libs will do to get rid of them.i do hope that they will save the meat for people who need it.  that is a lot of meat for them to waste

The camera man can obviously find them. Hire him as a guide and send in hunters with thier AR-15s. Send the meet to the food banks, or export it.

Let us bait them and hunt them at night!!!  Allah, why hamstring efforts to wipe them out?

See that photo?  THAT'S why we have semi-auto rifles and 30-round magazines.

There should be open harvest on all wild hogs. As incentive discount hunting/fishing licenses for those that contribute harvested hogs to the needy.

Lets vote them into Congress in 2014 and the WH for 2016 as they definitely have to be smarter than what we have in there now.  Miss Piggie for President

See?  Told you there's a need for assault weapons.

Hunt these hogs with assault rifles.

I got plenty of BBQ sauce, I ain't scared...

I've run ads before to hunt the wiley hog on private property for free and Never had any takers.Novel idea to use an ar-15, it does serve another purpose.

Bounties on pigs and free pig hunting licenses would be much cheaper then the govt spending all its money on training people to catch and kill them.   Let the rednecks have a shot.... Most pigs killed over a year gets a free pickup truck.... something like that would get rid of the population.

night scopes, silencers and large capacity clips....if colorado has this problem they will be in more big troble

Open hunting with night vision scopes... Meat for all the poor and homeless... It CAN be done.

Turn the illegals loose on them.

VOTE them out !!! Oh wait,wrong pigs.!

Can't they be used for food? Send them to zoo's as food for other animals.

The state charges hunters to hunt pigs . and sets limits on the pigs . let the hunters hunt for free with no limits .. Let them give the hogs to whomever they see fit . that will solve problem.

Them piggies is SMART!

When I was a kid, I remember driving through La. late at night and there were feral pigs all along the roads.  The people here hunt them, as do some people in Fl. I think folks in Fl. use dogs, I don't know what methods people in La. use now but it is still a popular sport.When some Mayor Bloomsheen-type idiot asks you why you need a semiauto......

Feral hogs are fun to hunt. Not sure what they charge to hunt private land in NM but I know the price in Texas on private ranches is very reasonable in most areas and you can shoot as many as you want.In some states though it is very expensive 1000 dollars and up for 1 day and you are limited to only shooting one. If land owners opened there property to hunters they would pay a reasonable price to hunt these things.

Where's PETA now?

A couple million pigs in Texas. Most of the land in Texas is private. If you want to hunt the pigs, you have to pay the landowner lots of money to hunt them. Might be one reason why there are so many in Texas.

Night vision telescopic sights on an AR-15 with a high capacity magazine. The liberals say there is no need for the large capacity magazines in the hunting world. Well, there is a place.

Does congress know about this? will they allow tax money they can steal for themselves to be used to kill the very beings they admire and want to emulate.

Trap them, build a fence around Washington D. C., let the feral hogs teach congress some manners.

Deport them now.....No amnesty!

Solution: Hog dogs.We nabbed 9 pigs in one night with a 5 team of pit bulls.

If life hands you a swine, make bacon.LOL, I've been hunting predators at night since I was a kid.  Ranchers where I used to live growing up would pay us to lay out on top of their barns and pick off the coyotes and Mountain lions who would come in to steal their spring calves.I'd love to go to Texas and volunteer my services!

Notice New Mexico is willing to bet $1M of Federal money on THEIR year long project, if they are so sure that this is the answer to their problem let them bet their own money.  Why it it up to the Federal Government to provide funds for a State's problem. They are not a foreign country therefore they are not eligible for aid.

Yet another reason for semi-auto rifles with 30 round magazines...

The other white meat. Stock the food banks.

Good Grief!  We can't afford to spend a million dollars on something like this.  Why not just encourage hunting, allow the hunters to hunt at night with spot lights and then collect a small fee for each pig killed?  The hunters would be sure to kill all or most of the pigs while the government would collect a few bucks for each pig killed.  Oh, and while they are at it the government could make it easier for local restaurants to sell wild pig pork chops and BBQ.

Let PETA members take them home with them.

Open the hunting season for them year round.A lot of poor families could use a freezer full of pork.Especially with today's meat prices.Millions consume wild game yearly with very few ill health effects.It is definitely cleaner than anything you eat that's fast food.

Back in the 60s I used to get $7 for shooting pigs at the Doral Golf Course in Miami at night , within 3 months I had shot 200 pigs and donate the meat to poor people , the problem went away.

Th feral pigs and the illegals have something in common they can outsmart the government.

I dated a Invasive Porker once she made herself at home in my apartment and would clean out my refrigerator when I was at work.She left when I stopped leaving food around the house.It is easy. Let the Chinese Jerky Pork company set up an operation there and the pigs will disappear within 10 years. There is a big demand of Jerky Pork in China. Wild pig meat is a lot leaner than farm raise pigs and has a lot less fat.

I wish FL would do that. We do have open season on them, though. They are considered a nuisance animal at this point. I took a couple last year. The select cuts are good, but you have to marinate most of it. They can be really gamey, especially the big ones. I've got some friends that trap them, and feed 'em grain with a de-wormer for about a month. It takes most of the gamey taste out.

Let the SNAP (food stamp)  recipients go after the pigs.  Good nutrition and good exercise in addition to public service.

Why? because Muslims don't like pigs? If your gonna kill them feed the homeless

One million to shoot pigs while Barry has closed the whitehouse to tours Democrat vision for the hope and change America Let hunters take care of the pigs for god sake

The only way to control them is for someone to figure out how to make money off of them. Once that's figured out, they will be on the endangered species list.

Kinda like some of the politicians in D.C., they take and dont give anything but a pile of chit.

I don't understand why federal employees are need to kill feral pigs as there are plenty of hunters willing to do it for free.  The government just doesn't like the thought of armed civilians.

This all illustrates how soft and dum@ss humans have gotten in the modern environment.

Think suppressed ar15 with 30 round magazine. 3rd generation or thermal scope for optics should do.  Now, find landowners who don't charge 300 bucks a pig and you can dent the population.How strange. The article says pigs use the cover of night to thwart hunters, but their picture is clearly in the daylight, mid-day it looks like

I know plenty of people including myself that would go over there and take out some of those piggies for free.

bacon tastes good, pork chops taste good.......smoke-up , johnny.....

WYH? Nice job government. Sixty years of ignoring the problem have resulted in a wild boar population, nation wide, that probably rivals the human population. Tell you what you can do. Feed them to the thousands of Florida pythons you also ignored. Win-win.

Be a great spot to try out a new assault rifle at night with a infra-red scope.

That's all folks!!!

New Mexico isn't trying anything new. The Judas pig approach has been around a while and I know one wildlife expert in Louisiana that has been using it for years. Helicopter pilots guide hog hunts across the state of Texas every day. People trap... shoot... and dog hogs every day of the week. Here in Texas there is no season and we kill them every chance we get. Good solid family fun with semi auto rifles and thirty round magazines. Beats the hell out of TV.

YEAR ROUND OPEN SEASON

Wasteful spending!  The wild pigs have been around in Texas since the 1850s, and have been already all over the west and southwest, too!As for the Cajuns, they do good shooting, but, they have their own pig problems to take care of!

napalm BBQ sauce, enjoyTrap all the pigs and send them to Pakistan and Afghanistan.

This is why I prefer an M4 with a 30 round magazine shooting from a helecopter .

Wait until the pigs learn to remove the radio collar from Judas and affix it to a Greyhound bud.

They taste great.

Trap em and send em over to Muslim countries, they like pigs.

Now there's a good application for domestic drones!

AH...? Another billion $ fed study program studying pig brains and intelligence..... ?

Getting the Federal Government involved will only make the problem worse.

The USA needs to round up these feral swine and send them to the Middle East to those so called friends in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Libya, Egypt, and sub Sahara Africa. This should have been done in advance in 2001 and 2003 before sending in troops to Afghanistan and Iraq. This would create havoc among the believers in the religion of peace. We could drop them from B-52 Bombers attached to parachutes in large pallets.

Send to Iran, Iraq and Middle East countries!! for terrorist practice.It's OK for wolves to roam free, but wipe out the wild pigs.... Sounds good to me. I like bacon.

States that have bounty on pests get results.  Make a bounty of $25/hog and no limit.  Like Idaho, offer an out-of-state varmint hunting license for just $25.  Sit back and watch the problems dissappear.  Many a hunter needing food and $$$ will tap into this program pronto.  Also, make it so that people taking the hogs to butcher aren't charged, but give the meat to the poor and needy.  This way it's a win-win for all concerned.

One of the many reasons for high capacity magazines on AR15 type rifles. Supressors and night sights are essential as well. These things are vicious when cornered and if they're moving into suburban gardens your dogs and cats might disappear too.

Yea!  BBQ pork

WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THESES HOGS AND WILD BOAR ( tasre real good to me ) ?

Another opportunity to save $$$$ on the budget .. take the illegals off food stamps feed 'em the pigs

Let hunters use spot lights and that will end it but we need tax money spent so let's do it

A good food source for the poor, and out-of-luck people.  Use the dogs to hunt them down.  That is an excellent idea!

DRONES with ADCAP Hellfire BBQ missiles.

Send in the DHS...they Have Plenty of Bullets &amp; Guns, Give them Worthless POS, something to do.Bring over 100 Asians and they'll be on the near extinction list before you know it.

Cull the herds by offering bounties and an open season. we won't spend nearly as much and people get to keep the carcass for their own gastronomic pleasure

I got it.  Bomb NK with feral pigs.  Feed the starving.

Undocumented swine causing untold damage to the Country?There are just 5,000,000 of them...now. Next will be a "path way to citizenship".

its going to be rather hard to do anything at all once the only thing we have to hunt such animals with is a slingshot.

This is what an AR-15 is good for.

Is it cruel irony that this story is directly under the one about Honey BooBoo's mother's make-over?

sell hunting permits to chinese tourists,, they LOVE pork, and will be SOOO HAPPY to kill them for food.

Can we use "assault rifles'?

Who else thought the headline meant Congress?Eradicate the Feral Politicians in Washington.

One word... Baconator.

The Government wants to Ban our semi-auto firearms and regular capacity magazines.If I were to hunt wild boar, I would not use an AR-15, it is too light to do the job. Maybe a  7.62x39 or .308 for the larger animals.

after culling the heards send all the meat to pakastan and afganastan

More proof the government can't do anything correctly, 32000 out of 5 million bad preformance.let private enterprise handle the problem.

We must preserve these poor creatures.  I suggest salt, sugar, and nitrates.

This article sounds racist to me.

Id rather have feral pigs than politicians

Feral Hogs are nocturnal, So you Will not find them during the day, and in all of New Mexico's wisdom Fish and Game will not allow you to shot them at night when they are out. I know because I went hunting there. I seen quite a few at night where you could have shot them easily and safely along the Pacos River just west of the Texas Border. Trapping is the only way to get a hog, then shot it during daylight hours. So if New Mexico Really wants to get rid of the feral pigs like they say then they will have to allow night hunting.

An incredible source of food for the poor, homeless and underprivileged.....why isn't the government doing more to harvest and process this food source?Looks like a job for a military style med powered rifle which accepts standard capacity magazines...

I think some were elected to congress

AR15's are great for pig hunting.

A pork chop and biscuit sounds good right now.

I've had wild pig for dinner and it was better than store bought pork. There is a lot of malnourishment in the us, use these pigs that are healthy for food for the poor. That way you solve two problems with one approach.

Hmmm...........smart pigs huh? wonder what school they went to sucker the feds to spend $1m dollars,besides never tell a pig he can't sing, it's a waste of time and makes the pig mad.

If the government is part of this study my money is on the pigs.

Use napalm. You can get two bennies from one action. You kill pigs and can have a roast too!!

A word to New Mexico and the U.S. Department of Agriculture, "GOOD LUCK".

We could have a Bacon Festival.I don't get how calling an open season until this problem is solved won't work.

send all of the meat to the arab countries

Gee, can we sue Spain for releasing them to begin with?

Seems like the pigs are smarter than Politicans !!!!!

Substitute "illegal immigrants" for "feral pigs" and you'll find the situations are eerily similar.

Give a bounty for each set of ears turned in like they used to do for coyotes.

I am heading down to Texas for pig hunt this weekend.  How about lifting or waiver out of state hunting fee?

Why don't they just put a bounty on them?  It has always worked with eradication in the past.  Instead they want to create a new beaucracy of government hunters to spend tax dollars on?  Like that is going to work.

Call Sonny's Barbeque.

"Take out feral pigs".Like on a date?Send congress to give them a speech, it would bore them to death.

mmmm - bacon.....

I don't live in New Mexico.  A few years ago feral pigs tilled up a 20 ft. diameter new garden spot for me in my back yard. I've been camping out and had an entire herd of feral pigs run through my camp. They ruined my friend's corn field.  They didn't eat the small plants, like some birds do, but they went down the rows, trampling and uprooting.  Roast wild boar is tasty.

Kinda stupid to put our plans on the internet where the pigs can read them!!

The guns, which the anti-gun folk want banned, are good for hunting wild pigs.

Pork.......... The other white meat.

I see cheap bar-b-que in the near future!

Well, they may be invading nearly every state in the union, but at least they don't collect government benefits doing it!

Kinda wanting them around in case things go down hill economically. We'd have something to eat.

I hear soon that PETA is going to get involved here, they will find a way to protect them, just like the EPA will find that humans exhaling co2 will have to be punishedThey should put a $50 bounty on them and watch hunters and trappers solve the problem, just like they did the buffalo.

Use the meat to feed the hungry please

are these "undocumented" pigs? if so, we obviously need to treat them with more respect and give them all the benefits to survive and thrive in America.

Wild pigs, the only thing that outbreeds illegal aliens.

Good luck nothing has worked so far and I'm sure this will fail too.

"Pig experts say patience is key"The pigs in DC are very patient.

With the Feds involved I just know the problem will be solved quickly for only a few Billions.  We will have $100,000 'smart' traps' with remote infrared sensors which only require 10 Federal agents to operate and catch a pig a month etc.

this is the typical bureaucrat thinking, hire some employees, spend a bunch of bucks, make sure I get promoted to head the program.  How about another approach that costs zero.  Hand out hunting tags to every would be hunter and let them loose.  The pigs would soon be reduced to a footnote and you would  have a lot of happy hunters.  Oh I forgot, you cannot do that, no promotions, no empire building and no grants to science to redue work that has already been done fifty years ago.

This sounds like the illegal immigration proble we have in the US maybe after they get rid of the pigs what they learned will help weed out and stop illegals.

Seems like a good use for a 5.56mm semi auto rifle with a 30 round magazine! What does anyone need such a weapon for? Could be hunting these.The article doesn't mention the Black Russian species which are in the Southeast. The problem is that they breed faster than we can kill them.

While skimming the headline, I thought it said "$1M pilot project aims to take out FEDERAL pigs"..FERAL pigs makes a lot more sense.

Send the bacon to Iran.

Offer a bounty.  Make it worth while to hunt them.

Release the drones.

Claymores up...

Wild pigs and illegals. At least we fight the pigs.

Feed 'em out, and market the pork.  "Free Range Bacon", etc...

let's just cease and desist from offering rational, reasonable, no cost solution suggestions, the government is involved with dealing with this problem, there will be no solution, as it must be perpetuated to help mitigate the unemployment figures

I used to have used a old SKS 45 that was close enough to bring these down , but it had a 10 round built in clip that is now against the law, You try to bring these down with anything less. One shot does not work all the time as well as 4 , 5 , etc.I think taking care of the feral pigs in Congress and the administration should be of a much higher priority actually.

If you put a reasonable bounty on them,they would soon cease to be a problem.The government will spend millions doing a study and millions more setting up a committee which guarantees the whole project will fail.

Another reason to own an AR-15! Who says they are not good for hunting?

livin off the fat of the land.

Why not a year round open hunting season on them in every state that has them.  Pork is better than venison.  Pigs are normally very clean animals.  They eat in one areas, sleep in another, defecate in another area.  One of the biggest problems hunting pig is that people try to hunt them in their overgrowth habitat.  You hunt them by bringing them into your habitat.  Bait them with sweet feed, and they will come running every time they get a smell of it.

It is my understanding that part of the problem is that in many areas, it is illegal to shoot them at night, when they are most active.

They sound smarter then the politicians we have in office. Maybe we should just put suits on them.

If, as I believe, bacon=love, then there is a LOT of good lovin' there to be had. Wild pigs can get up to several hundred pounds. That a LOT of bacon!!!! Mmmmm!

How is their meat? Tasty?

A sow can have 3 litters a year of 12 or more.  And test have proven that they are one of the smartest animals going.  However, the idea of them "scoping out" a trap for several days and then sending in the lowest ranking member to test it sounds like somebody has been watching too many Disney movies.  A coyote can get trap wise at poorly made sets.  And they can pass that info on to their offspings. I can imagine that pigs can do the same thing but there's a limit to their reasoning.The Army and Marines could use some night ambush training with night vision devices and it would cost a whole lot less...How about it Governors ??

We should only have a government as smart as these pigs.

Ya know, these pigs actually breed faster than the ones in Washington....

All these pigs and they are outsmarting the hunters. Little Arnold Ziffle would be so proud of his clan. Fred insisted Arnold go to school and he learned at lot in Hootersville PS. Better than most kids today.

Hmm,.. bush meat.. yummmy.

I wanna be a gument hunter.

OH !  I thought the headline read "Federal" pigs.

Round them up and drop them off in Iran.

Don't waste the meat, people are starving in the middle east.

Two things have taken over East Texas. Fire ants and Feral pigs.An AR is definitely useful in this environment

So much bacon so little time

SO this is what it has become we are losing a battle for our land and our way of life to Porky Pig and his family????

There are several factors that affect this issue. Many hunters would really like to go pig hunting, but both the state and land owners want to make a profit from it. They impose bag and time limits, which turns off many hunters. Then you also have large tracts of land where there is NO hunting allowed, due to whatever reason. This will allow the pigs to keep multiplying. If the states would charge a fee of only $5-$10 and use that money to create a database of landowners willing to allow hunters, it would then start to put a dent in the population

Speaking of feral pigs, Pelosi better stay in California.

Do wolves not love bacon?

Don't worry. The EPA will team up with PETA to tell us that we can't legally kill them within a week or so.

Maybe they should inject them with this rare homosexual gene humans seem to have. That will wipe them out, but it will not be fun to watch.

why doesn't the government hire hunters to catch them and then process all the meat for the welfare folks instead of food stamps? 2 problems solved in one. cheaper than food stamps.

Another example of government spending money for a problem that would go away if they would get out of the way.Is it O K for the Government to take Out a U S feral pig with out due process? We have become so used to processed meat. What will Holder say?? Pigs have mothers too!

For cool video on YouTube check out Jager Pro outfitters out of Georgia.That's makin bacon.

Bait'em with a bunch of Muslims.

Don,t  feel bad dude .The pigs are smarter than the people running thic country too ...

Sounds like there is going to be a lot of Kalua pig going down in NM.

Instead of a Rattlesnake Roundup they could have a Porker Roundup.  You can even mix groundrattle snake with ground pork and you could call it "PIGGLY WIGGLY".

Again, the federal government to the rescue.We do not need the federal government to enter the states, in order to kill the wild pigs.What we need, is for the law, to permit commercial hunting, of wild pigs.Many years back, commercial hunting was allowed, the result was the extinction of many birds.This time, just permit commercial hunting, for specific animals.

you can live a long time on a hog.

I'm with the bounty school of thought, we made money as kids off the bounty for 'yotes from the sheep rancher association.

Good eating.Issue free hunting permits and they will thin out soon enough.If the good ol boys thinned out the Gators in Fla,, they can do it again with the best barbeque ever.They ain't that tough to hunt.New Mexico is a liberal state.  Next they will be trying to sell the Drone program as a means of controlling the pig population.

Just don't nobody have any respect for a pig anymore!

Some of the leanest, tastiest pork you will ever eat, seriously.

When they're done in NM, theres a job waiting for them in DC....

if having the increase of population is such a problem there are birth control to put into the feed so to limit the amount of the population, they've used the technique years ago which I was just recollecting although it does cause the pigs a problem when the humans need to use a gun or a trap.

Just give hunters free range for hogs only and get a boost to the local economy in motels and stores ect.  and it wouldnt cost a dime

The government hasn't been able to win the war on drugs or keep the borders secure but they think they can outsmart feral hogs.

today they claim its feral pigs, yesterday they've almost incinerated this nations wild horses, mustangs and burros, the buffalo, wolves, coyotes, and anything else that appears to be a threat for who and what.  the ranchers will always have a complaint won't they but where is it always okay to justify spending the monies and time to kill another animal.  obviously these pigs and by the way, pigs are quite intelligent,  have been foraging for how long suddenly its another problem, just don't buy what this Dept. of Wildlife or anyone else tells us any more, too many 'stories' that just appear as excuses to go on a hunt and satisfy the unrealistic demands of always believing you have some God given right to always 'control' some one or some thing.  nature has a way of balancing any problems when there are any, its not up to the good ole boys to always have a round up which by the way in some areas of our interference its we humans who have upset the ecological balance in many areas of our country and believe its why we are having such ridiculous imbalances with nature.  just saying and where then do the lives of these pigs go...where do their carcasses go, oh another NAFTA agreement with Mexico or China, how convenient.

people are hungry here in America and we are wasting money on killing pigs, just allow hunter out there and save the money.

Th,Th,Th, That's all folks!there goes  1 million out the door,  let the people shoot them and be done with it!

I'd bet if feral pigs could vote they'd be on a protected species list.

sounds like a great retirement job.

build a dunkin donuts store in their vicinity........the place will be over run with them.

Too bad we don't put this much effort into stopping illegal immigrants who cross the border under the cover of darkness...

Waste of money.....We already hunt them at night with light and lazers mounted on AR 15s and large mag clips.  Sounds to me like a bunch of money is soon to be lost.  All you need to do is get land owners to allow large groups on their property each night to drive them and shoot them.

True government problem management “make the problem worse”. It is simple you capture as many as you can, you let hunters take as many as they want without season limits, farmers and ranchers open up your lands for hunting and capture. Hunters must remember to be ethical and take what you kill, treat the property with respect. Food banks should work out deals with wild game processors to get the food to those who need it if the hunters donate it. With those you catch just take them over to Afghanistan, Iraq, Iran and the rest of the Middle East and let them go free, I am sure the Muslims will appreciate them. Two problems solved right there.

Maybe if we call them assault pigs the Democrats will ban them.

A brand new training exercise for Army Rangers and Navy Seals ...live action... live ammo   meat goes to shelters.F.Y.I. check online what wild boar(feral hog) sells for and weep.

if you cant get the mexicans out,how you gonna get the pigs out??????Send them all to the terrorists for a picnic.

them hogs are good eating

Trap'em, then let them loose inside the Beltway

They could spend a fraction of that cost and take out another bunch of feral pigs,,The US House and Senate,,and all the CEO's, CFO"s that get paid to do little or nothing.

Don't kill them! Round them up and ship them to Iran. Cost effective? Not at all, but boy the tv footage evening news would sure warmour hearts.

Drone them!!!!! Holder would be getting his rocks off on that...

I grew up on my granddads pig farm/swamp. Pigs are at least as intelligent as any animal alive, a certainly more so then the majority of America's voting public. Cunning, mean,capable of eating their own young if need be, and I have never seen them fall for the same trap twice. I have also seen a piglet, hand raised by myself until he was 12 months old, live in our fruit orchard for another year and go feral on us and end up killing sheep. Mean and viscious, smart, capable of thinking circles around the average American high school graduate.

feral pigs have learned to outsmart even the most seasoned huntersyet the photgrapher could take this picture

What do they do with the pig after they kill it?  Is the pork used for anything or just wasted?

Good give all the meat to the NEEDYLure them out with skateboards and pinwheels, then shoot them.  By the way, this is pretty good justification for a twenty round magazine on an AR-15.

Anything that keeps us in bacon has my full support.

The Pig Invasion is to be blamed on State Game Commissions , California has a real problem yet ,hunting pigs is regulated to the extend people's homes are searched and arrested for killing a pig out of season , In Fla Everglades there is an invasion of pigs and Python snakes , yet you are not allowed to hunt them unless is hunting season , then you have the farmers who have the problem and won't give you permission to go in their land to hunt them , a combination of hunting regulations and stupid people may cause a real big problem in teh near future , such as an Epidemic due to pigs.

Now here's a good use for the land drones that Israel uses to patrol their border. Set them loose in a confined area and program them to shoot pigs day and night. I will tell you that eating wild pig tastes so much better than store bought pig too.

the way they use to solve problems like this was. when you see one you kill it. if that happened today you could be fined, loose your gun, possibily even go to jail. hunters can solve this problem if allowed to do so.

Just let it get out there that the feral pigs tusks are good for you loin, make you manhood much big, and the Asians will have them on the endangered species list with the elephant, rhino and tiger in no time at all...

I Hunt pigs and have for decades.Good eating.The trick is:A powerfull set of binoculars so you can positively identify your target..225 parabellum rounds with an accurate scope with a 44. mag back up.If you use a desert eagle use federal rounds,, hot loads are most reliable.1/8 to 1/4 mile distance to target.They will eventually come after you. They have a brutal temper.They have a super sense of smell that is mistaken for being smart.Try and hunt down wind.Their smell is their best survival instinct for both hunting, eating and avoiding predators.Don't wear any deodorants or anti persperants and shower first without an anti deorderant soap.Don't wash your cloths in detergent with fragrances, and rinse them well and hang them out to dry for days.,Use thick, dishwashing type gloves and apron when ya dress the kill. Most important.

Bacon...Hmmmmmmmmmm

PETA will now hide among the feral pigs to make sure they are treated well and with respect.

Maybe we could use PETA as bait.send in the drones.

Okay, where do I sign up to be a "Government Hunter"??  I want me some of dat goverment cash.  Must I buy the bullets or does the goverment gimme some Obama bullets???

Nature is providing a viable food source.  Exploit it.  Believe it or not there are hungry people who would enjoy a nice pork roast!  Ever hear about deer hunters?  Believe it or not, the majority of the hunters do enjoy the meat.

And the funny part is California has them on the endangered list.Hey government, instead of spending money you don't have, let the people hunt them and feed the shelters ? That or put a bounty on 'em of $10.00 or $20.00 if you must spend money ?These SOBs are meaner than Mechelle Obama when the dog gets in her garden ! Keep away if you don't know what you're doing !  They'll get'cha !

Pigs is as pigs does.

I smell BACON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

im in upstate n.y no piggies here yet except democrates

Sounds like a bunch of illegal brood sows.

You see a nuisance.., I see breakfast lunch and dinner.

Ship them all to Afghanistan and Pakistan!im going to get one and name it William Feral pig...

An AR style rifle can prove effective against the pigs at 100-200yds, but with the terrains involved, long range rifles are the ticket. That somewhat eliminates the "high powered" 223.

put a bounty on them just like we should do to congress !

Govt. Bacon/Porkchops/Ribs, instead of foodstamps?

we are allowed to hunt them 365 days per year and 24/7, except during deer season when night hunting is restricted... here in cajun/rednedk country... and still, we got too many hogs.

Feral pigs will eat ANYTHING. Grains, meat, rotten meat, decaying corpses, fresh corpses.  Let's not put them in OUR food chain.Only use I can see would be  footballs.  Catching them and put them in a feed lot  is not an option either.

Kill what you want, but eat what you kill. I am a hunter and have killed many wild hogs, but I do not believe in killing any game animal that will not be eaten; that is a wasteful sacrifice of the animal's life. If nothing else, donate the meat to the homeless or indigent.

Spending millions to hunt pigs?  Now this is why our economy is in the crapper....not Social Security or Medicare!!!!  I think a few soldiers camped out with the proper ammo could solve this problem quicker and cheaper!

Every 3 pigs you get to see one illeglal brought back over the border no waiting,

If feral pigs were half as intelligent as this makes them out to be none of them would ever get shot or trapped. It is simply a numbers game...they reproduce faster than they can be killed. A sow will have more piglets at one birth than a doe will have fawns in a lifetime.even ''these'' pigs are smarter than obama.

The hunt should start in D.C. then work its way out.

Pigs can drive. The Geico Insurance commercial proves it.

Get Honey Boo Boo's fat pig mom to infiltrate the pigs inner circle to learn their secrets. Problem solved.

What they do not want to point out is that the look alike assault rifles are the weapon of choice for pig hunters.  A lot of shots taken are running shots as the pigs are running away.  Of course that would not go along with their lies of these weapons having no useful purpose!

IF they are going to kill them, why try to trap them first? It would be a lot less expensive just to shoot them. Put a bounty on them, give hunters a tax incentive to buy night vision equipment and donate the meat to the various food banks.

Put a pig on every airliner as a mascott.  This would prevent a lot of problems.

These pigs are smarter than one's in captivity because they have to think to survive? That is why the human race is getting dumber going to school forever, they don't have to think, someone tells them what to do for  most part of life like Zombies until they get in real world and don't know how to do anything?

Open season, no tags, no limit,  Bounty of $40 a Pig.  Pig drives every two months involving hundreds of men, and Dogs with Police Aircraft on a miles wide front.  Big prize for the largest Pig, the most kills, and the most total weight.   Permit Night hunting with night scopes.  Build large devergence traps to drive then into a Box Canyon, or Gully.  Use the National Guard Troops for field, and live fire practice,  and get Obama to release some of the Million of Rounds of Ammo he is stock piling, and keeping off the market.

How do they differ from Federal hogs?No use for a standard 30 round magazine there, eh?

Clean out the pigs in the W.H. first.

What this report didn't say is they are hard to kill, unless you really got a big rifle.Some of the true wild ones has an armor plate or skin so thick it acts like a armor shield, and if your on the ground, you had better make a kill shot, because he will come after you.No hollow point bullets,They are night feeders any way, they feed while it's cool and lay up during the day,here in Georgia we use dogs with armor guards to hunt them in the day time,they will kill a dog unless the dog is protected,But the wild hogs are smart, when under attack from dogs they back into a circle with the small one's in the middle..We have a pig we caught when she was probally 2 months old , it is now tame,we run it with our goats to protect them, (this pig thinks it's a goat) you should see this pig with the goats,I thought it was going to cause problems when it tore out of the pen and got with the goats, but it being so young, it just settled down and feeds with them.She is the first at the feed trough every day...so far so good, My old billy goat showed her who was the boss and he still rules for now, she is probally 150 lbs now we are still leary about her,as long as the feed keeps coming I think she will be ok...When we caught her she was probally 6 inches high, she is now about 2 foot tall....and butter ball fat................

When they figure this one out maybe they can figure out how to close the border and have another roundup.

watch out for peta!!!

These dan g illegals always doing damage, steal your idenity, harm your propery, drug and l your kids and goverment wants to waste money on a study instead of evicting these terrists. Yes terminate these illeagals who ruin our country and send them back to where they came from. What are we paying our leaders for??????????

Where's Al Sharpton? Jesse Jackson? The ALCU?

You say Feral Pig and I say BBQ

they are smarter than the pigs running this country too..

Venison used to be the meat of choice at a "Wild Game Cook-Off" . Now, pork has pretty much taken its place.So they're going to " take them out " ,eh ? Sounds quite decisive and manly but it's a waste of time to say it ....although in these days of budget tension it probably plays better than to tell taxpayers " we're going to spend a million dollars of your money to study these hogs and TRY to get an idea of how big the problem really is " . What they'll end up doing is the same thing Texas and Florida do ....authorize wildlife officers to trap and kill ....let hunters have a season and then just try to educate people in urban areas about strategies for " discouraging " the hogs . They're a pain in the neck but are actually quite tasty when trapped and then fattened on pig chow , corn and table scraps .

Sounds like another Pork Project to me

Makin' bacon

What did Muslims ever do to us?    Oh!.... yeah.......

AQ friend gave us some a chunk of wild boar and advised us to make pulled pork. We did, and it was the bst bbq we have ever had!

Spending your tax dollars instead of inviting hunters to harvest them for free.This goverment sucks!!!!!!

what becomes of the meat and other usable by-products of carcasses?

Yep, save a lot of money, 200.00 a head. Your pig problem solved. A million dollars? No way

Where I live the government has had hog kill offs (on government land). I wanted to get in on the hunt until I learned about the rules.....must have a current hunting license, pass a safety course, pay a entry fee, dispose of every pig you kill (haul it off), pay for each pig you kill &amp;  I'm forgetting a couple more of their rules......so I did not do it. All I wanted was to blast a few pigs to cut down their population......but nnoooooo,  typical government #$%$.

feral pigs have been hunted in texas day or night year around since in can remember.  i think eradication is probably impossible. we have millions of pigs reproducing twice a year producing litters of ten to fifteen piglets. they are very smart and dangerous to hunt. i have built a large trap an can catch five or more at a time but they just keep showing up in larger numbers. the pig problem will likley be with us for a long time.Need an AR15 rifle or Remington bolt action with a sound suppressor. That would provide hours of fun.

The pigs must organize if they are to win this war.

Another obama's illegal enemy to destroy the legals.

I have a solution so send me the million. Put a year round open season on them. Then give the meat to homeless shelters around the country. But if we leave it to OBOZO all of us will be hunting them down for meat. Then it wont take long to be rid of em.

Do this animals qualify as 100% organic pork meat?If so, is carnitas time baby!!!

I know a lot of people who would love to hunt them if it were less expensive for licensing and so forth, and now there are anti-gun morons out there making it even worse.

According to the state of Michigan, those are not feral hogs because they are the wrong color and they are not penned up in a farmer's lot. In Michigan, if you are a farmer, and you own pigs of a certain color (according to Michigan, it is the color that makes them "feral"), even if they are securely penned up, they are "feral," and you are ordered to kill them all. If you don't, the state will send out an execution team to do the job, and you will end up in jail and heavily fined. It doesn't matter that the word feral means they are running wild.

You should also close the season and declare a bag limit of two.

Job security, federal and state employees have been tasked to study them. LOL yea right, here is how it will go, Clem there is another one on the pig cam, yep, he could be the hoss, lets come back tomorrow and watch for him again. Jimmy, why dont we shoot them? Naw, son we got a cool million to rest on for a year before we got to start actually shooting them. You and me will be long retired when they get this under control. Kinda like the war on drugs.... you know...

Just tell all the illegal aliens they taste like tacos.the answer:  Import pythons from Florida......

I just paid six and a half bucks for a small pack of center cut bacon,.Where's a rich guy with a business idea when you need one?!...

OK gun grabbers.  How do you want to deal with the wild pig problem?

Pigs are very smart they are in the top five of the animal world,and instead of killing them use the money to train them to hunt and eat the Illegals crossing the us boarder.

Just getting the state to allow shooting them is a grand headache. Better not get caught shooting one without the proper paperwork or in the right season.

Bounties with minimum restrictions on the method or weapons used would help.  Make it legal to spot-light at night if it isn't already legal in that State.  Let our Military have some target practice...rumor has it that it is hard to distinguish a feral hog vs. muslim terrorist!Happy Hunting!!

there's goona be a beacon surplus shortly

Let people hunt them with good dogs. The dogs will cut one out and corner it. Once cornered you need 2 people to rope it and cage it. With a 3rd person standing close with a shotgun to shot whoever the pig gets down. Should that happen.  Once caged take home pen and feed for 2 weeks. Then have a pig picking at your place. With summer comeing up you could cut there number in 1/2.  If they are not fed for 2 weeks they are unfit to eat.   Great sport pig getting and a pig picking.

Texas has 2.6 Million pigs and they can't find them???  They should be leaving a path that a blind man could follow.  In Michigan it's shoot them on sight anytime anywhere.

put a bounty on them, no hunting license, no limit..."I've watched him on the trail cameras," Jones said. "He's got some age on him and he's very educated. He has probably had everything in the book thrown at him." Ridiculous!NOTHING on this planet can anticipate a .50 Cal bullet traveling 1200+ yards to it's target. "From a place you will never see, comes a sound you will never hear"

There are chemical componds that will make the pigs infertile, put it some in bait, and wait until they eat it. Since it won`t kill them the others will trust it.Then hunt down the herd and it will not matter if some get away, they won`t keep expanding.

I hunted wild pigs in Arkansas 4 years ago. Bolt action Remington 700 SPS Camo in .308 cal. Aquila night vision 6x scope, FLIR Patriot mono hand held thermal imagine camera. Nothing quite like well prepared roast hog.

Don't kill all of them, unleash a few of the big ones in Florida and see if it solves the non-native snake problem.

Open season, bounty on the tusks, and recipes for pulled pork sandwiches. The problem will shift from having too many feral pigs, to not having enough!

IF we could get them to take out the feral deer who do MUCH more damage to crops and vehicles/drivers, it would be even better yet.

Use helocopters, are you kidding me.  Do you have any thought on how much it take to keep one flying, hundreds to thousands of dollars an hour.How about this idea, continue hunting/trapping, I even like the idea of trapping one and then release it after you put a homing signal on it.I think I have a better plan to go along with the others.  I'm sure there are drugs that will make the hogs where thay can't have any more piglets.  Not only birth control, but a drug that will chemically neuter the males without hurting them.  Mix the drugs with food and bait them.  It's not a overnite solution, but in the long run it will help keep the population down while the others are hunted and trapped.

Send them to Iran!!!

Amazing:  Our government makes more and more laws against hunting.  It is attempting to take our guns away.  Our government gives vouchers for food so people can eat.  Why not give vouchers for rifles and ammo.  Take away the hunting regulations and tell the hungry to go get yourself some food.  Instead here is the start of what is going to be a self promoting, never ending pig problem.  More and more government workers that one day will out number the pigs.

Woooohooo!! Where do I sign up for hog hunting? Feral hogs are tasty on a Texas mesquite smoked pit!!I believe in animal rights.  After experiencing a severe feral hog problem in my neighborhood a few years ago, I believe that feral hogs have the "right to die!'

Almost as bad as feral Democrats loose in America

More "McRIB" sandwiches.

Seems a simple solution.Supply hunters with assult riffles,30 round clips, ammunition, and night scopes.From what I read all the legal gun owners in the us are crazy for assult riffles and huge clips, and as soon as they get they go kill everything.

Sic the Nug on em.

Put a Honey boo boo doll in your field.  No more pigs, however Michael Moore keeps trying to mate with the doll, go figure.

Helicopter night gunnery practice.

Why not encourage hunting instead of demonizing it?I can't believe that we're allegedly driving species to extinction, but then can't handle this.Looks like a chance for gov't to spend $1M.  True pork barrel politics.

Ever wonder why a civilian would ever need an AR-15 with a 30 round magazine?

we are a group of seasoned hunters, and hogs have not outsmarted us.  In central CA just go to a vineyard or golf course and ask permission to hunt after hours or at night, and the poop hits the fan.  How can we be so cruel.  sow and reap.  You don't want the pigs killed, then live with the consequences.  We've been turned down hundreds of times.Allow night hunting with night vision equipment

One million dollars to hunt pigs? What exactly will they be spending this money on?

Meanwhile CA is charging $5/tag for the right to rid the state of these beasts.  CA, so progressive, increasing gun crime through gun control and increasing invasive species through wild life control.  No wonder CA is so far ahead of everyone else, they are going in the wrong direction!

you tube pig hunt

Feed them to people on welfare.  They eat #$%$ food anyway.  Or better yet, ship them to Iran, i hear Muslims love Pig.

Great, and we a re banning guns, lol

This little piggy went to market. This little piggy stayed home. This little piggy got shot in the head, so he will never roam. And this little piggy cried, "Wee, wee, wee" all the way to the slaughterhouse.

There pigs have to be somewhere during the daytime.  After they party all night, they must retreat to some type of porcine crash pad.  What's needed is an innovator who figures out how to find them and hunt them during daylight.  Also, a $25-a-head bounty would add a little extra incentive, what with high-caliber rifle ammo running around $1 a round these days.  Historically speaking, bounties have generally proven more effective than government programs.

Using the cover of darkness, the feral \/\/ets have learned to outsmart the most seasoned ICE agents, harassing natives, and turning public parks, and (former) nice neighborhood's into filth infested S_holes. These invasive filthy animals, have made themselves at home, across More than 3/4 of this once great nation, and are responsible for Billions in damages each year.Having already taken over Texas, California, Arizona and New Mexico, and expanding their numbers in other states. this marks the first time the US DHS and States have teamed up to develop plans for getting rid of these parasites. "We're trying to get ahead of the curve with this, to prevent further damage by these parasitic deadbeats, said the state official. Because if the trap Isn't built well enough, this filth Will find a way around, over or through into this once Great country, either  by climbing over each other, or squeezing under the fence.Their ability to breed like rabbits (year round) is what has enabled these POS to evade deportation (due to lax US laws, ball-less politicians,  and anchor babies)

Free all you can carry bacon, make it an event, pigs will be gone in a couple of weeks.Has anyone seen the price of bacon these days?  Come on!  Sell people a license to $10 to hunt as many pigs as they can fit in my truck year round and I'll guarantee the population will go down dramatically and the state will make money in the process.  Use bear traps if you have to!

Why not recruit all the muslims in Dearborn, MI to come south and let them handle the situation?

New Mexico is willing to bet $1 million in federal money?  Is I always say, it's easy to spend someone else's money.  This is simply one more Liberal plan to urinate away money.  If the problem is bad enough, then New Mexico will find a way to fund the $1 to handle the project.  If those who run the project are successul, they will be in great demand in other areas of "pig killing need".Get out of the way federal government!

The Feds choose to get rid of pigs, but fail to get rid of illegals. The pigs cost the feds 1.5 billion, but the illegals cost how much?

Get ol poopy pants ted nugent  back in the air in his helo.

eat more pork.... the other white meat.

We can have the worlds largest bar b que

Feral Pigs ?Oh, Ok....for a minute I thought we were talking about the "Pigs" in Washington.....

We need to round up those pigs onto Air Force One and drop them into Muslim countries along the middle east.....

For the love of all things pure and good! These college educated morons are out to eradicate pigs with all the high tech equipment money can buy.My family has been trapping hogs for years and have never had problems with our homemade traps. We kill all that we can. It would make it a whole lot easier if we had automatic rifles instead of semi-autos.A simple bounty $50 on each pig would solve the problem. Just like a $500 bounty on illegal aliens paid at the border would solve that problem. It would also put Americans back to work. You would need someone in the White House wanting to solve problems not create them. What is the Obama crisis for this week?

Allow them to be hunted all year long with no limits and maybe throw in a few bounty dollars for each one killed; also have a special wild pig only hunting license for only a couple of dollars.

Sausage biscuits anyone?

Just allow hunters to kill them all year around and reduce the license fee.  Allow the hunters to sell the meat.  Don't waste money that we do not have by shooting them down in a helicopter.

I say send them to the Middle East!

Bacon gone WILD.

and the anti gun nuts complained when ted nugent shot them from a helicopter and donated the meat.

And please ad feral and loose house cats to this project. They reek more devastation on native species than any other animal. (except Man).

Just wait 4 more years. Once Obama has replaced Christianity with Islam pork will be illegal and all the swine in North America will be slaughtered for good. And when I say swine I mean the pigs, not the Liberals. Don't worry, honest mistake.

Sounds like about the same thing that is happening in Washington DC,  Can't seem to get that mess cleaned up, I see we have a Judas pig there!I'll bet I could put a dent in that population with a lot less money, $100,000, and 100 hillbillies.

George Orwell put pigs on top when he wrote Animal Farm. But it shows to go ya, we introduced pigs for food and sport. And we still introduce invasive species into this country and turn them loose. Some species never learn. Sounds like a Texas size problem to me. Maybe we ought to ask the pigs how to solve the problem.

WHERE ARE THE ANTI'S NOW ????  PIGS AREN'T CUTE AND CUDDLY LIKE BAMBI.

Talk about "Pork" Projects.............

Let loose the Cracken!!-oops! I mean the AR-15-they can do the dirty work. Probably cost less than 1 million.

Those are some spendy RIBS!!

Pigs are smart, no risk. But a 270w from a loooong way down wind gets them every time. Smell is what they got, eyesight is poor.

Justification for AR 15's and machine guns!

Well, now you're done. Shouldn't have put this in here. One of 'em gonna read it and they'll adjust accordingly. Nice try.

The tree-huggers will be up in arms over this ;-)I always thought that pigs were smarter than politicians!

Change a few words in this story, and you have one on DC and illegal iimmigrants.

put a bounty on the critters,open full season on them problem partially solved

No, there gonna wipe out the Rattle Snakes:(

PETA or some other do gooders will now want to join the fray and start releasing the feral pigs from their traps or annoying and harassing the hunters and wildlife managers, worst case scenario is the ACLU gets involved and claims a violation of animal rights under some obscure agriculture or conservation law that no one ever heard of, supported by the far far out animal rights wackos

WHEN I lived in Mobile, Alabama in 1965, Hog hunting was great sport on river islands. Once had a fellow hunter treed by a hog, he hung up in a small tree until drivers shot hog.

That description of what feral pigs do sort of paralells the look of most inner-cities.

Shoooooot 'em!

A similar program could be developed for illegal immigrant control!!!  A big plus and bonus would be NO CHANCE for repeat offenders once the program is in force-- NATION WIDE !

I thought Texas wanted cecede from the USA, New Mexico wants Federal Aid?  I thought they were dead set against any Federal intervention.  Strange how they pick and choose.  I would certainly think that there should not be any Federal aid when its not wanted.Whose idea was it to publish this article?  Now all the pigs know our plan. Thanks a lot, AP.

have an open season year round with no license for anyone with no limit and the rest is bye bye piggie...

Throw another feral pig on the barbie.

Time to figure out how to eradicate an uglier, far less intelligent species that is the scourge of the entire U.S. The feral politician.

I think feral pigs is a synonym for the U.S. Congress.

How about open season year around AND the feds pay for the processing if the meat is donated to a non-profit?

If the government would have open season on them hunters would keep them under control. I have a neafew that hunts them and eats them. Think of all the homeless people and poor people that this pork could feed. Bacon and ham and pork tenderloins free for the taking. Hunters get out there and kill some of therm and donate the meat to a local homeless shelter. It is done here with deer every year.

Yes, their meat is as good as what you buy at the store.  Never bothered to dress out the Males, too many glands that can accidently spoil the meat.

round them up and ship them to the middle east......

Feral pigs must be relatives of politicians,Great point. If they do away with out of state hunting licenses they could start a whole new hunting/tourism industry.  Also an excellent point of using them to train our military guys in nightfighting with live ammo as long as they don't get gored.

I can't beleave some of these people on here they don't realize that these pigs are killing the native wild lifes food supply and even eating nest of native birds. Ferral hogs are not native to texas or new mexico they were introduced mainly by hunting resorts. They are even starting to come into the cities and don't think they won't attack a human ether or mainly a small child. And sterilizing the boars won't stop them there is not way you can catch all of them and one sow will have at least 5 piglets in each brude.

Dump the blood on Muslims....muslims will disolve

Bacteria, we fight it, it learns how to live. Pigs are smart, they do the same. What would you do?I, personally, have been surprised at how we have digressed as a species.

New Reality Show -- BBQ Wild Style !  Just put out a lot of Dewormer before killing them hogs are some wormy animals.

.... he looks like seaman Hornsby!

Have a big pork chop and spare rib barbeque for all the illegal immigrants.  BYOP

Put up a sign that says all pigs must kiss pelosi with her picture and watch them leave.

stop giving out food stamps feral pigs gone in a month

Don't waste your money. If you think pigs are going to be a problem, they already are.Open pig hunting season all year, no limit. A small bounty for dead or alive. Meat can be used to feed the homeless and other outreach projects. There are not enough government employees in New Mexico to put a dent in these animals. Every one you see this year is 8 more you will have next year, and the females can breed as young as 7 months.Good luck, you will need it.So feral pigs have learned to outsmart seasoned hunters, but a "small army" of trained federal hunters is going to take them down. This should be funny!If the feds are going to put armed people in New Mexico, have them do something useful....like border patrol!

This would almost be funny if the problem wasn't so serious.  When whitetail deer were determined to be a problem where I live, they came up with a program they called "Bait and Shoot" where police officers went into local parks at night with all kinds of night vision scopes and hardware.  At the end of the program it was found that the cost per deer was about 7,000 dollars when they factored everything into it.  Bow hunters would have PAID for  the opportunity to thin the herd, had more success, and eaten the meat instead of throwing it away.

They should gather up a lot of them and take to the border. Those things can get mean as hell when they get hungry. They will eat anything that gets in their way,and leave no evidence.

Let Biden kill them with his double barrel shotgun.

they are viewed as food.ok .you dont want to wipe them out .people do hunt and eat them

"Rarely seen during the day, ..."You are showing me a picture of about 20 of the suckers hanging out in broad daylight!

About feral hogs, I was watching a show about California game wardens and they were arresting people for shooting wild hogs,  how dumb is that?

How about just shipping them to the Middle East?

Can't help but think of "ANIMAL FARM" AND OBAMA SUPPORTERS.

In this Obama Recession, feral pig meat has kept many an Okie well fedany animal that turns trash into pork is a-ok with me.

If you have a lot of pigs running around the muzzloids will think twice about building a mosque near your house....I'd rather hear pigs squeal than that annoying call to prayer......

Wow, this is worse than the illegals coming across the border.

here where I live there are areas overrun with deer ,so what does the idiots do the gov. hired shooters to come in and paid them #100.00 a pop to shoot the deer .dahhhhhhhh .I said why don`t you let bowman come and hunt them for $ 50.00 bucks a deer they could have made $ 3.000.00 for the city ,no it`s better to throw  $6.000.00 out the window ,well I guess when it`s not your mney what the diff.......

A smart feral pig... reminds me of a girl I used to run with!

Pay a $100 bounty on every pig head and let the shooter keep the meat!

A rifle, infrared scope and some bullets.  People will line up to guard your farm at night with a sniper rifle and all you have to do it let them keep the pig.  To many farmers here want to charge you a pretty penny to hunt hogs on their land, and you are legally allowed to hunt them all year long with no limitations.

Bet NO mooslum idiots live in that area.

wild veal ham is delicious

I live in Texas and these wild hog keep my yard bull dozed. They can turn my yard upside down in one night. They are like ghosts.Feral pigs and government programs, just another day in the bureaucracy

Why waste tax payer money to get rid of them. Just set the Asians loose on those suckers. They'll wipe them out in no time. They'll eat anything that fly's, swims, climbs or crawls!Moo Shu pork!!!

If they are that smart let's elect them to congress, maybe they could get us out of the mess we are in.

How about letting hunter kill as many pigs as they want. Give them night scopes andlet them free. The meat if you can eat it be given to those who need it.

Are the Pigs here legally?  Seems like they are rampant on our Border States.

If they were cute like deer or bunnies no one would be calling this a problem.  My city has a huge bunny problem (they killed off all the natural predators so now the bunnies run rampant) and every time someone tries to solve it, it is shot down because they are bunnies.

I can see a new reality show in the future. "Pig Wars"

we got a problem with crooked pigs in cook county illinois

put a nickle bounty on em and turn the can and bottle people loose

I thought this was about the Kardasians and a new $1M reality TV projectThier only redeaming quality is that they are very lean and tastey.

How long before the democrats give them the right to vote?

oh.....I thought the headline read "$1M pilot projects aims to take out FEDERAL pigs"...and we would rid of Pelosi and Reid....

So exterminate the intelligent feral pigs and save the extremely deadly Indian tarantulas...

Looks like another job for drones.

Please do tell me they're used for meat after they are shot, RIGHT? And seems like this would be a great opportunity for the NRA to show their stuff, demonstrating why it's essential that we have hunters in America.

They were hunting them from helicopters around here a few years ago but haven't seen or heard about any since then. They are mean, smart and mean looking.

Country's National Debt....Jobs....and what are they worried about ...pigs

The secret is to find these pigs during the day.  Surely they can't hide that easily.  Also dogs are the only way to go.

The Blacks in Chicago cause more damage than the wild pigs so why not send a team of sharpshooters over here help clean this mess.Put obmas drones to good use for a change. hunt em down at night and CHOOT EM. CHOOT EM.

One word answer: Drones!

Wonderful!  Open season for liberal Democrats!

It's going to be mighty hard to hunt down and shoot the feral pigs when the government has taken away all our guns!

Taking out these pigs, is kind of how futile it is to get rid of the welfare, and immagration welfare types, you can try all you want, but you just can't get rid of them, they keep reproducing

I find that a larrge capacity smoker and a gallong of homemade cue sauce is the best way to take care of  'em.

I didn't know that Moochie Obamma spent time in New Mexico---

feed them to the people on food stamps...........

good trained pack of dogs and hunt them everyday of the week until the problems gone and take the meat and give it to homeless shelters .

Hunters would hunt them for free, but you have everyone wanting to make big bucks by charging a hunter a fortune to hunt them.Open season on American sausage.

Don't call them Illegal Aliens, they have rights, too!

This is a 1/4 wits,money scam! How stupid!!! Make them open season, its the best and most cost efficient way! No amount of money you plan to embezzle from, in some #$%$ wast of money program,will change the fact that they need hunted and killed or even darted and rounded up to eat or whatever,,they still need hunted down to be gotten rid of!!  No one can do this job better then hunters,or for less - give them ammo for a bounty and a 1000.00 reward to the hunter who gets the highest number! Give hunters a handout on the pigs,,you cannot make hunters as good as real hunters! Your only creating a tax sink hole with fools in uniform! We have Troops all over the World and vets back all over the US, but you fools ARE DEFEATED BY PIGS?

Use a AR15 IT WOULD BE A GREAT WEAPON ON THEM

tell the chinese that these are endangered and that their tusks will cure their limp weenee epidemic.  they'll have these wiped out in no time.

Instead of killing the porkers, why not begin a campaign of using hunters to trap them and then with the same funding means airlift them out to the hills of Afghanistan/Pakistan and drop them using schutes and you would have accomplished in eradicating two foes....The Feral Porkers and the elusive worms of the earth.....The Taliban and other Islamist terrorist roaming those mountains. You would also keep PETA at bay avoiding mass demonstrations from them charging the government with animal cruelty. We all know the fear these worms of the earth Muslim Taliban and Islamist terrorist have of PIGS.

And where is the million dollars coming from to fight a never ending battle to get rid of them?

wonder what animal activist are saying?Would PETA have save the pig marches?Get out and sabotage efforts to kill them like the whale war activist?Even though the pigs are destroying everything?Kinda puts the activist in a spot

Taking a good look at our "best and brightest" we send to Washington....my bet is the pigs will win.

After thinking about it -  NOOOOOOOOO - LEAVE the government OUT of this. If you think the pigs are growing now and out of control - You haven't seen NOTHING yet. Just look at how they are trying to control the deficit and at how they are handling it! The numbers go EVERY which way, but the right way.In summary, animals are smarter than human.

I'd donate to any program devoted to removing the federal pigs.  Oh, wait.  It says "feral".  Never mind.

OMG!  The middle part of this story was awesome, "Judas pig"  lol

Put the illegals to work catching them pay them 2.00 a hog and they can feed their kids the meat

Unfortunately just another example of man bringing in something that will get way out of hand. Send the national guard out with night vision goggles and start shooting and donating the meat.

could they come up with a project that could do the same for politicans?

What do the pigs think of this project? Their input is needed. "Bdee, Bdee, Bdee, thats all folks"

Humans are on the menu also.

HeII, just put up a bounty on each one of the invasive nuisances that's caught or killed! You could even put it up for the feral pigs, too!

We are not that smart.  We put in print how to deal with them, and the smart pigs are probobly reading the same article !Train the pigs to eat liberals and patrol the ghetos.

pig eaters provide big business for heart surgeonsand gyms

i wonder how the pigs didnt make it on the Fish and Wildlife endangered species listwith the rats, owls and wolf

I worked on a contract at USDA.  I was shocked to learn that they actually paid hunters to kill feral pigs in federal parks.

will PETA protest soon?

Just let all the blacks shoot em and have a giant bar b q party! FO FREEEEE! LOL

simple solution, open season! see one, shoot one and stock the freezer with bacon

what the hell they talking about cameras &amp; traps ? just hunt them

The number of dead pigs found in a river running through China's commercial hub Shanghai has reached more than 13,000, state media said ..everyone has pig problems.

Government wants to spend 1 million on this. This the difference with a free market. in a free market you have competiition and only pay for success...500.00 to 1000.00 a pig bounty consider it done, I knew a few that would kill them, skin them out cut them up pakage them in freezer paper and deliver for that price....lolAnother illegal immigrant costing the US billions!

This is a job creation situation and no body sees it. Get a couple dozen rednecks with rifles, a couple of smokers, a couple pallets of beer and a refrigerator truck. They kill the pigs, toss em in the truck and sell the meat to BBQ joints all over. The smoker and beer just keep em hunting longer. The money earned for pork sales is used to replace broken windows, lawn statues and other missed shots.

make sure you only bring a six shooter the liberals see no need for large magazines or assault rifles to protect crops for pigs but #$%$ can buy as many six shooter as they want

Why don't they issue wild boar tags? California lets you hunt pig.

This just in - The Obama administration has announced legislation that will not only protect feral pigs but give them voting rights, a welfare card and one free Obamaphone per family.  The Democrats, confident of feral pig support, are looking forward to the 2014 midterm elections.

How could 5 million pigs cost the US more than 11 million illegal aliens?  Do they reeceived enhanced medical care, free housing, and a larger amount of food stamps?  Do they work, without paying taxes?

Another great example of how the government can take an enterprise that could actually be PROFITABLE, and make it cost taxpayers money.I'd pay for a good hog hunt, as would many.  We would supply the guns and ammo, and you provide the land and the pigs.  Win - win.As for the land commissioner who thinks the pigs are smarter than him....well, he might be right if it takes him $1m to take out some feral hogs.

I thought it said take out federal pigs.

Those federal pigs are out of control.

The difference between feral pigs and Federal Pigs are that one type are arrogant swine in a tax funded trough, the others are wild four legged animals that learned to feed themselves.TV pilot project aims to take out feral pigs.It will be called taking out the Kardashians.

I watched it happen on Tejon ranch in california ............ one year you see a couple of pigs ..the next year you see a group of 10 or 15  ......... the next year it's a herd of 40 to 50 ........and after that you don't see any , because with the first year of hunting them they avoid men like the plague ...............   they do destroy deer hunting ...............

Put out food w/a chemical that causes sterility?

Why not get out the dogs and guns like they use to do?

the way the big money guys are doing things we'll be glad there are so many real soon.

"Hitting the pigs quickly will prevent them from becoming more educated." That's a lesson that can be applied to lots of things.

How about the ILLEGAL Mexican swine that are destroying our economy and multiplying like cockroaches like their 4 legged cousin the pig.

Could you imagen the influx of tourest dollars with a bounty program in place!

ITS  BACONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!

bacon,sausage,my favorite,let me and many others get a bounty of $50 per hog and they will be gone and we will fix the economy at the same time...feral hogs=ILLEGALS.....an AR-15 scoped properly is a good weapon for shooting hogs.

So, the feds are going to spend $1 million, where Texas spends $7 million? How do they think $1 mil is going to effect anything?

Something is wrong with this picture: you have 1 million tourists looking for adventure, millions of New Mexicans with guns, plus dozens of indian reservations, and trillions of pork chops and ham on the hoof, and nobody is dragging them home?

If you pay a bounty, people will hunt them for living.

A black guy once told me,ni//ers eat everything on a hog,except the squeal .

Reproducing and spreading everywhere they're not wanted....so like blacks only smarter........

Drop a boat load of them in Iraq.... and Pak..... see what they do.

Sounds like other illegals they have down there... just saying...

Hmmmm! bacon.

Dude get another water controller on the cattle water tanks to comes on every 3 hours for 20 min that will keep the tank full and cattle watered.I can't believe people shoot them and leave them laying.  They're better eating than deer, really, and contrary to popular perception, the bigger ones are best eating (more marbled).

I have an idea the Agriculture Department can try. How about issueing a $25 federal tax deduction receipt for every wild pig brought into a DNR hunting check station. Most counties have several of these stations.This would accomplish several things immediately. 1st it would get more hunters actively involved in culling the animals. 2nd by issueing tax deduction receipts as a bounty on ferral pigs, it will also provide much needed hard data by allowing the government to track numbers of pigs killed in an area, and help them focus resources in areas where they are needed most.Of course many people wont like this because the most popular weapons used to hunt ferral pigs are semi automatic "assault" rifles. I have lots of friends back home in SW Oklahoma that go out on regular pig hunts and their weapons of choice are AK-47's, SKS's, AR-15's chambered in 6.5 Grendal, 6.8SPC, or the .300 Blackout cartridges, or AR-10's in .308.Here's the thing though, normal hunters can't hunt them enough because it costs so much in firearms, equipment, and ammunition to do it often enough to make a dent in the pig population. Make it so hunters can make some money off it, or at least deffer the costs with their tax rebates, and you'll end up with more hunters actively culling the population and keeping the numbers down to more manageable levels.I know I have been invited to go out to Oklahoma and Texas by friends for pig hunts often enough, but I live in Virginia and it costs me allot of money to go back home just for a hunt. Make it so I can at least cover the costs of my gas for the trips out an back by deducting my pig kills at $25 a pig, and I'd go back at least once or twice a year considering I could kill 4-6 pigs a night for a week, that pays my gas out and back come tax time.

Simply send in the national guard and walk and shoot their way across the state.

Speaking from Texas, this article needed pictures on what they can do to a lawn, golf course, farmers field in a night. Destruction is not the word. As some have stated, they can be very, very dangerous. We were night time hunting a few years back  and across a 200 plus boar. He was so smart as to turn his dark body out the field of light. He stopped about 3 yards into a thicket. He came out full blast and clipped one of the guys in the party. He was dazed up for a minute or two. So be warned new hog hunters. These things are VERY FAST, mean and smart. If you don't know you are doing, you can find yourself seriously hurt or killed. Also to note. NEVER aim at the head on the bigger boars. They have a plate that's pretty thick that hardens over years. 30-30 San Antonio

I didn't have My glasses and Thought the Headline Read Federal Pigs. My First Thought Was that is the Best Idea Anyone Has Ever Came Up with But it would take More then a Million Dollars to Rid Our County of the Pigs that Run Congress that includes Both Parties

Our tax dollars hard at work. It's amazing what some people will look to a government to accomplish.

Planet of the pigs.  When do they storm the Whitehouse and Senate.

Don't let Janet Nepalitano (DHS) try to solve the problem

Apparently, there is a HUGE explosion of pig populations worldwide. As far as I can tell from the reports I have seen no one has much of a clue why.

It's a shame they can't feed them to the illegals. Muslems say they don't eat pork. Feed them pork.They may leave. I know,wishful thinking. They do eat pork,if no one is watching.It would be easy to get rid of if they really wanted to, Open Season, year around, No Limits, No Hunting License needed, put a Bounty on them, these are just a few suggestions that would work!

I got two Deer last year but no Pig, makes me hungry just looking at the picture.

Free pigs for hunters, no licenses, etc.,  the Feds can save another Million they can't afford to spend.

loves me some hog

It's easier to get rid of zombies than it is to get rid of feral pigs.

Seriously kill them and butcher them.

Can you say BACON

Nancy Pelosi and Dianne Feinstein better lookout!

I've eaten some wild sow before and it was a little gamey, but people tell me if you use a vinegar mop-sauce it cuts the strong taste.  It's crazy to me that we have 1) hungry children in the U.S.  and 2) destructive, feral pigs.   Turn that problem into an opportunity.

Maybe they can send those Florida pythons to Texas.Problem solved!Publish a good recipe, and pay a bounty on tails.

If Obama has it his way, we'll have to use BB guns to hunt  with and that ain't gonna work too well!

With out a doubt the liberals will want to save Porky.  Killing them with violent guns will be too extreme,. They will want them captured and release somewhere safe. Shoot them and give the meat to Prisons or the poor. I have eaten them,  their good.

I thought they were talking about politicians...

Import about 100 Cajuns from Louisiana, giving them hunting permits, tell them there is no limit as long as they use them hogs to make andouille and ship half of it back to Louisiana.

Just put a bounty on the pigs that makes it worth hunting them . Say $10 a head or more. The people with no jobs could cull the heards and make some more. They could also get some food.    tom b.

I don't feel sorry for a lot of the land owners...  Chances are, if you asked them if you could the hogs on their land, they'd say no... Got no sympathy for you then...

Didn't have that problem in the days of " Old Yeller "

If it wouldn't cost an arm and a leg to hunt out of state I would help out.

Build a da*n fence!The Kardashians ,Beyoncé and others frolic on the green with the real housewives of Hollywood.

From where the photo was taken I could easily get 5 or 6 of them with an AR-15 before they run off. Hey! With a Mini you could just mow 'em down, like cutting grass.

open season, and lower the price of bacon ! win win.

the hunters can't find the pigs but theguy with the camera found them!  give him the gun!

I bet they could have a really good BBQ....

got just one word for this........."BACON"!!!!!!!!!

eat them.....put them in your smoke house...like grampa did

just let the good ole boys shoot them...with guns....

Replace the word"Pigs" with "Illegal Mexicans"

If we could only take the same approach to illegal Mexicans.Get your AR-15's ready and 30round mags and lets go hunting.... clean them all out. give the meat to the homeless shelters

We should trap them and send them to every muslim craphole there is.

Call them republicans and Eric Holder will loosen his drones on them.

Just wait till the "Friends of Animals" gets hold of this.  This wacked out CT based group says there is NO reason whatsoever to kill an animal.We have a deer problem in the Northeast, which brings Lyme disease.  Plus, the forests and ground living animals are being wiped out.This group says too bad.Animals above human need??  Crazy.

Really?  Texas ranchers are making tons of money on them inviting out of state hunters to do the job.Why do I even have to put my taxes into this?  If the Texas model fails, just let Asian commercial hunt and trap them.

Trap them alive and then bomb the taliban with them. Condem their souls to bacon hell!

No tours for the White House though.  That was nothing but Grandstanding by the Liar-in-Chief.

Feral Pigs or liberal democrats? Is there any differance in how they behave?

Im tired of these articals about Democrats.

I believe it was in the late 1970's several states allowed you to hunt and kill one pig per day on a general hunting license and keep the meat. I don't remember clearly if you had to report the kill or not but, a similar method would do nicely. An article that I read at that time stated that one hunter donated much of what he got to an orphanage or other charity. That was cool and he had a freezer full of very nice lean pork to boot. Hum, where's my rifle? Down here in Georgia, BBQ is made with pork,and pork fat is used a lot in cooking. Hey,let's all go hunt up a feral pig and have some BBQ.RANT FINISHEDPork the one you love.

My .223 is ready and willing to go pig hunting

They multiply like democrats on food stamps !!!!

Funny how that artical seems to have #$%$ off the tree hugers and anti-meat eating population. Screw them.

Who rates higher the pigs or congress?

I can tell you why this won't work.. In Texas, import of pigs isn't banned.. We shoot them from helicopters on game ranches when locals or people from the north east want to hold an assault rifle and blast some pigs...  HUGE money maker... You kill all the pigs, you kill all the profits...  Unfortunately, the farmers have to pay these outfitters or allow them to hunt on their property to kill the pigs that they put there in the first place...  Really dumb...

Just to be clear, it's not a typo in this story, is it?  They mean 'feral' and not 'Federal', right?  Reading the story, it could go both ways.

One of the main problems is that landowners have found out that they can get good moneyfrom allowing people to hunt them. Thus they do not want them erradicated. They feed themand allow their numbers to increase. This would not be a problem on fenced property butfree ranging hogs spread like a bad social disease

Damn. I thought they were referring to CONgress.

"Sport hunting pressure alone won't be enough to stop a population from spreading.".stop trying to make money and treat them as you would a mosquito.don't require no license/stamp.... all the states done was protect them and allow them to multiply beyond control......California is just as bad,...Fish &amp; Game requires you to buy a tag for every pig,...that sucks.

I bet the slaughterhouses would like to get their hands on that  5 million pigs. They would mix that meat in with the other processed stuff and make a ton of money. As for the diseases , they would re-evaluate those to make them acceptable.

Pigs and politicians are very alike in the fact that they want to hog all the good stuff for them selves!

The French believe you can use every part of the pig but the oink. I mean there's bacon, ham, chops, roasts and sausage. Then there's pork rinds, pickled pigs feet (my grandmother loved those), blood sausage, sausage casings, cretin (aka head cheese), and snout. I have heard of pig ear sandwich and pig tail soup, but how is the bung prepared? Forget it. I don't want to know.

"They're willing to bet $1 million in federal funds..."Of course they are.  Who wouldn't gamble with someone else's money?

this is the problem 20 for the pig tag 45 for the hunting licence and can only take 5 pigs per year, people I like to eat animals and pigs are good for smoked ribs Not to forget there is a lot of good meat on pigs and then there are homless shelters that would be glad to take the meat,you know why not make it 5.00 for the tag and shoot as many as you can for meat, Not for leaving them in a field to rot  either do it or shut up and stop #$%$ about pigs, Oh and there have to be a little restrictions liffed like night hunting for this pigs and only pigs real hard to find in the day.

Good thing they cant vote.

the answer is, once evidence of feral pigs become clear, let the dogs find them and hunting groups over harvest them.

I'm with dogsoldier, only use the meat in shelters to feed the homeless, use it in schools instead of pink slime.

You know what they say" You can put lipstick on a Pig,,,,,,,,but at the end of the day its still a Pig"I been saying all along animals have unionized against humans.  The organizer realized the intelligence of the porker and set them out to do exactly what their doing.  Bears no attack humans in this devious plan.  Wolves will be in on it as soon as the boss man thinks they have rebounded enough.  Heck even sharks now help.  Be careful, be real careful around Fido and Fluffy.

Barbeque Pigs &amp; Cold Beer! Now that's an All-American tradition! Come &amp; get boys!

start by taking out the mother pig in california....diane fienstien....

Free hunting and all the bacon you can eat. The landowner's could rent out a room to the hunters and make a little money running a B&amp;B. Sure, the state wouldn't make any money but the problem would disappear without costing them $1,000,000.

Why spend money,when their are hunters willing to pay for a license? Typhical gov thinking and spending.Spend a mill on pig hunting but release thousands of ILLEGALS who do more damage than pigs!

It seems strange that over hunting and fishing can drive a species to low levels yet these pigs can thrive. It would seem like a year-round open season on pigs would fill lots of freezers and put a dent in the pig population.

they should be used for food,not just wasted? better than what  is being grown in captivity without all the drugs?

The hunters could take care of them, but there's a government instigated  ammo shortage.

Perfect example of an animal that an AR-15 is ideal for hunting en mass.

after catching the pigs send them to the white house we need some pigs with sense to run the United States for the ones there have noneopen season and use the meat to feed the homeless

Pigs are highly intelligent animals.

Approve use of thermaI imaging scopes, donation of the meat to food banks or seII it, and unrestricted takes for certain times of year.That biomass wiII be controIIed in no time.  Imagine wiId boar smoked spiraI cut ham during the HoIidays- that wouId seII!

To quote Troy Landry of Pierre Part, LA...shooooot em!

At Ft. Benning GA, one can hunt and trap feral pigs 7-days a week, 360 days a year. But a warning, they are smart and don't hunt alone.

All they want is the path to citizenship!!!!!

Capture and release in IRAN!!!

oh, so print an article about how you're going to kill the pigs, if the pigs didn't know before, they know now !!!

Let's hand out McRib sandwiches instead of EBT cards !

start in washington D.C.Drones, maybe?

New Mexico should manage them as a game animal like California does, in fact wild pigs are now the number one game animal in California.

This is one reason why you need a large magazine for your rifle.

These things have cousins in Illegal Immigrants-they must learn from each other.

anybody thinking what i am thinking?.....BACON!

wolves do a number on deer and elk  I would bet they would help

Teeeeeeeeeeeeeeedddddddddddddd, we need you, Blood Brother!

Hunt them at night, the Germans been doing it for years, test them for desease then eat them.  They are very smart.

AR15'S WORK GOOD ON FERREL PIGS !

They said it themselves, these pigs are pretty smart.  And yet, they revealed everything they're gonna do....... Good luck.Here in Florida just as in Texas they are out of control. Yes, you do not need a license to hunt/trap them 365 days per year. Problem being they produce a liter of between 6-8 every 6 months and begin to breed when they are only 9 months old. In plain words you can NOT out kill/trap the population explosion - fact!

I know a bunch of pigs in Wash.DC they could practice on.

The pigs flock to Texas because Texans are the easiest to outsmart.

so thats why homeland security bought all those bullets

Mmmmmm, feral bacon.

Several years ago, when I use to hunt...but no more...I shot and killed a pig in Mendocino County in California. The Butcher prepared it and smoked the hams. It was good...better tasty than Deer (venison). In all the times I hunted for them, I have only seen two. They are elusive. Putting that aside, Hawaii has a major problem too. I would think that hunters would have a field day if they were allowed to take (kill) them. I'm thinking that hunting restrictions prevent that.

A bacon shortage will solve this problem.

Catch them alive and sell to China as the way we sell Bluefin Tunas to Japan. They are GOLD. These are delicacy and extremely pricy in Asia. A 50 pounds roasted pig can easily cost $1,000( yes, one thousand U.S.dollars ) at the restaurant in any major Asia cities, and you must place a special order to get it.

GIVE THEM TO THE MUSLIMS! SEND NO MORE MONEY

A very good way to deal with them is Cajun style. You can skin it, split the back bone enough to spread it out flat, rubbing it down with your spices on both sides, inside and out, spread the hind legs with a steel bar and wrap the entire carcass in 5 ft. of sheep fence (you know the one with the 6-7" squares), which keeps the meat together and helps transfer heat. Tie a wire at the center of the horizontal bar you used to spread the hind quarters with, and hang it from a tree limb. Build a medium size fire to the side (about 2 ft away) from the hanging carcass. It will work like a heat sail. It will gradually constantly rotate itself, likely will not break the wire as it is also hot and metal molecules seem to adjust to the constant twisting. It will take 4-6 hours but will be some  of the best meat you have ever eaten. Sit down on a stump or log, drink your beer,  have some fox squirrel gumbo with white rice. Excuse me that is another story, but enjoy, and soon there will be less hogs, or just enough for you to enjoy them.Just put a cash bounty on them of $25 per pig, have a year long open season, and I guarantee that the population will be cut in half in just one year.

Pigs are an invasive species brought over first by De Soto in the 1500's!

This might be a reason for automatic weapons for hunting.  With a special license, we need teams trained with night scopes and automatic weapons to set up a cross field of fire to take out large numbers of these animals at one time.  As soon as they hear a gun shot, they run in every direction, so that would be the only way to kill the herd at one time.

Are these domestic pigs that have got into the wild or are they a naturally wild pig that has increased in population?

@ OldDan  • here's a suggestion. Use those AR-15s to shoot the pigs. Oh wait, that is not politically correct. LOLWell, I guess it is a war - of sorts, lol.  Great idea.   God Bless America.

I love that Pull Pork!!!!! MMMMM

If you've never tried to catch/kill these critters, you will never understand.  Dam things seem to take extreme pleasure outta evading you and then go and trash a $500 trap.  I've seen them get caught in one and bash the trap to pieces.  They will be bloody, break tusks/teeth to get out of the trap.  Then, if you (or any other live thing) are anywhere close to them when they get out, bubba you best be looking for a real high perch really really quickly.  God Bless America.

bacon? Are they just shooting and tossing the carcass? people are hungry yo!

here's an idea start using the bounty system (pay people for each pig they kill)  This would be cheaper than paying government employees to try and solve the problem, plus you would have a larger number of people out after them.  Also allow people to use NVG's, Thermals and spotlights.  These animals are pests and should be treated as such, no bag limits, open season all year round and no tags required (CA is #$%$ for requiring tags on feral hogs...gotta pay for the liberals and crazy spending somehow right?)

I had rather eat feral pigs then Monsanto's genetically modified/  bovine hormone pigs.These pigs are so smart...if they had arms and legs, they'd learn to fly!

no worse than the illegal immigrants,destroying the country,i prefer the pigs

hmm...simple enough idea.  dig a deep hole and put some ashes in the bottom of it.  Line the hole with Pea's and when the pigs come up to take a pea?  Kick em in the ash hole.  There done.

Open all game reserves to year around hog hunting, not just deer season. Everyone I know uses Arms. Put a bounty on them enough to help offset the cost of gins, ammo, gas, etc. Have the wildlife agencies have a check in station. Also check for diseases. Bus prisoners and/or welfare lifetime receipients in to process the meat. Split the meat between the poor, the prisons and say 5% to the hunters. I wish y'all let me run this country for one week.

Where's the drones?

Poor farmers and ranchers my sorry (A)(S)(S)! Try to find one who doesn't want to retire off of pig hunting. The fees they want to charge you for shooting the pigs that are supposedly destroying everything is ridiculous. Several hundred dollars to shoot one small pig. This is just another government boondoggle that is really meant to drop a lot of money into a few dishonest pockets. If they were serious about getting rid of them they would welcome serious hunters free of charge to kill them.

Ask any Pig Hunter how tough these pigs really are to take down.They can take a poorly placed 30 caliber round and just run away wounded &amp; in pain.If you are going to hunt them, go to the range &amp; sight in your weapons.

Looks Like the Envasion of a New Congress

A Washington get-together.

Best story on yahoo news today!!!!!!!!!!This is exactly like the white house.

Ted Nugent is in the skies over Texas with his legaly purchased assualt rifle taking care of the feral pig problem and when he is done the meat from his managed pig slaughter goes to feed the poor…Win Win situation...soon, instead of TX having a feral pig problem feral pigs will have a Nugent problem.

Reminds me of the illegal immigrant problem we have.

Get all the thugs in tha hood to hunt the pigs.  They likes to shoot and you ever try to get between a black man and a piece of pork?

NOW they want to do something ???They will be spending a pathetic $1 million to train THEIR people ???? Just another example of why the States need to take back their Responsibilities to U.S. and tell the Feds to pack sand.  NOW they feel the need to "do something" ? This problem has been escallating for over 15 years...The Feds have been taking more and more control over every aspect of our lives.This is just one more example of why the government was NEVER supposed to be  allowed these powers.BTW...Remember one of the rules for taking over a country ! Control the food, control the population...that's why the 'food stamp' program has exploded. It's just one more step.Didn't they force a farmer in Michigan? to slaughter  his properly confined  herd of market pigs a few years ago ? Just because they desided the pigs didn't "qualify" as a certain "breed" associated with market production ?First they nudge, then they push, then they give it a big shove to see how we react; then they fall back and do it again until they get what they want.GOD Help U.S.

Sounds like fun just 1 more reason to keep our guns

Can we do the same with illegals that come over the borders ?

Trending soon on Yahoo News..Pictures of dead pigs and the faces of happy hunter's..Hamming it up.

Feral pigs have already taken over TexasNow I understand.

At least that is 1M we are not giving to Egypt.  Great Idea... keep our money and give them the pork.Anyway.. we can just shoot a double barrel shot gun out our doors and they will go away. Of course we only have two shell for the gun and we have to re-register to get two more shells and return the spent shells.

Don't use an "assult rifle" some wacko will claim it's cruel and unusual punishment!!!

I'm surprised there isn't a Pig defecit with all the goverments "Pork Barrel" projects.

i just got rid of some pigs living in one of my apartments.

My brother-in-law in south central iowa has feral pigs in his fields or has seen evidence of them

this problem is way too easy to solve.  5 million feral pigs? psttttt....... just put a bounty on it. seesh. how simple of a solution is that??????? the government is just soooooo dumb.  we americans are known to cause animals to go extinct. common. is it really that hard to kill off feral pigs? we killed off all those beavers for their pelts. we killed off all the buffaloes for their fur. just construct a pig processing plant in texas and have all the bounty hunters bring in the pigs for processing.  lots of bacon can be made from it.  lots of pork meat can be shipped elsewhere.  pay the bounty and make the money back selling the meat.

just hunt them all year round &amp; feed the homeless with the meat ? how hard was that to figure out  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

It is funny, pigs are getting smarter and people are getting dumber.  Welcome to the future.

I wish we could capture a couple hundred thousand and send them to the middle east.. :)

I find it fascinating that every other country on Earth has managed, without difficulty, to virtually wipe out large mammals to the point where they need intensive protection, yet here in the US we can't even kill off feral pests.Oh the ineptitude of this nation's people!  The pigs hide out in darkness?  Uhm... we have these niftly little things called 'infrared goggles'.  Unless the pigs have mutated themselves a cloaking device, they can't hide from those.I suspect it's nothing more than the ridiculous hunting regulations getting in the way.so why arent we letting pigs loose in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq..............

I was really hoping this was about lobbyists...

Gimme a P.....gimme an I.........gimme a G!    We shall over-root!  I have a gleam....that I can root and eat all I see!  signed J. Hamfat McPorkmuscle - yeah!

Our governments answer to everything , spend money

Is part of the problem the factoid that the pigs are smarter than the land commissioner?

Eat them!  Roasted pigs is delicious.

California has always had an open season on feral pigs because they have no natural predators.  They are indeed smarter than most people.  Probably do a better job than Congress does if we install them in office, and they have the advantage of being pigs already and not having to spend a lot of time putting on a show to convince us they are otherwise.

$1M pilot project aims to take out feral pigs.Are they talking about Congress ?

OK.. Now what are we going to do about all these feral children running around here in Memphis?

can't they mix up the python's from the everglades and the piggies -- let the python's snack on 'em?this is a problem that is getting worse.like troy says shoot em cletus shootem.

Call it open season with no bag limit and no special hunt times during the year and this hog problem will be solved...

Oh, I thought this was about Obama's cabinet members and czars.

Good eating.  Can feed many people in need.

How about anyone can shot a wild boar. no lic no season. Can you eat those things?

Feed them to the Muslims in the form of SPAM...

get the city slickers out of the woods and put some rednecks on the loose i bet they get thinned out then..

Infested by pigs.  Whats next?   Bring in a bus load of Rednecks and let them hunt the varments.  Problem solved.

Pen and farm them for their hide. Selective electronic gates with animal recognition is necessary. In Australia feral buffalo and camels are now exported. Rabbits were used for many years to make hats after feeding people through the depression. Cats and dogs can be a menace when they go wild. Cane toads kill everything.

This is what happens when idiot humans take away all the natural predators in any areai used to get paid to clear farm land in east texas 25 dollars a tail . they are smart . way too smart and can kill your dogs and maybe even you if your not lucky . 223 rounds have to be placed near perfect or else they haul #$%$ and you dont find em . 308 is just right

Dont worry .....Comrade Commanders Obama , Cuomo the H  o  m  o  , and  Bloomberg will just BAN them all !Problem solved !

are we really gonna waste 1million on this project? when there are people who will kill these pigs for free or even pay to kill em? the hunting regs need to be relaxed and they need to let hunters hunt at nite to get rid of them!

Feral pigs are much like dems/liberals...... once they get a foothold in the area, they have a destructive and a costly effect on society.... and once entrenched it is very difficult to get rid of them

Could our drones looking for  illegal mexicans crossing the river  at night also  causing billions of dollars in social services spot the hogs for immigration ?

I would think they would be declared varmints and allow hunting all year round.  Probably have. Maybe they are expanding due to the Obama-caused ammo shortages!

Can you eat feral piggies???

thehogzone dot come

Just simply re-introduce packs of wolves

by the way, when you take out the pig's, do the same with all the illegal's.Too bad these pigs aren’t armed to the teeth.

Funny how the government can throw money at trying to get rid of more than 5 million pigs yet they wont even attempt to get rid of more than 11 million illegals.

Can you imagine how many homeless shelters could benefit from these critters?Bacon &amp; eggs for breakfast, ham sandwiches for lunch, dinner...

Can I make bacon and pork chops with feral pigs? If so I'd like to volunteer my services!! I can get very creative for free bacon...

You hear all this stuff about the damage, but try to find a place to acrually hunt them.    If you do, it usually cost and arm and a leg to kill one on what is more like a hunting ranch.

Just let people hunt at night and year around - no tag no bag limit...

can we do away with feral criminals too?

Opps, I said good, then I realized it didn't say 'federal pigs.'

Another way is to encourage hunters by offering free acces to their property as long as those  hunters respects property owners guidelines &amp; don't mess up or cause more damage to the property.. But don't be suckered with those ads that says " Free Boar Hunting" or " Texas has been overran by wild pigs &amp; we need your help" just to find out that thy're not really free.

Hm, from the headlines, I thought this was going to be an article about the Marxist Kenyan's supporters.Tell the Chinese that feral pig parts have aphrodisiac properties.  They'll be exinct in less than a year.

After reading the article, I vote to give the pigs a shot at running the country.

We should breed these intelligent critters with our politicians, and still hunt them.

We can't open the White House for tours but we can spend $1M on killing feral pigs that many hunters would kill for "free" if we just declared open season on them - more of that liberal logic.

To late there will be no stopping them, they reproduce at such a rate we can only hope to control their numbers.

mmm bacon!!!

Let's be real. Although Texas is alledgedly 'over-run' with pigs, why don't you try to get someone to give you permission to hunt them. Ain't gonna happen without exhorbitant pay. Same with any critter that over-runs a place. The land owners say they want them gone, but don't allow hunting with responsible hunters. I don't feel sorry for them anymore. I've seen hog sign as high as 8,000 feet elevation above Ruidoso, NM while riding mules.

Start a FERAL BACON industry.....Now that is FREE RANGE if I have ever seen it!

I wanna buy some of them wild boar steaks.  I think there is a good market for them.

Have a state wide hunt like the one recently held in Florida for the snakes. At $1000 per head, you can clean this problem up in a few weeks. Oh, and they will need ammo for those hunting guns BO and his boys want to take away.Target practice for our snipers. A nice high stand with a good field of view and no pig would be safe for a mile radius. As we wind down the war, they'll need new jobs.

You don't need any bounty!! Just let people from other states come in and use whatever firearm they want, and be allowed to hunt them without licensing &amp; keep the meat!We're hungry here in the north, and they charge too much for pork and sausage...and they only let us take two deer a year (if you're lucky enough to get one during buck AND doe) and they keep raising the licensing fees.We'll kill your pigs, if you let us.

BBQ

What amazes me is that there is supposedly an epidemic pig problem and these ranchers advertise and say: "Hog Eradication...$125.00 per hunter per day...shoot two hogs"....If it was that bad, wouldn't you think they would let them do it for free?...I understand the need to make money on the ranch but you should open up a free for all day and take as many as you want....just saying...

Save the pigs!

And now the pigs (who hack into peoples unsecured wifi) know what the plan is too.

LOL.  PETA isn't going to like this one bit. Of course if we should happend to drop a truck load or two off in one of their neighbor hoods they might get get it. Sort of like people that protest eliminating birds around airfields. A noble cause, until an airplane engine gets FODed out.

They should be treated as illegal aliens with free access to the federal trough and given the right to vote in federal elections as registered Democrats.

They need to get the feral Pigs out of the White House .

Another viable plan would be to load up all the welfare loafers and take them out to the pigs areas and tell them that their food awaits them and no more free stuff from the taxpayers.Just open a bounty on them all year, load them up on cargo planes, and dump them on Iraq and Iran. This is a no brainer and we certainly, as always, don't need any stupid feedback from the useless parasites of government.

Send them to Washington maybe they could root out the swine

Don't do it. We're going to need them for food in the future.Double notches on the ears means they belong to my compound.My butchering skills are going to come in handy.

sounds like illegal aliens to me, protected by liberals and hard to root out of this country eating up what's not theirs.

I've hunted feral hogs on the Petit Jean River in Arkansas and was amazed at the damage they caused. They're as hard to bag as any Whitetail Deer, and they can seriously hurt you or your dogs, with their tusks. A small bounty might help.

the key note in this is that it's "Tax" payers money funding more government workers to do studies - and like anything the govenment gets involved in - it will cost more with less results

These pigs are pretty viscous and also cannibalistic.  we shot one late in the evening and was going to haul it off in the morning.  The rest of the pigs had drug it about sixty yards and all that was left was the head, the front right leg and a little of its coat and a couple ribs.  It probably weighed about 110 lbs before it got ate up.  we got it with a 12 gauge with slugs in it.

Revenge of the Spareribs!

The pig problem is real in Texas. When I was in college land owners would let you come hunt them outside of the "game" hunting season for free. Now you have to pay anywhere from $ 75.00 to $ 250.00 per day to hunt these pest. It is all that you can do to try to keep them at bay on your hunting lease. I wish my to young sons had the opportunity to hunt them without it costing them an arm and a leg.

Pigs the new rat.Most states with a severe wild pig problem have no limit--no season laws on their books.  As quite a few people mentioned it is the cost of the out of state license that is the stopper for most hunters.

put a bounty on them, there also should be no need to sell a license/etc, these are not even remotely a native species.

VA boys like some hog killing,turn them loose

there should be no hunting license requirement and open season year round in every state to hunt them down. otherwise New Mexico will be just like the rest of the infested states.

let the military use the hogs for training, or at the very least let the military use drones on them.

hum 1 million if n.m. would have a raffle for hunts they could make enouf money to put up there own border fence then they could say that they were keeping out the pigs ;)

What's the matter, Texas? You don't have enough barbeque grills down there?

Crazy, more unnecessary big government spending.  People will pay to hunt them.  Just allow night vision scopes and hunting at night.

I want to know, if they have been able to count them, then they should have just caught them and cooked them on the spot.

I have heard that they have taken over Washington D.C. as well.  They have caused inestimable damage to the country and the working man.  They are dirty, smart, operate while no one is watching and are as elusive as greased pigs [ha!].  Once they are in it's so hard to get them out.  Only you can prevent pigs.in guam, they just burn down the hill...

I love pig hunting.  Sometimes, however, I feel bad about myself in the morning.

How fast con you run?  A feral pig can out run you.  It will kill you if you don't kill it first.  Put all the macho #$%$ aside.  What is needed is a systematic way to kill the pigs.  It sounds like the people in NM are starting to do just that.

Food banks, get ready!

Them pigs are organized I tell ya!  ORGANIZED!

Pigs are smarter than dogs, and honey boo boo

Catch the you tube footage of Ted Nugent &amp; co. hunting these hogs from a helicopter.  There is a need for assault rifles.

$1M pilot project aims to take out feral pigs chief, hillary clinton...

So why is the price of bacon so darn high?

As of this writing, there are a lot of feral pigs in Texas, but they have not taken us over!Here PETA, PETA, PETA.  Here PETA, PETA, PETA...

Man has eradicted the passenger pigeon and almost the bison.  I see many volunteers posting here who want the job, all they need is a financial incentive.  I hope they get one because I love pork chops.

I saw a documentary on this problem.........and it has been exacerbated because part of the problem has been narrowed down to a rancher who lives in a harsh, cold climate in the U.S., and thus deliberately sent for a Russian feral pig -- because he KNEW that those are type of feral pigs that can survive even the very harshest types of climate.............and a few other ranchers in the South, who have also deliberately brought Siberian/Russian feral pigs into the U.S. -- but they are also the meanest. And those ranchers REFUSE to speak to anyone about their pigs. The program host tried to talk to 1 of the ranchers, and was rudely, promptly told to get off his land.I would not mind seeing THOSE types of pigs hunted almost to extinction -- because per the documentary, they breed like rabbits, and are not only very mean, and smart enough to evade capture / being hunted, but they literally DESTROY whatever land they inhabit or go through.

Make a competition out of it.  Cash prizes to the hunter with the most pigs bagged.  Then have a huge BarBQ with free beer for all the participants.

Watch...the government will spend billions of dollars and many years to control the pigs, then when the numbers actually dwindle, they will be declared an endangered species and become protected.

If they figure out how to take them out, can we use the same methods on politicians?

time to call all rednecks

Oh, then eat them...

You need to set up a one acre fenced area that open on one end. Throw in a few hundred pounds of corn, lift the one end when they are in and blast away. Oh, then eat them...

Why is the media cheerleading for the federal government spending one million dollars to shoot Babe?  Oh yeah, it's the 'can do no wrong' Obama administration.  No need to consult PETA or Hollywood for quotes.  Meanwhile farmers in the midwest have to contend with crop loss because of the millions of Bambis, ' and the outnumbered cows are blamed for methane and climate change.Sounds like an opportunity for a new reality TV show!

if they can do it in florida on snakes they can do it on hogs use the meat for hungry people for fun have a greasy hog catching contest

Razorbacks!

HAWGZILLA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    Aaaarrrggghhhhhhh!!!!!!

New industry. Harvesting wild pork.

Gosh, I got two thumbs down because I mentioned I'd seen two in 30 years... my stalkers are apparently up early today.

have biden go kill them with his double barrel shotgun....

Let grandma shoot the pigs with BB guns.

These pigs are only doing what they've been taught by their two-legged counterparts.

Republicans would line up for government pork.Tell  all the Meth  heads  and Crackheads  that a 10$  bounty  for ea  pig...problem solved in 30 days  or less.

I'm getting my night vision scope this week now all we need is a group get-together we'll call ourselves the pig patrol. no limit no season day and night here in Texas

These should be used to feed the homeless.

"They're much brighter than I am," said Ray Powell, a veterinarian and New Mexico's land commissioner."Wow I cant believe there is an honest politician!

Free Bacon!

I expect they can breed a lot faster than hunters can kill them.  I know attempts to eliminate wild boar in the southeastern US have been unsuccessful.

It's becoming a problem in parts of Europe too.  I have seen the devastation that wild pigs have caused on farms in southern Greece.

kind of funny how the were originally imported by the Spanish and through breeding their numbers are out of control... kind of like our illegal alien problem is too! just sayin...

nitescope on a bushmaster 223

Pigs is smarter than politicians.$1 million in federal funds, are they nuts. Keep an open season for all that need the meat and the numbers will go down.

feel free to substitute "liberals" in for "feral pigs"

Free Barbeque for all,  Also good way to feed the hungry.

well theres goes the entire republican party oink oink .

I'd love to help but Ammo's tripled over past few months so I can't afford it so sorry.

They are the largest cause of property damage in Westlake Hills,( that is a suburb of Austin) than any other. They arn't just in the country anymore. Greenbelts and Parks with an  inexhaustable food source, water everywhere, Like you said "pigs are smart."

Bubbas, here is your chance to earn some money... Go there, shoot some hogs, maybe some other Bubbas.  Help out.

Now, if  only we could take out our feral government !!

Free Bacon!

Im going to go ahead and say this but Bacon is needed and more of it is always a good thing."Pigs have been known to scope out traps for days before sending in the group's lowest ranking members to test for danger".... that's just amazing ..."Introduced by Spanish explorers centuries ago, pigs began to expand their range. Hunters complicated matters by importing Eurasian boars to the U.S. for sport. Generations in the wild, the pigs have evolved into "survivors," .... didn't know it was going on for centuries... if so eradication is perhaps impossible, only population control will work now..If they are not safe to eat, there has to be other perhaps monetary incentive to hunt them to control populations...organized pig hunts

issue free hunting permits... then send an invite to all hunters across all states, specially rednecks. expect 'em pigs to be gone soon.

Could get some christians to send demons into them and they will kill themselves.

Just have Moochelle vacation there.Those pigs will be eaten overnight.

So, if they were to develop a new gun to shoot the pigs would that be considered - wait for it - Pork Barrel Spending?

drive them to Mexico......

i would love to help thin out the herds , the state pays for my license , ammo , gas , etc. ill help feed the ones in need...

they have more rights here than all those SOB in office and all the trash our government has brought in to our country and let in and all the illeagl trash and their dam anchor babies,  and their also not even close to the swine all them are , i'd rather have all them than all the other trash the have a right to be here they don't period

real hunters just don't kill for the fun , if u don't eat it then let it live it may be a pig  but it still has a life remember the buffalo  how they was massacre  &amp; now they all but gone

I wish people were so determined to rid Washington of the liberal pigs that have invaded and destroy everything in their path. Practice makes perfect...start with NM, and then move on to Washington!If Obama gets the Bushmasters they will just throw rocks at them I guess?

Here in Oklahoma, there is no closed season on fearal pigs, no limit on how many you can take, no restriction on time of day or means of taking them.

How's 'bout taking out the "feral pigs" in Washington .....

Round them up and drop them off in D.C. They clean it up. We can start over.

Let  Dianna Feinstein and Andrew Cuomo take care of all the pigs Dianna has a gun, and Andrew only needs one bullet.

Go ask one of the farmers or ranchers that complain about hogs  if you can hunt on their land and  you will get a "no", so I don't care what the hogs do to them

No wonder bacon has gone so ridiculously in price!!

yep a bunch of non hunters trained what a joke.I bet it requires a college degree of some sort. they will shoot a few and the the hogs will go nocturnal for you city folks that means they only move at night . I have seen deer do the same thing when high hunting pressure is put on them. Pigs can travel miles to feed the return to a bedding area. a sow will drop 2 to 3 her first litter the second litter 5 to 8 pigs the third litter look out seen as many as 18 and most survived so good luck on this tracking camera and miro chip thing. and the trapping that's a good one unless the person knows how to trap hogs learn fast and real fast so the standard drop door trap will not last long they will avoid it like a politician avoids the truth they have got to have a reason to go into the trap and food aint one of them to much on the outside.. and only a million dollars well with the Government running the program that will last a whole two weeks

What works ? 3rd generation night vision &amp; a .308 ! and they taste good too.

Why not simply eat them, or take their skin for leather.Why don't they hire Vets, arm them,and give the guns&amp;ammo? Give an allowance for vehicles used.  Use the bore killed for feeding the poor &amp; needed. If you know how to cook bore, it's not bad!

Oh pig poo, I thought we were after federal pigs....

Yean, the Great Python Hunt in Florida went so well. After a month, the fearless armed yahoos had killed a total of 68 snakes. Out of an estimated 150,000....Two brave hunters had to be airlifted out of the Glades.

"Feral pigs have already taken over Texas"We know

If they kill all the pigs, who will be left to run the country?

"Send in the drones"

Lure them into a deserted area and drop the napalm....big pig roast.

If there is a market for pig rectums being sold as calamari (see a previous article) then there is a good opportunity here.  Otherwise, well I'm not sure.  Practice for 'copter pilots w/night vision guns?  Land mines?  As far as I know pigs can't read warning signs.

WE MIGHT NEED THEM TO EAT ONE DAY....WHEN THERE NO FOOD LEFT ANYWHERE ON EARTH. It would be a good buisness to get into. And you would have plenty of bacon. YUM.

DRONE THEM!!!!!!and from the head lines i thought they were talking about honey boo doos mom

$1 million dollars in federal funds for feral pigs? Sounds like government pork to me..... I made myself laugh.

We should put a "bounty" on every pig that is captured alive and the more that are caught, the better. Pay farmers, sportsmen, etc. to catch as many as possible. Then we fix up some way to transport them to Iraq, Iran, Afganistan, and other hostile countries, and just turn 'em loose.  Those people will be so busy trying to get rid of the pigs, they won't have time for jihad or "whatever" they call their "hate killings!!!"

Change Wall Street's religion to include "kosher" pork......and the suckers will disappear quicker than those pesky half brothers.

And they said we didn't need 30 round magazines....

The house will reopen as soon as the pigs are out.

Have an all year hunting season with no limit on the number of pigs which can be taken, allow hunting at night,and allow hunters to shoot them from vehicles, allow them to be taken with any kind of weapon,allow traping. Offer free processing of meat from pigs and a bounty. Then watch how fast this becomes a new sport and the pigs go away.

we love our piggies, but we love to eat them too

Would an analogy to illegal immigrants be too out of place?

Pigs, and Mexicans. If it's not one or the other causing trouble here, it's BOTH!I say open season and no limit on them. So many people struggling right now, just think of the food it would put on many tables. Obviously over hunting would not be a problem as they are not wanted in the wild.

This is why we need large capacity mags....... pigs and muslims

Aw they'er just looking for a better life in the U S...

I'd rather we concentrate our resources on a bigger threat-  the feral humans.

Free Range Organic Bacon.  I could make a fortune.

I smell bacon baby.. give me a night scope for my assault weapon and lets go hunting.. they may outsmart New Mexico's land commissioner but what do you expect from a political idiot who got his job just because he knew someone not anything.....

Ted Nugent had the right idea....a machine gun and a helicopter.  He killed over 450 in one day.  Can't remember all the details but he donated the pork to food banks for the needy.

I never knew there was that much of a problem until I happened to catch that TV show.

Should help out with the bacon reserves.

0mgsnare, shoot, eat, repeat

@ Les  •  feral pigs have learned to outsmart even the most seasoned huntersyet the photgrapher could take this pictureHave you ever hunted deer?  Until season opens, the dam things are everywhere.  The day season opens, the dam things vaporize.  You can go out and scout these pigs without a gun and find em, go back with a gun and poof - their gone.   God Bless America.

Lots of out of work Military snipers.  Maybe they will get them all and consequently lower bacon prices

find the idiots that brought those pigs to this country and fine them for the clean up cost

You need to disguise yourself as pig food.Let them come to you...then...whack em!

Just classify them as vermin, and have a year round open hunting season, with no bag limits..And no guide required.Umm  a freezer full of Pork Rosts..Ummmmmm...

scoop them all up , load up the food banks here then haul all the rest live to some to of the poor foreign countries like , oh , Iran , Afganistan and Pakistan

Revenge of the Feral Pigs!That's what you get for barbecuing Babe!

State &amp; Federal land managers betting with fed $ YOU and I pay??!!! #$%$!! Give our good friends in Texas Open Year Round Season with Assault Rifles and pay them per pig like that Florida Boa Hunt!! That'll tickle someone's pickel!

Gimme a break! They ain't that smart!A 12 year old with a 22 rifle could kill one of these.An intelligent policy would read: If you see 'em - shoot 'em.Thought it said federal pigs and NM was going to take them out. Then I cleaned my specs.

The South Pacific cannibals referred to humans as "the long pig".....

Send em all back to Spain where they came from!

I don't understand why people are so upset about wanting to kill the pigs....They breed like rabbits, eat everything in site, have no fear of getting close to humans, and they can make a place smell like #$%$......if you want to keep them, then tell the government to trap em and bring them to your house.....me, if I see one I shoot one...if I see 30, then I will kill as many as I can...starting with the sow's.

Talked to Oklahoma Hunters??  Coyotes and Pigs!!  Prime targets here!!   Both are Very Smart.

Why not use bait like sand dune lizards and lesser prairie chickens, if the pigs like them?  Using a few might, eventually, allow the state to get the lizards and prairie chickens back in large numbers while ridding the state of pigs!

"Feral pigs have already taken over Texas "Wow, that's what I call honest reporting!

'Feral pigs have already taken over Texas ' ..... I am just quoting the story.

$1 Million alone barely covers the cost of bullets.

wouldn't a big bait pile and some m18 claymore mines do the trick?I'll reiterate what @Iris said in his post - Put a bounty on them, allow the meat to go to non-profit food banks, remove the hunting license requirement, allow hunting at night, and the big one: Land owners need to allow hunters onto their property to kill the porkers to eradicate them.  As a landowner, you can do one of two things - don't allow access to your property and have more pigs destroying your fields than it can handle, or allow controlled public access to your property with a reasonable access charge, or no charge, with strict rules for protecting your property, stock and safety. Hunters can and will kill pigs given the opportunity.  There are plenty of places that charge  fees to hunt hogs and they're highly successful, but the bordering landowners that do not allow the public on their land has to continuously deal with pigs destroying their fields....tooo bad sooo sad.

Why are the pigs there? Humans put them there. Too bad, the massive number of coyotes covering the whole country don't eat them.

Souds like a good source of baby back ribs!

Obama is a tyrant pig.

I could hunt to that! Bow hunting is on!

I heard they're in New York about to break over to Pennsylvania.

I wonder if a rib dinner would be available.? It seems like a good opportunity for a small organic business.

These animals are doing what Nature designed them to do, we are unable to see the purpose of what they are doing and think it's bad, leave these animals alone, our planet is very complex and difficult to understand.

A Tea party Gone WILD !

Now I'm hungry!Finally going after the Tea party LMFAO

All I could think about was all that mm-mmm good bacon!!!

Don't make it so hard on people who want to do the hunting of these animals and you would be surprised on how long it would take to get rid of these pigs it would be that simple.If they would be paid well to get rid of them that would truely help as well because jobs are tough out there so this would be an ideal way to hire people who really need jobs.

These guys are a real nuisance!  Methinks however, that our EcoTerrorists are at work again.  I have a great idea....why not send them to the Middle East?!  They love pigs so much!   Sarcasm intended!

Pigs have already taken over congress

Don't the pigs have rights to? if we hunt them, Obama is going to get upset and create some sort of welfare program for the pigs.

they look delicious

I was all excited, cause I thought they said "Federal Pigs"..

LIBERALS LOVE PORK !

Why don't all you gun owners utilize your 2nd Amendment rights now?Tasty little piggies!

They will eat your child if given the chance, kill all pigs. They go by the nickname "cops".

bring the tigers/lions to the area ..

obama is dumber than a pig,that is not new news.

Why not set out food with birth control?

We have been stressing living off the land and substainabilty. Lets start allowing all those ideas and allow those who want to hunt year round for these Pigs to do so. this also might be a way of teaching proper gun control. It would allow most anyone the abaility to use there guns for real life instead of at gun ranges.

Put a 5 buck bounty with an open season on them.  Good cheap eartin' and quicker then their million dollar, (they don't have give away). Damn sure cheaper then some politican creating employment for cousin Billy Bob and his unemployed clan and yrs. to "get'er done."

A bullet costs between .65 cents and $1. Do you know how many pigs there are? MILLIONS and not every shot will kill one. We're taking at least a 3/1 ratio.

Feral pigs are much smarter than obama.

You go piggy.Here's a perfect test for smaller government. Let those states deal with the problem, without federal funding.

the pigs must go

Are they talking about Congress?

If the pigs are that smart then maybe Obama should look at them for leadership.Maybe the new democratic mascot will become a pig?

bring a truck load to washington turn them loose they will fit in just right with the rest of the pigs up there sooey

Give the bubbas free ammo, BBQ sauce, a day off and the problem will be solved.

Dogsoldier we have done just what you are suggesting here in Ga at Ft Benning military base. The hogs had moved onto base and were causing millions of dollars in damage to the base and a lot of it's training ranges. They opened the base to hunters and trappers and offered a $25.00 bounty for each tail turned in. A lot of hunters immediately saw dollars signs but feral hogs when pressured will go nocturnal and do 95% of their moving and feeding at night. It didn't take but a few weeks and this is exactly what they did at Ft Benning and the number of hogs trapped and shot went way down. I grewup on a small 110 acre farm and we had hogs for our own use and they were constantly getting out of the fenced pens we had them in. They are highly intelligent as noted in the article and can figure out things that are fairly complicated. We finally hit upon a method of securing the fencing by digging 18" deep trenches and then putting in the post and then putting the fencing material all the way down in the 18" deep trench and pouring concrete to fill it up to ground level so they would stop trying to dig underneath the fencing. This worked well for a few years till we got a new sow hog and she was much smarter than any others we had ever had and it took her only about two weeks and she figured out that they could dig out under the fencing if they dug deep enough. If you have never tried to catch a hog then that is a whole different problem and story. We are allowed to shoot them year round here as they are a non-indigenous animal so no season. We have to use a light powered by nothing larger than a 9 volt battery and just this last year they passed the law allowing us hunters to use suppressors and night vision equiptment so maybe things will turn around. But this is something that can't be a given as when they were huting them at Ft Benning at night they were being assisted by helicopters with IR equiptment but by the time the info was radioed from the chopper to the hunters on the ground the hogs would have already scattered and moved. If you do not have hogs in the area in which you live then prepare yourselves as they will eventually get to and move into your area and once there as long as they can find food and water they are there to stay. The problem has gotten so bad in certain parts of Germany they have even moved into the city's and do all their moving and damge at night. They WILL be comng to you area at some time so best go ahead and plan on what and how you are gonna try and deal with them.

This is how we should have invaded the Middle East, an invasion of pigs, that would have brought them to their knees.

Put some BBQ sauce on them and feed them to the Muslims.

If I had an assault rifle I could take out about 30 of those little piglets by myself.Do they carry any disease that can't be destroy with some fire and Jack or Tequila?

No license required to hunt feral pigs in New Mexico. If you think you have the right stuff for hunting them, go for it. And if you score, you will have a lot of free bacon.

"Seasoned" hunter?  What is that? How much sense does it take to draw a bead and pull a trigger?

if the commies in washington had their way,,you would have to hunt the pigs with a slingshot.

Give the pigs a form of STD (sexually transmitted disease) which has a relatively long incubation period.  Pigs are best when they are busy doing what they do best and sex besides foraging seems to be pretty high up on the list.  If and when they figure its their propensity to "get it on" iscausing their numbers to dwindle do you think they are smart enough to stop????

Kinda feel sorry for them. They are smart, social and do the best they can just to survive and stay out of the way of people. They are being targeted because they refuse to go extinct  likeall the other species we have wiped out.

Roaches,Coyotes, and Pigs will probably outlive mankind.

deport

The problem where I am (Brazos River Bottom) is land owners that will not hunt them.  I can clear them all out of our 500 acres and they will be back in less than a month.  They swim the river with no problem.  They bred like rats.  I spend a small fortune evey year on ammo.  The other problem is the coyotes.  They have started cross-breding with dogs.  These coydogs are not afraid of people and are more willing to pack-up in larger groups.  If you get caught in a bad place they will be on you in no time.

Pig-Dynasty here we come!This really is a pork project.

First in NM in 2006? I left there in 03 and the Game and Fish Dept. was telling hunters to shoot on site! They were already tearing up the Lincoln National Forest in SE NM! They are not a game animal so I don't think there is a license cost. Put a good bounty on them, something good enough to get people going and sit back and watch what happens! It would be cheaper than what the Government is doing and I bet a whole lot more effective! I have watched Gov. so called management programs and most are a joke!

Will this program cover B Boxer, N Pelosi and the rest of the liberal sows in Congress?

The federal government will ride to the rescue...SEND IN THE DRONES !!!

It might also help if they'll employ Professional Guides to offer their services (free of charge since they're already being paid by the state) to both local &amp; out-of-state hunters, free or low cost hunting licences, free access to public &amp; private properties (with guidelines of course), open year round, no bag limits, free for all hunting like using traps, baits, nite &amp; day, use of dogs etc. There's no guarantee but it could help reduce pig population &amp; will boost local economy from sales of sporting good items, ammo, food, gas, lodging etc, etc. Try it you might like it.

If YOU ever encounter a group of feral pigs you better have more than 10 rounds of ammo.These pigs can become VERY aggressive when they are startled. Only took three shots with a shotgun to take the ONE pig down. Think about a group of them...also I don't think I would want to be armed with Biden's shotgun.

I say get rid of the humans that they outsmarted, instead. Lord knows we could use some population control.

federal taxpayers should not have to pay to fix this state problem

put a bounty on them and feed the homeless/needy.

Create a market for the meat and let farmers and hunters (resident or non-resident) kill them day or night by any means.Ranchers and farmers have complained for years about the damage but then they want to charge hunters extravagantly for pig hunts.  Why not just let them be hunted and then donate the meat (already processed of course) to the hungry.

The solution is simple: Let  hunters HUNT them.  Doesn't cost as much.

Start with a national hunting license.Then place a bounty on feral pigs and illegal immigrants (they are equal in harm to the country).

Teach the locals how to cook Spicy Stir fry with boar meat (yummy stuff).  They also have several curries that works awesomely with boar meat.  Leave the feral pigs on open season, cook some spicy dishes.Or maybe the Department of Homeland Security can shoot them all with those 1.6 billion bullets.

Come on... turn a bunch of hunters lose in a large circle and work your way in... automatic weapons, big magazines!

These are TOTALLY ORGANIC food and are VERY TASTY !!!! Watch the Ted Nugent videoes of Helicopter Hog hunting in Texas. These trips are now open to the Public because Texas changed their laws last year to help eradicate the 5 million they have. Looks like a lot of FUN as well as bringing home the BACON !!!!

What's it called - Operation Officer Dorner?

Two words.....automatic weapons, helicopters.

Just let the hunters hunt.  My husband and his friends would love a week of hunting.

Interesting, don't like being overrun by an animal and come up with a program to deal with the problem. I can tell you about another "overrunning" problem we have but I'd be labeled a racist so I guess it's not worth talking about it anymore, we've been overrun.WHAT ABOUT THE FERAL PIG IN THE WHITE HOUSE?

Sounds like an unlimited resource of food..

You mean they're planning to shoot gals from da Bronx?

its funny there saying its almost impossible to find them &amp; yet they have pictures of them in broad daylight lmao jackasses

If they were good to eat they wouldnt have a problem.  Id have a couple butchered and wrapped in the freezer by now if you could eat the dang things. They do have awful diseases tho, to the point that hunters usually sterilize themselves after handling one. Dont want to bring diseases to your other animals or family. Really a nasty creature, I just love pigs tho in proper pens or on a plate...

Feral pig's' revenge:watch?v=wcLjvLr-Bas on youtube.

no problem. Just find a bunch of Guamanians and tell them it's illegal to hunt the pigs, especially at night. In a couple of months the pigs will no longer be an issue.[they managed to nearly wipe out the porkers on Guam which led directly to the population explosion of the brown rat snakes that then ate all the birds and eggs; they 'shine' deer at night, too; only saving grace is that they seem to kill a lot of each other - "HEY! LOOK! A deer!... OOOOPS, sorry cousin."]

They better triple that one million dollars.  The lawsuit that PETA will file will eat up another couple of million before it's settled.

Why not use the billions of rifle rounds homeland security bought for training LOL and shoot them slaughter them and give the meat to the needy? Oh that's right they cant do that it's not part of the poisoned food chain the FDA has created for us (Got to keep those drug company's busy) dam how could I forget that!

The bounty offered is peanuts and not worth anyone spending much on weapons bullets or dogs. $15 an ear? Why not $50 or $75 an ear&gt;How stupid is this?  This is why government wastes money 1mil for a pilot program?  Really?  Just open it up for hunters and charge $100 per pig, is it me or is whoever thought of this the dumbest idiot ever?Unbievlable.

"Organic" "free range" bacon. I'm ready!

The same tactics used on the pigs can be also be applied to illegals.

How about getting rid of the Federal Pigs, the biggest Pig menace the country is facing in Washington DC first.

UNBELIEVABLE, PIGS ARE SMARTER THAN GOVERNMENT

Texas needs to amend the law that you can't shoot these varmints after dusk.....Get smart you dumb axx politicians.....

1 million dollar gov't program?  That should last 15 minutes

Hand out Free Obama-Pigs !

Yes you do need an AR15 for hunting, why did you ask Senator Fienstien Barb.

a bounty would be a great idea, but politicians don't want it because they are afraid they will have to give taxpayers back some of their money!Haa!  I thought this was about the Federal Pigs in the White House.

Allow me to hunt pigs at night with dogs and no limit. I'll have between 2 and 4 thousands pounds of freezer meat a day. Oh ya, can't do that. "We need to protect the chillllldrrreeeennn...." Guess we'll have to have the government do it for us. I'm sure a university biologist is much smarter than I am.

They're not hard to find. I see quite a few at closing time.

Their not that smart i have seen many of them on fox news at night they go by glenn,rush,shawn,sarah.

Why doesn't this Federal agency come to Texas first and learn what our state experts dealing with wild hogs have learned ?? Oh --- never mind --- forgot that Texas didn't vote for Obama and New Mexico did. Don't tell me that I am wrong . I have seen Texas slighted by this administration too many times .

They could use them for cookouts for the homeless.

I read  "Sport hunting pressure alone won't be enough to stop a population from spreading." and thought "If you put a bounty on their head I bet it would cost a lot less than a million dollars to get rid of them".  Hunting them just for sport is not the same as money!  Try it.

"They're willing to bet $1 million in federal funds on a yearlong pilot project aimed at eradicating the pigs".    Why didn't I see this useless waste of money in the budget cuts????  Make it open season, no limit, turn the dogs loose, BBQ time in Texas.

I have a cousin here in Calif. that killed a 400 lb boar several yrs ago.. He stalked it nearly all day, before getting a 250+ yrd shot that put it down... then a brain shot up close to finish it off.He told me the size of it scared him afterward... lol

they are kinda like mexicans except mexicans are not smart...That picture is actually the senate out for lunch. I see some members of the house too!

How about giving me the 1 Million, I have a 30.06 and can buy boo coo ammo for a few thousand and only charge a poultry 10,000 dollars an hour to rid these pesky critters, Plus I will donate all the meat to feed the poor. It's a win win situation for the government and me :)~

I wish we had those in Ohio

The pig population is exploding. Next thing you know, they will want to vote, get in-state tuition and free medical care.

Why doesn't it surprise me that the pigs can outsmart government workers?

Drones, anybody ...?

California has them as a wild game animal and charges for tags. Started out as 8 for $5. Now something like $8 a tag.

I posted this once and it got deleted for some reason. About the only way to get rid of the feral hogs is to trap them, kill the sows, sterilize the boars and release them. They're hard to hunt but easy to trap. They eradicated the s c r e w worms in Texas like this. They dropped sterilzed male flies in little cardboard boxes that opened when they hit the ground from airplanes all over Texas. It didn't take too long to eradicate the s c r e w worms.

Use drones for surveillance and attack.

If you really want to get rid of the pigs post a bounty on them. That will encourage people to hunt them. Oh by the way all one need to do to eat the meat is take it to a vet and have it checked for certain diseases. They do that all the time in Italy and Greece.OK,so I have raised a few pigs in my day,and I know that they respond to "LOVE" very  quickly,soooo what I am proposeing  is, use some reverse sych.on them,1) start leaveing feeding stations out for them,at first they will be warry but once they send in the underlings and nothing happens they WILL respond by moveing in and feeding too,especially when it's always there and safe, they will even start showing up as you are stocking the feeder,especially the younger ones that really have not been taught to be so fearfull. NOW,2)  since you are feeding them, this would be a perfect time to put a birth control substance as well as anything else they may need to make the meat more consumption friendly, this will slow down the over breeding,and if your not into useing them for food, then you could put any variety of a tranqualizeing type of drug into the food to make them docile without killing any other wildlife. The final step is the tricky one and I am sure that there are MANY peaple out there who could come up with any number of ways to kill the beasts,but it would have to be done ALL AT ONCE ,so there would be no surviver to spread the word to the next group that ,,,,,well you get the picture.

The pigs got that smart without government programs?

Kinda like the Kardashians, pigs that wont go away.

I'd be on my way in a heartbeat with my brothers &amp; it be on like donkey kong if they had an open season with a pay per hog bounty.

At last a use for the useless trigger twits and gun loonies, get to it you creeps.

Also Califronia Fish and Game are making a ton of money off of pigs. Years ago it was $15 for 5 pig tags.. these days its $15 each. Fish and game will keep charging and not as many hunters so pigs will stay..

The feds and the state government working together to solve a problem. And, they said it couldn't be done.

hmm, smart ferral pigs.maybe we should elect them to congress

I think the cheapest way is to give Chinese chiefs hunting license, and tell them it's "Organic Boar's Pork".On a more serious note, Boar meat cost like $10 per pound in NYC. Some intrepid entrepreneur should really take up on this opportunity.

They are as smart and in some cases smarter than dogs.Dont the Kardashinas count as feral pigs as well ?

Yes they tear up the land and eat everything insight but why does the Goverment want to fund a Million Dollars to eliminate them the landowners can solve alot of the issue if they would just quit charging a fee to Kill something that is destroying their land and that has always been a issue (I have a pig problem and I will charge you $250 to Kill 1) well I guess you are going to continue to have a pig problem.

i 'll thank all federal and state pigs to stay off my property

If nothing is wrong with the meat and no harm can come out of eating it, How about using the meat to feed the hungry or animal shelters, instead of letting the meat rot

Just open it up to the Chinese restaurants and you are not going to see many of them running around.

They were introduced by Spanish explorers who later turned into Mexicans

We raise domestic pigs on factory farms that are terribly inhumane and create a huge amount of waste and sewage that pollutes our waterways. Why not hunt down the wild ones, shoot them humanely and use their flesh for food and cut back on domestic pork. If there are actually that many of them out there they should supply a reasonable amount of pig flesh for those who want to eat pork. This should prove to be a fair game animal for the hunter.

they need help stoping the pigs and keep riseing the price of out of state tags not very smart id love to go shoot more of them but i wont pay out the butt to do it

I bet a tourist agency in Korea would make a lot of money selling tours with aHunt and Eat theme!  Really, I am serious.

Open season on pigs. Killum eatum !!!Instead of hunters shooting at wolves and mountain lions, both animals who can hunt these hogs down, why not let the hunters have a no limit bounty?

wow they have taken over texas.  texas must be smart.  I hope they work their way up to dc, where they are needed most.

They should immediately be given amnesty and allowed to eat up all of the food and take over all the land of the American people.

I need my BACON please don't kill my BACON just harvest it for me and cure it for the food stamp, section8, 47% people

"send the lowest ranking member in first to check for danger"..sorta like we humans....

Perhaps we should elect them to federal office. They seem to be smarter than our Congress and President.

Seems like a great time to open up a chain of barbecued pork stands, supplied by local hunters and butchers, along the major highway routes.

This shows you how stupid the government is. Put an open season on them with no restrictions and the problem is cured!!

We here in Mexico eat far more pork than beef.Are they edible?

I'm surprised the libs aren't working on a way to offer them amnesty!Why does this cost 1M? Just let some dogs loose on them, or announce open season on these pigs and all the hicks will do it for free.

PILOUSI AND FIENSTEIN ARE FERAL SWINE !

Here's a deal for you ...I'll take care of the feral pigs for NOTHING if you get the pigs out of Washington!!

Just round em all up and dump/drown them in a river like China does...lol

Only our government, eradicate feral pigs by outlawing the rifles originally designed to hunt them.

I could kill alot of pigs for $1million dollars.

As someone who has experienced the destructiveness of domestic pigs I shudder to imagine the ruination caused by feral pigs. Pigs will dig until they "find" what it is they are looking for, usually the juicy tender roots of any plant that catches their fancy. I have seen their holes as deep as eighteen to twenty inches, and two to three feet wide. In addition, pigs are very clean animals and only do their business in designated spots.

In a lot of the country feral pigs have gotten so brazen they're wearing uniforms and shooting humans!

Is this all this government knows how to do with my tax money is kill our wildlife?  Karma is definitely coming back to get our country.  It will either come that we will have no animals left and will starve or the animals will start attacking us.  Watch you'll see.  What goes around comes around.

Kill the pigs and feed the poor!!!! Cut back on welfare checks and have the recipients come once a month and get all the pork they want. Someone will figure a way to scam the system&gt;hogs did  1.5 billion in damages,  humans did 1.5 trillion in damages last year!

35Remington works fine on them.

Man I smell Bacon!!

The Feds can't win the war on drugs.  What makes them think they can win the war on pigs?

One bus from Louisiana and one from Mississippi will take care of the problem.

Round all the Pigs up and send them to Muzzie countries for free

Sounds just the Dems at the public trough. We need to get rid of all of them.

Build a drone that will lift a male and female into enemy countries. Billions of dollars saved.

pig dynasty ?

If they where to get rid of the farel pigs in this county we would not have a police force.LOL, rather than this being a problem, I see a delicious opportunity...

so why not put radio callers on female pigs, sterilize them, put them in other areas to find the pigs...then give the hunters radio/gps to find the pigs.get butchers to offer to prepare the pork at low cost.....free to the poor like they do venison in St Louis

I notice they are mostly taking over Red States. Smarter than a repub . huh?

They should spend that million to curb a population of politicians

Obama supporters

I don't get all this talk about high capacity magazines.  If you can't take one out with one shot you've got no business hunting.  If you can get off two good shots before they scatter, you're damn lucky.  Also, a .223 is probably OK for a piglet or a youngster, but a big boar or sow is going to require a bigger round.

Are they Eatable? If so seems EVERY Southern BBQ specialists should be out there getting the limit????

If we could just find a way to give them a legal path to citizenship, it would take them out of the dark &amp; make them open, productive, taxpaying members of our society.  I seem to recall that argument has been used before..so gee whiz, why not try it here?

tell the illegals if they bring 10 in dead they can get free heathcare for a year.............problem solved !!!

Leave them be, that is all we are going to have to eat when Obama creates the food shortage.We need to exploit their intelligence. Import them to inner cities to raise test scores. Elect them to office to raise the average I.Q. of politicians.  Have them work on solving the bacon shortage problem (everyone always wants more bacon).

I grew up in Florida we trapped and hunted hogs year round. Trapping is the best way to get most hogs and the best bait is the hogs themselves. For fool proof trap send me $20 dollars and I will send plans. Hog hunting is more fun than a bucket of tadples.

We could have armed groups hunting down feral, tax cheat republicans for bounties.

Wipe them all out, maybe it will lower the price of bacon.

we should shoot the pig in d.c

Don't they have existence right also?

I see some hams and pork bellies smoking in the smokehouse.

lets feed the liberals to the hogs, it would be great cuz they dont like guns....ever see what a hog will do to a human when its hungry....ha ha

With the technology we have I can't believe we can't find these pig and control them.

What!?! $1M socialist dollars to another commie-con state? Why can't you socialists pay for it yourselves? Charge TX for it...sounds like they are the #$%$ that freed all these wild pig and caused your problem. But I don't want to pay for it. Pay for it yourselves you socialist commie-cons. You all have guns right? You are all unemployed mooching white trash socialist welfare dependants....make people kill them for their socialist welfare. Problem solved.Substitute Liberals for pigs in the article.

wow, literally spending 'pork' on ridding country of out of control pork.  do the feds really need to be involved in this?  give a bunch of rednecks guns, tell them, shoot pigs.  pretty federal funding free to me.  yet, somehow, sequester has to cut soc sec and military benefits before cutting this program?  hmmmm.

Free pork chops for all

just let hunters to take care of it.

And ruin Palins family reunion

Substitute "illegal immigrants" for "pigs" in this article and we might have something worth doing.

Get Dog the bounty hunter to have his hog sniff out the problem!

obama is feral swine

This is what happens when ranchers poison coyotes and shoot wolves - the natural predators who are plenty smart enough to track down and eat them!  Now, the problem with reintroducting wolves would be that their population would bloom with the abundance of food.

year around pork chops via the federal and state government for the PO!I've seen a lot of them by the road setting up speed traps.

"The plan calls for building special traps"  Their special trap ought to be an open season, bounties and hunters armed with a 180 grain 30-06 bullets.

Coming soon: P.L.A.O.A...pig lovers assoc.of America...Dont forget, Pigs have rights too !(like a prime spot on the BBQ...)

watch the kardashians and learn from the experience

May I suggest a state-wide roundup like they did with the pythons in Florida in conjunction with a state-wide barbeque?  Feral pigs are just as delicious as pen-raised pigs.

The answer is? Free pork no license require.

Most liberals are feral pigs-can we declare open season on them-Please!

As for New Mexico, who gives a chit about lesser prairie chickens and lizard population? I don't care to eat either of them. FREE BACON!!!! PIG ROAST!!!!! I don't kill something I'm not going to eat...

CHOOT 'EM.....

Last week, the Feds gave $1.5 million to find out why Lesbians are overweight. This week they give $1 million to eradicate feral hogs. Couldn't we combine the two?This article was not too smart to put in print, the pigs will probably read it. LOL!!

Is the author referring to Michelle Obama as feral ?

They are good to eat but you have to know what you're doing when you are cleaning them. They are extremely dirty creatures.Tom

Is there any program in this country that addresses problems before they reach critical mass and cost a huge amount more to fix?

Sorry, but this proposal is federal spending.  You know the GOP does not approve of federal spending.  CUT THE SPENDING.   Well, they do still approve of raises for themselves and their staffs, but no other spending.

Big man Pig man a-ha charade you are.  Just had to say it

And if the Judas pig loses it's voice, would it become disgruntled?

Feral pigs??? Are they talking about the obuma's

the farmers and ranchers complain about the hogs doing damage to their property but try to get the owners to let you on their property to hunt without a $600 and up fee,with out the fee they would probably get rid of most of them ,heard their really good eating but it"s cheaper to go buy it at the store ,so let them keep their hogs

Maybe Feinstein will ban them.  Yeah, that should do it.  Oh wait, she IS one!lots of good solutions from commenters.  doubt any of them will come to pass because the government usually has the final say in these matters.  the majority has very little say.

I'd rather kill the pigs in congress... they do more damage to the country than a pig. If you need to kill these pigs you should still do it humanely. Another man made problem.

shoot-em all

How about an annual statewide BBQ???

i will come out and shoot some for fun. but wild hogs will attack you.watch out for arkansas razorbacks also.

catch them and dump them in mexico they sent us pigs lets give them some back

Bunch of #$%$ with guns should be able to handle this. How is this a problem in Texas of all places.

Get some scientist to create a chemical that when ingested will cause sterility in pigs.  Spray it over areas where the pigs are known to live, but away from populated areas or commercial pig farms.  Anything they eat that has been sprayed will make them sterile.  They won't know there is anything wrong until it is too late.  If they can't reproduce, they will die out over the next several years.

It's IMPOSSIBLE to control wild pigs.  Forget about hunts.  I noticed the article didn't mention Florida.  Probably because we have organized hunts, and they do nothing to control the population.  They're classified as an invasive species in Florida, which means it's open season on them.  But, just like the so-called python hunts only a tiny fraction are killed.  Usually, you never even see one let alone kill one.  I think it's great that they are trying to use scientific methods but I would bet the pigs will adapt so fast that their efforts will be useless.  They have HUGE litters every couple of months.  Farmers should get donkeys.  Donkeys hate canines - hopefully they don't like pigs.  But usually I only see cattle farmers with donkeys.

i live in s.e oklahoma new law passed recently that you can use helicopters and shotguns to kill them, 1st day close to 200 kills, I say we feed them to all the animal activists that think this is cruel, pretty bad when a coyote won't eat them!You know that hunters would pay to hunt these guys.  The state would make money.

Time to do a feral pig drop into Iran...sort of like seeding the fields.  We can observe how they go about eradicating their sworn religious enemy.  We can then adopt these techniques in our country.  Problem solved.

Muslim don't eat pork, so round them up, cut them up, marinate the hell out of them with spices from India, then ship them to Iran, Talibans, two faced ungreatful Afgans, Al queidas in Iraq, Mali...then tell them it's  a gift of goat meat from A hole Allah, after they finish the meat, then we'll tell them what they actually are.

As a wild pig myself, I object to this project.

Um, those intelligent pigs will be reading this and taking copious notes.

Can a special fencing be designed that extends x number of feet underground to block pigs digging underneath?

Man, they're way overthinking this.  It's simple, when you see em, shoot em.  Then you skewer em and rotate em on a spitWhen there's a fly in my house I don't stalk it or study it, I swat it.

Maybe if the aspca didn't kill off all the real game dogs they would have some predators but they want to fool you with micheal vick while they illegally killed over 3000 of the finest game dogs that would tears those hogs limb from limb

Let's get those pigs and just maybe we can afford to eat bacon again...We could always blame it on Obama...somebody has to take the blame

Shoot every one of them you see,when you see it.Very dangerous animals and so destructive.Eat anything and then some.I like the idea of a bounty,give people some more incentive to shoot the things.the pigs are good to eat,most of them have breed with domestic breeds anyway

i kill about 10 per year in south ga,with the aid of dogs,keeps my freezer full

They need to go, however, I am sure Betty Lou and her honey are feeding them and watching them daily and someone is hugging a tree next door. They are an invasive species and need to go. I will sign up just for sport. There are so many people out there that think that all living breathing things deserve to live, I don't think people understand exactly how dangerous a wild hog is. People say that dogs and what not are inhumane well, pigs are smart, if they need a good team to run them down then so be it. They produce like rabbits! Go get 'em boys! This is a good reason for a mini 14. I am sure Obama has a subsidy plan for those pigs however! I say make BACON!!!

They're edible.

Time for a pig barbeque cookout!

This is the ONLY pork the government can cut and STILL have to pay a million dollars for it.

State and Federal employees have been trained.... this project is a complete failure just by reading this sentence.

Leave it to the Motor City Madman to come up with the solution.  Google Ted Nugen Aporkalypse.

just buy 1 million dollars in bullets for hunters one bullet is still cheaper then a 400 dollar cage that maybe will catch  50 pigs at most in a year , on over billion 500 million dollars damage each year ! I think this is what the government  should use drones on! at least these cowards against the constitution,  in a military arcade room  get to kill something  American instead of American people

Spending a million dollars to rid of porkThank goodness we have the money...WHEN IS OBAMA GOING TO OPEN OUR HOUSE????????

and all that good food goes to waste...

And the answer is........DRONES

Out of cuntroll fascist guterment bullsheeeeeeting the slaves to death

Send in the Army,Marines and National Guard to shoot them,simple and it works.try it.

*Hears Green Piggie Squeal*

So much for a low profile program.  Now the animal rights groups will weigh in demanding we feed them. Wild aconbay - yummy.

Does PETA know about this plan?

To bad it doesnt actually say "Federal Pigs". . .  I was intrigued!!!!!

Where is Ted Niugent when you need him?This is exactly the time for gun enthusiasts to test their skills, have fun, and indirectly help farmers control these these destructive varmints. LaPierre and his minions should be unleashed upon these beasts, somebody call him.

Tell the Chinese that pigs are an endangered species and an aphrodisiac.  Problem solved and the pigs will be hunted to extinction in no time flat.

None of that matters. Most privite land owners dont want anyone hunting on there land. I live just outside King City California and I dont know of any ranchers that want anyone hunting on there land. Most of the hogs are not on public land. Even on Fort Hunter Liggett. The rate of kills per hunter is very low and the good areas that border Privite lands you must pay a guide that is picked by Fort Hunter Liggett hunters station to hunt those areas and its a lot of money. I would be more then happy to take some pigs off someones land but no one is willing.

Feral Hogs are not the only  non native animal that was introduced to this country and has taken over.

Send Honey Boo Boo's mother after them. She could eat a herd in one sitting.

Since they're smarter than politicians, we should teach them the constitution and send them to Washington D.C.  None of the pigs in D.C. have figured out how to read it.

im down to go kill them ive shot them before and they tast wonderfull but they are mean buggers

Farmers need to advertise and also be willing to open their lands up...It only takes a dozen inaccessable acres for a whole army of hogs to hide in as hombase while destrying everything around it

Sounds like a job for super Drones. flying thru the nite looking for heat sources. Then switching to armed mode and swoop in and kill the whole herd. computers should be able to separate the pigs from other animals. good job for a peace time Air Force. Marines could do the clean up. Army transport and support.If we have gun control, how we going to shoot the pigs? A use for 30 shot clips.Next the government will say its a plot to destroy gun control.The 7.62 x 59 or x 64 would be good rounds, the smaller .223 is too light, pigs are tougher than humans.

On the next episode of "Pig Dynasty"...  Cleatus and Rufus hide out at a notorious 'porking' lot and wait for the herd to enter the killing fields, right after a new episode of "Liberals Lunatics" check local listings for times..Here's why you're having problems: You're asking New Mexico's land commissioner, a politician, how to solve the problem. Politicians can't fix anything. They only make it worse.And then there's this:"Billy Higginbotham, a *wildlife specialist at the Texas A&amp;M AgriLife Research Center* said: "What we're simply trying to do here is not even use the word "eradication: but to think in terms of managing the damage."No, just eradicate the pigs.Here's how to fix the problem: First, read this sentence from the article:"...rooting up crops and suburban gardens...and turning watering holes into pigsties."  That's where the pigs go. They have to eat and drink.  So do this:1. Relax all hunting rules, regulations, permits, bag limits, etc.2. Import a bunch of good ol' boys from the Deep South.  Tell them to bring all their firearms, because it's open season on feral pigs in New Mexico.3. Give them all the outdoor grills, BBQ sauce, and charcoal that they need.The problem with the feral pigs will be gone within two weeks, maximum.And before you screaming liberals start quoting this line about how "smart" the pigs are: "They're much brighter than I am," said Ray Powell,New Mexico's land commissioner."  Realize that the pigs are smarter than a *politician*.  But that's not hard to do.  A cheese sandwich is smarter than most politicians.

Start in south LA

I thought it said Federal Pigs... and laughed.

Finally, A plan to get rid of the current US congressmen..... 1 million bucks well spent

Put a $100 bounty on them and let taxpaying hunters do what they do best-solve over crowding of various species.  The bounty would get even more hunters out looking for them..Have a big PIG shoot, like Floridas big snake hunt. I am #$%$ the Fed has trained Federal and State workers to do it probably costing us $2000 a pig having to  pay Fed/State workers kill them..and who wants smaller government ???

Has anyone put a bounty on each hog killed ?

"Sport hunting pressure alone IS NOT enough to stop a population from spreading. We did in my part of Louisiana using horses and dogs

Spider PIG, Spider PIG. Does whatever a Spider Pig does..Till you plant a 30/30 shell behind it's ear... Look out, there goes the Spider PIGGGgggg

sounds to me like a job opportunity. the marines trained me how to shoot and my skills so far have been wasted on deer.

we need to train the pythons to take out the pigs....well i guess the pigs would eat the pythonsThat is why I NEED A 30 + ROUND MAGAZINE!

Whoa someone is paying a million bucks to take out the Kardashians?  Whoops nevermind I read that wrong.

Talk about your misleading headlines. I was suckered in here thinking it was a story about Michell Obamas night life.

There's always the Ted Nugent method of population control of feral hogs.......spraying them with  machine gunfire from a helicopter.

It wouldn't be so bad if the state and local governments would loosen up hunting restrictions. In many states, you can't hunt pigs after dark. You also can't hunt them in many areas. The pigs are smart, they know this and live in many of those areas only coming out after the sun goes down.

I know of a way to round them all up. I'll tell you.....WHEN PIGS CAN FLY.

A $10 reward per pig and NO LIMIT season...$10 x 100,000 pigs equals $1,00,000.00 and will for sure remove 100,000 pigs...not just study them

The Federal Government is killing wildlife, Pigs. I guess they run short on horses. Anyway I guess the government wants to save that Sand Lizard. They must belong to the same reptilian family. Watch out folks, we may have to many people soon, then what will they do ?

I've eaten wild boar and it tastes fantastic.They eat a natural diet compared to farm raised pigs.Wild boar is very lean.Hunters go at them.

First the pigs, then the Republicans, and then anybody that elitists define as "refusing to serve Obama and therfore worthless as people'.... soon elitists will redefine everything and choose the course of life for all mankind - freedom is but an obstacle to total control.I'm  sure they can be used in the zoo's. Charge people extra to watch the lions and tigers feed on them.

This sure could be a good source of food for the needy ,to many that are shot  are left to waste.With any program there should be a recovery program to feed the needy.

Be thankful you are at the top of the food chain today. Do what you must to keep it that way. It's nature..it's the law...you are a fool to believe otherwise.

i shoot the heck out of them in florida. it is alot of fun and they are everywhere. i barely deer hunt anymore, cause there is no limit on these suckers.

I have seen many different groups of 30 or more wild hogs here in my part of Texas.  Multiple 30 round clips for my AK are required to kill these hogs and save our land.  Please don't tell me that I don't "need" a military type rifle with large magazine capacity.  Live your life and I will live mine.  May God Bless America and all of our freedoms. Don't try to take them away from me.

moooochelle is in hiding now.

If they could find some sort of birth control and lace it into really tempting foods, the problem will slowly solve itself. It works with pidgins in Venice. It would take the pigs natural lifespan, but they would slowly die of old age without reproducing.

Give gangtas something to shoot at .....

I misread the headline.  I thought were going to take out "federal" pigs.  John Boehner, your safe for now.

So how are hunters suppose to help with dangerous ferrell pigs when all the guns have been banned?There are going to spend a million dollars to come up with a plan to stop them from gaining a foot hold in other areas,,,,, Just like the goverment  always to late, they everywhere now.

The reason they have overun Texas is because many hunters do more damage to property than the pigs so the land owners have ceased allowing hunting on their property unless a hunter wants to pay a fortune for the privilege.  Come on you wreckless hunters, you are ruining things for the rest of us.

You sure they're not talking about Mexicans? They look about the same and steal day and night.

with millions of dollars spent for lawyers,jails,priceless debt of lost loved ones.  how about a million dollar project to eliminate all the gangs,street thugs with guns,baby daddy,s.  this well make america beautiful once more.

Mobs of teenage boys with guns.

1 million dollars in ammo and problem solved.  That is about 3 million 223 rounds.

WHAT the kargashions have spread their legs in new mexico, that sucks

why do we give out food stamps when all this pork is running around free for the taking? let the hoodrats use their stolen guns to hunt thier own dinner.

send the homeless and welfare recepients out after them.they will get them once they become hungry enough

Did the come from Wall Street?they make for a great hunt.. need to declare open season on them.. just let us go get them all the time.. a bounty would make it even better...

guess you have to live in a blue state to get help with this problem and now we can not buy bulletsObam is satan

please don't shoot the cops... oh wait...

It will cost much more than a million dollars to take care of our federal pigs.

there are far more pigs then that ever herd of the gop.

Here's an idea, open year round hunting and instead of paying the government fat cats buy the carcasses. I think it's funny that there are attempts to eradicate them in New Mexico. What's your next bright idea put up signs to stop the pigs and put up a fence, oh wait we can't put up a fence or check IDs, Holter will sue us. Of course if they don't have to add government employees we'll all save money.

Think how many hungry people could be fed with 5 million feral pigs!

if you can take photos of them you can darn well shoot them. This is about the hundredth photo I've seen of live PIGS  and none of dead pigs. Take an AK47 or AR15 with you and take photos of dead ones next time...plz

$1M is $1,000.00$1MM is $1,000,000.00

Got bacon?My goodness, we have hungary people and  unwanted pigs.  The government should spend the money getting the food to the people, not studying the pigs.

WHY DO WE HAVE A SHORTAGE OF BACON, THEN?????USA of BACON!!!! Open Season!!

All pigs end up as "bacon", so what's the problem, are they out-running bullets,are they the flyin' ones,(I did see one on a plane)what's the problem,have you tasted wild pig..man please,Road-Trip Time....

I've been boar hunting numerous times. Although they are pretty intelligent they are pretty easy to hunt.

Yes, that is kind of the problem with tax dollars.  Everybody is happy to use federal money to solve the problem.

people are starving all over the world and we complain about an over populated supply of ham

saw a tv reality show where they come and capture and RELOCATE them.  why not shoot them and let the gov. spend money to process the meat and give it to anyone who wants it.   oh, i forgot,, that approach requires common sense

HaHaHa! The feral pigs are smarter then the Red State nit wits.

Invest in a team of pit bulls and train them to guard and protect crops. They are efficient hunting dogs. A single dog will not make a kill by itself as it needs others to distract the pig while the others tackle it. Be prepared to lose some dogs too. Pigs can rip open any attacker.

Bleed them out, put the blood in a vat, dip all military bullets in it, shoot Towelheads !are they talking about our politians? thought thet were but then saw where thet sais the pigs were smart  that left out all politions

Perfect justification for more hunting.  I would pay to hunt those things-  mmm bacon.

The pig on those GIEGO commericals is smart too, is he a feral pig?

New reality show "ARE YOU SMARTER THAN A FERAL PIG"

"far-am-yeew"

Get the drone out with sidewider missles. Let's kill the pigs, because they are too smart to stay alive.

Pack them up and let them loose in Iraq, Afganistan and Iran. You figure out the religious implications.

i smell bacon

Pigs are mobile, not always smart.  I've been out target shooting, with some friends with large caliber rifles and the pigs still cruise by!  They do manage to go across our line of fire when ALL of us are reloading--that's funny when we all wait for someone to at least get a shot in, and nobody does  Big bad hunters!  They move around a lot and can graze/forage at will.  There is way too much land for the Govt. to do it alone--let alone having strangers on your land.  I think trapping all the pigs possible and sterilizing/releasing the females is a good method.  Here in Texas I believe the Govt. could subsidise land owners with a certain minimal acreage with tools to fight the piggys.  By tools I mean, traps, thermal/night vision equip. for man and rifle, free ammo., pay people to hunt via a bounty per head that is respectable/worthwhile.  And the meat can be donated. The Govt/ spends billions on foreign countries that don't appreciate it.  Spend it here in the US to help the farmers/landowners!  People will find ways to knock down the pig population if it's worthwhile to work at it.

"They're much brighter than I am." That does not raise my concern coming from a New Mexico or Texas resident.delicious. i'll be having some of them cows, too.

the solution to hog problems...hire hmong people, they will extinct the hog population.  i've had problems with hogs in the past. got some hmong people together and let them hunt on my property 24/7 except sunday due state regulation here in NC.  problem solved! pig population on my farm is low and hardly any damages to last season crop!!!  the hmong are smart hunters and loves to eat pig.

there needs to be a round up of ferel politicians as well.

Sorry, but the government is buying up all the ammo. So, I guess we will have to put up with the problem.

Elusive? I do seismographic geophysical survey, or in other words gas and oil exploration, which means I work in places that are remote and sometimes still fairly wild with little human contact. On any given day in the field, I will see deer, #$%$, possums, rabbits, coyotes, and yes; feral pigs. I am not talking about a pig, I am talking about herds of the crazy critters, so they aren't so elusive.

Finally, a crakdown on welfare fraud.....hahaha!!!

I thought mexicans were the rpoblem?

And i thought this was the 'voting population' in red states.....

Me,my 30:06 and a salary of oh,say,$90,000 and I'll come work for you,as will a bunch of other excellent shooters and in a couple of months,you problem could be on supermarket shelves.

"They've taken over Texas...". What? I've lived here for 30 years and I've seen exactly 2 feral hogs other than ones I've hunted for. Some take over.The solution is simple. Just make the pig roaster go full boar.  Or sell those hogs at auction in a porking lot. They may be smart, but they can't even tie their own shoe laces.  They're too ham-fisted.

Using the cover of darkness, feral pigs have learned to outsmart even the most seasoned hunters....... Did they Moo instead of Oink? Hunters aren't known for their wits.

rats i thougth they were going afther fat  cat  republicans

Forget "stalk and trap".Night vision scopes and silencers on an evil AR-15

Forget "stalk and trap".Night vision scopes and silencers on an evil AR-15

in the 1920's,in the phillipines,gen. george pershing was haveing trouble with muslims attacking them and causing havoc.when he captured a bunch of them,he lined them up in front of a fireing squad,had his soldiers dip their bullets in pork fat,and executed all but one of them.he let that one go,and told him to tell the rest what happened.he never had another attack by muslims.muslims believe they cain't go to alla,if they have swine on any part of their body.we could eliminate our problem with muslims,almost overnight if we employed those type  tactics,and with a little imagination,others,useing pork.sounds simple,but if they want to go to alla bad enough to do suicide bombings,pork would be a good deterent.but that will never happen in this politically correct world.

Feral pigs have already taken over Texas, yeah but they seem to prefer Walmarts and all-you-can-eat buffets  down here

The meat harvested from wild pigs would be loaded with trichonosis worm in its dormant or live stages. It's still incurable isn't it?  Extremely painful slow death as far I I know. Cook the meat very well done- pressure cooker 25 pounds of pressure.

if they think a million dollars and a years time is going to put a dent in the population, they got another thing coming. these pigs breed like rats. we have been fighting them in Texas with year round hunting, no bag limits, state funded hunting tournaments, state contracted exterminators, and recently Texas passed a law allowing civilians to hunt them from helicopters. GOOD LUCK NEW MEXICO!

This is just the start you pig hating bazturds.  We are fighting back and will be eating you before long.send in the mexicans and the pigs will be taco meat and chicharon real fast

Don't worry, Obama will send them a tersely worded letter to leave and Biden will fire a couple of warning shots into the air from his shot gun....

ArR-15 silencer and night scope Yah baby

How about a national barbecue

It's called evolutionary adaptation and the pigs are winning. The Spanish brought them here when they attempted their first conquests of North American around 1503. 500 years to adapt and evolve survival strategies.

I worked on a resort and some of the Golf Course employees set up a sting on some pigs that were tearing up the greens. They killed several hogs and those jokers never returned until the next summer. They cured and cooked the meat and brought some in for lunch one day and the meat had this dirt taste. It was so tender but I could not get that taste out of my mouth for at least two days.

I say put a bounty on them .Your problem well be over. within 2 years and keep the bounty in years to come

jimmy cater peanut butter,ronald regan cheese,barack  obama pork  go figure.........................

Yes these hogs are good to eat.  You just need a good processing plant, which most states do not have,  to take care of the meat.  You need hunters and retrievers to get the kill to market.

No closed season, no limit. Fire up the Q!Trap them and send the to Denver where they will live happily ever after

personaly i would sugust you ship the pig,s to washinton dc im shure thay would be smarter then those we have no choice to send thire

time to call billy the exterminator

It's the Pigs War on People

No matter if we have a open season for them i'm sure the PETA will have something to say about this..... People Eating Tasty Amimals

One of these days some hunter is going to leave their rifle leaning on a stump, not paying attention, and one of those hogs is going to learn how to use it and they will go hog wild!

It is easy to see that most of the commenters here have no knowledge of these animals.  We do hunt them here in Okla. and this artical is right on the money for their inteligence.  They cannot safely be eaten until blood and tissue samples have been tested.  You might shoot one out of a herd but the rest scatter too quickly to get a second shot most of the time.  You will never get a third shot and a big boar or sow will attack when a young one squeals from being shot.  They are very quick and fast and they are almost impossible to find in the daytime except with a helicopter.  I have been on these hunts with dogs as well and unless the dogs are protected with armored vests, they will often be killed.  This is a very tough problem to deal with.

Line up One Hundred Hunters with Assault Rifles and just do the Left Right Left Right Shooting as they go. Stop all the Preserves from Breeding Hogs to be released into the wilds. Allow for some of the Professional Hunters to establish the Hunts and Keep the supply of Ammo, Water, and Food for the teams to end the problem !

If they would just put half the amount of effort towards stopping illegals we could actually put a dent in it.

They are in south east missouri and there is a shoot to kill permission by the DNR here. I haven't seen their evidence yet but they are shooting them a few miles from my house.Have they no natural predators, or have humans already eliminated them?

Somewhere in New Mexico, a pig has just learned how to read.  In a few months they'll be running the internet.

Night time practice mount nightvision on a drone that is armed with missles. pigs will not learn anything as they will not see or hear anything coming,and Obummer can give out medals, expert marksmen, super sniper, evasive maneuvers from flying pig meat. Maybe a PAR (Pig Action Ribbon) He will find some name worthy of a medal

I suggest using the skins off of a couple of them to wrap Jonathon Pollard in and ship him back to his blood sacrificing homeland.  Dammit, if only they could catch a few hundred herds of 'em live.... to make the trip with him.

Hope that money includes enuf for charcoal briquettes and a few gallons of BarBQ sauce. Might as well benefit from a bad situation. Maybe some pulled pork?

I will spend UN-GODLY amounts of your money, by raising your Taxes higher than the debt ceiling to solve the pig problem. Dont worry someone else will pay for it not me or my chosen race hahhahhaaaaa

Maybe they should try giving away free or very low cost hog permits to out of state hunters, with no bag limit. That should provide a large influx of hunters to help control them. Most states charge a fortune for out of state hunting licenses. If they made it affordable, hunters should flock to NM to hunt wild pigs. Problem solved!

Thes pigs can be controlled, just hire Israel prime minister and his past cabinet.

Bring on the Bacon !!!

COCHON DU LAIT ~!! LOUISIANA COULD HELP, A LOT !!I think the word eradication is the right word. "completely"

If they're that smart, they're already monitoring this discussion board.  Nobody say anything about "acon-bay".

If we have such a big pig problem why is bacon so expensive??

makin bacon

break out the ar-15's

why have industrial pig farms? why don't we just eat wild pigs? organic and tasty...

It should declare feral pigs' hunting season open all the time and let all hunters to kill all they want and make meat available for commercial use as feral burger as specialty fare and charge accordingly.

This can not happen, we must put a ban on feral pigs!

They are very hard to get and shoot. You have to have a great horse that doesn't get spooked easy and can shoot on horseback. Its also fun to go on 4 wheelers and such. The meat is a little different than domestic pigs, it is very tuff.

This little piggy went to the market. and this little piggy went to NMThey must be related to corporate America .

feed the hungry.

I thought the project involved a giant slingshot and several furious birds.

Here's a suggestion.. Let Sarah Palin put lipstick on all of them. THEN they'll be easier to spot.

Americans are great at eradicating species.. see buffaloes, passenger pigeons, wolves, etc etc... certainly we can put a bounty on feral pigs and eliminate them.

wow...what a great idea... use the pigs for military training snipers marksmen and basic training all would benefit..

If you don't like the way they taste, leave them for the coyotes... There will be nothing left but bones with a couple of days...

Wild hogs are non-native species, and were brought over by the Spaniards in the 1500s and 1600s.  They are non-indigenous and wreck havoc on ecosystems and eat the food supply of native wild animals, e.g., deer.  They will literally chase deer away from food supplies.  They are sexually mature at 6 months, reproduce twice per year, and average six piglets per litter.  In one year, 30 hogs can result in a herd of 360 hogs.  If you're shooting one hog per day, you're not hardly putting a dent in the problem.  If you see a herd of hogs and are fortunate enough to shoot and kill one, the entire herd scatters and, if you're in a wooded area, they'll remain hidden for days.  Thus, hunters absolutely need high capacity magazines for their semi-automatic weapons.  Let me suggest to the city-slicking liberals: stop spewing your ignorance about things you know ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ABOUT... especially about things that have a direct impact on those living in non-urban areas.

"Getting rid of the pigs" This statement can't lead to good things for those unarmed pigs...

every time i think about hunting pigs,i find out you can't unless you pay an outfitter,i am in for a no charge pig hunt any timeAll of they huggers don't understand that they have tusks, bad attitudes and will eat you !Even domesticated pigs will make a snack out of anything they can. It's not Wilbur out there it's a eating machine and they will do it to pets, kids and anything else it can.

Let people hunt for them when ever how ever its just another food supply let people use these so called assault rifles that there trying to ban and actually put them to good use and take them out a few at a time

Theirs a full open season here in Texas but it does,nt make a dent in the problem.Just call it a #$%$ vacation to go and kill pigs

coming to theaters near you: Planet of the Pigs (Porcine Planet).

High velocity lead seems to work more often than not.

We can't get rid of  the pigs in Washington DC....what makes anybody think it can be done anywhere else??

Don't forget about the Feral Pigs in Washington D.C..............

Oh yeah, let's kill the pigs to make more room for more illegals.

1 Million. This will be just like all the money being spent looked for the Ivory Billed Woodpecker. Scientist really got one over on the government that time.

Arkansas law says that you can hunt them at anytime on private land, but on WMA or leased land you have to hunt them during a regualtes hunting season for other game and use the same guns you would use for that game. In other words you can hunt them during deer season and use the gun you use for deer or if you are hunting birds you have to use a shotgun. Make it a year round open season and any gun. Pay me a grand a week and put me up someplace and I will come to New Mexico and hunt them all day long.Vepr is and ak 47 made for hunting. the name Vepr means wild pig in Russian. put on the bounty and give Veprs as a prize for the most shoot in any month.

Any "feral" animal is prone to and/or carry many diseases that can be serious or fatal when these hunted animals are consumed by humans. In this era of struggling to put food on the table, these feral pigs would seem to be another food source. NOT a good idea.

your honor, man......i dig pigs.....my old lady's a pig.

Where are the animal lovers at. Can't believe their not #$%$ about this.

Feral pigs? ..... Sounds like a description for big government.

@Nobody - very good point:  lot of zoo's could use that meat. lions love pork.Lots of places could use that meat, animal rescue centers, animal rehabilitation programs.

Takes a very good woodsman to find and kill a.wild hog.Yes they are smart,and they know man's habits better than we know his.

Takes a very good woodsman to find and kill a.wild hog.Yes they are smart,and they know man's habits better than we know his.

i would hunt them but they are smarter than a 5th grader

With all the advanced weaponry that we have in the USwould a special program have to be designed to get rid of them?  The armed forces can seek out camel molesters and take shots at miles away, why cant the pigs be used for target practice for these sharp shooters. Only In America do you have to design a new program to fix something like this. Where is Larry The Cable guy on this one? Or the start of a "Pig Dynasty"The reason why they are running amok is cause the people who are having these problems dont want to pay for an experienced hunter to come in and takle the problem. In NM, it aint hard for a pig to outsmart these people. They either have to pay up or lose out. The city, state, and local entities are not hired to terminate an infestation.

It goes to show that pigs here in the US are better off than the pigs in China.

Come on, just put an hunting open season for free. There are many ppl as I that will love hunt pigs.

How about feral blacks?

They Voted for Obama

And them they want gun control you need a high cap. semi auto rifle to hunt these pigs and they want to take then from the people they neeed hi cap.clips in these rifles not any lessor the pigs will be killing people next the goverment better wake up and smell the rosesbefore it is two late

I thought this was a federal program to crack down on "welfare fraud and abuse".   Unfortunately, we are just going to hunt down real pigs.

Possible food source if enough test negative for diseases.

I find it disturbing that only 1 short mention is made of diseases transferred to humans, and other wildlife.  With the number of cases of food poisining cases in the past few years attributed to the scattering of their feces on food crops, and the contamination of water supplies.

Funny, I watched a Wild Justice episode, and the CA Fish and Game busted a guy for  poaching a pig. Maybe they should read this article.Put some of the illegal Mexicans on it.   This is part of their culture.....

Pigs are very intelligent ; more so than most humans; question did they become wild ? Smart pigs !

Let hunters come and take these hogs. I am willing to pay a reasonable fee to hunt.

Hunters imported Eurasian boars for sport. Isn't that special.

I was thinking about feral humans. They have similar behavior. They're survivors too.

i've eaten them before and they taste fine. They are great with barbecue sauce. There's not a lot of meat on the smaller ones but they taste almost as good as regular ham.

$1M? What about sequestration?

We need to refer to the feral hog population as "Undocumented pork chops"

Plant  a deadly virus,that pigs can transmit to other pigs

I thought the article was about Sarah Palin and family.Take all the well fare people that don't want to work. make then hunt for pigs to eat. No food stamps, Pig stamps.  And you won't have to give them guns. They already have them. even I don't like this idea.

be progressive about this, wait until they are distracted and stab them with a scissors, you won't have any guns to shoot them with.

Sounds like most of the women hanging out in bars after midnight in the US -- smart, feral pigs

"They're much brighter than I am," said Ray Powell, a veterinarian..." Well, he said it, and sincerely.

Declare Feral pigs a nuisance and predator species,  have no limit, no season. Watch the problem disappear. Hell a good hunter could fill his freezer with pork for a year or two.

How about setting loose a few cougars that were all but destroyed by humans. Sorry, I am on the pigs side. We move into their backyards and then wonder why we have a problem. If you do trap them how about taking them to the processing plant for food. Why waste?

Damn! I just paid $800 to hunt them in Texas last weekend! In New Mexico they could pay me!

Government waste! Hunters will gladly pay to shoot them. Also, the poor people on food stamps should get to hunt them for free. Then at least they get up off the couch and do something.

Their smart than most humans and we want to kill them that makes a lot of sense.NOT .let them along you swine.

I smell bacon, pork chops, ribs, sausage.... yum yumThe worst kind of pigs are those who comment on articles such as these! Oink Oink - here piggy piggy - these are republicans har-har-har and Obama too!

how about a project to root out feral mexicans?

Wild pigs are great eating. New Mexicao is full of dumb ilegals that can't hunt to save themselves. If these Pigs were in other Southern States they be wiped out in a year.

Here is a good idea. Let them know about all the freebies that are given out in Washington, and fool all the uniformed pigs into moving in with the pigs in the White House. Then they can eat each other out of our house and home.

I also think that all the hogs killed should be Grade A inspected and distributed to soup kitchens around the nation!!

those mexican ranching &amp;farming towns south of albq,-betweenthere &amp; los Cruces n.m. most loose pigs around there are on a bbq. spit or in a bbq pit with plenty of tortillas &amp; pinto beans warming up near by; govt. shoots  pigs should butcher them for homeless  shelters;

The guy who is opening the slaughter house for HORSES in New Mexico should use it for dressing feral pigs for food for poor people instead &amp; leave the horses alone!

We can wipe out the buffalo, the wolf, the manatee, the wolverine and hundreds of other species that belong here, yet we can't get rid of pigs? Something wrong with this picture....

If you start making some useless product out of the pig hair, or making pigskin jackets and purses and other products that the dumbed down masses can be pressured into buying by big ads, big corporations will hunt these pigs to extinction in a year.

We need a program to eradicate liberal/progressive/socialist/marxist/demo"rats" as they are doing far more damage than any feral hogs. They are much easier to hunt and not smart enough to learn anything. All we need to do is open the season.....sounds like a "National Pig Roast" day forthcoming, YUM!!!

Hell if they're that smart, I'll take a 1000, &amp; turn them loose in DC.  Can they really do any worse?  It would be nice to be able to recognize the swine in DC anyway.

put a bounty on them, no license, no restrictions on how to kill them.  watch them disappear.  too simple though.  must have complicated solution for govt. to sponser. lol

not sure about other states but where i live the problem is the land owners not allowing hunting on their land without an extremely high fee. then when the population gets to where its doing damage because they don't allow free hunting then they cry to the government about how much damage is done to their land

New food source!!!! Wild bacon!!

Haa! I thought this was about the Federal Pigs in the TEA PARTY

Just open a few Chinese buffets nearby..you won't find a pig for miles.

What Federal Funds? What a bunch of bunk...Cut our National Defense and use it for pigs? Or passing the law the for a horse slaughter business here in NM? Hope My taxes are going  for better purpose than someone getting a "kickback" somewhere down the line...starting at the top!

If the government tries to solve the pig problem they'll just multiply..at a cost of $7 million per oinker.

Kill them all and use the meat to feed the worlds poor!!!! quit charging fees to hunt pigs and let anyone take one for the eating anytime they see one.Just one more reason my plan has merit.You trap a million or so pigs, ship them to the middle east to "provide a viable agricultural product" for the residents of that area and turn them loose.Should prove to be interesting

Teach the Texans to barbeque pork as well as beef. Problem solved.

with all the hungry people in the world, someone could figure a way to make use of this Free meat

Hope they can find some to ammo shoot the piggies.Oh wait A small army of state and federal employees have ammo.They bought it all up.

Notice how they are willing to bet 1million Federal dollars aka taxpayer dollars to try and eradicate pigs? There is no one willing to bet $1 million dollars to keep the white house tours open to our school kids but hell in NM they will gamble your money away. This is what is called PORK SPENDING.

animal rights groups are as much as a problem as the pigs

Time to nuke 'em.

Time for the old PORK CHOP!

They are considered delicacy in my country. Ship them here.

I think we have some new candidates for the federal food stamp program, hell...maybe they will be able to vote if they are so smart.Had some boar the other night.  Stringy.  If you have teeth like the James Bond bad guy Jaws, then it might be no problem.  The taste has to become overcome by smoking the stuff.  They say smoke it for 24 hours at least and its tender, but not my cup of tea.

whole lot of tasty meat for people without shelter and food.Do no just kill them, feed a family.I love eating boar meat when cooked with spicy indian gravy...

They are fun to hunt with a belt fed machine gun.

Breaks my heart.....

Unleash the big cats...

What a great setting to send in military snipers to do their thing and get some long distance training on something real, doing damage, and wiping them out will put tons of meat on the tables of the less fortunate.  Make it so that one doesn't need special licenses and tags and just make it open season for everyone/anyone to come and get as many pigs as they can. Long distance night shooting with night scopes may be the ticket if the government would lighten up on all their rules and restrictions where these pigs are concerned.

Unleash the big cats...

LETS BAN THEM!!!!!!

Obama says he's going to put a feral pig on every illegal immigrants table by Christmas!

LiberalsPut a bounty on them. Problem solved. You'll be surprised at how many new ways will be invented to catch these pigs when you dont charge people to buy a tag to hunt an invasive species. The question is are you trying to make money or remove the species? What's your true intent here?

But they are endangered !  So let them GROW !

If they just shoot them, that sounds like a waste of good bacon. :)

give me 1 mil, me and my #$%$ buddies will handle the "problem" and call it a vacation Obama style!!!

Here in California they charge $21.34 per pig tag to hunt pigs that are not listed as big game or any game for that matter. No limits (as long as you pay for each pig tag, no season, they're open all year) You used to be able to buy 5 tags for $15. For a non-game animal that almost all farmers, ranchers, ecologists and others want to get rid of, that's a pretty steep price, considering that the Fish &amp; Game Dept. does nothing to protect the pigs environment or enhance it or improve the pig habitat, like they do for ducks, geese, deer, elk and a few other real game animals. What's the fee for? They must not really want the pig population decimated like they claim. To them the pig is just another cash cow.

Pigs vs government employees.  Guess who will win!

First of all the hunters have to start taking out the sows not just the bores.  It is the same with the deer herd, when you take out the females the numbers go down.  Remember it only takes one male to mate with many femals, but only females have young.

These things sound terrible.  Thank goodness they don't have opposable thumbs.

Calling all NRA members !!!  Put   them guns in use  and  then donate  all porkmeats.

U.S.D.A. pork????i guess its better cheese or peanut butterTake off any bag limit &amp; inform hunters of free hunting areas or owners who allow night time hunting on their land &amp; you will get rid of all you need.Organization rather than millions of tax payers $ &amp; problem solved.

BBQ them and feed to the Homeless. Lot of appreciation.

"Their intelligence, in combination with their ability to mate year-round..."  If mankind could just synchronize this ability, we could solve all problems.

Hunters have transplanted piglets into new territories, creating the infestation. Commercial hunting and opening restaurant restrictions would put these delicious porkers on restaurant menus and reduce their numbers.

BBQ.. pork shack...... time to set up a restaurant

A huey with twin 60's and infrared.   Here comes my bacon and eggs.

Gotta comment here.   Louisiana has a nutria problem, right?  I called their fish and game department and was told it wasn't much use for me to come down there and hunt nutria because most of the land is private and getting permission isn't easy.    I'm guessing if any of us wanted to go to Texas hunt wild pig we'd find out we could get on private land but we'd have to pay the landowner.    I think its more like these dog rescue  places.... they won't let all the dogs get adopted....without any dogs it's hard to take in collections....    Without any pigs or nutria or maybe even pythons it's harder to take in collections from the federal government.     I'd be happy if I was wrong....does someone plagued by pigs or nutria want to invite me to help shoot them?  I'll even please the democrats and bring my shotgun

Just wondering if NM is a Democrat state ???  I'd have to look it up, but if I had to make a bet......Damned shame those blood sacrificers don't eat pork.  Those feral hogs would disappear quicker than those ex-land owning half brothers.

I have been hunting wild hogs all of my life and have killed alot of them. I noticed that alot of people on here that made the comment that the swine are smarter than the hunter got negative replies, well folks, it is a fact that the swine are smarter than most people that hunt them. People that listen to me when they hunt on my ranch get hogs, the ones that think hogs are just dumb animals go home empty-handed all the time.I don't raise hogs, but I know where and how they live. I always say that you can hunt 5 acres in one night and come home with the bacon or you can hunt 1000 acres and sound like the #$%$ going into Poland and come home empty-handed. We have killed all the dumb ones. All those gimmicks you buy at the sporting goods store are #$%$. You have to think like a predator to get the predator. You have to change your ways every single night because they do not have TV or smartphones to occupy their brains like humans and they have nothing better to think about than survival.I never buy meat at the store-I live off of pork. "Make pig, not war...when you run out of pig, make war on pig:-Schniggle Fritz 1997

export meat to ChinaDon't Shoot!!!!That is not a herd of pigs!!That is a meeting of New Mexico's Republican Party!!

Herd them toward Mexico.They were imported to N.Amer. in 1592 Ponce De Leon (Spain)

Why not find a way to fool the hogs into believing that all the females are in heat, then 'volunteer' a large number of politicians to go into the field in pig costumes to draw the males in for a little piggly wiggly. But don't shoot them until they've had their happy ending.

They wouldn't have such a problem in Texas, Florida, etc if they let people hunt them. They aren't that bad in New Mexico because they get hunted all the time. Texas is almost all private land and landowners want $100-$500 a day for the "right" to hunt hogs on their land, some even charge $100 per hog you kill. Doesn't sound like they want them gone too bad to me.

Bet the pigs don't know about Drones yet....BLAST EM....

Bacon! Bacon! Bacon!

YAHOO!! woo  woo!   Price of  babyback ribs going down.  YAHOO! HMMM love me some ribs!

Put a bounty on them and export them by the boat load to china.

Lets please do this the correct way hunt them, check them,and please donate to the poor or other 3rd world countries, this is good eating if cooked well.Please this would be the best and most humane way for a creature that just wants to live as do  we all .

We should track the pigs with Drones! We need Drones!Wow!!! They don't like anybody crossing into New Mexico.

Tennessee has tried to eliminate or at least control pigs via hunting. It was then discovered some "hunters" were restocking the wild pigs so they could continue to have good hunting! Now there are some relatively complicated rules restricting wild pig hunts to mostly just land owners. I am thinking maybe open season on the fools who are doing the restocking??.....

declare they have an aphrodisiac value,and they will be gone in no time!

Time to eat a few pigs, on the farm years ago, we ate wild pigs as well as most anything that moved. Good fishing as well. I missed those days. Good church service and good country food.

Yeah, I've got 'em on my 200 acres here in s/w Ga. Most of the time they are pretty smart, but occasionally when I'm out riding around on my electric golf cart I drive right up on 'em in broad daylight. Some of them will be sleeping and some browsing.

An AR-15 is an excellent weapon for hunting wild hogs...oh wait, thats right I forgot about the government wanting to ban ARs because they get up and kill people.

with the government looking to take all our guns we can hide with a bow and arrow behind a tree.

Wouldn't it make sense, with the whole world being under-nourished and underfed, to harvest these apparent pests, and sell, or donate, the meat to help feed the many starving people around the world? I am certain that, if a far less number of buffalo hunters were able to practically wipe out the population of buffaloes that was said to number around sixty million, as I have heard being bantered about, that the numbers of hunters available today in the USA, could bring the feral hog problem under control, even though hogs breed at a much higher rate than buffaloes.If a reasonable bounty was placed on the hogs for that purpose, I might take up hog hunting. I am retired and available, and a darn good shot. So are many other retired veterans who honed their skill sloshing through the mud and jungles of Southeast Asia. I welcome comments and opposing views. Some enterprising exporting entrepreneur should do a little brainstorming here.

Sounds like a job for the United States of Bacon.

the meat tasts great ,i am willing to go ther and hunt them down for room and board .the best hunting trip i'd ever haveJust another day in Washington DC.

Have an open hunting season and pay the hunters per hog by dropping the carcass off at a participating butcher. The meat gets donated to struggling families and the butcher gets reimbursed by the pilot program.

well if they think they can get rid of 5 million pigs they shouldnt have trouble getting rid of 11 million illegals. their not as smart as the pigs....

Put 'em on the menu.  Problem solved

Interesting there is no word about what will happen to all the meat from these animals. It would feed many needy people.  If politics won't allow it here, how about Somalia?

I recognize some of those.I have seen them on the news, liberal democrats.

We call it hunting in my area. Doesn't cost the government a dime.

Just like the government, tell the enemy what you're about to do so they can know in advance. Don't they know that these pigs can read too?!!

"Feral pigs have already taken over Texas"Now I understand.

Open up some of the prvite land were they hang out at because there is no pressure and then let em have it???? I am open any time for a pig kill????Just shoot one of those worming good foe nothing animals, let its carcass start getting cold and watch what comes crawling out of it and tou will not want to eat another one !

Can someone put up a video of one being skinned alive.The PETA pepople need something to cry about.

I hope they dont waste the meat ,Kansas has its share of them around here and they have given permits to hunt them till hunters split them up and each split created another pack .Then they were hunting them from helicopters.

So now we are paying for the government people to hunt hogs, while hunters here in Texas have to pay the land owners their self. More perks for our great government on our tax dollars.

Maybe the government will find it important to spend $2.5 Billion on a project to build solar powered pig robots that will actually breed with the feral pigs and electrocute them during the sexual romp.crybaby

At one point the Bay area in California had a bounty on them. You got 5 free tags and 5 bucks per set of ears you brought in. I got a bunch and donated the meat to a homeless shelter. The homeless ate REALLY good for a time. One sow and have 8 piglets twice a year. The new generation starts breeding after a year. So figure 8 breeding pairs a year from one sow! That 8 have 8 pair each year after the first year. That gives 64 pigs after a year from a single breeding pair. They breed for 10-15 years. Do the math and you see why they are taking over. They destroy the area and the native animlas starve. The feral pigs are NOT native whuch is why they have no natural predators.

Feral pigs are one reason we need high capacity clips for the ARs.

Been hunting feral hogs in New Mexico since 1985 in the Bootheel and around Logan. Good luck getting rid of them. You're wasting $1 million on this effort. The Nature Conservancy bought the Gray Ranch years ago and has tried for decades to rid their ranch in the Bootheel of feral hogs, to no avail.

Darn!  Sure sounds like today's Republicans to me!!Destructive, sneaky, filthy..... ugly.

Well I don't eat pork, but one humane way might be to use a sterilizer.  If pigs can't reproduce their numbers go down.  One way to give it to them is set out food piles laced with an appropriate substance.  It has been done with other animals, why not feral pigs.