So let me get this straight.  If I was citizen in Cypress, and deposited money into a savings account, it automatically lost 10%?  I'm not a finance guy, but it seems to me there is not a better way to completely destroy public trust in banks and decimate your finance industry.

-another one socked to the poor now just what would this globe do if it ran out of victims.

Coming to a United States near you...

The old mattress is looking safer and safer.

This is what we have done for the banks here, they just hid it as a bailout! Our tax money paid them very well and continue right now. No resistance here, because they didn't do it in your face. All the same kids. The banks are not broke, never have been, they lied. Imagine that?

The poor people who were in the middle of real-estate transactions and had collected on a sale and were setting up to roll into a purchase.  They are now relieved of 10 % of their downpayment.

FDR did the same thing. All it did was make people keep their money out of the banks and prolonged the depression.

Do you know who "chairs" the IMF? None other than Christine Legarde. Know who she is, where she comes from, and who put her at the IMF? She was a partner Baker &amp; McKenzie, a Chicago player in the Chicago oligarch circle jerk, put at the IMF by the Obama, et al regime and bankster oligarchy. This whole play is MF Global, on steroids. A Corzine/Obama blazed trail. And in the mean time, Obama regime cronies are openly declaring on national television that across-the-board private property confiscations are being regarded as "opening up enormous possibilities," with the pos oligarchs trying to call this a "tax". NO. Taxes are passed by legislatures. This is Cyprus being goaded, overseen and harvested by Christine Legarde/IMF and some German bureaucrats arbitrarily, forcibly confiscating private bank accounts. Any "law" passed ex post facto in Cyprus will merely be a show trying to make it appear that this is not the arbitrary tyranny that it is. If you have any money exposed to the financial system, you're just stupid. That's it. Bottom line.

It is only a matter of when(not if) one of the countries involved drops out of the EU.  ANy sane investor knows this and is planning accordingly.  WHEN it happens, anyone caught by suprize probably should not have been investing in foreign markets to begin with.

So, when does the rioting start?creating oceans of money is THEFT of the buying power and savings of the worker and yet the party sheep remain silent

The confiscation of Russian ex-KGB "black" money.

Sounds like a bunch of sadists are coming up with these "measures."  What's next, their first born daughters?