And tomorrow is the 1st day of Spring. I had to clear snow out of the driveway (again) and my daughter's school had a 2 hour delay. It wouldn't have been so bad if it wasn't one of those wet, heavy snowfalls. Oh, well. At least it wasn't the 34" we got the last storm.

I'm pretty sure it still snows in WI, MN, SD, ND, IA, NE and CO.But, when it's the east coast, it makes the news.

It was 86* here in S/E Louisiana yesterday....cut the grass....It's 77* so far today...Low humidity...   :~}

This is fact and how it's not the cars, emission gases, etc that is NOT going to cause global warming. It's the lack of trees! Increased carbon dioxide are what makes plants grow. They inhale CO2 and exhale oxygen. The acquired amount of trees that "eat" Co2 is a trillion trees. And, specifically, tropical forests. Which are being decimiated. So, if there's any blame here, it's the cutting down of forests and NOT replacing them, not cars and emissions.

Two months ago ABC News was bemoaning the lack of snow and blaming global warming.

the Lord Jesus Christ will bless the Canadian farmers for alfalfa and wheat....and I thank Him for blessing all of the farmers and taking them out of the drought for the past 3 years.

I love when they making 6 inch of snow sound like its Armageddon. When we used to get northeasters that dumbed 5 to 6 feet.

it is going to flood in washington d.c.

Why must people politicize everything? Why must people joke about it? Every weather article you break into is people invoking AGW Global Warming, which eventually leads to a political comment, and then the blame Bush or Obama stuff appears, and corporations! What is next you spill a cup of coffee on your keyboard and its because of Global warming or Obama or Bush? Some people aren't getting better or stronger they are getting more and more foolish!

Gore is saying what now? The silence is deafening as the snow is smothering.The globe warms and, then, uh, things happen and, uh, the warming does funny stuff, like causing snow, sleet and frigid weather because the globe is warm. See? Yeah, that's the ticket!

I wish that Global Warming would hurry up and come. Its freaking freezing.

I'm gonna skin that Groundhog!

Global warming at it's worst.

Spring starts tomorrow.

Maybe Al Gore can by another 20,000 square foot home, or a few more private jets so he can warm up the country with his ecessive carbon pollution, while telling others to reduce their emissions.

Gore made his millions off the whole global warming thing.

All around the country global warming believers are huddled together try to give each other support because they know people are laughing and making fun of them.

Climate change is a lie proof

There was no reason to cancel school for much of the Boston area. 4 inches of snow and the roads are cleared. An overreaction to compensate for the under-reaction from the previous storm.Glad the GlobeTrotters are ok.  Those guys are good

We have got to do something about this climate change before it is to late...next week will read that it is warming up and the snow is melting

MEANWHILE:  Out here in SoCal, Temp in the Hi 70s, Clear, Blue skys, and time to hit the beach and work on the Tan..Yes, we know what snow is...I even saw a picture of snow once....

It's not too bad, winter is almost over. Same stuff every year!

Last week on a story similar to this I heard a Tree-Hugger say this is due to Reverse-Global Warming....OK! Well then just what in the SAMHELL is Forward-Global Warming! That makes about as much since as Al Egore saying he invented the Internet! Now on to the Weather report....................

I wished it snowed in California

Al Gore presentation cancelled due to cold and ice

SEE U IN 20 years LADY .!

Blame it on Global Warming?

&lt;PHOTO&gt; Women work the streets regardless of the weather.The Yankees frequently make fun of the southern states closing schools because of weather - ice, etc.  Boston closing schools?????

Global warming works in mysterious ways..

Yessss - Open your windows and let the global warming in.

It's nice, warm and SUNNY down here in the SOUTH. But, we KNOW those Yanks just LOVE all that SNOW and ICE. That's WHY they LIVE THERE!

Must be global warming.  Oh yeah data proved that to be false science so the latest falsehood is climate change.

The downward drop will only take 8 to 10 years.Enjoy the summer it may be your last.

Got stuck in three snowplow roadblocks last night turning a two hour ride into a three and a half hour ride for what was maybe a couple of inches of slush! Thanks Massholes!

Global warming, I mean Gorebal warming, no, I mean Climate change......

In Houston, we have summer and not summer. Summer is already here.

Next will come the groans about lack of precipitation for the water tables.  Nobody is ever happy...human nature, I reckon.Get that bikini out is more global warming, Northeast needs more sun screen.

Global warming strikes again !

It is so fricken hot here. This global warming thing is outta control.

If it still snows when it's Spring will they blame it on Global Warming? lol

Its that damn global warming again!

I thought the ground hog saw his shadow.. what gives?

There is absolutely nothing unusual about snow storms in late winter or early spring, they happen every year.

""In Marlborough, Massachusetts, a bus carrying the Harlem Globetrotters exhibition basketball team collided with a passenger car."That definitely appears to be weather-related. The two vehicles were spinning on the road and made contact with each other," said State Police spokesman David Procopio. No injuries were reported in either vehicle, he said.""  Definitely appears to be weather related! Wow! You can't slip anything past those smart Mass folks, can you?

when I first seen that photo, I thought it was a squatch.

I reckon it done be on account o' that thar Glow Bull Wormin' them thar smart fancy cityfolk done be a-talkin' 'bout.More and more snow as it needs to stop no matter where it heads! Want spring!

More Global Warming

I love living in the great north woods,nothing like it anywhere.Let it snow,let it snow ,let it snow.

Uggh! Punxsutawney Phil was wrong again! D a m n that groundhog!

Al Gore couldn't be reached for comment...that damn global warming has him snowed in!

Well...so much for GLOBAL WARMING!Genesis 8 : 22 ~ "While the earth REMAINETH, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and SUMMER and WINTER, and day and night shall NOT cease."I totally believe GOD! NOT Man! SMH!All those who voted for OBAMA / DEMOCRATS...We who believe in GOD / CHRIST will pray for your error in voting for MORAL, ETHICAL &amp; SOCIETAL DECAY! These were the same sins of SODOM &amp; GOMORRHA! We do NOT have to be SLAVES to SIN or even follow your NONSENSE with POLITICAL CORRECTNESS! It's a dirty tool of Satan! We want GOD/ CHRIST in SCHOOLS! We want GOD / CHRIST in our vocabulary! We want GOD / CHRIST in our Lives! And that goes for ALL others who have ALSO given yourselves over to the work of Satan, and have NO GOD / CHRIST in your lives, including ALL POLITICAL PARTIES &amp; NON-VOTERS alike!So when you are bombarded by Natural &amp; Man made DISASTERS which are today significantly INCREASED, CLOSER together, and MORE INTENSED than EVERrrrrrrr! (Such as storms, hurricanes, flooding, earthquakes, vicious, savage, malicious crimes etc.)THANK the PEOPLE who PUSHED GOD OUT OF this Great Nation! And PRAY that they will REPENT and turn from their EVIL Ways! So that the LAND can be HEALED!2nd Chronicles 7 : 14 ~ "If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and WILL forgive their SIN, and WILL HEAL their LAND."It's NOT too Late to REPENT, and turn from your wicked ways! Peace!

Global warming? What global warming?

History shows we get ice ages. We usually have a spike in global temps right before the stage occurs. Keep your sweaters out.

Must be global warming.............................

Global warming is BS!!! There is no evidence indicating human activity and climate change are related. Climatology is pseudo-science at best, unlike other forms of science climatologist have never had to prove their conclusions or demonstrate their theories. They often hide their calculations from skeptics attempting to duplicate their models. One day you dumb hippies are going to have to accept the fact that man made global warming is BS.So much for global warming.

We should send Al Gore packing with his Muslim network over to Syria,

Winter started pretty late. If it wants to leave late, let it.

Send that snow and rain to the West Coast....we need it desperately.

I am sure that the Church of Global Warming will have something to say about this.

Thats what global warming means dummies, more snow.

It's that damn global  warming again... right AL.... AL??.....where the hell is Al??....oh, he's getting a massage........

This is not "climate change" or "global warming". The winter of 1996 was so intense that it snowed well into the month of April and brought freezing temperatures into the deep south. Just because it's snowing so close to spring does not make this unusual in any way.

When is spring getting here?

Wussies,you live in the north there's gonna be a long winter.Deal with it.82 today in relatively black free Arizona. Enjoy your primates and your snow

1 INCH OF SNOW SHUTS DOWN SCHOOL NOWADAYS............

Im perfectly ok with it. I live down here in Florida. Way too hot in the summer so this extension of winter although mild for us is a huge blessing.

Aljezer Gore was 100% right. Some times during global warming the earth will cool down. Nobel Peace Prize winner.

It is 66 in Texas high 80 sunny and clear - bugs are already out

Its a sign from God to keep gay marriage banned

I wish winter could have made it a little farther south.  here in S. Florida I think we got over 80 almost every day in january not a good sign for summer

I'm kind of amazed at how many people don't know the difference between climate and weather.

This is the hottest winter on record you know.

GLOBAL WARMING!!! GLOBAL WARMING!!! Oh wait its cold in the upper midwest today. CLIMATE CHANGE!!! CLIMATE CHANGE!!!! There thats better.Snow??? in the Winter??? This just cannot be. But but but but but but but but. what abbbout Glow Ball warming?

I like the cold, can't stand the hot humid weather...

Where's the "global warming", oh wait, "climate change" complainers now?? Dumb. Might was well believe in the tooth fairy too.

In Europe (central Europe), it's been similar. It started getting warmer, then went right back down again. Now finally I hope it's gonna stay warm.

Global Cooling blows.

"The winter that never ends"  I lived in NH for 4 years.  This is normal weather.  The snow often starts in September and ends in May.  The truth is its really beautiful..

Maybe we need to pray for global warming and offer tax incentives to corporations to increase their carbon footprint.

must be global warming, or maybe it's the ice age, but whatever it is,  no one cares, and no one should.

It's time to deep fry Punxsutawney Phil

Y'all can keep it.OK all you Global Warming Morons...time for the ice-cycle enema!

This man made global warming will be the doom of us all!

In 1917 it snowed in late June in Kentucky. Crops were damaged and my grandfather said that people nearly starved that year.

It's still March, winter usually isn't over yet. How young is this writer? Last year must have been his first year in the North.

Whoop it's 73 degrees where I am at! I've already worn some summer clothes! But I feel bad for them cause its so darn cold :(

Al Gore lied.Keep your stick on the ice!

Ugh... Praying for my New England and Nothern friends.  Here in TX it was 90 yesterday.  Not a good outlook for summer.  I fear we may repeat the drought and fires of '11. :-(

Global warming is at it again!

Looking at that Picture, I know why I'm living here  in MIami...76 and Sunny with a few clouds,,,

Obamas faultSo much for catastrophic global warming, huh?

Why is it such a big thing as when I was young had to walk to school,there and back through banks of snow .In April -June there was snow.We did not have cars or anything ,only a trolley bus which crawled along and was cold .Warmer and quicker to walk the 90 mins there and back from school.The planet is moving on axis as will always do.Nothing is stationary in our Universe.

i saw a cloud on saturday, but it may have been the glare on my sunglasses. 82 right now

Brrrr. I just got the shhivers. Chilling^^

This is not news we have not had the snow in up state NY like it was when i was a kid.  My dad use to have snow up to his waist and it was in Dec.  When it was like this, back in the 90's we had a snow storm where i was sleading off the roof of my parents ranch home.  This is not the snow we should have.  This is just making it so that the kids are missing out on a lot of fun.  I have seen more grass this winter season than I wish to have seen.

bum

toast

darn global warming

Long live global warming.

We are doing our part in my neighborhood. All of us bought a junker, put it up on blocks, and we are running them 24/7 trying to heat the earth. It's not much, but if everyone would help these people would not have to live in freezing misery.That poor person in the photo has been buried past waist deep in the snow! Hurry, before it's too late.''It's GLOBAL WARMING'' --- Al Gore, Billionaire, the myth maker

Hahahahahahahaha...that's why I moved to Las Vegas three years ago. F new jersey

This winter has been a harsh one here in San Diego..... currently 69 degrees..... this is total BS!

I'm going to VA next friday, it better not snow

this must mess up those ave temps libbaggers keep talking about,its hard to say its getting warmer as you shovel snow on the last day of winter

Winter ends tomorrow, DUH!

Its 96 degrees here where I live........Ill be going to the beach with my SUP board on thursday......yeahhhh

Looks like Al Gore's shadow obscured Punxsutawney Phil's shadow this year, but don't blame Phil.  Al's shadow has gotten a lot larger lately.

It's 61 where I am.  Cold front came through last night.  LOL.

What about MAINE?Whiners. In 1968, 18 inches of snow fell in western Kentucky on April 8th.

Stop whinning.... I love it here in Texas

guess the ground hog lied !

Winner isnt going away because God is angry at peoples sinning ways!

Some cold, snow, big deal, at least we dont have to worry about the tornado's , hurricanes, earth quakes, land slides, sink holes, all that other things down south, and the west coast have to worry about. You can have that life threating, awful worry if you are going to die or lose your home!!! Oh and have to sit in air condition when it is 90-over 100, you can have that, that is not summer at all!!!

News flash to the rest of the country:  It's winter.  It's New England.  It snows.YAWN!!!  So, has anybody else noticed the high price of a loaf of bread lately?  Now there's a real news story!

Going beyond our 4th week here in the N.E. of below normal temperatures.  Global warming my #@$

global warming makes snow and cocaine

I never trusted that groundhog.

Must be the Global Warming everyone is talking about.What happened to that early spring we were supposed to get. Never trust a groundhog.

Lots of late season snow.  You know it's global warming.  And if it hadn't come, that would have been global warming too.

I suppose gas will go up for they have to blame the hike on something

The high temp in Boston this time last year (Mar 22, 2012) was 83°.

And Groundhog Phil said it would be an early Spring........!!!!!!!!    "Phil, like the groundhog Phil? Yeah, like the Groundhog Phil" - Ground Day!!!!!!

Or in the case of where I live a winter that refused to ever begin.

Science seams to be a subject some posters slept through. It is GLOBAL weather change. Local weather conditions may cause storms to be more severe. It does not mean colder climates will no longer have snow.

It's staying cold longer because the earth is hotter, or something.

whats up with yahooo...no like my screen name?????

lol.  it's 70 degrees here in CA.  suck it flyover country.Must be global warming.

I guess nobody told the north-east about "global warming."

That pesky global warming, oh wait, they want it both ways now, winters are worse too.

More media spin to make everything sound like a "superstorm".  Probably to advance the cause for more government meddling in our lives, all in the name of "disaster recovery".  Get ready for more printing, spending, and taxes folks.

I love the man made global warming crowd.  When we were not getting as much snow as previous years, THAT was a sign of man made global warming.  This year when some place like Boston gets more snow than average THAT is a sign of man made global warming.  Whatever the weather is doing outside they will find a reason to blame it on global warming instead of natural variation.  And since we're talking about "global", why is it they always ignore that for the last decade snow fall over the northern hemisphere when looked at in total is "normal"?  Instead they focus on one part of one country and leap to their conclusions from that.  Not very "global" if you ask me.

That darn old global warming is just killin' me....

Aiiiiieeeee!  The searing heat of Global "Warming"!!!

Storm is not a cold snap; unusual snow or unusual lack of snow is a change in precipitation patterns and does not negate global climate change. Global means on Earth in general, not in your village specifically. If you want to be hot and dry go to Somali...

blue state turning white again

Quit crying about the dam precipitation, some parts here in Texas haven't seen rain yet this year!Maybe the storms aren't getting worse, the people are getting wimpier.

It's cold because of global warming!

1 ) God is punishing us for our sins ....2 ) Mother Nature is punishing us for the way we treat animals ...,...take your pick ...

I second that Melissa

Clearly this is the result of Global warm....OOPS! Darn it. Can't blame it on Global Warming because, well, this weather isn't warm at all. Ok, I'll just change the name...This is clearly the result of...wait for it...CLIMATE CHANGE!

Global cooling is far more devastating than warming.  Cooling causes herd deaths and shorter growing seasons.  Think abou it - what thrives in the cold?  A handful of animals.  Also, natural global warming is what ended the ice age.

..and the GOP leadership doesn't notice any abnormalities in the weather, huh?

That stupid groundhog said we would have an early spring

Quit your bit-hing come to Florida and enjoy the drought its killing everything.

Global Warming!!!! I mean "Climate  Change"!!!! ohhhh wait doesn't that mean its supposed to be hotter?Remember the white Christmas you yoweled for in December?  Enjoy it now, folks, because it prepares you for Easter.  (The Lord works in mysterious ways.)

Dang global warming!

Soon we'll look back at these cold days and miss the snow, Gore will be rotting away in his grave and we'll be sweltering in Global warming. LOL.

that's global warming for you.

This is New England people. If its not over a foot its not worth talking about!

I'm ready for global warming I mean spring

I'm in Florida its 76 and sunny : P

I second that Melissa

Chick in the picture is cute.

Every time I think I made it out.....it PULLS ME BACK IN!That damn global warming!!

And that's why I live in Southern California.

I was so glad to wake up and experience sub freezing temps this morning... gota love an Idaho spring.

"...annoying people tired of the wet and cold weather."I used to live in the northeast and did more than my share of shoveling and plowing snow. Where I live now, I don't even own a snow shovel.

So much for the fraudulent global warming theory..Wake up people, there is no need to pay extra for meat because a cow farts, are we this dumb?

This global warming thing is tricky.  You never know what it's going to do.

String up the groundhog..... and Al Gore.

I live in North Carolina and we've had snow here in April. What's all the hubbub, bub?

Bunch of wimpy crybabies in the northeast.

Weren't they b!tching about it being dry and warm like 6 weeks ago?Maybe Bloomburger can just force the snow to fall in 16 oz increments.

but the ground hog said it would be an early spring? dang rodents!

Wait, this can't be happening we are going through global warming. How can this be.

These "stuck" weather patterns have been predicted with global warming.  As the northern latitudes warm faster than the lower latitudes, the jet stream tends to be more wavy and slower, resulting in stuck weather patterns.  The eastern part of the country got hammered this winter, while the western part has had another mild, mostly dry winter.

I have noticed that Summer was off my a month and the same goes for Winter as if the calender days were wrong.I can however say that the only one laughing is Al Gore burning all that money hey made from Carbon Credits in his fire place.  At least he's staying warm this winter.You people are so gullible.Buy more Carbon credits so China can continue to have brown air.ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.

Move to the West Coast !   Nice here ! No bad winters,etc.. ! CA. , OR. , WA., !!!

that global warming is amazing isn't it

Be glad for the water. Our lakes and aquifirs need it for this coming summer. Hopefully we'll not have a drought as bad as last year was because we need to have several good growing seasons to start to bring us back in line with bringing grain prices down and replenishing our meat animal herds. With grain being as high priced as it is,many hag and cattle farmers stopped raising for next season because it's too cost prohibitive. Meat,bread,cereal,eggs and other food prices will explode if we don't start having good growing seasons again.

winter comes every year, we should exect it.

yes ladies and gentlemen, it snows even as global warming lowers sea levels. will the media mention our declining standard of living? our collapsing  the economy, adding to debt, unemployment numbers, food stamp numbers, number of illegals and their cost to taxpayers. nothing about crime and gun deaths in black democrat voting districts caused by depression from high unemployment. nothing about harry reid saying dead marines in nevada was because of the sequester? will the media keep covering the incompetence? will the youth wake up to huge student loans and no job? will the seniors be robbed like in cyprus? tune in next time for this and other exciting answers in the continuing saga of the affirmative action president.It's not that bad...you're used to it..so's...youse yankees stay right where you're at....Okay ??Don't go moving around the country..... spreading that libralism.We don't need that illness around here.Look what ya's did to Colorado !!Used to be a beautiful place.Now ya got Child rapists and crack gangsters wandering around amongst an unarmed populace....such a shame...