To all future mass murderers -- this is how it's done.  Take yourself out first. Thank you.

If only more mass killers would do this before taking innocent lives.  Or better yet, seek professional help.

Glad he killed himself before hurting anyone else.

Now THAT'S what I like to read: deranged individual kills SELF first.

About time one of these dirt-bags shoots themselves first

We don't need to ban guns .... We need to seriously re-implement Insane Asylums.

Good!  Just think of how much money this saves law enforcement and the court system.

If he was a dropout, why was he living in the dorm?

OMG, another crazy person... but wait, he was going to use a bomb and not an AR-15???

30 years old and living in a dorm?  Really?  How many career students do we have now?Holycrap! He had a gun in a gun free school zone? Didn't he know that was illegal?

At any given time, someone, somewhere, is planning an attack.

Oh media,has it gotten to the point where you believe a dead guy could plan an attack? He planned the attack before he died.

What now they took out what types of guns they were?  Had em in it earlier.  .45 Handgun and "tactical" .22LR.  Love how they threw tactical in there to make a squirrel gun sound like an M-16.  Tactical means it had black plastic furniture instead of wood for those wondering.

Oh no, now they will try to ban bombs....LOL

All mass murders should shot themselves first before shooting others.

So he intended to use explosive devices instead of a military style gun, so you see Mr Obama if you take the guns away it's not going to matter,  people will resort to other devices to hurt people, Once again it's not the weapon it's the person, but you Idiots in washington think it's the weapon, it's time you need to wake up and realize what the hell is happening around you and around this great country that your tearing apart. I'm just glad that this person decided to end his own life instead of hurting other people.

Ban Students !!!

Ban dorm rooms! Or wait, ban schools. No wait, ban... I got it, just put cameras in everyone's house so you can see if they are making a bomb. If you have nothing to hide....

I love a good ending.{"UCF believes attack was planned by dead student"}That must have been quite a trick.

30 years old and still a student? If he had lived, he would have one difficult time finding a job. Most employers expect people to have finished something (other than himself) by age 30. He accomplished nothing. I wonder who enabled him.

Finally one that got it right!

#$%$ is a 30 year old doing staying in a dorm? I can see going back to school for more education. But again I will say #$%$ is a 30 year old doing in a dorm? It is obvious that he was messed up in the head. I could barely stand to be around those kids for classes let alone live with them. Glad he killed himself. Another reason for no gun control. How would these idiots be able to kill them selves quickly.

At least he had the decency to off himself first instead of killing others.

As always, the standard Yahoo response:  This lunatic was obviously a (insert name of ethnic group, race, religion, political party you hate) and they're all like that.

Some people are just nuts.

30 Years old ! Was mommy and daddy still paying for this worm feast to go to school,Well they didn't get thier money's worth

"Seevakumaran". Now, help me out here...is that name American Indian? No? Perhaps Italian or Irish? No?! C'mon...help me out! Ok, ok, *must be* Polish? German!?!? Maybe, just maybe, I'm mispronouncing it??? Japanese, Korean, Chinese...Mung!!! It's Mung, right!? No folks, it's not. It's some 'muslim' (or similar "religion") who was out to "Spread the Word of Peace". Because "We Americans don't understand it's a peaceful "religion"...". Throw them out. I apologize for sounding ignorant, the followers of this "peaceful, yet misunderstood religion" have made me feel this way. They danced in the streets after 9/11, let them do it again...BACK HOME!!!

I suppose if Obama had implemented his gun laws this psycho never would have had a gun. Once again, a crazy person does something illegal with a gun. At least he offed himself instead of someone else. One more loser #$%$ off the face of the Earth.Mental again? Guess the gun made him do it.

Democrat:  Wow, a nut using explosives to murder people!  Let's make explosives illegal!Republican:  Explosives are illegal for a non-licensed person to own, especially IEDs.Democrat:  RATS!  Well, we will have to ban guns instead, after all, he had a gun!

I love how the police credit themselves with their "rapid response" as bringing resolution to the problem. If the guy was that much of a psycho you would have thought he'd shoot the guy he pulled the gun on in the first place. But he knew they would eventually arrive, and I'm glad he did the right thing. Saves us all a bunch of money and nobody else got hurt, so that is the "right thing" in my book.

ever notice when they aren't Muslim, they ARE weirdo liberal sissy boys?

I suppose again, this administration will say.............."its domastic".............yeah......right !!

A 30 year old freshman? WTH?

Clearly we must ban backpacks, and 30 year old college students.

Whew...There for a minute I thought we were gonna have to BAN bombs......

Bad KARMA I would say..No pun intended

A drop out AND a loser. A real two-for-one.With all these crazy drugged up Liberals running around trying to kill people, it would be pretty dumb for Americans to give up their guns now

Luckily he was not banned from owning a firearm or he might have used his bombs on everyone esle instead of blowing his own brains out. Anothen reason to quit messing with the second amendment!

"The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to allow the subject races to possess arms. History shows that all conquerors who have allowed their subject races to carry arms have prepared their own downfall by so doing."- Adolf HitlerGerman Weapons LawOn November 11, 1938, the Minister of the Interior, Wilhelm Frick, passed Regulations Against Jews' Possession of Weapons. This regulation effectively deprived all Jews of the right to possess firearms or other weapons.Let's keep the US free! Molon Labe!

30-year-old James Oliver Seevakumaran was still a student, because he couldn't pass English 101.

Well, at least Obama's crisis actors didn't kill anyone this time.

Should have got a shotgun instead.

The first clue that this guy wasn't right was that he was 30 and living in the dorm.  That's even creepier than mom's basement!

Great more ammo for the gun grabbers.  Directly attacking the 2nd Amendment, can sign one piece of paper then order drone strikes on US Citizens on US Soil, and now I just learned about this:Has anyone else seen this executive order?whitehouse(dot)gov/the-press-office/2012/03/16/executive-order-national-defense-resources-preparednessBeyond giving the president and his cabinet the ability to appropriate all of the nations production (food, power, energy, etc) for the good of National Defense (which isn't defined), it also has this part which kind of worries me: Sec. 204. Chemical and Biological Warfare. "The authority of the President conferred by section 104(b) of the Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 2074(b), is delegated to the Secretary of Defense. This authority may not be further delegated by the Secretary."I smell a second Civil War coming.  This isn't tinfoil hat stuff anymore folks.  Prepare for the worst and hope for the best.  Hopefully our servicemembers and veterans (myself included) will uphold their oath to protect and defend the US Constitution from all enemies both foreign AND DOMESTIC.  I know I will, along with many other patriots, military experienced or not.  This regime is getting way out of hand.  Molon Labe.

Guess you do not need a background check to buy a bomb.  Guess Obama will let this one slide.

Are they going to ban drop outs now??  What is wrong with today's youth?One less nut to worry about, glad he went alone.

Take note defects:  This is what you do when you have thoughts of harming others.  Put the gun in your mouth, pull the trigger and then the world becomes a better place.

If guns were banned he probably would have had to blow himself up, along with others.

just glad nobody got hurt!!

People will blame video games or guns. But they will once again fail to address mental health problems in this country.Men for centuries were hunters and warriors, it's only in the last 50 years that doctors are calming us with ADD pills. Your trying to reverse MILLIONS of YEARS of evolution what do you expect?

30 and living in the dorm, bet he's left a buttload of student loans behind.

Just goes to show there are plenty of lone wolfs who can carryout attacks that can ruin people's lives. The good part about this is the suspect did the right move - he killed himself first before the cops can lay their hands on him.

If that .22 is an 'tactical' rifle, you would zit in your pant if you see what I got...

He made bombs. He got the students OUT of school. He had guns illegally on campus. Laws are just text on paper. He does not stop criminals or crazy people. ACTION stops criminals and crazy people.

Another arguement for concealed carry permits...Wow a 30 year old student,No doubt living off student loans,

It's starting to hit a little close to home. I hate Orlando and never liked staying up there with a gf that used to attend UCF. It seemed like a quiet ordinary college campus but, of course they all do until some maniac emerges.

Im glad he chose a better plan instead.

This article makes no sense.  If he was planning an attack, why did he commit suicide?

I guess the shooter didn't get the memo that your not supposed to shoot yourself first!Kudos to the police for cornering this POS!

I guess they should outlaw bombs too, oh wait that is already against the law!

While it is tragic, all I can say I would rather see the assailant dead rather than any number of innocent bystanders!

"UCF believes attack was planned by dead student"  I was right all these years, here's proof that the zombies apocolypse is at hand! We must stop these dead students at all costs!

Track record shows that many of these killings are committed by angry,whacked out young people. Aurora...Sandy Hook... UCF... Probably more I am not remembering. Could it be the violence mecca called Hollywood and video games causing or contributing a huge part into this trend?

this is what all crazies should do rather than take someone else's life!they should make bombs illegal, oh my bad they are

A close call, an insane person with a gun is never a good idea.

If this .22 rifle is qualify as assault rifle because it 'looks like' a battle rifle, then all white men should be in jail because they all 'look like' Sandy Hook and Colorado's theater shooters.

Ban dorms now!!!

Did the SEAL or Special Force or SWAT use the same rifle on some kind of a mission or something to qualify this .22 rifle as a tactical rifle???  I am confused.  People just made up words and it supposed to be true?

Maybe he figured that killing others wouldn't solve his problem....

Is this writer of the article a 5 year old?  We have been at war on terrorism for too many years to count now and they use the term, "Four makeshift explosive devices".  Call them what they are IEDs.

So he walked in on the CIA framing him? Yep, they kill you for that.

Another rag head..

30 year old living at a college dorm,UCF most have high standardsGlad to see some one stepped up and called the cops after seeing the gun otherwise he might have killed a lot of people

saves the community a long and expensive trial, then he would get off on insanity.............

If he was a drop out then why was he living in the dorms.......

Another middle eastern loser!30 years old still going to school, getting kicked out for non payment of housing costs.Why would the roommates not repot him for having all these weapons?Kind of hard to hide this in a small space, with two roommates.

What about the devastating, high caliber, 22 assault rifle?

Glad this all ended well.

What happened to the 'assault' weapon reported earlier?

Thank you sir for killing yourself BEFORE you killed anybody else.  Wasn't that much easier on everyone else.

Finally! a nut job that did it correctly. Take notes future nut jobs, always take your own life first before others.

I am so sick of these people who want to become infamous for three minutes.Ever wonder why America is the most violent nation in the world? Where was rap "music" invented?

Who is James Oliver Seevakumaran?  Just a usual run of the mill nut caes?   Where's he from, what was he studying before he dropped out!

Interesting how they are focusing on guns INSTEAD OF THE BOMBS he had.  This again is a mental health issue.  What is wrong with our country that people think like this?  Where is the family values, ethics and morals?  I am not a church goer, but the more society shuns church, the less values people seem to have.

Thank God!  He had a gun and was able to stop himself.  I'll count this as a heroic gun save.Sorry to any family he had for the loss.  He did the right thing by using the gun to get the demons out of his head and preventing harm to others.I'd recommend getting professional help before going to this extreme to any copy cats, However if that isn't possible do it just like this guy did with one modification.  Use water balloons instead of explosives.

at least he decided to just to his own life instead of innocent people.

He's the bomb.

flunkie!

it wasnt the police....it was the guy who called the police...it cause the suspect to panic and he figured since his plan was discovered and he wouldnt have time to fully carry it out he decided to save the FL tax payers (thank you for that) money by offing himself

The whole thing could have come to an end quicker if the roommate was allowed to be armed.

Interesting. I was just informing an idiot on Yahoo comments today how law enforcement changed their tactics after Columbine to take shooters out as soon as possible instead of waiting for SWAT. One reason being, when confronted with someone armed, their fantasy world blows up and they typically rabbit to a hole and shoot themselves. This incident is another shining example example. Hope the idiot wanders through here and reads it.That being said, I find something very disturbing with this story. How could this person have guns in a Gun Free Zone? Was he not paying attention when they sprinkled the fairy dust and proclaimed it so?I fart into jars and them put them into the refrigerator

Wait-isn't this a "Gun-Free Zone"?

Good news for a change.

Good Job Jimmy!

The guy probably saw how much they've increased tuition.

Wheres the "assault" rifle?

It is really sad that some comments express gladness that James Seevakumaran killed himself.  Yes, it is good that he did not harm anyone else, but where were the people in this man's life that could have made a difference in his life.  Perhaps someone tried and failed, but surely there must be at least one person in Seevakumaran's life who noticed that he was troubled.

"UCF believes attack was planned by dead student" , question, how could a "dead student" plan anything : )   I know I'm sorry that was wrong.

Happiness is a box of grenades!

HOW CAN A DEAD STUDENT PLAN ANYTHING ?He was mad because they made fun of his name.

Finally! Somebody got it right! :D

think he is from the middle east ... do it with style ... take yourself out too

This is it mass shooters. Take note! That's how its done. You shoot yourself dead first (make sure you're killed) then everyone else..

But.. he didn't.. and that's a good thing..

So, people arriving with guns put a stop to it.But when the NRA suggested putting armed guards in schools, they were called lunatics.

"UCF believes attack was planned by dead student" - That's either a really bad headline, or a truly shocking development.

Having watched the NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams at 6:30 p.m., and the press conference with Chief Beary as well as an eyewitness statement from a student at the campus, everyone now has the full story.  That being said, let's take a look at the facts as they were presented.  According to the eyewitness, the police were all armed with AK-47 assault rifles.  According to Chief Beary, they have stopped another mass shooting rampage.  Now let's consider a few things.  The AK-47 assault rifle has been called the most recognizable gun in the world yet they manage to locate a student who apparently has never seen one in the news, a movie, or a video game, then broadcast his comments worldwide.  The use of AKs by Florida police probably shocked quite a few people.  Next, if he intended to kill as many people as possible and had already put his plan in motion by activating the fire alarm in order to draw students out, why is the student he pointed his gun at not dead?  Did he even fire a shot at the student?  At any student?  If he did it was not considered an important enough detail to mention.  A shooting rampage where the shooter only kills himself isn't a rampage.  This guy had dropped out of school and was about to be evicted from his room at the dorm.  I think it far more likely that his intent was to use the fire alarm to get other students out of harms way before setting fire to the dorm using his molotov cocktail-style incendiary devices and then killing himself.  I'm just relieved that the only shot he fired was the one that ended his own life and that no one else was even injured by his actions.  Too bad the national news media would rather sensationalize the event for the ratings than waste time on facts.  As for the assault rifle, it wasn't.

I guess this was a "good" gun.

Wow, even a liberal university student, someone who's is suppose to be highly intelligent, was planning this.He was going to use bombs.  These killers are crazy, not stupid.  Go ahead and pass your silly gun control laws.  What is your next bright idea when killers keep on killing.

Ok, a 30 year old guy in a dorm room???  Anybody think that was odd?  I remember some dorms in my college where it would have turned heads to see a senior in there.

Now I guess some Democratic Senator will submit a bill outlawing IEDs on campus because of this.  I'm grateful for the confused mind in this young man that allowed him to take his own life before he took the lives of anyone else, but I do wish he could have received help so even his life didn't have to be lost.

Finally!  A madman who used his head and killed himself first before killing others!  Thank you, buddy!  You saved a bunch of innocent lives by offing yourself first!  Now, earning your reward you shall be pitied more than scorned...

Uh oh, now the Dumborats will want to ban makeshift bombs.

"Seevakumaran", Any idea what his background or ethnic history is? The question sounds racist but, is about time for political correctness to take a back seat to violence.

You get rid of the guns, this is whats gonna take its place. Guarantee you that.

It's time to pass laws banning backpacks

He might have pulled the fire alarm to get all of the students out before he bombed the building.  But that wouldn't make the police look like 'heroes,' would it?  Their real role is to count the bodies after a tragedy.

I'm surprised he didn't shoot it out with cops and claim Florida's Stand Your Ground law as self defense.WOW I hope they outlaw bombs next.

So this time the gun actually saved all the innocent people.  Go figure.

A moron on fox reported they found assault weapons.

Well at least he was far less cowardly then most mass killers.....on the account of him killing himself first.....

James Oliver Seevakumaran ...delinquent ex-student....squatting in the dorm....Indian in descent.Another Obama-Zombie gone crazy

He had four bombs on him. I guess there is no ban on bombs or he wouldn't have had them. Right?

sounds like a #$%$ .

its a good thing he killed himself before blowing others up.he had bombs guess we should ban those now.

So were the weapons purchased legally? I thought schools were "gun free zones." Just more proof that you will not be able to keep guns out of the hands of crazy people. Having "gun free" zones are target rich environments for crazy people and are just plain stupid.Gun control does not work, increasing back ground checks does not work. Crazy people with criminal backgrounds are not going to submit to a back ground check.I am glad this turd killed himself before he could hurt others.

Ban all bombs.Another muslim  trying  to   carry   out  his mission.    Just makes you wonder  how  many more  are out there  waiting  to  blow  someone up ,  too many  that  is for sure.

So what was his motive, anti social, political, religion or another  nut case? What was his nationality? Foreign student?  Was he here legally?

Who said there wasn't any good news today !

Ban the bomb.

Guaranteed the mainstream media will some how blame this on "assault weapons".

"UCF believes attack was planned by dead student"My guess is that he was alive when he planned the attack.

great, now dead students are planning attacks.

Now, to whom or who blame the Democrats, the "" "" assault rifles "" "that are not, or homemade bombs, or guns.We should ban the bombs?, or are they really illegal?.we have to watch the next step of the Democrats

We should be FOCUSING on Mental Health and CRIME Control, the law abiding citizens aren't the problem. also, Corrupted politicians and including Obama are the problem.

Obviously everyone can now see the need to ban all college dorms...Bombs!?!  How dare he, after all this talk about how limiting guns and magazine clip sizes will make us safer.  People should be thankful he had a gun and committed suicide [but with condolences to his family] instead of going through with the bomb attack.

A 30 year old not fitting in at a dorm. jeeze go figure. Girls would laugh at a 30 year old at a dorm.

Just imagine if we outlawed homemade bombs!

Kinda scary to send your kids to school.  They might run into a liberal or conservative.

30 years old and still in college! Must be a democrat. They're all slow learners!

I have a picture of an Indian riding a pony on my wall, but Im not planning to go to Montana

No guns even thought of here. Lets ban all explosives every where.

Another GUN FREE ZONE. Anyone else see any correlation here????

Stand back or I'll shoot myself......then your next.

Poor Aaron French can't afford his meds anymore -- he will be grateful when Obamacare, after fully implemented, won't preclude treatment for his pre-existing mental condition.This is proof that we should ban all college education. It causes too much emotional harm.

here we go with the assault weapons again

Thats it...looks like random TSA checks of all dorm rooms from here out. Gonna save the day.

talk about "low information" oh yeah maybe the education system is working ....that's  how these idiots are suppose to think......

Assault rifle my #$%$...It's a GSG 522-SD. It just LOOKS scary.

I'd like to know what the "makeshift explosives" are. If i tape three fire crackers together that would be a makeshift explosive would it not? I smell more fear mongering.

Well at least he realized in the end he didnt want others dead, even if he did plan it out up until that point.

Love how this started and ended.  One bullet in his head and all is well!

This just goes to show if you ban the 'Evil AR-15 with high capacity clip' the nutcases are going to find another way to kill people...Because you see.... EXPLOSIVES ARE ALREADY ILLEGAL.

Your tortured mind can now rest in piece. While still tragic, better than taking others with you.Our nation should ban explosives. Someone could get hurt.

One less #$%$

Very glad this guy's plans were foiled.

Wait so does this mean a gun stopped a mass shooting spree? That sound you hear is anti-gun nuts heads exploding (no pun). I wonder how all those who attempted to lecture me about gun suicides and how guns made it 'easier' to kill themselves feel about this? I again renew my objection to gun control and offer sane (is there any such thing?) discussion on mental health. This guy didn't sound very stable mentally...Amazing how his weapon only killed its intended target...funny how that works.#DemandTheEndToDemanding

Don't tell me that the American terrorist is going from a suicide shooter to a bomber.

I wish this could stand as the official "Nutcase Order of Attack" instructions for all whackjobs wanting to go on a rampage.

Another example of why gun control is a waste of time and taxpayer money. The method used is not the problem, the mental health (or lack of) is the issue.

You know, the SAD fact is that, the intensity and the violence of these shootings, has increased steadily, since the introduction of Violent Video games &amp; movies.  See the Newtown shootings and the killers' profile.He (lanza), was secluded to the basement, with the windows blacked out and playing violent video games most of his time.Bottom Line...With our current technology, are we teaching todays kids to become a violent generation?

im guessing he was a young white male.

"The student was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound with guns and the explosives."Dianne Feinstein and the democrats must be #$%$ that he failed!!!GASP! How did a mentally deranged person get such items in to a campus dorm room! Wasn't there a "No Weapons" sticker posted some where? I mean who wouldn't pay attention if there was a sticker on a door? After all people don't save lives. Stickers do.

False flag! False flag operation! These "nut cases" are to incite panic in the populace. The "government" wants YOU to beg for protection from yourselves.

Like I said with all these people want ban on guns, you take away the guns and they will find an alternative way to kill you cant stop them unless you stop them that is it.

Authorities might want to take a look at possible connection to the Tamil Tigers, a Marxist-Leninist thought based group claimed to have been defeated by the Sri Lankan military in 2011 after over 20 years of civil war, particularly the Sivakumaran youth fighters.

How can a dead student plan an attack? Is the "Zombie Apocalypse" starting?

If this would have actually happened like he planned it would have been first page news for a few months. It didn't happen as planned and now it will be forgotten about in a week.

I'm sure the media will spin it that he is some kind of victim of a bad home life or social disability, just as they would if he killed a bunch of innocent people. Chris Rock said it best in his standup routine, "whatever happened to crazy? You can't be crazy no more?"

thank you to this guy you dont like life fine kill yourself and leave it at that. there is a serious mental issue in this country that gets blamed on guns.

His father was a marine, dumber than a doorkknob, who met a crazy cross-eyed prostitute in Calcutta whom he  immediately fell in love with and married. Their union produced a son, so naturally they moved to Florida, the only state where their son could enter college.

Sorry for whatever family he has, but it would have been far worse if he had carried out his plan as intended.  As the police unravel the details, I'm sure we'll hear the usual friends say "I knew something was bothering him" or "he kept saying he wanted to shoot someone".  We need to start stepping up and taking these threats seriously.Good!  He did the right thing.

More losers need to kill themselves- quietly, though &amp; without all the drama.

30 years old and he was still living in a college dorm?

He did the right thing.

30 yrs old ?? glad he took himself out and no one else

— A University of Central Florida drop-out planned an attack on campus but committed suicide in a dorm before carrying it outFinally!!!

30 year old living in a DORM?!  Uh - that'd be a clue something's wrong....

Everything about this nut and what he had plans for is a direct result of the way our sociaty deals with idiots.  My only question is did the bomb in question have a 30 round clip?  My only other comment is this.  Proof of the liberal media blitz against legal gun owners is the statement made by the "college student" on the national news when he said the police had their " AK 47 rifles drawn and everything".  I don't think the police in Africa use AK 47's.  Typical liberal kool-ade drinking, non educated Obamacated voter.

A fast response time by the police is what beat him. He knew he couldn't pull off his little massacre so like defeated coward he chose to off himself. If you have armed guards close by that will greatly limit the amount of damage these lunatics can inflict. Not gun bans or gun-free zones, only a swift overpowering armend response will save lives.

What is the deceased nationality?Good thing he had a gun so he could kill himself before he hurt anybody else.

How, why are guns getting in to dorm's? ...Why are we so slow to fix this damnable problem ?

Another pro gun person being responsible

No one more disappointed than obama and crew that  he didn't carry out his supposed plan, no chance for airtime and collecting sympathy votes.

All this does is gives the anti-gun clowns for fodder to push their agenda

Man oh man. What you can buy at a gun show and learn from the attendees is priceless to a wacko. Background check? &lt;wink wink&gt; Sure.. got it covered...whatever.. Here.. need a 400 round magazine and some grenades? You know those are for in home use only &lt;wink wink&gt;

He felt guilty for voting for obama...I hope its catching!

We should probably go ahead and outlaw bombs, oh wait...

With a name like that, I cant help but want to know who left the  gate open, and let that one  in and I'll bet we weresubsidizing him too

I expect seeing all those anti-gun nuts change over to "anti-bombs" now.If all would-be terrorists and assorted miscreants would simply decide to off themselves, intead of harming the lives of innocent humans, the world would be a much better place, wouldn't it?

Yeah, sure.  The police stopped this attack, now let's fund them more and give them even more power to invade law-abiding citizen's homes, business, and lives.  Why not?  What could go wrong?

I feel very badly out this one. No matter how I look at it I have a bad taste in my mouth. Im happy for all you people that think its cute he killed himself before being able to seek Mental health assistance. Maybe I should start being an internet troll so I can have a pretty golden pen by my name. Pathetic.

Darn now you're gonna wanna outlaw bombs. Now can I keep my HK-91?

Another - let the government take away our guns so they will be the only safe ones.  Oh, I forgot the criminals will still have their guns, but who cares as then we will be "safe" because big-gov will save us when we have a criminal with a gun pointing at us because they will know beforehand. Right!

thanks for shooting yourself first #$%$

We should make his life into a movie and hope future mass murderers follow his lead.

Staying in school too long might have triggered this.

OK, for all you weirdos please take note..............this is the first step you start with!

Notice the story has now changed from the original one that was reported.........Now there is no mention of the so called "ASSAULT WEAPON" ........what will you libtards do now......this one was going to take out a bunch using homemade explosives !!!Its hard to accept, but Florida is coming unglued.

The govt is disappointed. This was one potentially good crisis that went to waste to finally end that pesky 2nd amdmt.  This whole things sounds fishy. 30 yr old college student (ah riight), he looks like the others on pyschotropic drugs like Adam Lanza; his eyes have no focus at all.  William Cooper predicted in Behold a Pale Horse 20 yrs ago that the govt would use mass school shootings by those on psychotropic drugs (Project Orion CIA)  as a terror tool to end the 2nd amdmt. Seems the Plan is working out quite well after Columbine, Sandy Hook, and other known shootings.

his intent was to use guns because of anger of being out of the dorms we dont need a gun ban we need to be armed.  Its just like a suicide bomber if you take him out before he takes you it will save livesbut if everyone has a gun they have no choice

was he from this country?

remember psychos, suicide is ur friend

Sad as it is that anyone is compelled to take their own life, it's obviously worse when they take other lives first. Back in the day these "mass killings" were a rarity, people just killed themselves. We have to get better about identifying these troubled individuals sooner. His roommates knew there was something off about him, so surely there were relatives, teachers, SOMEONE that could have tried to help this desperate man before it came to this.

The guns couldn't have been used even if he wanted to.. The school is a gun free zone.

So how long before we can use the terrorist word? Will that ever be investigated or is this adisgruntaled student? We need to become more passionate about making it easier to live on campus for free. What the H have we done to block the undesireable from this country's schools? Offered them scholarships! I'm not buying the ignorance of his roomates.

Close call with another sick minded person out there.  What a blessing?  Unfortunately, this country is full of mentally disturbed people.  We really and truly need assistance in mental health programs, thousands of people need help.

Well, this was refreshing.  I'd like to read stories that end like this more often.  Only the nutcake ended up dead.The dead gunman's roommate REALLY deserves a full scholarship for as long as he's enrolled in the college because his phone call to the police saved countless lives.

We need to outlaw makeshift bombs!Oh wait...

Wow, seriously, they give police credit? If he had killed 3 people and police showed up and killed him before he was able to murder more, they can get credit. He could have killed a dozen or more before police would have disrupted his plans. He opted to kill himself instead, luckily. Police didn't do anything to prevent anything....

He also hadn't registered or paid for classes this semester. The housing office "was in the process" of removing him from campus.

There's a headline for ya! It was "planned by dead student." Wow! Didn't know you could plan stuff when you're already gone!!

Hmm, if we had banned all guns he would have been forced to kill himself by using one or more of his bombs. That sure makes me feel all warm and fuzzy~ NOT!

Knew it by his last name...freakikn sri lankan probably.

I returned to college at a later age, but would never have considered living in a Dorm.  It is odd.  Obviously this man, had issues.  He "displayed antisocial behavior", whose rights was he violating? What forms of disregard for the rights of others did he display?  Was he destroying property?  Did he make threatening statements? was he being self injurious?  if so, why didn't anyone call the authorities at that time?

Am I  the only one more worried about someone with a bomb than someone with a gun. At least with guns there is a warning unless you are the first shot. As for bombs...just BOOM

boreingProof that guns don't kill people.

how many guns did the 9/11 terrorists use? How many in ok. city?But if we take the guns away everyone will be safe right? wrong theyll just put a bomb in a school or movie theater.

You SEE this?! a BOMB. Not a gun.. a BOMB. so specific WEAPONS aren't the issue.. the CRAZY people are the issue.. what do we do about crazy people?... HEALTHCARE...

There is no cure for insane...There is no cure for stupid...

I'm glad I don't live in America where if you #$%$ off somebody, they can just go to Walmart and buy a gun and kill you.

sounds like a liberal if he was in college that long, it takes them a little bit longer to learn

oh my god! we have to make make bombs illegal!  think of the lives of children!  oh wait.. bombs are already illegal....

So they tell us how many bombs and guns were found but, how many bottles of serotonin re-uptake inhibitors were found in his dorm room? Was it prozac, etc.?

i think all these incedents are happening back to back so they can ban the guns i mean why now ? before they used to happen like once in a blue moon .

I'm just glad I am not reading a headline like sandy hook, I know I still haven't recovered from that and I even though we haven't heard much since I don't think the world has either."His timeline got off," Beary said. "We think the rapid response of law enforcement may have changed his ability to think quickly on his feet."Hmm.... don't think so. I think he was torn between earlier on, &amp; when it was close to final, he made the choice to just kill himself.

He was angry because nobody could pronounce his last name properly

Great. Now they will want to outlaw bombs.

OK...I think we need to outlaw high capacity assault educations. 30 years old and probably changed his major 20 times and a 6 figure student loan. The only comfort that at that critical point he killed himself instead of unleashing more tragedy and adding fuel on the fire!

Are they going to ban makeshift explosives? It is matches not explosives that blow up people!!!!!

Well done, UCF Police!!!

Oh great, now they are gonna ban making your own bombs. Bombs will be illegal and there will be no more violent acts. Oh, wait....

Bottom Line Here  Another Student Is The One That Deserves The Credit,  He Was The One Who Cault Him And Said Something To Him Then Called 911.

The sad fact other than the obvious is this will be counted as a gun violence death.

Gee Did anyone stop to think that maybe he was paid to make the bombs then was killed to cover their tracks.  Wouldn't be the first time that that happened."...attack was planned by dead student". Nice wording yahoo, so...this guy was a zombie?

Ok so now no one should have guns because this can happen. I'm glad to be a stupid liberal.

Imagine how his roommate feels knowing that the person sharing his room was planning a mass attack like this. What this guy was planning is obviously not right, but he more than likely has some mental issues. Even as a student, 30-year-olds generally do not live in dorms on campus. They are usually living on their own in an apartment or house, even if they're going to school, which makes me think that something was not right in his head. This is probably going to be another case that is shouting at us to re-think our programs for mental illness, and, once again, we will probably fail to do so. When is a real wake-up call going to come along? When more people are killed by lunatics?

Planned by a dead student?  That is your headline.  Did you guys even go to school.  Now you want to act like you can write...idiot..ssssss

How tragic...it's always sad when somebody decides they need to take their own life.

Well done

Quick! Let's introduce legislation to make bombs illeg--oh wait...

That awkward moment when I commit to going there today...

outlaw psychotropic drugs

This is my school and I woke up to my father calling me and a helicopter over my building. I cannot believe this has happened so close to where I was and to think just like that my school could have been another campus shooting in history. This is so sad.Failed attempt of Obama's MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE. Although more successful then James Holmes as to terminating his own life when confronted by force like all the other ones.They have successfully used the Manchurian Candidate in multiple scenarios now.Mass shooting in temple scenarioMass shooting in Open Public Political gathering scenarioMass shooting in Closed environment Theater scenarioMass shooting in Mall scenarioMass shooting in school targeting children scenarioMass shooting with carjacking scenarioOf these the one that was not quite successful was the theater shooting in CO. Part of the success of the Manchurian Candidate is to terminate ones own life when operation is   completed or when confronted with force. James Holmes was actually surprised from behind by an officer and had set his weapons down. He was unable to take his own life at that moment. To date he is still dazed and confused to this whole event.Just look at the similarities in all these incidents and the lack of transparency in the investigations. The fact that no one is focusing on prevention and more on confiscation should be enough to raise some eyebrows.Mental Health ISSUES ARE THE COMMON DENOMINATOR.....   And Congress still doesn't get it!!!!

30 year old in the dorms??

Tell me. Does ANYONE know what to do if you feel like you're on the verge of a breakdown and you need help? There is NOTHING to be done! The Psych wards in hospitals try to get rid of you asap, and they don't make you participate in any therapy. all it is is a place where you're watched. every few days you see a Dr. and you can just say "I'm feeling better" and they get you the F out of there as soon as they can. There is no 'help' in those places. I admitted myself twice in my life and now I feel like *IF* I ever NEED that kind of crisis INTERVENTION.. I have NO PLACE to seek help!

His life descended into chaos after Kentucky didn't make the NCAA Tourney

lol the title...attack planned by dead student. Zombies!

A 30 yr old in a dorm room - yeah, suicide is his best option.

are they going to charge the gun with murder? That should stop crazies from killing people....Right???

Another white dude gone postal !

Exactly, smart mass murder, #1--Pull trigger with gun facing my head.  Bam!!!!Incident over.

we should ban bombsIf we ban bombs this kind of thing wont happen

Wait, so if not for having a gun to kill himself with he may have used bombs to kill others... just saying...

Obviously this guy didn't have an AR-15 and a large capacity clip, or he wouldn't have wimped out after some student ran away and called the cops.  (Hell, that guy probably would have been turned into Swiss Cheese before he got five yards.)

Every news channel emphasized "assault weopon" Almost made me sick.

i guess congress will have implement " back pack " laws now.

wow, Orlando Fl???? that's where my families are, its sad he killed himself and its sadder that he was planing on these but im happy that noone got hurt well 1.

What is it something in the water these days in the US?! Too many people wanting to shoot someone or blow someone (or themself) up!  Let's NOT replicate the Middle East!

aLL RITE MORE AIR FOR ME TO BREATH  oppsw caps

Make sure all the politicians enact new "Bomb Carrying" laws to make it tougher for people to buy bombs....oh wait, that's already illegal.  But then how did this person get 4 bombs?

Thanks man...RIP!And I study at that University... Almost every week we have "suspicious package found" and certain parts of the campus are evacuated for a few hours.

His came to his  senses after the mind control drugs wore off and when Da Man realized it, they made it look like a suicide... Haha

Hightower (2012), WHAT is the guy's nationality. With a last name of Seevakumaran, you know he wasn't an American! lol :)

At least he had the decency to just off himself - when we read about these attacks, commenters always say, "why couldn't they just kill themselves and not take others?" - well, this one did.  bravo!

I've always wondered what it is that would make someone actually have the desire to kill masses of people...it's sick. :(

Until handguns are eradicated from this country, these type of situations will forever take place.. I know this is a pipe dream and will never happen.. That don't mean I am wrong.. And spare me your tired argument that guns don't kill people.. And stop saying we need to keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill.. Who the hell knows who is mentally ill until after something like this happens.. Just let authorities admit they will never be able to stop murder suicides and stop blowing smoke up the #$%$ of the American people with this bogus attempt at gun control.. I promise you all the background checks in the world won't keep guns out of the hands of people who wanna get one to kill someone.. It can be caused by depression.. Jilted lover.. Something as simple as failing a bar exam... Noone can predict when someone is gonna snap.. One thing you can predict is of that person wants to do real damage and kill someone, they are gonna accomplish these actions:  WITH A GUN!!!

Hey MICHAEL, do you have anything to say about anything, or do you just enjoy going around giving negative replies to everyone?  Nope nevermind you are one of those people...

Never mind the 4 makeshift explosives, just think what Seevakumaran could have done with those 2 sinister guns and a 44-oz Big Gulp.

he could have killed, but chose not to during the last moments. maybe we should thank him. or even apologize. shame on society.

The bombs were in his dorm room, but he was in the hall pulling the fire alarm.  He was putting the fire out before it began!  And how did the kid with the gun to his head manage to call 911?   The 30 year old dropout was confused about his mission in life.smart move,thumbs up

Reminds me of the good old days when crazy people just killed themselves.

Reinstituting insane asylums is right, and a swift National death penalty based on all DNA evidence first, to make it just.

Glad this one ended well,even though all those gun laws wouldn't have helped. But did you notice he was charged $330 dollars for an out of date auto tag? He's not the only nut lose in Florida.

A sad day for his parents and family. Proof that when killers want to kill they will find a method whether it be guns or something else. He would have been given an insane defense by a defense attorney but he proved his insanity to the maximum by committing suicide before he could carry out his intended mission.

Live near the campus and there's always some craziness going on; either on campus or in the immediate area. Probably should be expected as I believe it is the second largest university in the U.S. based on student enrollment.

just goes to show you that a gun ban is not going to stop crazy people from doing crazy things.

As a UCF student as well as an OIF/OEF veteran who was on campus just hours before this happened I'm glad that it turned out the way that it did. But I also think that the states and the school board should review their weapons policies so more people than just the police are legally able to carry firearms on campus!

how do we know the roommate didn't do it and changed his mine at the last minute.That could be the gunshot they herd in the beginning. Did the cop check the roommate hand for gun power residue.He may have need it a way out in killed the roommate to put it on him.Am just sayinggggggggggg.

How did he get bombs if they're illegal liberals?Let me get this right 30yr.old college drop out still living in a dorm !?!? What the hell kind of classes was he takeing that at 30 he didnt have a full time job and college on the side-- you would think at that age and still living in a dorm would throw up a red flag to somebody-- he was what they call a pro. student.- he just lived off his tuition money, - man what a world we live in , but at least he did one thing right and killed no one but his own sorry a.s.s.-!".....

The general population is so stupid as to think these individuals - all of which seem to have mental disorders, as your everyday psycho killer gone awry. And it seems no one seems to question why now, when gun control laws are being pushed against people's will, are these "killers" springing out of nowhere. Question instead why so many past presidential murderers have killed themselves after the act. Then question the similarities between these and the current trend of mass killers. Get the hint? Sheeple. It's beyond the perspective of many to think otherwise. Such ignorance.

Very KEY piece of information missing from this, why did he pull a gun on that other student? I wouldnt say it was his roomate becuase I would think he would say that in a 911 call and the media would run with that, but then again all of the info is preliminary and that could be the case, if so then maybe the roomie walked in the room suprising suspect and he pulled the gun before his plans were noticed. regardless this young man inadvertently just saved many lives, kudos to him!

the scary part is if he didnt have the gun to shoot himself we would have had a different ending to the story...NRA should run with this story

the more you put it out there the more !!!! dumb #$%$ are going to see it and try to top it !!!!!!

wow another Sanford Seminole High graduate involved in crazy chit what a suprise.

may god have mercy on his soul for giving him the strength to go alone and harm no innocents

" Seevakumaran"....SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD NAME FOR A TERRORIST... NOW HE CAN GO TO THE SHOW WITH "ACHMED,THE TRRORIST "AND THAT COMEDIAN IN vEGAS....

I'm surprised that the guy killed himself. Judgeing from past incidents in Florida I'd say that the police would probubly just took him to the station and then released him like they did Zimmerman.

Finally, one of these idiots gets it right.There are all law abiding and of sound mind=stupid quote of NRA

ucf has to be so greatfull that they didnt lose anyone today.Good thinking on  that one studient that saved alot of people. He should be thanked by everyone in that dorm. And by the staff of UCF

Let us all pray and rejoice for this brave soldier who wanted nothing more to succeed and do good by everyone. He was a good kid living in a mad society.

I'm glad he committed suicide before hurting anyone. At least he took some sort of responsibility

Once again,someone with a gun shows up and these sick people give up.

Funny, we are not told what kind of gun-but if it was a high capacity semi-auto 9mm.bet they would have announced that.

I'm think I'm more worried about the "home-make" Bombs than the 45 pistol &amp; 22 mag rifle...

sounded like dirty work was being planned good it ended fast

It's Obama's fault

Finally, someone who did the right thing.I like how the cops are taking credit for thwarting this! It was the student that called the police that rattled that kid!

the   studuent  is insane

roger

Oh god start writing your congressmen we need to outlaw bombs now!!!!!!! before someone gets killed!!!!!!

OMFG!!! We need more laws for people who use bombs, we need to ban bombs!! Oh that's right, those laws already exist and guess what, some jerk was still able to get away with it.

This world is just not turning right there days. Scary s*#t man.

Another Obama TSA plot so they can put check points on our streets!

All thoses years in school and failed, but he finally got it right! He took hmself out instead of others. Thank you

Now THAT'S HEADLINE WRITING, PEOPLE!I wonder - did he plan the attack before he died, or after?

Seems we got a reprieve (I Live 15 mins. from UCF) Thank You Lord and please forgive the lost soul who @ the very very end did the right thing and ended his own madness.there goes our rights to build BOMBS. slip that in the bill while your at it white house. oh wait they are already illegal. darn.

lol...Did you guys hear Bill o'Reilly's Divorce bomb?

#$%$

Gotta love how the "authorities" tried to credit themselves instead of giving any credit to the guy for only shooting himself or the person he didn't shoot and called the cops. Human nature at its finest. Love the twisting and manipulation of the truth.

"UCF believes attack was planned by dead student" ... that title makes it sound like he was planning after he was dead.

why did he commit suicide? find the real reason...

Why don't you people get a gun and blow out your brains IN YOUR HOME,I guess killing yourself in public makes you feel more american...

It's good he chose to just take himself out

No if only mass killers would do this in D.C. and focus their craziness on politicians that would be great.

What the hell is wrong with these people!I guess the M-K utra mind-control timing was off a little this time...

Big brother knows more than we all think......but things are still going to happen no matter what.

yeah, but he only killed himself first because the cops were called  and arrived superfast and  he would've been shot down before doing anything anyways. Not all crazy gunmen are gonna shoot themselves first just because someone called the cops.

OMG ban bombs!

Sounds like there was no criminal history so he had a right to buy the guns. If he is mentaly deficent then the health care system needs to pick that up and get that information to the NICS who do the background checks. Florida needs to enact campus carry for CCW same as Colorado. We got off lucky that his roomate saw him getting ready to start his blaze of glory. When he pointed the gun at the roomate who then baracaded in the bathroom and called 911 this guy could have started shooting anyone that moved. He didn't, he shot himself. If I was a student there and had heard shots I would have baracaded myself in the bathroom as well, but I would have had my own .45 in case he made it past the baracade.

And some of you "SO CALLED FELLOW HUMANS" have the audacity to judge another human being! WOW! SERIOUSLY!?

There goes the unpaid loan that he also takes with him.

Now Diane Fineswine can get off of legal gun owners backs and propose new legislation against bombs in backpacks.  Let's see what knee jerk legislation this will bring.  Will she try to ban evil "black" back packs?Reality, thank God the guy offed himself.

It is a good thing when a potential mass murderer steps up and does the right thing.

Guns increase the intelligence of a room.This will never ever stop happening.. these people need to seek professional help...but It would be nice if the doctors care..truth is the doctor just give out medications...send that person right back to work or school with no time off..In my opinion the doctors are to be blamed for allowing mentals,depressed, postpartum depression,stressed, anxiety... not to say these people are bad or harmful to society... but in certain circumstances we have to be protective.. in doing so doctors should be very  lenient and not only medicine should be given but rest time off from the regular lifestyle..But since in this country people are so stressed.. they can't buy food.. can't pay rent.. can't afford to go on vacation.. can;t afford life.. living in this expensive country.. where help seems sooooo far away.. what else can one do.. some people can't deal with stress.. others live with it everyday and are fine.. we the people must help.. should help..there is a problem out there..  for every 10 people in society i come across everyday 9 has some sort of mental issue.. you feel sorry for them but only the doctors can help with meds + some friendship... what's going on this is crazy.. the world is in chaos..+now we have laws like stand your ground laws.. this is not a bad law.. but if your mental well...

The y wa nt yo urbloodAsk St. simon of trent

When will we pass an IED ban?

That's right media keep us busy while the big one is about to be PULLED.Where are yo ur chil dren.Sea rch onl ine. Todays Catholic Church, then sea rch. St. simon trent.

Damn, that was close.

Yes I'm glad that a large amount of people weren't hurt but I find it kind of disturbing that so many people on here say "I'm GLAD he killed himself"

Good for him....We need more nutbags to kill themselves rather than others

These "comments" are nuttier then squirrel turds.

great to see my alma mater in the news....he must've failed Jihad 101 and felt the pressure mounting to prove himself...today was a victory for the good guys.

This guy is a terrorist. Thank goodness lives and time was saved.  Hope full more lunatics will follow in his foot steps and kill themselves BEFORE killing others.Can we ban bombs now as well? Oh wait we already have.....

Did he mess up or have a conscience? I'm guessing he messed up!

Robert, Gary, Stephen, Telestai, Jennifer with the way you people are speaking you sound as sick as the person attempting to commit a criminal attack, color, ethnicity has nothing to do with a criminal, but. I'm sure Stephen you'd like the opportunity to go on a absurd ranting spur, spewing ignorance to even ask the question in a condescending manner of thought speaks for itself and so blantly contradicting and quite disgusting it's the not so American way for the not so true wannabes American. I guess you're not American Indian, right just what I thought a foreigner.

I'm so glad his 2nd amendment rights were protected before he took out the dorm. It's what makes America great.

too bad ole bush didnt do this before invading Iraq, talk about a mass murderer!!

He shot himself as police arrived. You see what happens when there's a good guy with a gun.

I guess I'd be depressed too if I was still living in a college dorm at 30 - #$%$? But yes, I can see why we should all continue to be all up in arms about proposed gun control legislation - clearly it's a much better idea for every whack job to have easy access to a gun. snorts derisively

Wow you people are amazing, why should his only solution be kill himself instead of others? Why not the first solution be get some help? You are all sick and twisted.

What! In 2006 he was arrested for driving with a suspended license.And he was out walking the streets.SMH

I really hope that no one takes their own life or any one elses' I also wish that there was no gun violence  at all. If guns were never invented the world would be a better place, but the fact is they are here. Banning them would only put law abiding citizens in danger.Wow they better start working on making back packs illegal!

Well, we haven't had a mass shooting in a few days. The Nra and their good christian believers are gonna mad. They need some more fear to sell more weapons. What better way than to arm the criminals.

inbred #$%$ down the NRA will give him a moment of silence.

planted explosives

Dammit!! Now they're gonna ban bombs...#$%$!?

" . . . attack was planned by dead student"  saith the headline.  Well, if the dead can vote (overwhelmingly Democrat), why can't they plan attacks?

Let me get this straight, nothing actually happened?

Anyone know what time the Funniest Bloopers come on tonight?

Just Morning classes were canceled?? Weird to think that my dad wanted me to go to UCF. O__o

lets make it illegal to have bombs, or maybe just have a max of 3 bombs per person.When the asylums were closed, the inmates were released and now live among us.  And of course there are many more who have never been institutionalized but need to be.  When is America going to realize that we need to lock these lunatics up?  Yeah, it's going to cost a lot of money - but these mental institutions are necessary to protect the general population.

I am glad that no innocent individuals were harmed in this incident. But please remember he was still someone's son and someone who needed help.

Another member of the well regulated militia keeping us free from tyranny.

they have gates why don't they use them it's a collage !!!!

Incorrect article.  He was planning a massive killing spree with a very deadly Assault Republican.  Better ban those!

Imagine that a muslim.

I notice the thumbs down on many of the post I have read.. Those are from libtards who believe the shooter bomb maker should have killed and blowin up people before he took his life so they "liberals" could make another round per Senator Frankinsein why we need to ban guns.......................... Sorry your bomb maker failed you liberals................ Hehehe...

Wow these comments are sick you really think he was crazy or insane in a world unless you are born with a bunch of money or a privileged mind your destined to fail and live a #$%$ life .......yeah he wasn't crazy he was #$%$ on by the world one to many times he left this world in a way to make a statement I'm not crazy like the others I just had nothing left to look forward too.....

We can only take a little comfort from the fact that no one but the gunman was hurt. We still need to worry about the fact that so many people have guns with which they can act on a momentary surge of rage. Lets rid this country of guns and heal these ill people at the same time, before another disturbed person takes another life.

this needless death was a direct result of obumma not banning guns from american citizens. the poor guys blood is on obummas hands and all the dems in power should have done more to protect him from getting a gun.