It IS of consequence!  It would be an implicit recognition of Israeli claims to Jerusalem.  There's a reason US policy is as it is, and that our embassy is NOT in Jerusalem - despite an AIPAC inspired congressional move from 1994 that each president since has nixed every six months!US foreign policy must NOT be dictated by an AIPAC controlled congress!The boy was born in Jerusalem - NOT Israel!

Just plain Illegal or alien

Some day the wrongs will all be righted and Isreal will just be out all the cash they invested into land that was never theirs.

The World including the United States does not recognize Israel's CONQUEST and OCCUPATION of territory that did not belong to it.   Pretty simple.  Jewish money will continue to flow year after year trying to gain such recognition but it hasn't happened yet.

Watch the court rule in Israel's favor... want to bet on it?

Christian Pilgrims from abroad, as well as local Palestinian Christians are denied access to their Holy Sites. Where is the uproar against this?

Jerusalem is the Capi†ol ☪f Pales†ine and always will be  ♥ ♥ ♥

Stupid is as stupid does. If your American having kids in America is a good idea.  If you value American citizenship it's really stupid to have a kid someplace else.

In Israel, they refer to the American Christian right wing, American "patriots", the Tea Party, etc... as "gullible Goyim". Just keep supporting them like blind sheep and everybody will be happy (they with your money and you actually believing it's biblical to support them).

This is an Interesting case because it opens the door to all Palestinians to list their birthplace as Israel and that would make them citizens of Israel and give them he right to vote in Israeli elections.It was under Islam of the Ottoman empire that allowed Jews to build a templein Palestine. It was the Romans that destroyed the Jewish temple. Te longest peace Jews have ever known  was under Islam. /hwo does Israel treat muslems today?    We USA should take a lesson from that.

If he's an American citizen by rights of being born to his American parents, then what difference is it to him or them to where Jerusalem is considered to be in?  Unless they want to be Israeli citizens then in that case deny them American citizenship and tell them to enjoy their new country whatever it is.

You people are run away Egyptian slaves. You have more right to Cairo than to Jerusalem.

No mother no father... to wipe away my tearsThat’s why I won’t cryI feel scared ... but I won’t show my fearsI keep my head highDeep in my heart, I never have any doubtThat Pales†ine †omorrow will be freeJerusalem is the Capi†ol f Pales†ine and always will be ♥ ♥ ♥

According to international law, Jerusalem is part of Palestine.  Israel settlements are illegal. America andIsrael signed the Geneva convention.  This person was born in illegaly occupied Palestine.

Nobody recognizes Jerusalem as the Capital of Israel. Get over it "Jews from Europe".. Jerusalem is, has been and always will be Palestinian.

One God, and One People, are united with the blood of their righteous father Abraham. And the children of Ismael (Arabs) and Isaac (brown skin True Jews) will be Free, and live in Peace and Justice in Jerusalem as destined. Because God controls all things.

Does anyone here really care about this petty issue?

Time to get rid of duel citizenship for all.  Either you're an American or you're not.

If you look at the UN decision on Israel and Palestine you will see this issue was decided a long time ago and Israel is trying to change a UN resolution it didn't like.Resolution 2254(es-v) The UN has stated that 3 things can happen with Jerusalem.1. It becomes a international city with no capitals inside the city.2.A joint capital of Israel and Palestine on the 1967 Green line border.(( But only after peace is made.))3. Capital of Palestine WITHOUT Israel.The opinions/reccomendations by country is on the UN website:~Will/should Jerusalem be Israel's capital city?America: NORussia:   NOGB      NOCanada   NO OPINION.That white Askenazic European trash, are all false jews, and children of satan. Abrahams children Ismael( Islam) and Isaac(True Judaism) both religions reject homosexulity. The Askenazics false jews in America, and in false israel support homosexuality as normal.

The Arabs and the brown skin Sephardi, the true Jews have three things that bind them, (1) They both worship the one and only God. (2) They both have the same father, Abraham, and (3) they both have the same enemy trying to destroy them, the white, racist, lying European Askenazic false jews.

Jews are still digging to find their birth right , hell.

Abraham's children are Ismael(Arabs) and Isacc (brown Sephardi Jews) and according to the laws of God, Jerusalem belongs to the children of Abraham. And since the Arabs and Sephardi Jews were living in peace in Jerusalem before the arrival of that white Askenazic trash, the false jews, according to the law of the land, Jerusalem belongs to Abraham's children and will be defended from that white Askenazic trash, by Any Means Necessary!

Where sare all the "Khazarian-Jew  Paid Trolls"   kissing Israel #$%$ ?

A bunch of white Europeans stole Judaism, and is trying to destroy Judaism and Islam with their homosexuality, racism, and lies. All whites in the Middle East need to go back to Europe.

Jerusalem exist and Israel will never exist.

Oh, by the way. Only congress can approve of any foriegn treaty with a 2/3 vote required in the Senate.  Hope this helps the federal judge in deciding if the president or congress can decide on recognition of borders of other countries.

if he's born in jerusalem, how is he american?

Zionists are at work to undermine the U.S,and to get a grip on the entire Jerusalem be it by h-ok or cro-k.The U.S is unto you COLONIZER.All religions need to be abolished.

The Israeli Knesset passed a Jerusalem Law declaring united Jerusalem to be Israel's capital in 1980, although the clause "the integrity and unity of greater Jerusalem (Yerushalayim rabati) in its boundaries after the Six-Day War shall not be violated" was dropped from the original bill. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 condemned this and no countries today have located their embassies in Jerusalem; however, Bolivia and Paraguay have their embassies in Mevaseret Zion, a suburb 10 km west of Jerusalem.

Jerusalem is occupied territory. Period.

It is not theirs.

Jerusalem belongs to Abraham's children. And Abraham had two sons, Ismael the father of the Arabs, and Isacc, the father of the brown skin Sephardi Jews. Therefore you white trash Askenazic false jews, go back to Europe, your father is satan.

Should read Jerusalem Occupied Palestine.

Deport this little effer to Cuba.  Let him live out his days with Etian Gonzalez.This siht is effin poiintless...........

Jerusalem is not in the US and will never be. Why would they even receive an American passport is a joke.

Jerusalem is the Capi†ol f Pales†ine and always will be ♥ ♥ ♥

Take away the religious hooey related to Jerusalem and it's just another worthless dunghill. Humans are a bunch of stupid MFers.Leave it to jewish people to create a stupid-az problem where none really exists.For crying out loud, the stupid brat has an American Passport.....what more do ya want?EFF OFF.

It is easier for a Palestinian from the West Bank or Gaza to go to New York, than it is to go through the checkpoints into Jerusalem.

What about 11 million illegal aliens, no problem,  What a joke the govt is.

Jerusalem is under international 'control'; it is not considered Israel's "property" - this is why the debate and discussion.  Israel wants Jerusalem.  Israel cannot have Jerusalem.Little-by-little...the methodical way Israel works is really educational.If you want to learn Machiavellian ways, look to Israel.  If you are studying an ant colony; compare it to Israel.  If you are looking for "linking", look to Israel.Israel has taken the laws of physics and the nature of man and beast, creating a working model...well, for everything - it is worth studying.My disdain for Israeli policies is noted; however, my admiration for their usage of knowledge is also noted.Still, NO, to Jerusalem being written, as the territory of Israel.  It is under international domain.

Many Christians and Moslems born in Jerusalem are not considered Israeli by the Israelis.They are forced out.

Are his parents American born?  In other countries, unless you are a citizen your child  is not a citizen of that country.   The U.S. Embassy issues your child a passport.  (We are the only country that gives citizenship to children of ILLEGALS or foreigners, ie. china, japan,etc who come to this country during the last months of pregnancy on visitors visas just to get their child born on American soil.)  The main reason this is before the Supreme Court is that the U.S. will be saying that Jerusalem belongs to Israel.  Right before obama makes his visit.

Like stalin once is said to have stated about the pope, how divisions has the pope?  International control is in a similar state, it doesn't have any power except some to the few that care.  If you don't care, it has zero power.

If you don't like how your passport reads, no problem, find another country to issue you a passport and live there!

Jerusalem is a stand alone entity.Jerusalem belongs to the world, not any country, especially a country that discriminates against Christians and Moslems in favor of giuze.

If your passport says Jerusalem or Israel, may cause you problems if you want to enter an arab country.  They probably will deny entery.Well, a birthplace is a birthplace and should be listed in respect for the truth.  Are they Americans?  Yes, IF their parents are.  Are they Israeli?  No, just because they were born there doesn't define citizen status.

lawyers wow from a differant planet.remmber asking on e question about state and it took him 2 hours to say no to my question he kept saying he needed more information.

Attention, Zionists.One real good way to get the majority of Americans on your side...is to make a mockery of our justice system by bending it to personal interests.Keep it up.

Those white lying creatures, claiming to be Jews are Khazar pagans, and need to go back to Europe.

Zivotofsky....thats not even a jewish name.Thats a russian pretending to be jewish.

If 90% of the world feels the Jews are in the wrong were they ever really persecuted in the first place or was it just justice being carried out?

I hope it was worth payin a lawyer to push this stupid siht thru the court system.Personally, I think I could live with "Jerusalem" as my birth place.Nobody's effin lookin at yer dam passport anyway.I fail to see why these whiners are peein in the pants just cuz it doesnt say "Israel".Get a life.

he needs to go to Hawaii for his passport ID.

What does his Birth Certificate say regarding Birth Place? That should be the determining factor.

Everyone calm down and don't worry.... the J-3-W-Z will get their way yet again in OUR country.------- patheticI got the solution to this petty non-issue.Take Menachem there to Guatanamo, and water-board his #$%$.then we'll find out where he's from.

We should fix our illegal immigration problem by securing ourborders finally and start deporting illegals !

Definition of a Zionist:A religious zealot willing to kill other jews to prove his righteousness.

Jerusalem is the capitol of Israel and always will be

Obama hates Israel, so, of course, he's saying "NO".

Ahh, the same State Department that no longer permits parents to be identified on a child's passport as the mother and the father but instead parent #1 and parent #2 (and maybe even parents #3 and #4 in the future) in the name of political correctness?

I wander what the reaction would be if an American who also happened to be of Palestinian ancestry was born in Jerusalem and wanted Jerusalem, Palestine to appear in his/her passport as their place of birth?

And what do illegals have to do with this article? I swear, none of you even read!

Can someone help me figure this out........My grandfather was born in Israel, but traveled to Central America. Met my grandma and from this marriage they had 2 children. What's their nationality?

The Askenazics are White Europeans who are all false Jews. They are Khazar pagans and that is why the Askenezics in America support homosexuality. The only place in the Middle East that support homosexuality is in dirty israel.Wouldn't that child have to be born in the American embassy considered American soil,otherwise that child would be considered isreali.

Goulda Maier was born in Chicago....

Israel it is...there will be no doubt when they start building their new Temple next year.

How is listing Jerusalem as place of birth different from listing Omaha, Los Angeles, or Miami?

So is this kid in the US illegally or not?

Does the kid want a US passport ... or not?Then quit belly-aching about what's written on the dam "birthplace" line....Its an American passport.......not an Israeli passport.Dayum y'alls dum.

There is no real interest on the other side is nonsense. The Palestinians weren't invited to submit and weren't even told about the vote.Another Jew using the media to lie to Americans.

Americans are tired of jewish greed and corruption. Get back to Isreal so the Arabs can take care of you.

When my relatives came to America, in one census they listed Russia as their birthplace. Ten years later, they listed Poland. That's the way it is. Things change to reflect reality. Israel controls Jerusalem, so there is nothing incorrect in listing that. I say second-guess THIS president on everything!

don't need one in the U.S. if your here illegal !Go to Hawaii, they just hand out ID and Birth Certificates and POOF American citizen.

{"But the Supreme Court last year overturned the ruling and sent the case back down to the appeals court to decide whether the law was constitutional."}I thought the Supreme Court determined Constitutional questions.

The Jewish Federal Appeals Court will decide what US King Ben Netanyahu commands. Then Isreal's "US" Surpeme Mafia Corp-Court will back their Wall Street looting and oil war King Ben's commandment.It's simple confirming Israel's defeated US ATM subjects now kneeling to acknowledge its crime family junta from Wall Street. Be justifiably proud (as Jewish media admonishes you 24-7) paving Israel's "biblical" path to bigger defcit taxpaid looting bank and oil war riches. Shalom Mossad-CIA ops media rapid-response attackers: List slurs and insults from your King Ben corp-media-contractors here:_________________________________

It's all Israel.

Hmm, every day yahoo seems to have something, no matter how mundane, putting issues with Israel on top of the news.  And some have been harldly newsworthy.  In this case, the news is that once again, the State Dept anti-semitism is showing.  Just go back to WWII when they refused to grant German Jews papers to come to the U.S., even after Roosevelt ordered it.  Guess that's why the continually arm terrorists like in Libya, Egypt, Syria, etc.

My sister was born overseas and her passport says Tokyo Japan as her birth place.My father was in the military .

So who is dictating whom.? Israel or America? Never forget that lawmakers are financed in their election by Israel in USA.

GID,Israel allows all religions access to their holy sites.  When the Arabs controlled Jerusalem under the Jordanian occupation, Jews were not allowed to visit their holy sites and many Jewish holy sites were destroyed or used as garbage dumps.  Currently, the only people not allowed access to their holy sites are Jews who are not allowed to visit the Temple Mount or, generally, Joseph's tomb, while Moslems are allowed unfettered access. Israel does not, and never has, denied Christians access to their holy sites.

If Israel is occupying the area then it is part of Israel. Don't like it? Change it. Saying something is or should be does not make it so.

Its the LAST days.Resolution 252: declares invalid Israel's acts to unify Jerusalem as Jewish capital.

There is no such thing as a palestinian nation.  Jerusalem is the capitol of Israel.  The took when they kicked the #$%$ out of their aggressive neighbors.  What's the big deal?  Are we, of all people, going to start telling other nations they have to give back land they took in war?  That's a joke.  I guess we will just have to pack up and go some where and give this whole country back to the natives and the mexicans.

Resolution 476: reiterates that Israel's claim to Jerusalem are null and void.

Children born in the US, whose parents are illegal immigrants,are granted citizenship.

They make a big deal about this but do not worry about the illegals that are in this country and let them stay?

It is too bad that some Jews will not recognize the obvious: The USA is THE promised land.  Many American Jews, who refuse to immigrate to Israel, acknowledge that the USA is the true land of opportunity, freedom and justice.  No need to go occupy Palestine unless you are intent on building a religious enclave where only Jews have all the rights.  In America, all persons of whatever faith or ethnicity have all the same rights.  One does not need to be a Christian or a Jew to have all the rights of anyone else, whether Muslim or Hindu or Shinto or Mormon.  Jews in Israel oppress Muslims and prosper at the expense of Muslims.  Jews in America do not oppress Muslims and prosper because they are Americans.

If you're born there, that's your birthplace, like OBOZO was born in Kenya, he's not American.

Politicians acting stupid again... Jerusalem is in Israel. That is a fact even if morons have no clue. Saying a person is born in Jerusalem, Israel is not saying that Israel 'owns' Jerusalem but merely that Jerusalem is geographically in Israel. Don't we have more important things to worry about?

"The United States has refused to recognize any nation's sovereignty over Jerusalem since Israel's creation in 1948" So what does the state department recognize Jerusalem as?

President's early in our history began to exercise power that was not theirs to exercise. As a result, the loss of our freedoms are being savagely drained with each new president. This president, so far, is the most hideous abuser of power to date!The real question is, "Where was Obama born?" Certainly not in Hawaii. !

Resolution 267: censures Israel for administrative acts to change the status of Jerusalem.

Jerusalem belongs to Israel.

Jerusalem is nothing to Islamists and Arabs particularly. They neglected it and when the Jews revived the city - they want it back. And I want Lamborghini in my garage.

Google this great article.   Or go on Youtube and search for Dr. Mordechai Kedar Jerusalem.Watch his great interview where he destroys the lies of the Arabs and Al Jazeera about Jerusalem.  Jerusalem belongs to Israel and Israel only.Google this article.Israeli on Arab TV: J'lem Was Ours When Moslems Worshipped IdolsA Bar Ilan Univ. researcher told Al Jazeera, "Jews were in Jerusalem while Muslims were drinking wine; we don’t need your permission to build."Tzvi Ben Gedalyahu6/4/2008,

1: When did Jerusalem serve as a capital to any Arab Country? Never.2: When did Jerusalem serve as a Palestinian capital? Never.3: Only Israel have had Jerusalem as there capital in Ancient and modern times. Jerusalem was never in history an Arab capital and never will be one.4: How many times is Jerusalem mentioned in the Koran? Zero. Was Mohammed to so badly educated, he could not utter the word “J-e-r-u-s-a-l-e-m”

Israel existed 1500 years before Muhammad was born. Look at Islamic countries and look at Sharia laws. Its a brutal, violent and an intolerant religion. It produces the most inhumane people on this planet. Besides Saudi Arabia, the entire Middle East and North Africa was never Arab or Muslim. The thieving Arabs stole all the land from the Native peoples in the Middle East and North Africa in the 7th century and forced everyone they colonized to become Muslim. Anyone that didn’t convert, had there heads cut off. The Jews resisted the Mohammad and didn’t convert. There is a primary historical fact, that must be established now. There has never been, I repeat NEVER been, a civilization, Entity, or a nation referred to as “Palestine” There was never a Palestinian tribe, and there was never a Palestinian country in the Land of Israel to begin with! Israel is not for sale. It is not a pie to be sliced up and served to a clan of killers and their supporters.

Jerusalem is the undivided ETERNAL Capital of the State of Israel !!!

This is certainly a non-issue, and typical of the communists to make a fuss over something like this. Of course it's Israel.

If a Kenyan born can become US President, in clear violation ofour Constitution, and people who break our immigration laws arenot "immediately" deported, then why are we wasting time talkingabout this !!The last time I looked on a map, Palestine wasn't on it.

Who cares.

Jerusalem=Capital of Israel. How much more difficult is it to accept this? Their parliament is in Jerusalem, their President and Prime Minister are in Jerusalem, all the major government offices are in Jerusalem.

What's this??? Obama follows in Bush's footsteps????? W-O-W!!!!  More of Obama's deceptions keep coming to light!

Jerusalem is the defacto capital of Israel.  Like it or not.

Jerusalem is under the control of Israel, not the UN or anyone else. It is time that the world recognize the facts on the ground and not their wishful thinking.

Jerusalem is the land of the jews for longer than the US's existence....the existence of christianity and that of ISLAM...enough said

Why do we have a say where Israel wants to have its capitol. I like the name Peking but China changed it to Beijing. What if I say know that is wrong. Who is right.

GOD says that Jerusalem belongs to Israel. Who the hell is Obama, congress, or any other humanbeing to differ with that.

So put down Jerusalem, Mars or Palestinian Non-Authority.If he was born in Jerusalem, he is Israeli. The State Department has always been anti Israel, so what they do is nothing new.

"A 2002 law says yes, but the State Department says no."Easy, the LAW said yes, the state dept nuts opinion does not count period.

Where I was born, not so important, When? a little more so, How? I live my life is very, very important. Then ask about my race or ancestry?, why?, as to say that How doesn't matter if I have a certain this or that in my heritage? wishful thinking ?

Put down Jerusalem: Unite Nations of N.K, Iran, Hamas, Hizbollah, Sudan...

The Jewish quarter of Jerusalem would be Israel.

Jerusalem is Israel. For all those who ignore the history just like those who deny holocust must know that Israel and Jerusalem ore ONE. Always has been, is and for ever will be.

Israel + jerusalem= world.all you idiots, biggots, kkk, nutsiz,..arabs...suck a kosher hot dog. A juicy one.

maybe we could kick the state department out of Washington....and tell them theircapitol is really in Tijuana ......wonder...

Birthplace-- hospital  taxi at home in a tent why does where matter.

For all the people saying Israel has no claim to Israel. This info is accessible to all with a computer and the brains to type.The first use of the term Palestine to refer to the land between Phoenicia and Egypt was in 5th century BC Ancient Greece. Herodotus wrote of a district of Syria called Palestine in The Histories, the first historical work clearly defining the region, which included the Judean Mountains and Jordan rift Valley and formed part of the 5th persian satrapy.The term was first used to denote an official province in 135 AD, when Roman authorities, following the suppression of the Bar Kokhba Revolt, combined ludaea Province with Galilee and other surrounding cities such as Ashkelon to form "Syria Paleastina," which some scholars say was done to complete dissociation from Judea.It wasnt until the Byzantine period (330-1453 AD), the entire region (Syria,Palestine, Samaria, and the Galilee) was named Paleastina, subdivided into provinces Paleastina 1 and 2. Byzantines also renamed an area of land including the Negev, Sinai, and the west coast of the Arabian Peninsula as Paleastina Salutaris.The use of the word "Palestine" in English became more common after the European Renaissance (14th-17th century). It was officially revived by the British after the fall of the Ottoman Empire (1299-1922) and applied to the territory that was placed under the Palestine Mandate.3300-1000 BC- Canaanite/Egyptian period. The land is referred to as Canaan/Djahy. These are the people before the Israelites.1000-732 BC- Isrealite period. Assyrians take over the land in 732 BC and then the Babylonians, Persians, Greeks, Romans and not until 638 AD did Arabs have it.638-1099 AD- Arab Caliphate period. This matters because modern "Palestinians" are Arabs and Muslims somehow lay claim to Jerusalem as a "holy" city for them, which is ridiculous since Islam was not around until around 610 AD. They were not there before the Israelis.A Hebrew University archaeologist discovered a Jerusalem city wall from the time of King Solomon (10th century BC), and said the finding “is the first time that a structure from that time has been found that may correlate with written descriptions of Solomon’s building in Jerusalem.” Artifacts found inside excavations around the City of David and within the Old City, the Temple Mount and Solomon’s Stables date the Jewish presence in Jerusalem as far back as 1000 BC, during the time of King David.This is not my opinion, but just simple facts.I threw my defunct US passport into the Baltic Sea years ago.... thankfully.

Try that with Mexico!

islam is a hate crime muslim obamie.

It only makes since that Jerusalem is ans should always be in and part of Israel!

This should be held illegal.

Maybe the world should refuse to accept Washington DC as the capital of the US.Jerusalem has been the capital of Israel for thousands of years. Zac.12:2-3

Really, tell me why Jerusalem belongs to anyone but Israel?

What is this? An article about Israel and only 65 posts? Where are all the nutzis, arabs, Anti-Semites, KKK, .....???? They must be sick.

Obama's first visit coming up but he was sure to visit his motherland and all the other Islam countries.  He just #$%$ on Isreal and the jewish religion.  What amazes me is how many jews are liberal.

This is stupid. What goes on his passport is not going to cause a problem. The State Dept is the problem..I wonder how an American would feel if a foreign country denied someone their passport birth status if born in NYC based on the island being stolen from the native Americans??  this makes no sense

So why do people think Jerusalem belongs to who? the Palistinians what, maybe Jordon or even Syria! whatever just dont let the Jews have it!!!!!!!!.  Really just let the rightfull owner have Jerusalem the hole world really cant think it should go to anyone but Israel.

AMERICAN that's what matter and that only! There should be no other loyalty. I understand fighting for your faith, but fighting for another country using your rights as American? God forbid, if something happens between the US and Israel it's not going to be pretty in America.

hey cann how do you identify a pole? by the sheet stain in his wallet, dumb jerks

So the State Department just makes it's own laws now instead of following the Law of the Land.....

The U.S. and most nations do not recognize Jerusalem as the capital=-------But Israel does and it is their country..the arabs are the ones who pushed this funny since Jerusalem was founded by Jewish King Davi

why do the parents even care?  everyone knows jerusalem is in israel, right?  seems like they are the ones getting all hyper over nothing.

The duty of UN is not to create international law, rather to uphold it. There is no law that states that Palestine is occupied land. UN statements, especially in regard to Israel, have been dominated by political and diplomatic policies.

Palestine was never a state. Israel is. Palestinian nation, referred to in the Bible, no longer exists. Palestinian Arabs are ethnic Arabs who reside in the area used to be called Palestine.

Delusional Moslems pretending Israel doesn't exist. Like the Moslem in the White House.