Anyone in America listening there is a lesson here.

They've done the damage already - people are aware now that this could really happen, so the bank runs will happen either way

Just the tip of the iceberg as far as the "New World Government" goes.Keep your eye on the U/N promoting world wide financial programs.Stay on the Alert America -

Headline should read "DEPOSIT SEIZURES"

You cannot un-ring a bell.  The damage has been done with the threat of this levy and there will be a panic in the financial markets starting in Asia tomorrow.  Cyprus should be forced out of the EU and allowed to inflate their own currency.  Of course, several others will need to follow.  The EU is basically a failed socialist experiment.  Socialists always want to broaden their financial base to make the wealth redistribution work better.  That's why all the Federal social programs we now have in the USA, rather than state-level.  But socialism NEVER works and is always the public-sector parasite killing the private-sector host.

Crooked politians and the lazy will wipe us all out.

The wanted this done today before futures trading opend in japan . Massive sell off comming

So the "Eurogroup" say taxing savers is OK - Wow - next they will take it all!Watch out America - The plague is comming.

Doesn't set a precedence my foot!  Who in their right mind is going to put their money into a bank and let the Eurozone steal it?  Since the amount of interest earned is so miniscule anyway I'd take mine out and keep it in a safe deposit box.  Let the bank runs begin!  Let the banks fail!  You can't bail them all out and to pretend otherwise is just to protect the big players not the small ones.

No doubt that socialism will destroy all those that work hard and live on less than they make. The ones the sacrifice for security wll lose to those that wish to take take take from the central government.  This is Obama's idealology also, give give give to the worthless and take take take from the producers.  Socialism destroys the human spirit for the sake of making life easy for a bum.Only in liberal lala land, is outright theft of deposits by government to bailout private business considered a "levy"

Don't worry, tomorrow morning, bright and early, Ben will press the "enter" button and $50 billion will be shipped to Cyprus, the banks will be saved, Cyprus will be saved, the Eurozone will be saved, Wall Sreet will rejoice that everything is great and the Dow will go up 1000 points.

Yeah the best way to prevent the collapse of a banking system is to go out of your way to cause a run on the aforementioned system. Somebody was sleeping during Econ 101

Sounds like they have the depositors between a rock and a hard spot.

For those that don't believe me on the loan to deposit ratio of 2/1 the story was posted on the free biz site zero hedge  yesterday . You would learn a lot more from that site about what's going on in biz than you would from here. Very extensive articles about the ecb and u s

socialism failing again.  just wait until they do this in the us on bank accounts, 401ks, etc.

Gee that's like having to choose between being shot by a 357 handgun or a 22 handgun. Both are going to hurt its just a matter of how big of a hole they make in you.

Another example of those who work and save supporting those who will not.

Everything is unique to the ecb . These clowns never fixed a damn thing to begin with . They have a loan to deposit ratio of 2/1. How do you run a bank like that? The entire eu is done

And what will stop people from making a bank run tomorrow? If someone took 10% of my deposits overnight why would I keep the rest in the bank? What if the Troika decides to impose another 10% haircut in 6 months? Then lose more deposits? And how about the ones  with mortgages and loans. What if they decide to stop making payments to their loans in retaliation to their deposits haircuts? Either way the banking system will collapse.This isn't the enyire story . Vote delayed until yomortow and most likly will not pass . Both major banks to be oob bythe 21 . Bank runs to start in europe tomorrow . The ecb has no back stop to prevent any of this from happening . None . They have no plan . They have a loan to deposit ratio of 2/1. If you want the real story go to a free biz site called zero hedge . Not yahoo . Reuters is a liberal crackhead site that manure left wing bs fed . Z h has a ton of in depth articles that will tell you exactly what's going on

Who would've thought that an island full of Greeks, and not America, would be the next Greece?

This is more than scary.  This is beyond belief.  Maybe we need details.

This is basically the end of the Cyprus' banking system. Let us also see what will be the implications for the banking systems of such countries as Greece, Spain, Italy etc.

Socialism at its finest!

wow I can't think of a better way to cause a run on the banks. Maybe williard winning the election .Don't worry CNBC will blow this out of proportion and if they try hard enough maybe they can stop the run of the S&amp;P. Theywill have the experts on telling you what to do.

BIG BIG mistakes by the EU on this bailout.   Firstly this shows that personal deposits in bank accounts are no longer guaranteed, no matter what governments say.  Secondly, once again the German bondholders have been saved. Big German banks and persion funds who made bad investments are being bailed out by the savings of poor Cypriot people.

F the New World Older!

Or they could just print that money and tax everybody 20% through the tax of inflation. Thats how Obama does it.

There isn't enough money for everyone to withdraw their money - the choice here is give up 6% of your savings (10% for those with over 100k in savings) or lose it all when the economic system collapses and the banks go bankrupt. Given that choice the decision seems obvious to me.....The EU is a big nasty German/French empire. Southern Europe must resist!

The Eurocrats badly miscalculated here.  There was no reason to attach impairment to the bailout terms of a small and insignificant country like Cyprus.  This tool should have saved for the upcoming bailout of Spain or Italy. Now Europeans know there is a 6 to 10 percent premium in storing money in a mattress rather than in an insolvent bank.  Let the bank panics begin.

EU now beginning to show their real hand ! Doing whatever it takes is a euphemism for keeping Germany and France happy and sod everyone else . Will the rush on the banks spread elsewhere now ......what would you be thinking if  you were in  PIGS ?

LOL. While the Cypriots get their first dose of austerity, the finance ministers of the EU and their private creditors will head back to their mansions , all in a days work well done.

I expect to see Greece's banks have a run on them forcing the government to rescind the tax. If they do not rescind the tax then I expect to see a collapse in the Euro. Looks like the excuse the market has been looking for to correct.

H is for Haircut.  B is for Bankrun.

This is robbery by the EU.   This is immoral and wrong on so many levels.

Get your money out of banks people verywhere before the IMF and other corporatist instruments come to save the rich and powerful using your money.  This is capitalism run amok.

Capitalism sucks.

Silly Cypriots:  Why did you trust your corporatist(crony capitalist) government to be true to their word.The Germans and their northern European collaborators want to scare off depositors from southern Europe and make them deposit their money in Germany. The #$%$ and their collaborators are on the march again to take over Europe. This time without firing a single shot.

when only cops and criminals have guns how much easier it will be to 'redistribute wealth'

I wonder, is this the product of off-shore policy?  rich become richer and poor poorer

What happens if all Cypriots withdraw their money from the banks ?Wouldn't that cause much more problems and require a further bailout ?

GOOGLEPIGS how illuminati call Portugal, Italy, Greece, Spain: why are "far left" leaders every day on TV repeating the broken record?PIGS: how illuminati call three former colonial empires together with GreecePortugal, Spain and Italy are three former colonial empires that illustrate the neo-colonial end time paradox (1):- after being first neo-colonised, they now move peacefully or without organized resistence from colonialism to colonial slavery;- their former colonies move from neo-colonialism to finally becoming truly independent.The illuminati openly call them PIGS, together with Greece, supposedly in reference to the first character of each one, with Ireland also included not changing anything: PIIGS.

Good God !  This has been going on all over the place...........whats the #$%$ anser.....

The people who spent their way into debt are alive today and are the people of Cyprus via their complaisant politicians.  I actually think that this is a reasonable decision since otherwise isn't it the children and grand-children of these people who are on the hook for punted debt ?? Any bailouts should have some skin in the game from those who created the mess, even if your name is Goldman-Sucks.

secret meeting in ottawa today : canadian bankers discuss freeze on some accounts !