wow thats a heck of an article! Pharmaceutical companies rip off sick people &amp; cause them not to get treatment because of greedy unregulated pharm companies! I know someone who is not getting the best cancer treatment because they can't afford the pricey drugs &amp; just has to suffer the side effects of the chemo/radiation. Oh, it doesn't matter they say, let them drown in their own vomit and suffer they say, not their problem they say. I say Regulate the cost of drugs now!!! &amp; who can make cheaper generic version of a drug that can help someone!

Pharmacuetical companies need control.  A firm shephard to guide them.

Time to get out of stocks for at least 1-2 months.   Buy back in after a correction which is well overdue by any measure.  Don't breeze over Obama's equalize wealth agenda he wrote about so easy. It is coming.No jobs, $16-20 trillion debt, half the country on welfare, high unemployment and lost homes, free HC we can't afford and at least 11 million illegals he is keeping.  When people are getting paid unemployment for 4 1/2 years and falling off benefits with no good job, things are bad!

Final glance: Big Pharma is still evil, guilty as sin, Illuminati, microchipped, and they suck huge, saggy, schweaty BALLZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

its time to rise up against these glorified drug dealers. poisening our children . for no other reason then greed . period

two thirds of the cost of drugs is in legal fees. The generic houses and some drug company "entrepreneurs" bombard the big companies with lawsuits. All Merck or Eli Lilly has to do is not show up to one of the court dates and the other side gets the patent.Write your congressasses about that. They must get a lot of money from the trial lawyers assoc to keep us screwed this bad.

instead of sta#$%$ing a term used in counting your goods is not allowed on a money sight?

all i want is a new car for this one , a app for people taking pictures in mirrors ,make a app to make phone not in the pictures or a app to make toilets disipere

band aids and ammo ,water bottle company's are to invest in.

calimite sto#$%$ if you can get it and mobile gambling is a new trend coming,invest in that .the leading cause of death is medical doctors, specifically, the drugs they prescribe.

Only takes pennies to manufacture pills and sell them for 1000x markup, how could they loose.

Pharmaceutical Companies The Reason The CURE For Cancer or any Other Disease has been Found. A Couple Of Pills A Day Makes Them Billions A Year But We Are NONE The Wiser. Now Go Take Your Meds....

Hash oil cures what keeps me down

One would think that the amount of call open interest will force them to sell which should bring the price down hard. I've seen this before where the open interest is so much greater on the call side but the volume on expiration day still doesn't show any selling. Can anyone school me on this or direct me to a site that's helpful as most have not been. You'd think since most contacts expire worthless they'd be out to burn whichever side (calls or puts) has the highest amount... With the follwing info that i typed it has room to go down quite a bit... Even with them keeping the amount of the settlement for 1 case of many secret, it still won't go down.

PFE is a buy at todays price as is BMRN.  PFE is goo and safe but BMRN is the best strock growth stock onthe market   I own both

Why does AP cover stocks?  They do not know anything worth while about stocks.They have ni real real reserch - psychobable!

Does anyone else find it odd and amusing that 1 share of Pfizer is less than 1 -100 Mg Viagra pill. They are going to price themselves right out of the market. Leaving their investors limp and unfullfilled.....

Slow down in Pharmaceuticals but it is strong enough.

The liberals will close the pharmaceuticals and the 60,000,000 ethnics with the idiot other democrats will start dropping dead from no free drugs and the country will again become a republic.the 10 yr deal forced on the president of the united states has another 8 yrs of contracts locked into health care. these stocks are going to stay solid for another 8 yrs, as long as the gov't can continue to pay the bills.

J&amp;J, just a blood suck leach on Health Care cost!

You should read this profileCopy and Paste this to your browser - y.ahoo.it/bt3J2