i read an article that it cost silver mining companies about 25 bucks to mine 1 oz of silver

Is this being done by the Chinese ?  I know they don't do much during New Year festivities

I had to stand in a line to sell physical silver......       And, they can mine the stuff for a fraction of the cost.    I sell a market topping.....

Now doesn't anybody else find it funny that everybody is trying to push investments in silver and gold all of the sudden? But I do know some inside information on that one. Afghanistan tends to be filled with gold and silver deposits once they start mining those the opium will be mildly interesting. No doubt this will drive the price down.

The ???????????? Is. Why is hecla mining going down. A low cost silver miner. A good mine coming back on line. It should be  at $10.00 or more by now. Is it the management that is doing this. I ask. Yes. I have some stock in hecla mining. Will keep for now to vote for some new management. This miner is to good to be like this. Thank you. Richard magin

what's a nickel made out of? it costs 2.2cents to make a penny.

Well said Billy - you should be running the Fed.

i have 10oz silver apmex bar

Eventually, paper money will attain its intrinsic value = Zero!

when is silver going to brake out its duesilver coins... they are already fractionated.  How do you buy bread with a gold bar?  Or even a $5 gold piece?  file some off?  Silver comes in war-nicks, dimes, quarters, halfs, dollars... with known silver content and will trade at a premium to silver value as they are easy to barter with and should be considered a hard "currency".  I have gold coins, but in the end I feel my moderate sized ($250 + face) silver hoard is better positioned if the western governments  manage to completely destroy the world economy....

J.P.morgan Short,s Silver Who were the BIG,s TAP DANCEER THIS WEEK

one day soon silver will skyrocket and all the people that dont have it will be singing the blues.

ya

put all your money into silver bars and coins.

Done

You would believe you could easily make $200 to $1,000 a day trading Gold? Want some proof? Google "Gold Trading Academy" and watch our free demonstration coming up....