If a bank robber tells you he doesnt remember robbing a bank, do you believe him, or think he's a liar? If he didnt put it in his diary, do you assume it didnt happen?

I feel Juan Martinez did a great job today.  Although he has one gear, at least he called the witness "sir".  Just as he had called the defendant "madam".  I LOVE HIS STYLE in this particular case.  I am an absolute fan of his!!  Go JUAN!!

That's the problem with crying wolf - eventually people stop believing you.

arias is a liar &amp; a murderer. cannot understand what is taking so long to get this trial done...

I was absolutely floored yesterday when I saw this pitiful excuse of a psychologist smile at Jodi and she smiled back.  Don't they know the jury is watching them?  If I was on trial for my life I would cry from the time the trial started until it ended. Jodi truly thinks this jury is going to set her free.

Juan Martinez was perfect yesterday. He dissected a witness who's job it was to analyze the defendant, but the witness overstepped his boundaries and became a friend to the defendant. Can't wait to watch today!

He has developed a relatonship with her . If there was a problem with this , her defense had a chance in the beginning to claim all of this. Why now at the end of the trial? It's all just to put the jury in a fog. It;s kind of like what Casey A . defense tried to do when they said " Oh we now think her dad had something to do with it" All it did was confuse the jury . I'm sure this jury is not buying it.

Jodi is a lyin' conniving beeotch.  She probably deserved her mother spanking her with a wooden spoon.

Juan is just awesome!!!!! Dr. Samuels was shaking like a chihuahua. The fog has descended upon him.

Does the prosecutor have grounds to impeach the current expert Witness Samuels due to obtaining a diagnosis based on lies told to him by Jodi Arias? And listening today, March 19th, it seems he is very biased "for" Jodi Arias as when he says it was irrelevant that Jodi lied about incidences in the test? Then, how can he sit there when there is a number rating from 75-85 and her score is 69 and say she has PTSD??? Something seems to be amiss here and to an ordinary person sitting watching this - he would be a perfect witness to impeach OR dismiss the entire testimony - Jodi Arias is good at manipulating even a psychologist - since no new test was administered, it should be dismissed - and shame on him that lying about breast images on Travis's computer are not important???? If that is not important then the picture of a boy in underpants NEVER HAPPENED - MY OPINION - SHE IS GUILTY AS CHARGED -What a joke? This paid witness must have been bought on sale at Walmart. Leaves documents behind on his desk and uses a test given before Jodi changed her story for the third time for his claim of PDSD whatever #$%$ that is. Can't wait to watch Juan work on him today.

Tomorrows forecast is scrambled fog

I can't believe this psychologist - it is so obvious he has a crush on this evil #$%$.  He is as stupid as she is evil

Why would the prosecutor question the veracity of any of Jodi's witnesses.  Isn't she doing a good enough job prosecuting herself?

His goofy testimony reminded me of Jodi, he even answered questions like her, I guess, I can not remember, if you say so,  he sent her gifts and cards, his past behavior is creepy,, and unethical, the test he gave  her was the ninja lie story she told the cops, so he took her lies and then came up with a lie for her so called disorder, this is beyond scary, this sound like a made up movie,  It is disgusting that the defense put him on the stand, or ???

Maybe her memory is foggy because her glasses were cloudy from the hot shower and all that steamy sex.

Wow - an expert witness that testifies in an identicle manner as the accused:  "I don't remember", "I don't think so", "from your perspective".  So...a liar confirming the "thruths" of another liar.  That's some gameplan, Mr. Defense Attorney!

How fun to watch Jodi finally start to sqwirm.  She has devasted Travis's family first by bludgening him, then by her disgusting slanders against him.  That poor man, how much pain he suffered before he finally died.  I can't wait to see that smart alec smirk get wiped off her smug face when she hears, "GUILTY" and then "DEATH"  No pity for her, she has had more than ample time to tell the truth and beg forgiveness.

I don't see what it matters if it is amnesia or PTSD. Either of those would have come after the fact. Neither changes the murder. Maybe in a jealous fit she killed him and had not intended to. Then when she came out of the rage and saw what she had done she freaked. It doesn't change one bit that she killed him. I think the PTSD claim is to cover the inconsistencies she cannot explain now that the facts are in evidence.Maybe defense is just trying to get the life without parole so five years from now they can insist on a new trial because new evidence will come up or Jodi will suffer some sort of psychological breakdown and need mental care which might end up with her being released early because the psych doc decides she is "healed".

1.  The shrink was getting paid, as a defense expert, to figure out some good excuse for her "amnesia."2.  The shrink has been bamboozled by her, just like the other men in her life.  He obviously has problems with boundaries!Jodi Arias is guilty. Death penalty all the way.

Go Mr. Martinez!  You are doing a great job uncovering all the BS with this so called expert witness. The defense attorney called him "DOCTOR" several times...gave me a laugh-out-loud moment. Mr. Martinez is earning his salary, unlike the defense team...hey...wait a minute...who's paying for Arias' defense?  Hopefully not the people of AZ!

Arias looked confused during Samuels testimony as if saying to herself " that's not the lie I told him".

So if Arias developed PTSD *after* committing the murder - then why the hell does POST traumatic stress disorder have any relevance to PRE-meditated murder?

If a person says they might do harm to themselves or others, the attending provider MUST call the police and have them take the person to a mental ward for an evaluation.

Since the so called expert based his findings of PTSD on his evaluation of  Jodi's Ninja story the diagnoses has no validity. Plus the fact that Samuels sent her at least one card and a book which proved he had again crossed the line as in his NJ sanctioned case in 2000. He's a completely useless witness and at the least be dismissed from testifying

Samuels testimony does not change a thing. I don't care if she forgot some things...the prosecution has the evidence it needs to convict her.

Hope my tax dollars don't spend to much on this circus ! I've not received my tickets yet !

"But as Martinez began his bullish cross-examination, Samuels stammered to explain his techniques and relationship with Arias."Replace "bullish" with "brilliant"  and then you have the correct description of Martinez. This defense team reminds me of Abbott and Costello but in a bad way. This witness is a buffoon who seems to have a little crush on the pretty killer. Poor silly man.

This witness is a PhD not a MD, he is not qualified to testify about the physiology of brain just the psychology and he is way off on that.  I remember everything about what I had to do over there in every war zone I was in.This alleged expert lost his objectivity while enamored by Jodi's charms during what were to be psychological evaluations and looked totally disoriented yesterday...another victim of Jodie's string of lies who has seemingly lost his credibility.

Sorry relationship , not wearing my reading glasses this morning. lol

I'm sure she wants to forget it.

She is toast.

I also noticed that Arias would glance quickly toward the jury as Samuels was testifying to what appeared to be her in favor.  She also put on the "crying face" a couple of times as Samuels talked about her low self esteem, etc.    She has shown emotion only as it related to how this murder affects her like "I can't believe I would  do this, I am a nice person".  I have not heard her say that she couldn't believe she brutally slaughtered TA.  It is all about her.

This is probably the doc's last hurrah!  He has tainted his career with this farce and is obviously in cahoots with Nurmi; both have been unethical!  They come with this 'diagnosis' created to help arias -  they coaxed and coached her with the crapola she spewed on the stand.  That was obvious when the verbiage became almost identical with the 'fog', 'scrambled' and 'memory loss' - all bs !Nurmi and the doc have both experienced transference with this murderer - and both have been fooled !  Both should be brought up on ethics charges!  I think J. Wilmott realized yesterday that Nurmi has been innappropriate.   The doc should be removed from further testimony and charged with perjury!

" PTSD," (maybe), each case, is different for anyone...BUT ~&gt;"dissociative amnesia" :is viewed a disorder in which the distinctive feature is the patient's inability to remember important personal information to a degree. Nice try but do not think so.. **Maybe, it is best to give 1 or more of the following diagnoses's like: Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID) w/ underlying issues like I mentioned last week in a comment in relation to Jodi's testimony...= most severe dissociative disorder, People with this disorder have *More than one* personality identity* state, with the personality state controlling the person's behavior changing from time to time. Various personality Identity states have *different names,*temperaments, *gestures. --It has been known that at times individuals will seek attention with negative seeking behaviors. / *Bipolar Disorder I: Phases of an individual with manic symptoms.  A manic phase may last from days to months, to years, in which the individual engages in Reckless behaviors that another person would not otherwise engage in. Ex: Reckless behaviors in sexual activities or making rash decisions that put themselves or loved ones in harm’s way, to inflict harm./ *Dissociative Identity Disorder/w/Multiple Personality Disorder: Individuals with this disorder have the tendency to adopt one or more identity, in which each personality is different from the other, and at times known to that 2 personalities are present at the same time often with or without knowledge of their current presence.-- I do not know Jodi in any way other than following the story, she publicly announced in an interview that she would not be found guilty, she has consistently lied over and over in changing her statements. If she was suffering from the "dissociative amnesia" this expert has testified to Then Please Explain to Everyone in Society How She Hasn't Forgotten to Manipulate &amp; Change her statements over and over again??? Wake Up Expert.... She is Manipulating you to see what she is allowing you to see...Jodi, has Obviously taken steps to suppress something inside of her so that you or anyone else doesn't find out....

Jodi Arias, has acknowledged lying repeatedly but insists she is telling the truth now.......Uhhhhh okay so now we can take your word to the bank,and cash it in?

I'd like to see Martinez object more often to Nurmi constantly leading Arias.  Maybe there's a method to his inaction but Nurmi oftentimes seems to be telling Arias what her testimony is through his questions.

the jurors should ask if she remembers when she caught her first fish or when she shot her first deer. She just can't remember her first and hopefully only human. this is a joke how long is the judge going to allow this to go on?Does it really take 12 visits to do an assessment where the first one was done in 20 minutes and the second one probably not much longer?  Also, isn't the way he is testifying the same way Jodi did?  My thought is he got to be friends and then prepped her to testify.

Psychologists are quacks and 90% of them need more help than the patient.

Sounds more like Pre Traumatic Stress Disorder to me...

Martinez is doing an excellent job.  This witness is an embarssment to the psychological community, he needs to be sanctioned.

Watching now!!!!! Go Juan!!!!!! He is making mincemeat out of the Dr.

I'd be really afraid of that self-help book Samuels sent Jodi!  It probably taught her the fog!

Yeah, shot,throat cut and 30 stab wounds, dumping the gun in the desert, meeting her boyfriend, sounds like self defence to me....

This guy is a disgrace to the profession.  Amnesia, true amnesia is not selective, except for instances like auto accidents or head trauma, neither of which this vile murderer suffered at any time since she slaughtered her boyfriend.  She slipped up on the stand and said she was crying during the murder, which belies her claim it is a complete blank...I ca hire a defense expert that will testify she craps unicorns and leaves rainbows in toilets, doesn't make it so...

She worked the psychologist, like she works everyone. Sociopath.

How do amnesia and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder make a person innocent of murder, or anything else?who cares if she remembers.  All the prosecution has to prove is that she premeditated this crime.  This prosecutor is grandstanding and wasting tax payer money.  Just either prove she came 200 miles with a gun in hand to kill her lover who was rejecting her or drop it and go for 2nd degree, crime of passion.  Either way she will get life, no parole.It does not matter is she remembers even making the trip as we now know she did the killing.

Tonight on HLN they showed Jodi Arias, looking straight at the doctor during his testimony , while her right  hand slowly grabbed a folder on the table, then quickly pulled it off the table and placed it under her but(t) to sit on it.  Was there something in that file she wants "lost" or  did she want to set up another symptom for PTSD  such as kleptomania since all her other test results based on her lies was ripped apart by the prosecution ?  lol.  Did anyone else see it?

This Dr. Samuels seems so confused and in "puppy love"! What  a joke of a witness! Put this thing on death row! She was a jealous witch and killed out of jealousy!! PERIOD!

She trashed his BMW and he did not flip out then how would he flip out at just a camera??

I hope to God that the jury sees her for what she really is, and sentences her to death, so the tax payers do not have to support her for the rest of her life

Juan Martinez is my hero.  He is so poised, so professional, you can tell he wants justice for Travis and his family.  I can't wait to read his book after this case is over (because you know he is gonna write one.....)

This witness is the poster child for quaks.

This guy was a joke, Juan Martinez is doing a great job..... I hope the jury gives her the death penalty because that is the only justice for this man she brutally killed!! Sick twist  !!!

In my career I have never seen a more incompetent expert.  I have never seen one admit that he made a mistake.  That was amazing.  He will never get another one of these court appointed cases again.  Since psycholotists do not make much money, he may be in trouble.

She's a sociopath, selfcentered and without empathy. She learned what other people say and do, and she's acting as she thinks they do.I don't care if she's a murderer.  I'm seriously in love with this woman!!...no I'm kidding.  Sorry, but murder is a deal-breaker.

Perfect example of a "psycho chick" trying to use the so called justice system to get away with murder.

Where in the world did Jodi's slimy defense team dig this smuck up at? I'd ask for my money back.

Jodi will do just fine in prison-everbody there is innocent just like her!

Are you kidding me, what a joke, this defense witness Mr. Samuels, is the epitome of a charlatan, he is as good a liar as Ms. Arias, what a fiasco, Mr. Martinez, totally destroyed this buffoon's credibility.

Samuels appears to be involved in this trial for his own gain.  I just wish Martinez start addressing the stabbings which occurred prior to the bullet wound.  Seems that's been 'lost in the shuffle'.

In my opinion, Prosecutor Juan Martinez is doing an awesome job…He should be able to take an extended vacation after this case is over. It is exhausting watching Jodi and Samuels answer his Prosecutor Martinez’s questions on the witness stand (or trying not to answer his questions)…Also, I was baffled as to why Samuels was using an outdated DSM book on the witness stand....I was glad to see that he admitted that someone could fake his tests; proving that not only has Jodi changed her story multiple times on how Travis died, it is possible that she could have lied and made up some of the answers on the tests that were given to her....Furthermore, one of the many things that is troubling to me is the alleged Walmart return of the gas can and getting cash back. The few times that I have returned something at Walmart and had used my credit card, the rep would credit the charge back to my credit card. Therefore, the credit should have shown up on her bank statement.And, I thought that cash drawers had to be accurate; meaning that if the rep gave her cash back how would the cash drawer be reconciled at the end of the day? I hope that Prosecutor Juan Martinez has checked Walmart’s policy on this….I still would like to know why is this case taking so long?.....In my opinion, tax payers do not need to have to be put on the hook any longer…. The woman has changed her story time and time again on how and why the murder happened….However, the facts still remain:  The woman brutally killed Travis.  We all know that because the factual evidence has been stated to the jurors…....What needs to be decided is whether she will spend life in prison or get the death penalty…Prosecutor Juan Martinez deserves a medal of honor for being as patient as he has been while asking Jodi questions and having to listen to her answers….I hope the jurors are not being fooled by the small framed woman who brutally killed Travis our of jealousy…Love is not suppose to hurt….Love does not cause a brutal death by the hands of a person who is supposed to love them…Stabbing a person 27 times; cutting a throat from ear to ear; and shooting someone in the forehead is OVERKILL and certainly is not love…..I resent her acting like a battered woman…There are far too many women who have been actually battered and that is nothing to lie about…Let us all pray for healing within the Travis family and soon….God Bless!!

Martinez is number Juan.

I'd do her.... but I'd skip the shower afterwards...

Lets get on with the next witness if there is one. Enough of this man Juan. You have made your point. Alot of the same stuff over and over. I will never be a juror or report anything that might send me to a courtroom. No thank you.Martinez is number Juan.

Prosecution has done a spectacular job.  Hope he condenses his strategy before he loses the jury.

Taxpayer dollars...I wonder how much a case like this costs? Society is too eager to be entertained, so these carnival performers continue to put on the show. Sad.There have been nothing but lies presented by the defense. That should be enough evidence to determine an outcome. If the chick is that nuts, should she be integrated into society no matter what the "disease"?

what credibility

Time to quit watching. Boring.

This trial is still going on? This BlTCH should be on the end of an IV drip by now !

If anyone hasn't heard yet, Richard Samuels IS NOT a Psychologist he is a sex therapist. He lost his licences in New Jersey and some how he ended up in AZ saying he is now a Psychologist who knows nothing about PTSD and other things he has been talking about in court.I have PTSD and I have been to a Dr. who knows how to treat PTSD.Richard Samuels doesn't even know what he is talking about let alone understand what it PTSD does to a person.He is just a liar just like Jodi, know wonder Martinez is having a hay day with this trial, he is dealing with a bunch of liars who just won't tell the truth and a defense attorney who won't share evidence.I think the Judge should stop the trial and have the Jury deliberate and convict Jodi for the murder of Travis, and give her the death penalty.This way this trial will be over and we won't hear anymore lies from the Defense.I really like Martinez, he is a really good Prosecutor, I have never seen anyone like him bring out so many positive evidence at once not only in questions but in questions. I understand the questions that he is asking all he wants is a Yes and No. This is something that the defense witness is not doing, and Martinez gets upset and frustrated when they go out on their own because they don't answer his questions.I know we will all be glad when this trial is over especially the tax payers.Martinez can work on his next case or take a small vacation.The defense attorney he needs to go back to law school and learn how to do his homework on cases. Share his evidence before the Court, have more evidence to defend his client, and not drag the questions out like a snail.He also needs to bring documents that is sent to him by the Court, in other words he needs to learn to be prepared for the unexpected if he needs the documents or not.

Prosecuter Juan Martinez could possibly lose this "slam-dunk" case if he doesn't stop acting as egotistical and neurotic as the defendant!  Where did this Moron go to Law School?  The People of the great state of Arizonia deserve a better Advocate.  Even if he wins this (easy) case, FIRE him ASAP!

for 50 bucks @ a bag of Skittles you can get a ''Expert Witness to say anything!

Stop wasting time.... Filet &amp; fry this #$%$ now...  What a frickin circusI got a pole she can bounce up and down on so much, it'd turn into the latest diet-craze exercise workout program, we can make a video and sell it on TV during the wee hours of the morning and on the Sunday "Sponsored Programming" listing.

She could have stayed away from him. The fact that the defense expert gave her a self help book that people are upset about is silly. There is nothing wrong with giving her a book,.whatever you think of her.

The prosecutor has no credibility. Free Jody!

Watched the show after dark on hln tonight and it was good. Ended up being a hung jury on Travis attacking Jodi. Jose, who was Casey Anthonys lawyer was good. I can see how she got off. Jodi would too possibly if she had a better lawyer. The show really made me think.This trial should not be going on now. Get rid of the sex and lies. Focus on the evidence in the home.

The physical evidence and the testimony of the two experts will reveal enough reasonable doubt to prevent a first degree murder conviction. What about the victim who took photos of Arias that even Hustler has too much class to publish? He also talked on a phone recording in which he treats Arias worse than I have ever seen or heard about.