putin knows he is dealing with idiots

What a bunch of idiots we got running this country

umm why shouldnt we protect ourselves from russian missiles?

I think we should be cutting programs that aren't effective and stop giving money away and start making sure our military stays strong and our defense is next to none. It takes a threat from some nut job country like NK to build a fire under us...how sad. Another thing to take notice is China is building its military capabilities...I wonder why!

Obama wimps out, gets nothing in return.

Obama's plan is like this. "I know we live in a rough neighborhood, there have been muggings,  home invasions and robberies so sometime during the next ten years we need to discuss perching a fire arm for protection and we ought to meet and discuss the possibility of locking the doors.

These are the same missiles that obama canceled in 2009.  obama gave Russia everything and we got nothing.  Now, the time that we need them, they are 3 - 4 years behind full production.  obama is a pathetic president.

I guess leaving Poland and the Czechs hanging after a promise to put the missiles there,  is just part of "I have more flexibility after the election".

Well then put the plan back in place if it doesn't matter to them.

Giving up our missile defenses to make friends is a good way to get us killed. It doesn't matter if we completely disarmed our enemies are still going to try to destroy us.Weak leaders surround themselves .............with even weaker people.Obama, AGAIN, has chosen a very inept person.   Maybe he thinks it makes him look strong.

Putin wants to see 0bama pony up on his promise he would have more latitude once he was re-elected. We did not hear all  that was promised but it probably somewhere near surrender

Russia is laughing at what a idiot wimp we have in The White House! Its like Putin Saying to Obama " Hey Ya shoe is untied" ! Obama looks down and Smack! Putin slaps him across his face for stupidity!

Putin  is smarter than the cream puff socialist who control Washington with their singing bird.  OH!!! a vaction to the middle east the home of his religion.

Take a fricken laxative...that oughta move ya...

What we do to defend this country on our own soil is none of Russia's dam business. Or if we may elect to place missiles in an allied country for our defense that should  also be of no concern to them. They need to drop their paranoid, belligerent, post cold war attitude that we are out to get them. For this country has more important things to do than to kiss Russia's #$%$ everytime they cry foul.

Chess Game Anyone!

Promises to allies mean nothing to Obama. We have become an impotent joke to our adversaries. He is doing the "slow walk" until he is out of office, leaving this country behind the international and economic eight ball!

So let them know that their actions seem a little nerving so put missile interceptors in Poland and Romania.  It doesn't seem as if they care,

We should do what we need to do for the protection of our people and allies,period.Taking down our nuclear deterent will only inspire our enemies to think we are weak.This is a bad message to send our enemies.Never,ever underestimate our enemies,they are still a threat.Before Obama, it used to be that when you gave up something, you negotiated something in return.  Or if you give a bankload of money as 'aid', you get something in return.  Not now.  Ask any former secretary of state prior to the Obama regime--republican or democrat.

Besides beefing up the defense on the West coast of the U.S. you should also start beefing up the defenses on the East coast as well.  If Iran gets their nuke missles, they and North Korea could launch missles at both coast at the same time.

When we have idiots like this defending our country it's a no brain er  that things will get ugly very fast. God help us!

We have enemies, and Russia is not on the list, they are just a country that this government wants to terrorize. CHINA is our enemy, they are destroying us from within, and this government does nothing but make it easier for them all the time, Why is that?

It was one year ago (March 12th) that Obama was caught on camera and on open mic boasting to Russian President Medvedev that he would win reelection in November, giving the 'flexibility' to make a deal on ballistic missile defenses in Europe.Now we know what he promised

The only thing Obama accomplishes in his meetings is the date for the next meeting.

Iran doesn't even have medium range missiles. What a joke.

The interceptors were to be the final phase of a program that Russia contends aims to counter its own missiles.so you're upset that we're countering YOUR missles? gtfo.

meanwhile the people here are concerned more about beiber and his outings and a new i phone .sshhhhhhh don't wake them up .

Russia and China wont be happy until we bend over with a white flag stinking out. Obama promised Russia he would do this and when it comes to foreign policy he does whatever the enemy want's and apologizs to them if they dont kill enough American's.Nonsense..this is EXACTLY what the Russians wanted Obama to cave on and why he was caught on open mic saying "I will have more leeway after the elections".

Is this move Obama being more flexible.  Defend our allies and screw our enemies like Russia.

Why would we care what they think?

Putin knows that our government is weak now and the pacifist in the WH will bend over to try and please him.  Sad days for the USA.

it is ok to be anti-American, to talk down on us...but threats of violence should be answered immediately with a measured but greater threat of force...

the thing Putin fears most from Obama is his golf game ,Obama would have to give Putin a few shots to make it even

It really looks like major countries are not paying any attention to the Obama Admin.  Does this surprise anyone?

Please tell the american public exactly what "concessions" we got in return for "giving up the farm" to Russia? Well, were waiting......

ok, so they OPPOSED the installation, and now that they aren't going to be installed, they're STILL opposed?

Hagel -- a Rino yes man for our Tyrant ,so when he screws up and sh---t hits the fan it will be one more thing OBAMA BIN LYING  can blame on the Republicans and keep his hands from getting dirty . The fact that he nominated him will not matter at that point . Just like the sequester ,his plan and his concession for the debt ceiling increase and then turns it against the G.O.P.So, if our great leaders don't get this right, we all die? Time to make your peace with God, isn't it?

If you recall President  Obama telling the Russian President, "wait until after the election."Well. it is after the election. Thank you Obama again.

No I think Obama told Putin his plan.  After the election...

meanwhile people will wait in line for shoes they are paying 200 or more for .

Still NO ONE has answered the question...."Where is the anti-war Left?" M.I.A. since 2008!

I can't believe some of the statements i'am reading,these are defensive missiles they are not for attacking,they shoot down nuclear missiles.our president seams more concerned with what russia and china want then what we want.make sure no missiles get here.

Hagel looks very uncomfortable in the role of Secretary of Defense, as when giving statements he takes along time thinking of what to say.

Isn't it strange that neither China nor Russia want us to be able to defend ourselves against a missle attack?

"Russia unmoved by US missile defense plan change"---Headline. Who cares about a country, like Russia, that continues to support murderous regimes like in Syria, Iran, North Korea, Cuba and other rogue nations?

The only question is who is more stupid: obama and his cast of minions, or the short-sighted welfare and union morons who voted him in?Washington government is BROKEN...from A to Z !!

The Russians don't care what anyone thinks and the world seems to bow down to them. We, on the other hand, try and get along, mollify, coddle and pay foreign aid and the world still hates us. Might as well be like the Russians and do whatever the heck we want for our own interests. Even China operates like that and no one messes with them!

I hope we are not wasting time to try to appease Putin. It is not worth it as he is keenly against the US no matter what is done.

This is a case where a foreign power is dictating our defense policy.  Anyone else see anything wrong here?

So we were sold out my this American hating president once again

To hell with Russia. When will this clown we have for a Pres. realize that Iran, China, Russia, NK..and the list goes on, are not our friends and will never be.

Russia will never be happy. At least they won't admit it. Obama will make all the concessions and Russia will make none, This is what happens when you show weakness and prefer to try and be a nice guy with political adversaries. Russia won't make any vote to put concessions on these rouge states ie: N. Korea or Iran to the United Nations. And now he appoints a defense sec. that is against pressure on Iran.N. Korea has recently and in the past threatened to send nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles to wipe out America. But Russia says we should not react and voted so we could not. And now N Korea is doing ballistic missile tests of missiles that can reach Hawaii , Alaska and the US West Coast. And Russia still will not support our defense systems that can help defend against such horrific attacks against our country. Help... We need a balance here, and we need to protect ourselves no matter what these other anti American leaders such as Putin want.

How much classified information did Obamduh give the Russians before re-election?  Sounds like TREASON to me.

let the europeans pay for and build their  own  missle shields   we are not their  keeper

Please, someone let us know why a NATO defense system should have any input from the Russians. Sounds like they don't like the idea of spending more money in an attempt to thwart it.Just put the ICBM's back in the USA  taking to the west cost and we will send them to Chinaas a gift from North K from Fat Boy that will work OR JUST GET A LONG THERE U GO.Now  Nuclear armed Russian Jet Circle Guam  and WE Have been Sold Down the River anyway .

Only kiss arss liberals worry about Putin.

Let us hope that we will never be fired upon and therefore not need to use our missle defense system. However, glad to know we have something to protect the American people from North Korean and Iranian threats.

Who cares what russia thinks?

Who gives a s- - - t about Russia!!!

This is what leadership for our country is....not!!.... It is about political gain and power.

It's all so silly.  And how we play.  And the play has become so dangerous.  Why?, I wonder have women chosen to follow  men in political leadership rather than, themselves, lead?  To offer sensible and honorable balance?

Obama approach to national defense is the same as his views on personal defense, and that is, the good guys do not need weapons to defend themselves against the bad guys.

I don't understand why we have to tell everyone what we are doing.. why not just do?You can bet Russia and China are secretly upgrading their defense systems and addingnew weaponry without all the fanfare.

Putin never trust us.  No matter what we do.  To bad we can't get Obama to see that and come his nerves down.  No wait, if we did that.  Then both countries become one.  So forget that idea.Soon the only man in the west to have stood up to the Russians.......will be............George W Bush!He insisted on placing the interceptors and radars into Europe.

Renew the missile shield !

Russia has sold Iran nuclear and military equipment and technology. China has done the sane for North Korea. They have no business telling us we should not develop a good defense against their little segregates.

Russia is not lining Alaska 's borders with missiles, and they are not putting them in Cuba, This government is lining their borders with nukes, which is threatening millions of people there in that area. Why is it that this country is always the aggressor terrorizing millions all over the world?

#$^$% Russia

the only reason for russian objections is one they don't have finished their own interceptors, two they are stalling for time to develope a counter system and three this is what they do.

Maybe Obama need to make some more deals now.He doesn't have to wait until the mike is turned off and he as in his 2nd term so he can make more deals!!!!Russia thinks Obama and the U.S. are idiots and we've lost our strength!!!!

And the USA dropped another point in world rankings for education.They guy with the biggest #$%$, is usually the guy, who end ups cleaning hall ways.

best defense agaist iran and north koera is nuckear subs sitting off their coast with full missle  tubes  . anything else waste of tax payers money .

gee you mean they donot wha tus to protect them from irain  missles  by shooting them down over polandSo sick of it all.....

American "officials" announce US to downsize European missle defense program.  Russia says "so what?" and same US officials wonder why.  This has "Obama" written all over it.

Every one knows obummer is a dictator  wanta be full of hot air !! Scratch him and watch him fall the fool !

JUst another instance of this administration kissing butt just to receive a fart in the face after doing it.

Fk. Russia. They are back in the cold war mentality.  Build and deploy the interceptors

Russia can never publicly appear to approve anything the US does.  Except for invade Afghanistan.

That is because we came at it from a position of weakness.  OUr shrinking budget and a threat on our west coast forced this and Moscow knows that, why would they concede something just because we shot ourselves in the foot?

lmao.............so ovomit is has decided it needs some missile protection???  the freak is probably afraid it will hit it first, it sure as h--- isn't afraid for the rest of us, just it's own a--, it's such an idiot, even the word idiot doesn't really describe the mongrel.

Not that it will make any sense to the posters here...But this "one small move" along with other naive BS and downright stupidity from this administration is setting the stage for a world wide nuclear arms race. "Leading from behind" leaves a vacuum. That vacuum will be filled. And for the survival of the USA in dealing with the consequences of such stupidity will cost 10 times more than holding the line.Part and parcel of the obama agenda to "fundamentally transform" the USA into a second rate banana republic that holds on high the dysfunction of communism. That worked really good in the last century...Over a hundred million people dead and a 100% failure rate.Call it an equal opportunity escapade into trickle down poverty and death.It is the obama way.

is that dude always hung over? has puffy eyes .Wimpobama gave up part of our defense plan, got nothing in return.

Google and read:  Obama cowers to Putin on missile sheild for Europe:  This was exactly what he meant when he whispered to him when he did not know the camera was on!!!!  This is what you Obama supporters voted for, a liar, and an anti-American evil man.

More raging paranoia from Tsar Putin and company.

Russia is not our enemy, but WE must be prepared to defend our selves from all other military forces, not defeat them but defend from them...

I'm sure Ovomit is taking advantage of his extra flexibility in dealing with Putin now.  Americans will be sold out.

Lurch and omama still think Russia is the Soviet Union.  Omama would  like it to be, but Reagan destroyed his commie wetdream.

There is no chance of an agreement if either side insists on maintaining an advantage; and some expection for conflict when one side thinks it can fool the other about the facts of the matter. Defining "compormise" as "my way or the highway" is unconvincing, excepot to the powerless

During the height of the Cold War, anti-aircraft missile batteries surrounded many of the major population centers in the United States. Built under the Project Nike program, these rings of military bases formed defense shields against a nuclear attack from Soviet long-range bombers.  Hey they worked didn't they.  Not one Soviet got through.  Come to think of it I don't think one even tried.

i am ashamed of our country for it is being led by the weakest man that has ever set in the white house.

We are broke trying to be policeman of the world.Putin VS Obama. . .Putin is not inclined to believe Obama's tactics like we may have to close the White House tours. You are dealing with the devil and he can see through Obama and his next 10 cabinet clowns. Prediction Obama will not one ANY talks with Putin. We will give up everything and gain nothing.

Next there will be an agreement as follows:Russia will allow gays to marry, and the US will remove all of its missile basis in Europe.

The Russians said "Hey you can't put those in one of your own states and besides it's just no fair! They can shoot down our rockets!'Well sir, it's our country, our equipment, and our duty to defend ourselves from whoever we want and not to mention it's none of your eff'n business!!! If you didn't have missles pointed at us, we wouldn't need the interceptors in that region amyway. Now would we?

stop being soft hearted.. most of east europe middle east and asia understand one thing.....violence. these people havent changed in a hundred of years thats why God saved America for last.

Of all the help we have given Russia in the past,in the early 1900 the counrty was starving and we gave them food, During World War Two the Lend/Lease plan supplied the country with military equipment to keep them from being over run by Germany! This is graditude fromPutin, a hard line ex KGB official, who would like nothing more than to return to the ways of the old Soviet Union and be a dictator like Stalin.Good old "uncle Joe" Stalin who grabbed up land from every country after the war then blocking our aid to Germany who's citizens were starving. We had to fly in food in C-130 aircraft called the Berlin Air Lift. Then "uncle Joe" put up the Berlin Wall to keep east Germany citizen from fleeing to the west. Russia is still parinoid that we are going to attack them.If this idiot Putin would put a rock girls band in prison because they sang a song he didn't like, what else is he capable of doing? I wouldn't trust him or put anything past him, and the US should tell him to BUTT OUT!!!!

I predict that Obama will be the first US President to allow America to be invaded by a land attact.

If Russia was lining our borders with missiles, we might understand what this government is doing there, but they are not.

This is Obamas famous..."Ill have more flexability after the election statement"...Well Well Obama... How weak would you like to see our defences????

Only good Russian is the one you just "double-tapped."

XXXX, Don't take it down then.  Unimpressed, are we?  Deal with it!We are stupid to try to mollify the Russians. We need to protect ourselves. This administration is full of bowing morons.

Russia does not want the USA to be able to defend it's self from long range missiles? what kind of crazy talk is that?

Muck Foscow!

Not to worry....Putin's agenda...git moose..git squirrel....

They were cancelled because they don't work, and Russia found out about it....making them even more worthless.

Unless the Russians are planning on attacking us,their position has no merit.

if iran missle crew flying misles over poland to hit the east coast   their somethng wrong with their aim

Good, The United States doen't need the additional cost of protecting Europe. Put the money back into America's schools or our Space program.

After several years in a combat-zone I finally realized, this BS of it being all about American freedom is just p[lain BS.  Wanting to rule the world and tell other countroies how to live when we have the worst crime and worst living condiitons on this planet, is worse than BS it's idiotic.   A government that gives away everything to other countries, lives high on the hog while calling themselves "civil servants" is worse than disgusting.  From Pennsylvania, through Kentucky, you can find places in the USA, that are worse than any areas of Burma, Thailand, South Korea, or Vietnam.  Americans need to wake up and think about improving the country and educating American children, because we're in one hell of a mess and it's not getting better.  There's no logical reason to waste money in Afghanistan, Iraq, or even in South Korea.  There's no reason to have a bloated, overpaid U.S. civil-service that is highly invloved in ripping off taxpayer funds, while sitting in places such as Seoul, South Korea, going TDY, collecting military retirement pay, civil service pay, TDY pay, per-diem,  free rent and utilities, while our children suffer.  This is, in my opinion, legalized stealing.  The problem is, even if the debt is paid down, government employees and politicans, will immediately, vote themselves a pay raise.  The American taxpayer is simply screwed because there's no way out of the present problem.  Greed, along with our government wanting to be the big Dog on the block has ruined our country.   We had no choice but to fight in World war one and World war two. But Vietnam, Iraq and Afghanistan has nothing to do with American freedom.  It's all aobut the BIG DOG ON THE BLOCK and his desire to bite everyone in the ass who doesn't dance to his music.

Since when do we have to ask Russia where we may put our missile defense system? Anyone.Is it just me or does it sound like our diplomet is saying "Don't worry Russia, we aren't trying to protect ourselves from your nukes, we are trying to protect ourselves from North Korea's nukes"Doesn't a lot of that seem odd?

The interceptors were to be the final phase of a program that Russia contends aims to counter its own missiles.  Am I missing something here?  Shouldn't we counter their missiles?  Your pres has gone off the deep end.  No way should this community organizer (Guess what that means) lead our defense OR our country.

Putin says jump and THE MASTER OF #UCKING DISASTER jumps and messes in his pants. Never has there been a bigger coward to occupy the oval office.

He laughs every time he sees a picture of Barry the Muslim. He know Barry is weak and won't do anything anyway ......

We are weak and the Trojan horse has now opened the door in the courtyard.Ball-less administration will have us all killed or jailed by our enemies.

Putin Obama...dumb and dumber.

LET's see;we didn't much like their missiles in Cuba now did we? No wonder they don't like ours in Poland! Makes sense to me..play nicely Peeps!

President Obama: On all these issues, but particularly missile defense, this, this can be solved but it’s important for him to give me space.President Medvedev: Yeah, I understand. I understand your message about space. Space for you…President Obama: This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility.President Medvedev: I understand. I will transmit this information to Vladimir.______This also proves that Obama knew Soros was going to help him steal the election to carry through his and Soros' complete destruction of the USA.

"Chuckie" the jew hating "IT" clown.... Gose to the W.H.

GOOD!  ... Keep our equipment and personnel $'s on US soil.We are un-moved you Russians flew nukes over American soil!!!! Wth is wrong with our military???? They should have shot them down! But no we will wait till they drop one and kill a million people b4 we do anything...RIDICULOUS!!!!

BHO to the Russian leaders: "After the election, I'll have more flexibility..."

BHO and Putin...what a team.

Why do my fellow Americans constantly peace in their panties over such non-threats as NK?

screw russia,and the dog they rode in on. Theres no reason this country should bend over for them,there war mongers,and human haters,,,there respect for human life is nonexsitant,just look at syria,they arm assade so he can keep butchering his people,or rather the syrian people,there not his.

Put all the defense systems in the USA so that we will not be so worried about others war.  Make sense isn't it?

"gonna build roads a bridges", "hire more teachers," stroke some more egos. And while you're feeling all good, peace-lovin , lovin the outreach, (reach around) Our enemies have been strengthening their arsenals and we've been sending billions in AID to muslim countries.

The Russians are no fools.  The US does nothing to counter a potential N. Korea strike yet is continually soiling themselves over Iran which unlike N. Korea has no bomb and is not close to having a viable delivery system.   The "protect against Iran" is a transparent attempt to shift the balance of power is our favor by defending against Russian missiles.  Just because American voters are dumb enough to believe everything our lying politicians and the lying national media tell us doesn't mean that the  Russians and the rest of the world are that dumb.

I think the reason Russia is so against it is because they didn't think of it first or they don't have the tech. to develope a defense like that.  What does the rest of the world think we ought to do when some of these unstable countries are threating to bombard us with missles. If they don't want us to defend ourselves against nut cases they should step up &amp; help take out these unstable countries.

wee still don't trust eash athere , and how wee want impose ather country to have peace. nothing make senceObama gave those europeans systems up for nothing...  now he wants to give up our biggest defense system--  our nuclear weapons..   we will get nothing for that as well.bama is the anticrist-- he hurts his own people to force poltical gain.  he serves us.  when we prove of Bengahzi cover up, should we at least impeach and get the democrats who refues on the record  for poltical gain?  I mean this is the gam,e they play with our tax dollars and all.  give free stuff with our mony for votes and all,

Good thing Obama has more room to operate after the election....................Way to go uninformed Obama voters!

What if Putin decides to put defensive shields in Iran, Venezuela, Cuba?

Paybacks to Putin....

I want to move to a country that minds its own business

Who remembers obama's aside to putin "i will be more flexable after the election", First flex, watch for more.

Insane world with insane leaders. Deception = Politics

US now have opened NATO base in Ulyanovsk. It seems for transition of non war supplies from Afganistan. But no one knows today liberal US government's plot. It might be take over.

Who cares what Russia thinks. We need to do what is required to protect America and her interests. I wonder if this is what Obama said last year to then Russian president Medvedev about Obama "fixing the missile defense in Europe"?

NO FOOD to russia or iran.................................................................................Obama likes to bow to his opponents....way too often. A sign of weakness I think?

I'm sure glad we've got an A  S  S  H  O  L  E in charge of Defense.

Russia is still upset that our phase four plan will render their own missiles useless against us? Spoken like a country without the technology (of course unless they steal it from us)!If we can not defend ourselves then who should we defend?Russia, China, NKorea, Iran?Idiots!!!

The only thing I know that critically moved coinciding with Russia's move were my bowels.

"Unmoved?" Then don't change the plan. . .

Of course, why would they be impressed if your reason is only a budget? It’s like saying that the only reason I am not going to kill you is because I don’t have enough money to hire a killer. It doesn’t mean that we are friends all of a sudden.

We are supposed to protect ourselves only from those enemies that agree to be defended against?  And Leftists cried foul when we pointed out that Obama clearly hated America and everything America stands for.

owebozo is just trying to patronize them.....they could care less about a powerless muslim kiss azzsss

And they just sit back and laugh at the so called leadership of the United States....

The East European Missile Defense Shield is the worst foreign policy idea we have had since the Bay of Pigs invasion. We should cancel ALL of it and save ourselves $100 billion. If we want to reassure our allies in eastern Europe, we should do it in a way that is not destabilizing.The Cold War never ended, it just took a break during the mid 90's. Russia is still a force to recon with and have the largest nuclear stockpile on earth. The only difference between the Cold war of the 80's and the Cold war of today is both nations are now Capitalist.

Obamas lap dog is only doing what he is told to do, It fits into Obamas plan for world order; Remember you are the one's that though he was your saver and voted for him, So this is what you wonted, Now wait untill he stops your wellfare checks because he need more money to fund his big plan he has for you

The Russian top brass is walking around snickering and giving high fives over their latest spit in Obamboozle's face, then "Chucky" Hagel licks the rest off of the floor.

To face off against Russia and China the US needs Britain. The euro MDS was to protect our much needed allie.

you voted for obama..we warned you..prepare for his communist destruction of america..hope you are happy

Who cares what Russia thinks?  China is the big kid on the block in the Eastern hemisphere.  Russian defense spending and weapons development have been jokes for about two decades.  Russia is a far cry from what was the Soviet Union.  Time for us to realize that.  Hell, it's well-past time for Russia (i.e., Putin and Co.) to realize that.

America lost the war in Vietnam!  because Russia was helping the North-side!  Russia is a major power! we have to care what they think.

Remember the open mike when Obama was talking with the russian president about making things alot easlier when he is re-elected for the 2nd term. Well, its happening!

It is NONE of Russia's business or any other country for that matter what we do to protect our borders..

Meh, same newsMind you readers, Poland, Romania and the Czech Republic are in the Traditional Sphere of Russian Influence, as the entire Western hemisphere is the Traditional Sphere of US Influence. In this case, The American stepped on the toes of the Russians. See how upset the Americans got when the USSR put missiles in Cuba?

if russia would tell iran and korea #$%$ mabe there would be no need for all thiis

Why should any body comment if it is all blocked by the administrator, that's freedom of speech, yeah right!!!!

I am sure China and Russia has enough nukes and intercepters to protect themselfs.

I don't see a problem here.  Let some of these European countries pay for their own defense, so we can stop bankrupting ourselves for their protection.  Imagine what we could accomplish with the savings.

God Obama might be the weakest POTUS I will see in my lifetime, and I've just turned 24. I haven't voted yet but next time it will definitely be for a dumb republican. I'd rather have a dumb republican than a weak democrat. It's just even worst since we have a dumb AND weak one in office right now.

And in other headlines: China warns the U.S's missile shield may provoke North Korea..........

How's that reset working now?  What a farce!

Is this part of Obama's "Russian Charm Offensive?"

They need to get their fingers out of their #$%$ and start concentrating on the system. Killing people will make no sense at all since the whole globe is going to die. Why were nukes invented again? Why doesn't anything make sense anymore.I guess russia didn`t learn anything after the Cuban missle crisis.

Yes how about defending the USA instead of Europe for a change. Alaska, Hawaii and California need defense from Asian aggression. The cold war is over, someone should tell the senile fools in D.C.

What has happened . It seems US and Russia is back to the "COLD WAR ERA"! Let us pray for peace.

Why NOT thay thank thay thay owne us

"Just wait until I get re-elected" Remember what Obama said?

U.S. policies and actions are not intended to mollify Russia. Your concern is duly noted...Now #$%$. By the way, stop imprisoning girl bands for mocking your President.

USA, Mother Russia need not use missles on you. V have secret weapon called Tea Party. Comrades in GOP will help destroy from within

AND YOU BELIEVE WASHINGTON?

In the 1990's when the cold war ended, Russia came to us and tried to befriend America. This is a fact. And what did we do? We tried to encircle them with a missile shield, wanted to admit countries on their front porch into NATO like the Ukraine and basically turn Sevastopol, home of the Russian black sea fleet into a base for the US naval 5th fleet. This was simply too far of a reach for them to accept and rightly so. How would Andrew Jackson have reacted to the British empire encroaching on America in such a way? I do not like Putin one bit but, he hits a nerve there as a patriot and this is our governments doing.

#$%$ Russia!!!who cares what russia thinks? they have NEVER been a friend to the US....they can go to hell with their missles!

Iran 's whole doctrine is based on Islamic principles. Don't let your Government fool you once again.Islamic principles and law does not permit a country to attack another country.It is forbidden.They may defend themselves with everything they have got but never to be the aggressor.When I read all this garbage about Iran destroying this country and attacking this country etc is stories made up by Politicians all over the western world.Iran could be a greater asset to the west and the US more so than any Arab countries.Their citizens are well educated. They have class. They respect people and cultures and just want the same.All this rhetoric about Nuclear weapons and attacking its neighbors is all garbage intended for the front pages .The real story is the Arabs want them crushed because they practice a different style of Islam. They adhere to the principles of Islam more than the Arabs who are Sunni and the Iranians are Shia.Look around the ME. It is all about Sunni vs Shia with the US and Israel getting sucked in gradually by the biggest threat of all Saudia Arabia.i beg my government not to wage war on Iran but to extract itself from the Arabs and look at the greater picture of the region.

Hum, yeah "unmoved" what did Obama think?  The US  is/ has been blowing trillions of dollars to kill innocent human beings around the world yet on small gesture means nothing.

There is no need to spend 2 billion dollars on more missle defenses or billions more on more missles in our arsenal. All we have to do is tell North Korea that they will disarm right now or we will stop all trade with China.

Changing our goals to protect many so we can please just a few or one, is a sign of weak leadership and lack of conviction. We will lose trust from many, create doubts in a few and became manipulable by one.

WHO gives a #$%$ what CHINA thinks ?,,,,, #$%$ CHINA

Russia nuke poland first

Why doesn't Russia set up a missile defense system on Cuba? After all, it is defensive.

Well, we tried to work with them but they gave us the middle finger, so, flip them two birdies and build the entire system, high speed interceptors and all.

I would not worry about China as much as RUSSIAThese are  the current  Nuclear missiles avail to each country as of 2010Status of World Nuclear Forces 2010 *Country 	Strategic 	Non-Strategic 	Operational 	StockpileRussia 	 2,600 	2,050a 	 4,650 	 12,000bUnited States 	 2,126 	500c 	 2,626d 	9,400eFrance 	 300 	n.a. 	~300 	300fChina 	 180 	? 	~180 	240gUnited Kingdom 	160 	n.a. 	&lt;160 	185hIsrael 	 80 	n.a. 	n.a. 	80iPakistan 	 70-90 	n.a. 	n.a. 	70-90iIndia 	 60-80 	n.a. 	n.a. 	60-80iNorth Korea 	 &lt;10 	n.a. 	n.a. 	&lt;10jTotal:~5,600k 	~2,550k 	~7,900k 	 ~22,300klisten to all of the warmongering republitards comments below. Always a good laugh for these putrid people!

Watch on YouTube: Faking It: How the Media Manipulates the World into War

You have many countries that have you in their crosshairs now obummer, what you gonna buy russia mass quantities of vodka? Dont mess with russia thats the last thing you wanna do!!

Hows that F-35 program doing? Putin need a good laugh right about now. Great work America.

Putin is the man! Obama xa xa

I worked as a contractor for the MDA for 3 years, and they (MDA) thought it would be 'smooth sailing' into Romania and Poland. Then, when I visited my family in Slovakia and they started laughing at me. Why? Because they said 2 years ago when I visited my family's village that The Russians will never let that happen and Putin is 'The Boss' in Eastern Europe which is traditionally the Russian Sphere of Influence.That country called "Russia" throws more weight around than what people expect. Keep an eye on them, or even two eyes.

well let the US put them in poland, then russia,put some in cuba, fair is fair!!

Well on a brighter note this has the possibility of making Frank Stallone's russian bashing jokes on Worlds Dumbest relevant again.

OK ,LETS PUT THEM BACK THEN

Humans being are so arrogant and stupid. Inventing things that will wipe out our entire race and using them against each other. Who wins when we are all dead?Why don't we insist on Russia to take the full responsibility of protecting Europe then instead of us going over there?!  It's like Russia bringing their missiles over to let's say, just as an example, Nicaragua to counteract any missiles that North Korea might surprise that part of the world with.  So, if Iran were to launch a missile into Europe somewhere and it explodes in Berlin, then we can point a finger and say, "Told you so!"

It doesn't matter what happened, the only thing that matters what people think happened.

The sad thing about all these stupidities and lack of leadership is that those who want to destroys us destroys everyone regardless of party affiliation poloticians , voters of the press.

who cares

Coming from the same country that put actual nuclear missiles is Cuba to undermine us.

It doesn't matter what our government does; Putin's Russian Party will always complain about something; they want to keep a level of animosity against the U.S. alive so that they can stay in power. The more they can gen up hate and fear amongst their own people, the longer they can stay in power, and they do this by convincing their own people--who by the way are extremely nationalistic and paranoid of the West--that they are the only party in Russia with the balls to stand up to the U.S.... Furthermore, you can't appease a country's leading party that convinces its own constituency of imaginary foreign threats, which it does to retain a monopoly on power.

This missile sword is criminal any you will pay the price!

I guess this is Barry'O new flexibility in dealing with Russia.  Since it was obvious to Putin that our president has no balls he has no compunction to negotiate in good faith.  Just sit back and watch BarryO continue to flounder and give up.

"I'll have more flexability after the election."  Obama to Russia.

IF USA removes their defensive plan for Europe, 1000 Army bases worldwide, etc. will US taxes will be lower? LolThe small arms being sold on the streets of the USA are in no way useful to a standing militia. In 1789 muskets were state of the art. In 2013 semi-auto rifles and pistols are as effective as pea-shooters. Drones, high-speed missile defense, tanks, smart bombs, rifle grenades, aircraft etc. make small arms useless.The only use semi-auto weapons have is to kill neighbors, spouses, and friends by mistake. Even hunting is a thing of the past. Fox hunting has been curtailed in the UK. Lets hunt with a cannon camera. And bring peace to the neighborhood.

JUST PUT RUSSIAN INTERCEPTORS in cuba,mexico,and in russia near alaska also put them in iran pakistan etc!!

...and some people think Obama is good with foreign affairs? He gave up a missle defense in Europe because of Russia's dissaproval of it. We did that for them and nothing else. Good job Obama. You do what the Russians want now for no benefits of our own country.

it is up to the real american people to defend this country...our govt/obama won't  do anything but take our rights away in the name of "Protection"

Bring back the funding for Regan's Star Wars Missile program

Hows that F-35 program is doing?

Hay Americans! Are you ready for WW3? Watch this on youTube: Российская армия // Russian army 2012 (1080p HD)

Watch on YouTube: Faking It: How the Media Manipulates the World into War

Why are we defending Europe?  German and Britain and France can do it themselves.

Google: Russian Nuclear Submarine Sailed in Gulf of Mexico Undetected for Weeks. WW3 is coming soon!Putin - Put - Path ("of the path"; genitive).

You fools talk about this like it's some video game. This sh&amp;t is real...

Dam the Russians.

"This is not a concession to Russia and we do not see it as such," he saidAKA: JUST #$%$ ON US

Obama told them he would bow to them after the election, Te fools that elected the muslim will get their reward, just wait.

or maybe obama using NK as excuse to appease russia in first place and u see them appeasement of russia never works this stupid weak spinless president keeps appeaseing a nation that hates us and wants us defenseless   just too bad obama doesnt see that

Obama wants to leave us defenseless against soviet nuclear weapons. The idiot should be tried and executed for treason. What a fool the American people are to put their faith in this jackazz.

Just a thought here but if Russia is not interested in attacking the U S why do they worry about our defense against those who verbaly threaten us?

Dec 10th, 2010MaryI will soon begin to speak to you for the whole world. You will receive these words as you have received all the other words. You will write the words down and record the proper dates. You will take these words to Monsignor Esseff, for his discernment. If his heart discerns that these messages should be released to the whole world they will go forth. He will correctly say that these are being given to one of his directees. The time is short and that is why I have moved you so quickly.IntroductionPrint This Post Print This PostDec 11th, 2010Monsignor John EsseffMonsignor John Esseff and Mother TeresaLet me introduce myself; I am Monsignor John Esseff, a diocesan priest of Scranton, Pa., ordained in 1953. In 1959, Padre Pio became my spiritual director. For many years, I was the spiritual director for Mother Teresa of Calcutta. As a favor to her, I traveled all over the world, giving retreats, to her sisters. Above all, I am privileged to be spiritual director for hundreds of souls, at every stage of the spiritual life. Some are beginners, others are advanced and some are mystics.For many years, I have been director for a special soul. Five years ago, Jesus and Mary began to speak to this soul through the gift of locutions (as described by John of the Cross). These locutions now total over 800. I have discerned the validity of these locutions. Until now, these locutions were personal teachings given for the small community that gathered in prayer. Beginning on December 10, 2010, a new phase began, namely, some locutions were to be told to the whole world.The beginning locutions are very special; focusing on the Fatima Vision (released by the Vatican (June 2000).Concerning Private Revelations:  These are private revelations and there is no need to believe them.  If these revelations help your faith, then receive them.  If not, you can set them aside.  We are called to believe only public revelations.wjonhhjsLucy’s Fatima VisionPrint This Post Print This PostJan 1st, 2011Since the messages that follow concern the effects of the Pope’s dream which Mary revealed to the three children of Fatima (July 13, 1917) I will put here Lucy’s description of that vision as released by the Vatican (June 2000)We saw in an immense light that is God: “something similar to how people appear in a mirror when they pass in front of it”, a Bishop dressed in white. We had the impression that it was the Holy Father. Other bishops, priests, men and woman religious going up a steep mountain, at the top of which there was a big Cross of rough-hewn trunks, as of a cork-tree with the bark; before reaching there, the Holy Father passed through a big city half in ruins and half trembling with halting step, afflicted with pain and sorrow, he prayed for the souls of the corpses he met on his way; having reached the top of the mountain on his knees at the foot of the big Cross, he was killed by a group of soldiers who fired bullets and arrows at him, and in the same way, there died one after another, the other bishops, priests, men and women religious, and various lay people of different ranks and positions. Beneath the two arms of the Cross, there were two angels each with a crystal aspersorium in his hand, in which they gathered up the blood of the martyrs and with it sprinkled the souls that were making their way to God.1. Keep Your Eye on IsraelPrint This Post Print This PostFeb 4th, 2011JesusHow long will it be? Keep your eye on Israel. This is the center. By keeping your eye on Israel you will get to know the time. Not exactly, but you will see it coming closer. The more danger there is to Israel, the closer the time will be.I love Israel and I love Jerusalem. In Jerusalem, I shed my blood, redeemed the world and rose from the dead. It is a sealed city, sealed in my blood and in my Holy Spirit. Even more than geography, I love the Jewish people. They are my people.

JesusThe problem is Russia. She is the mother of iniquity. She loves neither America nor Israel.That is why my mother asked that Russia be consecrated to her Immaculate Heart. WhenRussia is consecrated all will be drawn together. For now she spreads her iniquity. All theother evil is nourished by her, for she still wants to be the first among the nations. She usesothers for her goals, finding partners in evils.(locutions.org)It's not that simple guys.Mutual Assured Destruction (MAD) is what has historically prevented nuclear armed countries from destroying themselves. But when one country nullifies this deterrent from affecting them, there would be nothing, but human judgement, to stop the country from carrying out nuclear attacks (and you know how fallible human judgement can be).If the U.S. carried out it's initial plan, it would have had a Sword of Damocles hanging over the heads of all other countries. A spoken and unspoken threat that other countries, especially nuclear powered ones like Russia and China, would find it extremely difficult to live under.Try thinking about it from a different perspective. How would the U.S. react if a country like say China or Russia suddenly sets up missile defenses that nullifies its potential nuclear threat on them but leaves theirs open to the U.S. Obama is right to be cautious and not be bull headed and ignore all the potential consequences to such a decision. I'm sure they have this kind of scenario mapped out in Washington and the Pentagon. A situation like this can very, very easily spiral out of control.

"When Communism Comes Again, Everything Will Happen" - Our Lady of Garabandal to Conchita"Russia has but one plan: to capture the whole world. They will do this without heart or conscience. Therefore, know that I ask you again, as your God in the Trinity, I ask you to contact the Holy Father—through pen or prose, or the written script—to contact the Holy Father and beg him to consecrate Russia to the Immaculate Heart of My Mother. This has not been done, My children." - Jesus, May 17, 1986

a visionary who receives messages from Jesus and Mary has said that the threat of nuclear war is very great (locutions.org), although most people are asleep about this...many prophets have said that when leaders and others are going around the world shouting "PEACE, PEACE," then that is when we should be really worried...b/c that is when the danger will be the greatest....and since there has been relative peace for the last half-century regarding this threat, many think that this danger has been completely averted...

We must invade Russian lands before they consume all the resources they have..

Our building of the missile defense system is idiotic. Not only does it violate various treaties, it's also completely pointless. Try shooting a bullet with another bullet and see how hard it is. Now try doing it in space and you have a grasp of how stupid this idea is and a huge waste of money.

In the frist place, why are we enemy with Russia, and not the European nation??

@ TRACEY C the STAR WARS MISSLE PROGRAM never STOPPED hahahahaah

ARM ALL NUCLEAR WAR HEADS

How can we as Americans protect ourselves from our overbearing government? I do not remember having been taught how to do this I think we are suppose to eliminate them by any means possible

Let's just do WW3 already and get it over with. I need some excitement in my life anyways.To YAHOO: please don't hide comments due to low ratings. Everyone deserves a chance to state their honest opinions, whether beautiful or ugly.

When his term is out he will move to Indonesia, Africa, wherever he thinks he will fit in and be safe. With secret Service protection of course. In the meantime he's going to bleed us dry and leave us defenseless.

The only 2  things that move a Russian are cheap Vodka and a good bowel movement! Who cares what Russia thinks? That being said, I do concede that  they do have the most exceptionally bueatiful women in the world in Russia!

My brother’s do you know today most of worldwide politicians are puppeteers of New World Order. New World Order slowly taking over whole World? Do you know what NWO plans are and what there manifesto states? Do you know after NWO will be in total control they will implant one of their dramatic plans call “Final solutions“ which is to eliminate 80-90% worldwide population and slave all remains rest of 500 million people. Many of NWO followers don’t know or don’t understand all their plans especially “Final solution for all humanity". Do your research you mast Google “New World Order”! Information will wake you up to the reality!

Russia is a huge country and it's hard to move that much land mass quickly.

Everybody's ready to bomb the US. I wonder why?

Liberal schmucks like Hagel, Obama,Biden and the other yahoo's of the democratic party have no clue dealing with the real world. Our enemies and the rest of the world laugh at these jerks. The world is getting more and more dangerous and we are trying to be nice and disarming! We are a has been super power. Ronald Reagan must be turning in his grave.

people in this counrty needs to arm themself...war is coming to the soil of the U.S.A. and we will be the ones to defend our homes...you will wake up one morning soon and china will be here...and your goverment will be in hinding....WAKE UP PEOPLE

I guess russia is not like little IRAQ-LIBYA-AFGANISTAN-PANAMA-TURKEY-UGANDA-KOSOVO-SOMOLIA-HAITI-BOSNIA-GRENAD-PAKISTAN,,just to name a few....I guarantee you russia won't be using I.E.D.s or suicide bombers... I don't hear all of you pro war fools begging to get russia. DON"T PUNK-OUT now

That's because Russia knows the real Americans, United States of America are patiently waiting......that that stupid, racist, piece of garbage Barack Hussein Obama to be gone....then it's back to US against them, China, Iran and the odds and God are on our side.Imagine if Obama were elected the president of Russia back in 2008.....By 2009 the world would be asking Barack who?.......... never heard of him.I remember the USA were about to declare war on USSR when they were planning to put missiles in Cuba, but it is ok for the USA to plant missiles in Poland or Alaska? I dont think so.. Im 100% against USA planting any missile system in any part of Europe..

Russia can sooka blach themselves.