We are moving fast towards a revolution.

When this first happened, we could all blame it on Bush Jr, now when it happens again, we get to blame it on Obama.  Shows that no party knows what is good for this country.I say get rid of them all come election time, and put in some real change ( not Sarah Painin......)

Why do I keep seeing this....?

We're moving closer to a 75% global austerity wealth tax on the $21 to $32 contingency reserve fund to increase consumer spending (Demand), so happy times ahead. By the way, "global" means brought to you by Brussels and D.C.

Lest we get too far ahead, and full of ourselves, keep in mind, wall street and mainthe street are no longer joined at the hip. They've diverged long ago, and have relatively no bearing on one another. The only part that hurts, is those wealthy enough to infest and lose no longer have money to spend on you, the main steet small business.

GCEI - Global Clean Energy, turns trash into electricity

Are these all Jim Cramer stocks?

Check out Obama deception and loose change or be a zombie for life ..Freeeeeeee search engine

"NYSE stocks posting largest percentage increases"  This is how the link is labeled"NYSE stocks posting largest percentage decreases" This is how the story is titled.News Media fail.

Did you ever notice that companies with no asset value fall quickly when things go poorly.No wonder Wall Street, Banks, Big Corporations, Investment Houses and Government all want to see a tax on Carbon CO2 and a Carbon Trading Scheme - - - something poorly understood by the public and able to be misused by the savvy trader in the same way as toxic 'Bundled' mortgage packages.- And in case you don't know,  under a 'Carbon Credits Scheme' that makes Carbon or CO2 a tradable Commodity in the open marketplace, and will make some people very very wealthy, enabling massive CO2 emitters to purchase this tradable commodity -shares in forestry plantations, certain farmland or other CO2 sinks- in order to 'off-set' their huge CO2 emissions, the forest and farmland 'classified' as a Carbon Asset (even if privately owned), once traded, automatically becomes the property of the market, not the property of the landowner whose trees or crops are on his land. The private property, forest or farmland, (once the trade in Carbon Assets has been made), is substantially 'worthless' in its future sale value if and when sold to another buyer, as all of the CO2 Assets on that land are no longer included as part of that property of the new buyer, but thereafter remain the property of the bank or investment house, or Government or the big-business who purchased the original 'Carbon Credit'.- Private land and the assets upon it, are therefore removed from the ownership of the land-owner, and the land-owner basically becomes a renter on his own property. His children miss out on inheriting the total land assets - A subsequent buyer of the property is denied ownership of the assets upon the land he purchases. The land therefore devalues incredibly. And moreover, the landowner can not remove or alter any of the 'Carbon Assets' on his/her property as they do not belong to the landowner. But the landowner becomes the responsible party under the law to 'protect' these Carbon Assets that don't even belong to him/her, but belong to the Government, Bank or Private Investment House or Corporation.- The Banks, Government, Investment Houses and Wall Street basically TAKE private property from the landowner.. . . And if one is a 'conspiracy theorist', this is how Wall Street, Government and big business robs the assets of the private land owner and turns the landowner into a mere serf or slave.

A trading platform for CARBON CREDITS?  Derivatives at least are based on some (sort of) fundamental or underlying dictated by movement of the underlying, nature, or some force.Carbon credits would be one of the greatest scams in history.....may as well re-open the infamous bucket shops!If Ram Emanuel can be paid $36 MILLION for brokering the sale of a certain telecom subsidiary...imagine what that lying little thief could do with $200 billion a DAY in carbon credit trading....lions and tigers and bears OH MY!

For every dollar "made" in stocks there is an equal dollar "lost". .. It's called GAMBLING unless it's insider bets  :(

You mean that companies with little to no equity are actually going down in this market?

The effects of 0bama's second spend-a-thon (term) are beginning.

AT 28.9 percent drop is a unjustified, still pays a dividend and a major power provider with net gains of 115 million, hedges rule

Pump and dump, the party's over.The banksters made their$$$, the little man left holding the (empty) bag.

then how come a stock I have has gone from $88 to $200 per share in four years????????

Obama's puppets like Chicago's Mayor Rohm Emanuel is actually saying "the sky is falling, the sky is falling" to the press and on TV coverage of the imposing March 1st Sequester start date. Things like safety in food wont be any good and people will even see slow downs at local grocery stores and at the airports, oh golly,it's the end of the world. "The sky is falling"is the dumbest bunch of #$%$ the Democrats have ever shouted, and all because of a tiny cut less than 5% cut in our BLOATED wasteful full of pork and do you remember $100 toilet seats we taxpayers paid for the Military! Come on folks when you have your hours cut by Company's and less take home pay what do you do? It's simple, you cut back immediately all non-essential spending. Our US Government (really the Millionaire's ie. President, Congress, House of Reps and most State level Democratic Politicians) they just don't get it!!!The time is now to DEMAND TERM LIMITS for all elected politicians and especially JUDGES from the Supreme Courts to the Hamlets all overpaid demigods just look at their records and the current state of affairs in America becoming a socialist nation more each day.

Young people are up aganist it, both couple have to work just to get by.  Savings what is that?A couple s earning power keeps going down.  Higher health care, higher gas, higher food costs. Then there is OBAMA is number one thing is the GAys and Illegal immigrants and that is just how he won the election.   Does he care about the couple that are struggling to make ends meet and the ans is he could care less.SUCCULENT

Who gives a #$%$ about the %. Where's the volume? It's gone folks. This con game is over with the Scam Street

The U.S. Treasury has to print money 24/7, the FED has to keep the Fed Funds rate at 0% permanently, and our economy remains in demand-pull deflation mode is because more than 50% of the world's wealth has been taken out of circulation in order to hide it from shareholders, wives and the taxman. Those who march in solidarity with the perpetrators will be voted into extinction. Capitalism requires a solvent middle class that can afford to consumer spend; NOT a 1% that owns virtually all U.S. wealth:Trillions Hidden in Offshore Accounts by L. Kilzer and A. Conte, July 8, 2012: Across Europe, experts say tax dodgers undermine economies in places such as Greece and Spain, threatening the Euro as a whole. More than half the world’s money passes almost undetected through a series of financial black holes that shelter it from not only the tax collector but from shareholders, partners and wives, a Tribune-Review investigation found.

Parasites are whining, again.

This cannot be true Obama just got done saying that the economy is doing much better.

Stocks have been up and down for the last four years, what has not changed is the struggles the working man is having finding a job, the cost of fuel, the cost of groceries, the cost of healthcare, and companies cutting hours to keep from being taxed for no supplying insurance. Unemployment is still 7.9% real unemployment is more like 12% who have run out of benifits and no longer counted, and even higher is the number of underemployed.

I'm expecting a series of articles that blame this on Bush and / or the Republican Congress.  Everything bad is because of the Republicans and everything good is because of Obama.

What did you expect with the "leader" we re-elected to run the country?

With the price of oil high and unemployment above 7%, the dow is not a good indicator of the economy.  No new higher wage jobs (white collar) will not help current market. It does not take a expert to analyze whats going on.

No kidding...our economy is in shambles, fiscal policy is run like a 3rd grader, the dollar is weaker by the day, and we have Obama as president - the market should be crashing!  and guess what - it will!Here today, gone tomorrow. Stocks fall like Humpty Dumpty.

Thank you Barry. The US dollar devalueing is starting.

Calm down. Watch next week they'll be back up.

This list is just a market correction on a very volatile period when the president has predicted that job growth will be strong in the second quarter meshing with what he said during his victory night last November, he said "the best is yet to come!"The strength of this response from the president reflects the positive thinking that Wall Street managers have been saying all along, that the economy is just regrouping for the best ever result in the coming months. This list of stocks is impressive yet serious in regards where they are going for the forseeable future which remains strong and exciting for the Fed regarding the foreign gold reserves it holds for safekeeping and yet there is no panic!

Looks like the "big players" are going to take the gains from last week and send the market into a spiral again. Same song...........new verse.

I smell SMOKE! BAILOUT Ben Bernanke's PRINTING PRESSES Must be BURNING UP?!!

The PONZI scheme is working well. Next week it will show record increases. Gotta love Wall Streeters.  They make professional bank robbers look like amateurs

Thanks Obama!

So what? At least we'll have gun control and 'gay' marriage. That's what's really important!!!

Obama open mouth and #$%$ hits the fan.But, HIGH GREED and BAILOUT Ben Bernanke are sure to REVERSE this and the DOW will reach new all time HIGHS in 2013 no matter WHAT HAPPENS in the World.

As long as the USA companies sell their products which are made in other countries, we will see more USA companies going belly up, they need to bring manufacturing back to the USA.

Would believe that, but the largest decrease withing 20 years was at the start of the Tech boom. Money flowed into the Nasdeq, and with all crashes the money disappears, and nobody know where it went. For that reason I hate the concept of day trading, and the global economy.

The large companies are closing because, they have been selling foreign made products, they will have to start selling products made in USA, so the profits stay in USA and not go out of the country.

Funny how they don't even talk about the 20% decrease in value of the US Dollar.. (means EVERYTHING should have increased by 20% just to stay at the same level.)Since 1913 (year of the Fed)... our dollar has lost about 97% of it's value.Gold and Silver, have increased more than 500% since 2001.  Can you name ANY other investment that has gone up for 13 years in a row?  It's called GOLD.. REAL gold.. NOT paper gold (ETF karrapp).

Typical con game coming from Wall Street. Bad news then good news, pump &amp; dump. Nothing new here.

With the stock price of Brown Shoe falling so much I suppose more people will not be able to afford shoes and will be going barefoot.  Won't that look funny in New York?

The Obama effect.

Unemployment is down and the economy is up!  errr, at least thats what they're trying to tell us...  Its the government though, im sure they'd never lie to us!

No surprises hereThe market as a whole was up on Friday, but there are still some losers.  This article is about the top ten for the day.  I wish the people that comment would take a comprehension class before commenting.  Clearly half of the people making a comment don't understand what it is about.This liberal/conservative #$%$ is old &amp; it has nothing to do with this article so stop tacking it onto everything. It doesn't make you smart or clever or interesting. Give it a rest already.

AAPL down 200 points, talk about a bubble

Why is this notification appearing for GMXR on my Yahoo Financial Page....up or down, it's appearing....because Yahoo sux !!

They smart investors are dumping stocks for gold and silver. Warren Buffet alone picked up 100 million in gold and will probably be picking up much more. Remember too that these are the same ones who warned the small investors away from doing that.

CHKR pays over 14% dividends. No takers?

Welcome to the Obama double-flusher

It si#$%$ens me that so many Democrats are foolish enough to think that their party supports them and the waning middle class.. Look at your leaders:  Pelosi, Reid, the Kennedy's, Gore, Obama, the Clintons, Edwards, Kerry... the list goes on.  They are the 1%, not just the Republicans...There are tons of Hollywood elite that get caught in tax scams (yet they are the supposed bleeding heart liberals)... how easily fooled the party of liberalism is..

Drink deeply the Kool-aid!

WHO GIVES A BIG HAIRY TOSSOFF

Since last week NYSE dropped by about 350 points,I'm guessing the same rich people that the republicans think they are protecting are going to get a double whammy.They will not only get the tax increase from dollar one but have lost  and will loose a lot more because of the dropping stock prices because no decision can be made.They left off Velt.

You know what is really pathetic? Republican policies are to benefit only the rich; keep taxes low for the rich; give big subsidies to big oil; give tax breaks to corporations who move off shore; We are talking about 2% of Americans who benefit from Republican policies but the poor republicans (not in the top 2%) are brainwashed into thinking they will also benefit somehow. Pathetic really. They are too stupid to do any fact checking and just blindly put their x wherever Limbaugh and Fox tell them.

real bellweather companies. bluest of the bluechips. sell, sell, sell...YAAAAWWWNNNNN!

Anybody else want to buy some make believe before ObaMao collapses the world economy?

Republican starts with 'R'. Romney starts with 'R'. Ryan starts with 'R'. RETARDED and RACIST start with 'R's. Coincidence???

Boehner won't be happy until he take old people's Social Security, and middle class people's tax incentives.  His "Plan B" would have raised taxes on middle class by losing many exemptions like child tax credits etc..  It's crazy middle class people vote for people who try to take their money to give to the rich.

Prosperity is right around the corner.

Merry ChristmasYou better not workYou better not tryBetter stash your moneyI'm telling you whyObamacare is coming to townHe's Knows if you have moneyAnd he knows if you donatehe wants to give all your moneyto all his voting ingrates.Obamacare is coming to townHe  will tax you when you're sleepingHe will tax when you're awakeHe knows if you've been sucessfulSo you will pay for obama's mistake.O! You better watch out!You better not cryBetter not poutI'm telling you whyobamacare is coming to townobamacare is coming to town

mmr 22.5% ITS IMMINENT, GOING TO THE BEACH, SANTA CLAUSS,  I wish someone would cut jim bob's throat as so justly deserved

Trucking Stock seem like a big LOSER with New Reports indicating Highest Operating Costs in 4 Years and 106% Annual Turnover for Drivers..again at 4 year Highs??? Yippee...I sure want my money going to those LOSERS.Pipe Down

This informational piece of article has been putting out technical information in regards to the market. I like these guysCopy and Paste this to your browser -- y.ahoo.it/S+CvF

why was this posted on CEL stock?

Why do these comments say as many as 3 months 11 days ago when the article was just posted 7 hours ago?

Way too expensive.  Suggest "dollar-cost-averaging".

Wise man once say ... The bad leader is hated by the people; the good leader is loved by the people; the great leader leaves them saying, 'We did it ourselves." ... Will Alan Mullally be able to meet these expectations? ... Will he be able to meet the expectations of the FORD shareholders to the point that all will be saying how great a leader he was when he retires? ... Will he be deserving of ANOTHER Multi Million dollar BONUS again at the end of the year? ... or will the board take action and defer any additional bonus payouts until FORD management team can produce CONSISTENT EARNINGS results as they should be for the shareholders????

Top 10 stock losses...  What 10 stocks! I only see 5.....  Didn't even have to take off my shoes for that!

You aren't going to like the way you look. I guarantee it.

I don't know why I even look at these articles anymore.  A 10 year old with some computer knowledge of a search engine could generate the same story.  A real reporter would say WHY the stocks went down!!!!??  Apparently, AP no longer employs real reporters.

Timken is laying us off every other week again at our shop, even tho they are building a new Caster at the Faircrest site a couple miles away. Wonderful!!Inphi (IPHI) went down 28% yesterday. I am beginning to believe Netlist (NLST) is going to win the patent suit against them. I'm getting out. Freakin attorneys!!

You know what they say about Hess?   Me neither.  What do they say?

Cabela's (CAB) announced record numbers, beating analyst expectations.  So CAB is down about 7%.  Should we have a discussion here about a rational market?  Sheesh.

What did I miss on Cabelas (CAB)?

WHY IS LGF GETTING HIT LIKE THIS?

XCO is a turd that can't be flushed until old Wilbur Ross kicks the bucket..No one believes that old Wilbur could be this stupid..

"Big Ben" announced that he wants to keep interest rates low, and the Dow went up about 160 points March 26, 2012.  When will we learn?  His hands are tied because the U.S. economy is NOT doing as well as many of us would like to see.  Banks are afraid to lend and the "Retail Investor" is bewildered.  Many employees are getting laid off, yet "talking heads" are telling you "things are getting better".  Our Healthcare system is a Mess.  Institutions control the Stock Market; You will do O.K. if You are on the Right Side of Their Trades.  Folks, this is a very Dangerous Time to Invest.  Tread the murky water with Caution.

Quad is going to start getting rid of Managment in Merced and riverside very soon.then start with the people they dont need anymore..getting ready to retire the old folks that been at quad.(30years of employment).down sizw and work with wants left.temps are a way to save money but you dont kow if they just got of jail on a dui or murder..? everybody in every company across the states will lay off soon...like march and april  2012 blame it on...2012 they will say !

THEY GOT PAID TO CHOOSE THE COMPANIES......

These are not the biggest percentage decliners on the NYSE.  These are just the companies that AP chose to highlight to the public !!!  Now why did they do that?  To me it just proves that AP is a paid entity that prints garbage at the request of those who own or control them.  The companies listed may be the biggest companies with the largest percentage decline today, but, they didn't say it that way.quad will lay off almost all the chiefs(Managment) CONTROL ALL OF IT AT QUAD COMMAND POST...BACK HOME.... THE NEW SYSTEM WILL BE READY BY APRIL OF THIS YEAR......

Amazon

Buy out 15.65  HO HO HO

RRD needs thier real books opened up ....see how much they are really making in all those contracts. why they do it for real,real low imcome from those contracts. very low bids ..other companies dont gethem because thier is nooooo profit to make,just make sense.out bidding everyone to close all those competive companies ..... RRD is another ERON IN THE MAKING .

Quad NEEDS TO START OVER IN THIER SALARY MANANGEMENT TOO BIG BAY AND BONUSES PAY OUT TOO MUCH IN THIER COMPANY.(LIKE EVERY OHER BIG COMPANY DO).LESS MANAGEMENT AND MORE STRONGER EXPERIENCE WORK FORCE.

DAL announce better net income for 2011 few days ago ,why we so worry about  UAL now.

PAY SORRY...

in quad..alot of wasted salary employees and just temps....the experience is gotten rid of.and the ones that fell off tree ,quad holds on too..?experience and know how ! not ......what Managment thinks who or they to hold on too.....

Huntsman's heading back up - must be a short squeeze cause no one's selling.  nice.

Jon Huntsman Jr. 2012GNI went ex-div of $3.50 on 25th Sept 2012, TEU suffered recent downgrade

It's a good idea to watch for new drugs that have reached the stage of clinical testing on human test subjects, since animal models are not always a reliable indicator of efficacy and safety. Tests on cell lines may reveal even less about a candidate drug.  Have a look at ChromaDex Corporation (CDXC.OB)

Well, when the AKS will report a profit next month...we will see shorters run away...in a big speed...

Absolutely absurb article. What a letdown for someone who is seeking some market insight.

A 10 year old with a calculator can write an article on percentage losers and gainers.  A reporter (seriously lacking in this article) tells you why those stocks gained/lost.

Nordic American Tanker fall was predictable after the announcement of a new offering of 5 and a half million shares of new stock being issued. The news came after yesterdays market close. This will dilute an already beaten up stock price further . It is tough out there in the oil tanker market. Some of the companies in that business won't be around 6 months from now. I do think NAT will be one of the few left however. It will be tough keeping afloat though until the competition is cut down.

What would happen if we just boycott the markets until that thing is out of the Oval office.  Sometimes it seems like a good idea.  It couldn't do any more harm than he will.

What the hell is up with AEA? did i miss something very important?