A bit late, but what can one expect of generally useless politicans, unless they are hard at work feathering their own nests.

India, is one of the most corrupt countries in the world. Though they have a functioning democracy &amp; well doing economy. While Italy's history tells it failed on both the accounts, and it's no better than India in corruption. India's Supreme Court is powerful and unbiased. Italy should have let marines be tried in that country, and there would have been no fuss. Now, they are on a very dangerous path, you can not tell every country in the world, 'Go, #$%$ yourself' without consequences. May be Italy's leaders are less concerned about their their economy and reputation.

Isn't Italy the same country that criminalizes their scientist for not being able to predict earth quakes?  Yes, they were.  As unbelievable as that might sound, look it up and you will see that Italy has ridiculous laws too.  I can tell you that India will not be so generous with future people that they arrest being able to go home for anything.

Look how the mafia works. Lol.

what happened to the rape suspects..zero

Italy has a marine corps?

Italy is a joke.  Who does things like this?

All that we understood was Italians on ships on any profession is a bad idea and the practise doesnt work.

India is outraged over the 2 fishermen but don't give a damn about the rapes that occur everyday over there by their own citizens..#$%$

I feel sorry for the children of the murdered fishermen.Look at the pictures of the 2 guys in the article.  They look like they're from the mafia.Italy have Marines?  really !!!!

You idiots act like gang rapes don't occur in america too!

Ever been to India, land of extremes, wealthy and poor, if your poor you will stay that way. Justice is levied on wealth. Italy did the right thing.

Know what priates do when theyre not attacking ships?  They fish!

This is bad.  Italy should honor its commitment.  The fishermen have families also!

India.1/3 the size of the U.S. with 1.5 billion people.any way you look at it,that can't be good.

Italy will default on their massive economic debts and jump ship on the EU within 2 years.It is an untrustworthy country - as this story shows.They don't honor commitments given by their own govt and they won't pay their debts.

Of course the Italians are lying about being in international wters. And of course the Indians are just plain stupid for releasing the sailors. Why even waste another second...pay the poor fishermens families a few million $$ and move one...we all know how this game plays out...

India...why all of a sudden are they getting so much attention from the media ?...and obviously the media still do not proof read these journalistic gems ! How many errors did YOU find in spelling/gramma/content/ect. ?

Anyone, regardless of country of origin, who travels to India isn't paying attention.Stand trial in Italy. They would not get a fair trial in India.

So the Italian government supports the murder of innocent people in the high seas. No wonder the government is so corrupt.

I'm issuing a warning to all citizens of all countries to exercise caution when traveling in India. Go there and you will likely be raped.

Breaking news.Italy has surrender to India.This end the Italian-Indian conflict.

india needs to clean up its own act before it starts going after the rest of the world.  holding a diplomat hostage in a country where they revere the ferel cows #$%$ in the street more than the lives and safety of its and visiting people, bathing in sewers and pretending they are a world power, other than the home site of the worst no-customer service phone boiler-rooms.

india has said they killed fishermen has any proof other than wailing relatives been shown? they are pirates until proven otherwise they obviously aroused them tankers msecurity detail by some action or other

The only pirates in Indian waters are software pirates.

No warning will stop idiots from going there,

italy can buy indian judge if they want...

Italy is a mafia country.  Their citizens kill people overseas and their country plots their escape.  This will surely be the first country in Europe to skip town on its massive debts and not pay.  Just watch these thieves operate!Funny They just gang rapped a Swiss tourist yesterday.....

If India was taking care of their pirates, there wouldn't be a problem.  Sounds like India needs to control pirates and rapists.  Unless the media has a current anti India agenda....  Wise people are skeptical of the media.

Two Italian marines accused of killing Indian fishermen while on anti-piracy duty. Italy is correct, but the two must stand trail.

New Delhi which has barred the Italian ambassador from leaving the country.(Wrong India... Tit ta for tata is not the answer...)

india should send their aircraft carrier towards italy right now.italy broken on their promise.

Sonia Gandhi in collusion with the corrupt Indian judiciary scripted the release of the Italians.  Nothing can be trusted in India , it is a sham democracy run by corrupt wealthy politicians aided by criminals. Indian army should stage a coup and eliminate all the politicians , judiciary, law enforcement and then start afresh, that is the only way to improve that country which is in the same league as sub-Saharan African nations.

India is a garabage dump of human waste!

Look at those two douchebags....Like they knew they were about to be sprung and get away with Murder!!!!

This is a case of accidental shooting in international waters. Over and done with. That is a risk anyone will take when pirates storm and takeover a ship.

I am not shocked by the comments of  western people. I always knew that their opinion is biased. Some justified by saying that there are rapes in India, women are not respected bla bla. Does it justify that if there are rapes in India meaning by Italian sailors should not be brought for justice for killing 2 Indian people. How it is connected? Italy made it believe that the sailors would return back after voting for trial and these westerners who believe in rule of law are rejoicing the fraud of Italian government by saying things which are not relevant. Now start pressing dislike button, I already know the  skin colour of people who are pressing dislike, thanks.Perhaps India would be better off trying to get it's men to, I don't know, NOT raping people all the time.To tell the truth, I was kinda hoping that Switzerland would invade India after the gang rape and robbery of Swiss nationals the other day.

Granted leave for... voting? What the heck? "Oh, yes I promise to come right back!"It's just amazing that they returned the first time, but I really can't imagine anyone being allowed to leave jail to go to another country, especially when the crime they're accused of it murder.

All this talk of rape in India.  It's a good thing it doesn't happen here.  Wait....what's this on the front page of Yahoo of Ohio Teens guilty of rape?!?  ehh..who cares...we're too busy judging India.

did they really think they were coming back? i guess since they were stupid enough to send them in the first place they figured they would just continue to do stupid things.

India where living in garbage is just a way of life of which they are accustomed. India is one of those countries that doesnt count a female as a human being where they allow the selling of children, allow child prostitution, and allow the raping of women and children.

Lucky they weren't gang raped.

You should know that the ambassador of Italy in India had submitted a signed affidavit to the Supreme Court of India that these marines will return back to India. Incredibly, the Government of Italy REFUSES  to honor its own ambassador's solemn guarantee! What kind of people are leading Italy now? Is Italy a Fascist state again? Does the Prime Minister of Italy think that India is their colony? To put it mildly, the Italian leadership is childish, if not racist and Fascist. Italians will not be proud of their conduct when they would know the facts. The Italian ambassador will be asked to leave India if it is not resolved. India is not Iran. But it would have negative consequences. It takes two to build; only one to destroy.

I am in doubt, there were mistakes. The fishing is a good mask for pirates and India must take a look into "activities" of own such "fishermen". Italian Navy would provide a good movie, no doubt.

Italy does not have a marine corps, this is shoddy translation . Maro' is a short term for marinaio, a member of the Marina which in proper tranlation means Navy. What is of more interestt should be the fact that India is now detaining the Italian ambassador. This is against all diplomatic laws. This certainly make you wonder about the correctness of any legal proceedings in India. So Freddy, what do you have to say about this?

India is "furious", cutting off all customer support. Peggy says through with these damn whops.Italy has some excellent WWII guns for sale, never fired and only dropped once.

Every country should have a travel advisory against going to India.

Italy will definately not pay its massive national debt and default on it screwing all creditors.From this story alone you can see the criminal mindset of that nation.  If the govt in Italy can plot the escape of 2 murderers, there's no limit to what criminal activity they can do.

Many words in different languages appear to mean the same but they do not and often leading to misunderstanding.  Mare = Sea; Marino = Sailor/seaman; Marina Italiana = Italian Navy.

India should terminate relations with Italy until they hand over Two sailors. India should detain it's ambassador/consul as he promised/given guaranteed of returning them to Indian supreme court. India should learn a lesson to be tough internationally. If don't return them then India should also go to Italy waters and shoot their fisher men. Be strong India, Don't bend.

No one should travel to India...

Italian belligerence and some comenters' ignorance is appalling !

India will defecate down crooked Mafia country Italy's throat very soon...

India wants to divert attention from the problems they have inside their country to anybody outside the country.

Those guys are Marines? They look like the Village People...India is one place I never thought of visiting. After talking to people at some of their call centers they are probably glad im not going to be a visitor.Their country and laws concerning women and rapes id dispicable to say the least so why would I want to give them tourist dollars anyway.

What does the gang rape, a crime that happened at some other place and some other time has to  with this killing. It like saying, since shootings happens in America so all americans are psychopaths.too much news online is making people dumb.

Indians should stop eating PIZZA.

People of India ! Wome is youw Fwiend !

Italian Marines, striking fear in the hearts of fishermen everywhere....

india should set up a task force india  "america navy seal"secretly transported to italy and bring them back to india. with help of elite troops of india.aircraft carrier on the standby on the sea of mediterrane.helicopter can launched at night and carried out this important task.this mission would boost india image on international stage- perfect execution of such plan.

The Italian governament  already paid the families of the dead fishermen with several million dollars. The accident happen in unternational waters , india does not have jurisdiction and their legal system is notoriously very slow  and corrupted.It's just an internal political matter where the indian leadership doen not want to loose face to their political opposition. I am Italian and always liked and respected India but in this case I believe that their position is wrong. The matter should be resolved by an international arbitrator.

Instead of playing national pride here, the Indians should seek compensation for the families of the dead since the Italians will not agree to the point that the killings happened in Indian waters.Many Indians feel they are a superpower already, in my view they are not even close as they have not burned sufficient midnight oil to earn this title, but this feeling and pride amongst the Indians is getting in the way of resolving this issue.This issue and more importantly the hideous treatment of females in the streets of many Indian cities is creating a pretty nasty image of India but the reality is that its not misplaced.  The corrupt government and the patronage for gangsters and mafias in India prolongs the misery of the tourists and the locals.

No warning about roving bands of rapists, but that marine issue has them scared.

Italy has to first demonstrate they know the difference between India and Somalia, between international waters and between Indian territorial waters. The fight against piracy will now have to take a back seat whilst this matter is sorted out. From having firstly submitted to the jurisdiction of Indian municipal courts to now claiming the matter should be tried in the International Courts of Justice is something novel and deceptive. It invites the inference that Italy had no respect for Indian sovereignty in the first place. Their ambassador ought to be kept in India indefinitely together with members of their diplomatic staff till the two thugs and gun wielding murderers under the Italian flag are returned to India to face justice.few years ago a frisky american marine flying  a war plane cut a the wire of an italian cable car killing some 20  people. Somethig was done about it ? americans seems to have short memory about their own botchery but fast to point the finger at others.

I am argentinian I am welcome everywhere.

Get A Fk Life You Indian Haters

seems fair.  int'l waters.Italian govt should pay some comp to fishermen and wrap things up.anyone has faith in joke of a govt where rapes occur every hr or more?i think not.  India a 3rd world country and can't be trusted.

The indian authorities are the first ones to be dishonest who tricked the ship captain by tell him to come to the port for few questions then they decided to arrest the two guards on murder charges to get money out of the italian goverment.I am thinking that if the fishermen got shot is because they were really too close to the container ship and the crew knew that they were in international waters otherwise they would have never gone to the port for questions.Sorry to say but India is the biggest cheat in this story

Send in the Legions .. Expand the Empire

Ps The bloody ITALIAN MAFIA shoved NUCLEAR WASTE off the COAST of Somalia.....so these Italians should not be talking too much.......

Great Mother India ~ the Amritsar Temple feeds a 100,000 people a day for free. This is one Nation that is suffering the technological age when with too much access to internet PORN........ps Sonia Ghandi is Italian ?????

Athena, sweet girl if you have a Navy you have marines!!!! let me enlighten you the USMC falls under the Department of the Navy!

Italy promised that the marines would return after votes, but now they won't ? The Indian courts has ordered the Italian ambassador not to leave India because he's probably the one who signed the bail for these marines. Why are you racist blame India? And what the #$%$ does rape has to do with shooting fishermen. You stupid #$%$*What happens to my post? How many times I am going to rephrase it and it's still censored although there is nothing offensive in it?

one of the most corrupted country on earth; I have seen Indians all over the world from India to Fidji to Guyana and Trinidad and Tobago. Their only objective in life is money at all costs, they are dishonest people, without a word, completly sexually frustrated (please refer to rape and look at indhi movies) and in a nutshell bad, very bad people. is there good people in India ; yes of course but the image which is today given of this country through the world by their politicians, their business men and women and by the indian diaspora in general is disgusting. period.

Italian mafia is ruling India all the way to the PM office who is controlled by Sonia (Italian by birth and brought up).

India is stupid if they think anyone with possible murder charges would return back for trial..

You people are disgusting, rapes happen EVERYWHERE not just India. Very stupid and ignorant comments. and Italy is totally wrong here they murdered 2 people and had a agreement with India that they would return and broke the agreement.

India may be violating the Vienna Convention by holding back the Italian Ambassador. However, if the Ambassador has formally entered into an agreement with the Indian Judicial system as a representative of the Italian Government, assuring the return of the two marines, then his agreement constitutes a 'bilateral agreement' to which Italy is contractually bound as any 'bondsperson' in granting bail. Whereas if the Ambassador entered into an agreement in his personal capacity, then yes he is liable to stand trial (even so in absentia) like any bail guarantor or bondsperson, where the imprisoned has jumped bail. His diplomatic status might help him to leave the country, but India will be able to sue him in both Italian courts and International courts. The Vienna Convention provides for diplomatic immunity only in a diplomat's receiving country, not in the sending country or other jurisdictions.Sensibly the International Diplomatic community should urge Italy to refrain from acting like a bully and encourage a resolution by returning the marines (who are still innocent until proven guilty). It is most unlikely that they will face any serious legal discrimination in a case that has gained so much of international attention. The courts in India are independent of the Government. A special court was being set up to expedite this case. So India was doing its best to dispose of the case in fairness !!!

The guys in the picture look like they don't have a worry in the world even though they just killed a couple of guys.

Italy should stop all its businesses with india so do whole world.its a country of rapists and mnipulating people.Not safe for foreigners to visit.take an example of swiss  poor lady.

I've been in an Italian once, not bad.  Never been in an Indian yet.

India was not right to trust the Italian Government and let those sailors to go back home. They trusted the Italian ambassador's word and affidavit guaranteeing the same to the Indian Supreme Court, (that means  the ambassador might not have intentionally lied to the Indian Government). Once they were back home the politicians took over and in order to display nationalism they reversed their word, they made to a Sovereign Government (thru its Ambassador). This is unacceptable as it creates a climate of distrust on the international diplomatic scene. I hope cooler heads prevail and that Italy understands that weakening their credibility to defend potential murderers is a losing proposition !!! Now Indian diplomats should seek US, EU, UK, UN and other international powers  to convince Italy, to mend its ways !!!Ah, good old Shitaly!

J ew s have assim i lated in to e very part of so ciety in e very co untry . E very w ar since  the b l o od y fr ench re vo lution has be en a bout one th ing. Yo ur b l o od.Li teral ly .  Wh ere a re  yo ur ch il dren ?

With the amount of rapes that happen there, I think every nation should warn its citizens about traveling to India.

thats true actually every country should use that precaustion,kerala is dangerous place with tamil nado people .they are pirates and with uk cooperation they kill people on board.Italy is 100% correct

Like anyone is going to miss two peasant fishermen

India let these Italian clowns go back on purpose - they couldn't have possibly thought that they would be returned.  The only surprise will be how the Italian diplomat will be treated for publicly lying to India's government.  This probably has something to do with the helicopter case.

Basically I think India is off base to anybody in the world.

Know Italy, Know Trust :)yeah the idiots below would comeback with India corruption and rapes, but those are all internal as Italy has those too. India never double crossed another country..even pakistan

Those mthr fcrs should pay for their crime. Rome is the beast of civilization

I don't get your stupid logic and the connection between two separate incidents. You think just because recently there's been an increasing number of sexual crimes in India, for some reason India has to let go two people who killed fishermen, in Indian seas?Good, kick out Italian influence and take your filthy #$%$ Sonia back with you.

There is very littke justice in India, alot of people in office are repeted rapists and get away with it every time.How do you ignorent people expect that justice can be delivared in such a country? Besides the ship was in territorial waters,thus India has no claim for the matter.

Swiss people cannot be trusted. They are rude, liars and cannot be trusted. Most likely they are not telling the truth.

No country has the right to kill anyone in international waters no matter what they are doing so long as they are not attempting to board a ship without permission. It's all countries right to presecute the cold blooded murder of its citizens who were engaged in procuring meagre living for themselves and their families in international waters.

With so many great place in the world why someone would waste money to travel to India? To be raped on the streets? To be accused of murder when innocent?To risk to be placed in jail for not committing crime. To face a system of corroption? Think over before going to this place.You might go but never come back.

I agree it is India's fault to begin with. Who are you kidding. Haven't heard of any country in the world except India releasing alleged criminals of another country to go back and celebrate Christmas with their families or vote in their elections when they are standing trial in India. I bet Italy wouldn't have allowed the same treatment if they were Indian marines killing Italian fisherman. It is a lesson India should learn from this incidence for showing humanity to wrong people. If the state of Italy cannot keep its written promise to India's Supreme Court of Law to return the marines to stand trail in India then let India keep the Italian consul in it's custody and then watch how these Italians dance to their tune. Tit-for-Tat is the only language some people understand

i mean really how can the white skinned people, the civilized arce, the ones who came up with the concept of interantional law and morality and justice ...be allowed to be judged by those barbarians? don't they know who italy is...who rome is ...what theroman empire was ? who the hell do they think they are ...those brutes fromt he east? send them some nukes ....oh darn, what was that ...they have the nukes and not us .....os #$%$!

Attack Italy. This country is much weaker than India at this present time.