Our greatest Gulf ally is one of the top human-rights abusers on the planet, with many living in poverty and squalor, located behind the over-the-top luxury residences and the expensive shopping malls.

10,000 billionaires in Saudi Arabia, rest of population is just above poverty, this keg is gonna blow, China a million billionaires, rest of population just above poverty level, this is going to be interesting.

In such a rich country there is no housing, unemployment and healthcare?  They bring so many foreign workers and yet do not hsve work for their own people?  Souns familiar somehow.

He described a mood of stagnation which he said was caused by a lack of housing, unemployment, poverty, corruption, weak health and education systems...I can't put my finger on it, but that's sounds eerily familiar.

Goat milk for everyone!!

What I don't understand is why he isn't calling for the death of the Great Mufti. The Great Mufti of Saudi broke Mohammad's written law, the Covenant To Christians, when he called for the destruction of Christian buildings. By not calling for the execution of the Great Mufti, that makes him a fake Muslim, or an infidel. In which case his followers should call for his execution. The fact that the followers don't call for his execution makes them fake Muslims, or infidels too. Why it is almost like they are all hypocrites, and they use their religion as a sham to perpetrate violence.

The cleric is being a little daring, here, but this is nothing unusual: the only reason the bloated, corrupt Saudi ruling family has been able to hold on to power is by relentless intimidation and punishment against dissenters. They WANT that Western oil money, and know what side their bread's buttered on. At the same time, they use bribes to hold on to power, too- all of the Sunni jihadist madrassas in the world are funded by a percentage of S.A.'s oil revenues.

Im glad to be a natural born American citizen...

Until there is separation of church and state, this place is going to Ala in a hand basket.

Saudis don't want to work they all want to be in charge. Anyone going up against  the royal family will get a c-130 ride as like back in the 70s. They went up in a c-130 but when the 130 landed they were not in it. But they did come someplace.Another soon not to be Israeli American ally with problems at home.

Political reform? Look at Egypt. Look at Syria. Look at other countries in North Africa and what the Arab Spring did to them.

So now, the US Govt is giving the Saudis 200 mil so the king can spend it on social programs, less shipping and handling fees of course.

Saudi Arabia does alot to help educate and employ it,s people but half the problem is they don,t want it. What they want has nothing to do with education are employment but have a social life.

"The conservative Islamic kingdom" ... like calling a cobra bite unpleasant.Make it "Waslam".Islam is poison and we are stupid.

Why he should be stoned, lashed, have his hand cut off, and then have his head cut off! How dare he speak the truth!

The MB will eventually take a bite out of this pie. islambie terrorist against islambie terrorist financiers.

Why does a country with all that oil wealth mistreat their citizens?  The central teaching of Muhammad was to care for the poor and have a fair society.  This is the country that Mecca is located in!  Guess the only thing that wealthy muslims want to follow is Muhammad's example of having 10 wives, one of which was 9 years old.  Talk about a sick culture!

And to think they could be unleashed on the world at any time.

Are there any rational people living in the Middle-East?  Don't mean to sound condemning, but they sound and act as if they are little more than theocrats who lucked out and had a bunch of science-based Americans come over in the 20s and discover oil.Since then it's all been about revenue-sharing and Sharia Law.They are next....

This is window dressing. There will never be true peace in the arab world until women are given legitmate equal rights, and the islamic clergy endorses it.

Saudi Arabia is a ticking time bomb. A closed society ruled by an unelected despotic monarchy is inherently unstable in today's world. Saudi Arabia can not survive in its present form for more than another few decades at most. The only real questions are how the current regime will fall about, the exact details of its demise, and then, the most important question, what will come after?

Sheikh Salman al-Awdah may be described as "a conservative  cleric,"   but he is speaking up about issues that are important to people everywhere.  He  was imprisoned from 1994-99and may very likely be imprisoned again.But there are some changes which even the Saudi monarchy will not be able to prevent.

The Islamic kingdom is the one that really needs the seperation of church and state! Maybe we ought to send the ACLU over and get them straightened out on this issue!

No different than most of the world buddy.

It's just a matter of time before the entire middle east is burning, either from within or without. Muslims cannot stand peace and prosperity, it's a dead spot in their brains.

If you follow the terrorist money trail far enough you will find the Saudi kingdom.

Lock them up or buy their silence. That is how dictatorships control the masses. The surely don't get that by giving them freedom or equality.

The discriminate against laborers recruited from foreign countries in Saudi Arabia is so bad. They promise them such and such salary but the workers do not even get 1 / 3 of that amount.Saudi Arabia is our closest middle eastern ally, yet the recent CIA investigation into 9/11 found that elements within the Saudi Arabian government were directly involved in the 9/11 attacks, the only nation actually involved in the attacks. It is also home to Wahabism, the most extreme brand of Islam, and the one from which Bin Laden hails. The US troops stationed in Saudi Arabia is what  incenses Wahabist believers and started the Al Qaeda Jihad against the US. It is also western money and arms that keeps the oppressive Saudi Arabian family in power. You don't hear much about them in the news, but they are intimately involved in the involvement of the US over in the middle east. And it's all creepy.

Saudi Arabia endorse acts of terrorism. On a day when Americans were incinerated or buried under tons of rubble, Muslims in Saudi, celebrated in the streets. If you noticed they seem happy about dead Americans.  Saudi is wher the 911 hijackesr came from.  Saudi is not a tolerant freindly place it is the kingdom of evil.  The islamic center of terrorist worldwide.

Sheikh Salman al-Awdah  described a mood of stagnation which he said was caused by a lack of housing, unemployment, poverty, corruption, weak health and education systems, the plight of the detainees and the absence of any prospect of political reform.That's not just in the Arab Nation but world wide, people are fed up with a government that continues to tax them to death and is really only out for their own good. Things are quickly spiraling out of control! And the people are fed up!

Saudi Arabia, purchased 60 billion dollars of USA's arms about 2 years ago and has been distributing it Syrian opposition group.

It's long over due for the "Kingdom" to come crashing down and off with the heads of these dictators.

try to take a bible into saudi arabia.  it will be taken from you as soon as you step off the plane..i can't understand why our country allows saudi's to come here , wear their garb and built wahhabi schools..but then one has to only check the history between our oil barons and the bush family ties to the house of Sa'ud that has lasted for generations...

clerics uber alles!

Too much distortion in the news media..Report the news un-biased.

"The issue of the detainees has brought some Saudi Islamists and liberals to make common cause against what they see as a punitive approach..."  Really stupid.  There is a time to be punitive, when your life and the whole basis of liberalism is at stake.  You need to be punitive with Islamists.  The Arab Spring has shown that.

Another place where religion could make the whole country erupt into violenceYou know when you find an error in a news report, how it casts doubt on the whole thing?"Wahhabi school of Islam discourages political involvement."No.  The Wahhabists are the ones who want to push radical Islamic Fundamentalism all over the world.  They're the Islamists who created Al Quaeda.

It's becoming clear that "reform" in the Islamic world may mean sinking deeper into the clutches of Islam.

The Saudi need to share their wealth more proportionally with the rest of the population. Throwing a few thousand dollars there and there is not going to squash of protest.

In the last 30 years many of the oil selling nations of the Middle-east have been turned into nothing more than giant oil selling corporations devoid of democratic principles, civil rights, human rights, religious freedoms, free press etc. The citizens of these nations are nothing more than oil company employees devoid of real voting rights or the ability to civilly and effectively address their government. The religious/political leaders of these giant oil-selling corporate nations......are nothing more than corporate CEO's....dictating their insane religious-political policies to the captive citizens below them in the name of religious/political purity... which is actually just a device to keep the masses in line and isolated from the civil democracies of the West. Basing nations on the corporate model is, in effect and practice, a form of fascism.

It is absolutely unbelievable the west/nato double standard.  NATO bombed Libya and killed Ghadafi the great that does not have Sharia law and has freedom for its people especially women but NATO looks the other way when it comes to Saudi Arabia that oppresses its people and imposes one the the most savage sharia laws known to man chopping people hands and heads while the west look the other way.  France went to Mali to prevent sharia law but have good relationship with the biggest sharia law country in the world Saudi Arabia.

It's a bad sign when the voice of reason and reform is coming from the religious fanatics in your country.

The Moslem world is such a mess, has always been a mess, and probably will remain a mess, that the US's choices are simple: support any Moslem nation which which is good for the national interest!

they live under sharia law, what rights

this cleric issued his warning immediately after a meeting with dennis rodman.

Hey Saudi Arabia, if you want to change how about starting with treating women in your country like human beings!Nice try; no money, weapons or subversion for you. I think we are all catching on to this game, no?

Saudi hold power by force, they kill any poltical oppsition.  Worship Islam and submit or die.

Saudi Arabia is deformed by attempting to use religion control various aspects of their society. They believe frankly unbelievable things and then they try to bend government, law, society and the people to make it reality.

If it doesn't trickle down to main street someone loses their head and thugs take over...eventually.

Kingdom of Saudi Arabia must be removed, in the 21st century there is no room for monarchy, people should decide their own destiny.

boom soon

@Saudi Arabia:  I hope you are happy, that there are many people out there that hate Islam!  Its governments like yours that give a religion like Islam a bad name!Islam originally worshiped women and gave them rights that you don’t give to women in your own country!You can’t just make the rules up and expect me to believe that this is what Islam is actually about! You might have other Westerners fooled, but you most certainly don’t have me fooled!How dare you use your power hunger to distort the message of Allah!  When you step on women and put them it prison…for being raped, that’s where you cross into self-promotion territory!  Islam was founded to spare women from horrible fates like this, you aren’t helping the Muslim religion out at all!

King Abdulah and Bush took long strolls holding hands!

Allah is on the side of those with the most effective guns and soldiers(sailors, airmen etc.).That said, the problem over there as I see it is many of the people are too concerned with earthly concerns instead of  following the words of their betters(who know and understand Allah's plan) and preparing for the afterlife!

Obama should pay attention to what the Saudi cleric said!!!I lived in Saudi Arabia for 17 years, they have free education, free medical, food is subdised and  loans are eventually forgiven.The Saudies try to lift everyone; some you cannot help those poor are poor just like here in America, beause they are mostly lazy.

The more conservative and patriarchal a society, the more corruption.  Check out Transparency International, the UN's Millennium Goals, and the Happiness Gross National Product movement to learn more about how that backward paradigm of weak socially immature, easy to bribe men in charge with fists and guns is no longer workable in the global economy of the 21st century.  These "clerics" whining in Saudi Arabia are too far behind and have much worse problems to solve within themselves than societies can tolerate any longer.

What Muslim nations and the ordinary Muslim need is a political change in every nation  and the Muslims need to follow a living Islam, not something to do with oppression and suppression of basic right. Islam is a universal religion completed and perfected by God and it needs no reform but people need reform because they have gone back to their old ways and its messages are universal and for all mankind but Muslims need to pass these messages and live an exemplary life for others to emulate. Unfortunately Muslims are sometime worse than non-Muslims, they become emotional and reckless. There are reasons behind these behaviors either they are politically motivated or ignorant of Islam. In fact, Saudis need to show the world the true Islam, not their version of Islam that keeps them in power and ivory towers..

Cia will overthrow thier saudi pals with thier all purpose skeleton key the muzzie brutherhood and al cia da-arab spring hell- its the stinkin new world smell odor o death destabilizing everyone everywhere- and like our nazi pal kisstherothschild buttinger says- out of chaos will come the stinkin new world odor--------------------- they are all traitor #$%$mmmmmmmm

Saudi clerics suck camel #$%$.

This country is well on the same. We are tired of our leaders ruling us instead of working for us. Take congress out to the shed and spank some sence in their heads. And fire them.

Do they have a freedom of religion in Saudi Arabia?

Is this the country we strongly support? Shameful.

Saudi Arabia is a big problem and has been for a long time.

Remember 9/11?  It was Saudis who were responsible for the day of horror; but the President at that time chose to go after Iraq, thus violating the sovereignty of that nation for reasons known only to Mr Bush and his various lackeys and warmongers.  I wonder why he did that?  Could it be about oil?The answer for the House of Saud is to lead by example.If by faith one lives, then to live simply is to please Allah..

you just can't argue with the wisdom of Islam

"He described a mood of stagnation which he said was caused by a lack of housing, unemployment, poverty, corruption, weak health and education systems, the plight of the detainees and the absence of any prospect of political reform."   Sounds like the USA.

We have oil here and enough to stop buying it from the Saudis but Obama is still kissing the Saudi King's #$%$ instead of drilling at home.

Violent overthrow is acceptable when the situation is intolerable.

Sheikh Salman al-Awdah, a conservative Saudi cleric--what a scary idea, in a country that still executes people for witchcraft and adultery, will kill or jail you for saying there are some things you don't like about Muhammad, and where women aren't allowed to drive.  So basically, he is an Islamic fascist.  That's what Islamism (not Islam) is all about--Islamic fascism.

They need to read the king james version of the holy bible.............

Too complicated for interpretation. The Saudi Gov't allows certain dissidents to speak out in general terms, as a way of displaying how they are willing to listen. While other parties have been jailed for simply writing to a newspaper or belonging to the wrong religious sect, Shia. Meanwhile the gov't appeases the people by giving a lavish allowance to each citizen, money that is often wasted in coffee shops or restaurants or to finance the purchase of prestigious ornaments like cell phones and even financing cars.

Talk about a war on women....and yet feminists and libturds say nothing.

the royal family will not let things get out of control in that country far too much at risk with oil production to jeopardize the status quo.....This is all part of the plan. Saudi Arabia will have an Arab Spring, it's just the way TPB will it to be.

next country that will be run by mulahs and jihadists  the US needs to start dependingon our own energy and not listen to the LIAR IN CHIEF

Obamas presidency is divisive worldwide.  I was starting to get worried that he was dividing America now I know he just divisive enough to split the world.  That's what happens when you speak with forked tongue.

Wahhabist are the #$%$ of this earth.

Read the history of Saudi Arabia before you go off half cocked. It is not a country like any other in the world. Technically, all of the land is owned by the House Of Saud. Those who are not part of the family are basically tenants or employees. Having a say in the "government" is about as ludicrous as you having a say in your employer's or landlord's business.

The article says: "lack of housing, unemployment, poverty, corruption, weak health and education systems" - are they talking about America or Saudi Arabia?

open islamiic prison, closed to outside influence

to @Michael what is worse is the implications of these new superpowers being over run byeven more radical leadership with nuclear weapons to boot.

peaceMIRROR MIRROR on the WALL

As the Saudi family is the keeper of the faith, the cleric might wish to be careful in his condemnations.The Arab Spring changed the politics of the Middle East. The dictators have to pay attention to the people now. China is scared of its people. China will have a China spring soon. China is a terrible country.

Well well well saudi here you are you've sponsored terrorism world wide it's your turn to face them and they 're @ your doors.

Saudi problem is the huge disparity of wealth. More than 95% of the oil revenue goes to less than 5% of the Saudi population.

You know all we have to do is sit back and watch the sand folks kill each other.... each tribe has the in with the "profit"  oh I'm sorry the virgins... oh well you know what I mean...

Afraid of Democracy are we? Top 1% really loved Bush/Cheney, and still control way too much world wide wealth. Romoney is envious and is peeved that he is only a multi billionaire.

"The issue of the detainees has brought some Saudi Islamists and liberals to make common cause..."A small number of Libyan liberals (and inexplicably a huge number of American liberals) also made common cause with Islamists. We know all too well who came out on top.I am liberal...VERY liberal -  far too liberal to do anything that would advance the cause of these reactionary freaks. So-called liberals who support the Arab Winter just because Obama and Hillary did so are an embarrassment, not only to America but to progressives everywhere!

Save the world, shoot an arab!

Islam the most shameful of all cults.

They make it so difficult and so costly for outside pilgrims to go for Umrah. Odd and strange as it may sound, travel agencies are put in charge of obtaining visa for Umrah. One has to pay about $200 just for the “ visa stamp.”The pilgrims have no rights to make their own arrangements for their accommodations. One cannot get visa unless he pays in advance to the travel agents for the hotels over there. Some travel agents are very abusive and over charge the pilgrims. You are charged for the first class hotel, you get one that you cannot even rank it as a third class.Love it or leave it. That is the Tyranny of the Tyrant Saudi Arabia

READ THE ARTICLE PEOPLE..........SAUDI CLERICA issues bla bla bla..........A CLERIC IS A RELIGIOUS LEADER..........In this case a Muslim Religious leader and He has no right to tell the government what to do.If we had a Muslim cleric demanding social justice in the United States, the Tea Party would issue a fatwa against him.

about time

Saudi Arabia, Iran and other oil selling nations of the mid-east have been turned into nothing more than giant oil-selling corporations.....devoid of democratic principles/civil rights/human rights/religious freedoms. Their religious-political leaders are/have become...nothing more than oil company CEO's dictating policy to the captive oil company employee/citizens below them. This corporate-styled rule is nothing more than fascism dressed up as religious-political purity to keep the masses in line. Demonization of the West, and isolation from the West, assures these fanatical leaders keep a firm leash on their captive citizen-employees as they hoard oil profits and shove fanatical religion down their throats. Women in many parts of Iran and the greater middle-east are treated like cattle/property.

Islam like communism just takes out those that have any control in making an economy work and puts in people that have no clue. Then these people become the very same or worse oppressors than the ones they removed because they are ignorant and usually uneducated. They remove anyone that has the right knowledge and ability. The religious elite like the Khomeni wants to head the world and keep the entire world ignorant of his false intentions and the obvious fact that islam has not raised the standards of living, peace, education, social reform or well being of anyone but the mullahs, ayatolas or supportive armies. It is a fake religion that resembles communist reform and control. It is a one party system that will tolerate no opposition from other religions, countries or people without war, death or severe punishments. Communism like religions always try to claim equality to all but the only equality I see is everyone lower than the decision making body is equally poor, while those at or above are imensely rich.

Saudi King Abdallah is a viagra popping, hormone shooting, child raping sand monkey who finances most of  the terror in the world today. I wonder what he will do if jews ever invent an alternative to oil?

We can only hope that the cleric will be ignored as usual. Who would dare to cross the royalty-in-charge??

"Rare" and "violence" are NOT sympatico when it comes to ISLAM...OFTEN, ANIMALS and BASIS are more like it.

well the price of gas is going to go up a $1.00 a gallon now!!!!

The Saudi ought to just whack this lippy clown trying to foment violence. Clip the goon and other clerics will get the message.

1st give your Mother, ya know the female,respect,  Your father raped her to bing you into the world.U.S. foreign policy  should move away from the chummy relationship it has enjoyed with Saudi Arabia ever since Aramco developed the oilfields.A repressive, 7th. Century Kingdom, ruled by a royal family and an Islamist Theocracy is the exact opposite of what the U.S.A. supposedly promotes worldwide!Ditch this anachronistic foreign government, or pay for it when the inevitable revolution occurs in Saudi Arabia!

Democracy to a muslim is about as important as #$%$ is to a cow. So a muslim "...agitating for political change..." is another way of saying a muslim trying to overthrow the government.

Try wearing and walking with a gold chain or the one with a cross on any street of Saudi Arabia and it will be yanked by a Saudi citizen. Keep buying their oil and make them rich.

The typical Saudi dies not want to work for a living.  I have been there and worked and I have never seen more people who don't want to work.  there is plenty of work to do, they just think they are above menial labor work when so many foriegners, Bangladeshis, Pakistanis, and Indians are willing to work for the same wages or less.  Once thier attitudes changes, which I don't believe it will, they will become a better people.

Those who rule by the sword, will die by the sword.

They make it so difficult and so costly for outside pilgrims to go for Umrah. Odd and strange as it may sound, travel agencies are put in charge of obtaining visa for Umrah. One has to pay about $200 to the travel agent just they get you “ visa stamp.” Why?The pilgrims have no rights to make their own arrangements for their accommodations. One cannot get visa unless he pays in advance to the travel agents for the hotels over there. Some travel agents are very abusive and over charge the pilgrims. You are charged for the first class hotel, you get one that you cannot even rank it as a third class.Love it or leave it. That is the Tyranny of the Tyrant Saudi Arabia

The discriminate against laborers recruited from foreign countries in Saudi Arabia is so bad. They promise them such and such salary but the workers do not even get 1 / 3 of that amount.They have no respect and value for human dignity and human rights. Thousands of pilgrims die each year at Jamarat, during the Haj season. This is continuously the case for the last half of the century.The rest areas between Macca and Madinah are so filthy that one cannot imagine. It is chaotic. I could write a book about it.

I predict it is only a matter of time before all the middle east is taken over by extremists.  Things do not look good for Israel.........

peaceLAW of KEEPING CIVIL PEACE is Attached to GIFTY MONEY TREE of Quantum Wise DOME

peaceHandsum Hand not HANDSUM FACE VALUEpeacePROVERBUAL TRUTH is Hard for Sum to know HANDSUM Hand

peaceOlive Quantum COMMON TIMBER says Shiver ME TIMBERS as SKUTTLE ME NOTTY,,,Winner Winner PHOTO proto GloBal children Drummmers

peaceLAWS of COMMON SENSE attached to Three COMMON TREE WEALTHS

Sodom and Gomorra were destroyed by turning the entire town upside down by the command of Allah and then raining upon them baked kind of ceramics. This is because the entire town was committing this disgusting act of sodomy.  As a lesson for the future generation, the remains of these two sinning towns stay. It is called “Dead See.” The only living creatures in there are the smelling bacteria.According to Islamic history, the parties committing this evil act, if they are cut, are taken to the roof of a high building and then they are dropped down by head to emulate the way the people of Sodom and Gomorra were killed. This Killing is to be done in public to become a lesson to others.

peaceFOOL fabricated a LAW of WAR BOOK

peace1.Thou SHALT NOT attack ANY GOVERNMENT INSITUTIONS

peaceTwo HANDS of HONEST VALUE TRUMPS 1 Hand of Dishonesty or TWO Hands of Dishonesty

Not long ago one of the prince of Saudi family was charged and arrested by British authorities for murder. He apparently has beaten to death one of his male lover in his hotel room in London England. The victim was originally from an African country.The Saudi government was trying very hard to get him out of jail by claiming political immunity. Do you think they want to take that Prince (the Gay and the Murderer) back to Saudi Arabia to drop him down from the roof of a tall building? The gay prince is possible candidate on line for becoming King. Does anyone in Saudi Arabia know about this news? Did Al Arabia or Al Jazirah news forecasting ever mentioned anything about this news?

peaceKILLS HUMAN and then eludes FULL  ACCOUNTABILITY by ABDUCTION

peace1 MILLION people have been executed by Pentagon House and NATO FULL DIS GRACEpeaceAll Citizens of America drawn from Constitution aspectation Pentagon House rejects Consitution is NO LONGER a CITIZENSHIP of AMERICAN STANDARDS

peacePentagon House cut themselves out of CONSTITUTIONAL HUMAN TIMBER RIGHTS

I use the Koran pages instead of toilet paper.

wahhabi is satan incarnate

This degenerate Saudi mafia family must be overthrown and brought to justice like Mubarak, Ben Ali, Gaddafi, and soon Bashar.  The Wahabi ulema who serve such despotism and corruption are munafiqeen. There are no such things as "royal families" in Islam!

Watching the friction between religious factions, now that we have overwhelming reproducible proof that there is no God, reminds me of the story of Gulliver's Travels.  Two islands at war over whether you should crack open a soft boiled egg from the large or small end.

and the USA created the extremist  Islamic (Saudi system) that belongs in the DARK AGES, in 1913

Salman al-Awdah is a brotherhoodist, it was expected of him to request a "reform" later he will say he wants democracy, I wish our king would hanged all these brotherhood clerics who recently infested the country.

Best thing is that whole land gets wiped off the face of the EARTH?  2 TYPHOON CLASS submarines retargeted all the SSN-18s nukes would do nicely..then SH## load of jobs for our energy independence for the big pipeline from Canada to Houston...USA rebounds ,deficit over literally in one night or day and more jobs than ever dreamed of.

Arab world for better or worse needs democracy!They make it so difficult and so costly for outside pilgrims to go for Umrah. Odd and strange as it may sound, travel agencies are put in charge of obtaining visa for Umrah. One has to pay about $200 just for the “ visa stamp.”  The pilgrims have no rights to make their own arrangements for their accommodations. One cannot get visa unless he pays in advance to the travel agents for the hotels over there. Some travel agents are very abusive and over charge the pilgrims. You are charged for the first class hotel, you get one that you cannot even rank it as a third class.Love it or leave it. That is the Tyranny of the Tyrant Saudi Arabia

Most of the present chaos in the Middle-east is caused from the blow-back of cold war/east-west politics and oil politics. Multi-national oil companies have had free reign in the Mid-east for many years now.....to dictate government policies and prop-up strongmen/dictators with oil deals/oil money. These multinational oil companies have been unrestrained by national democratic governments, because dictatorship has been the rule/norm in most Mid-east nations for 30-40 years. Many of these Mid-east nations with large deposits of oil have been turned into nothing less than GIANT OIL SELLING CORPORATIONS devoid of civil rights/religious freedoms/free press or any semblance of democracy. This norm of dictatorship/corporate rule/oil-dictatorship has fueled the rise of Islamic fundementalism in these nations. The West has been complicit in much of the oil politics which has corrupted the indigenous political and economic power structures of the Middle-east. Israel just happens to be in the center of this storm...a storm fueled by oil/oil politics and international positioning.....all designed to get/have access to Mid-east oil.

I refuse to acknowledge this country. Deriving as it does its legitimacy from the teachings and precepts of a false prophet and a false god... and deriving as it does its authority from a country and culture that is politically corrupt, socially regressive, morally bankrupt and genetically degenerate.

They make it so difficult and so costly for outside pilgrims to go for Umrah. Odd and strange as it may sound, travel agencies are put in charge of obtaining visa for Umrah. One has to pay $200 or so to the travel agent just to get the “ visa stamp.”Why? Is this not bribery? Is it not the pilgrim ‘s right to make his own arrangements for flight and accommodation rather than be forced to accept the travel agencies selection. As a matter of fact a pilgrim can save thousands of dollars for doing it himself.One cannot get visa unless he pays in advance to the travel agents for the hotels over there. Some travel agents are very abusive and over charge the pilgrims. You might be charged for the first class hotel, and instead may get one that cannot even be ranked as a third class.The entire universe has come to the existence for only one purpose, to worship their creator, Allah. The curse (lanat) of Allah falls upon those that put obstacles and make it difficult for the worshipers to worship their Lord Allah (Azza-wa-jall)Love it or leave it. That is the Tyranny of the Tyrant Saudi Arabia.

Lets plaaaaaaaaay Dialing for Despots!!!....Achmed...whose our first guest.......?

Thank God i am not from that part of the Worlda lot of western countries Complain and they don't know what's it to be from these other places !!

if this true! He will be vanished next day

Now if he could explain it to the elitist Republican party.  People only worry about prevention . . .when it's too late.  Seen daily in hundreds of hospitals

There is close to no poverty in Saudi Arabia, every Saudi gets about 3500-4500 riyals monthly (900-1200 U.S. dollars) from the government, along with free medical insurance and free school as well. The income is more than my father earns! Also the old get a pension from the government as well.The Saudis want people to work, but why will someone want to work when he is getting more money from the government for sitting at home like a couch potato than by working in an average job.Anyone who says that Saudis are poor needs to spend some time in Saudi Arabia.

its about time !!!Oh what a tangled web we weave....

OH Well! Another Dictatorship and long term friend of the USA will be dropped like a hot-potato... just like Obama has done to all the others.

they are too many mooslims in saudia Arabia, would be nice to have a civil war to cleanz the earth of some filth

Only during Haj and Ramadan Macca is crowded. Other times it is very quiet. Any other countries in the world put ad and beg for tourism. This is because they can make so much money from tourism. SA does exactly opposite. Why? I understand about Haj. I do not understand about other times.I tried to go for Umrah from US last summer. I was planning to stay there for a few weeks. None of my several emails to SA in W DC were ever responded. None of my so many phone calls were ever returned. None of my several hard copies postal mails to them were ever responded.Only three places on earth a Muslim is permitted to make intention to go for pilgrimage. Macca, Madinah and Jerusalem. Jerusalem is taken by the Zionist Zalimin. We Muslims cannot go there. SA is doing the same as the Zalimins of Israel do. Do you see that much difference?Insha-Allah, we Mulsims take Jerusalem back soon so that people like you and I can go there to worship Allah for the sake of extra rewards. AminReply

The thesis of this post is about travelling to that country for Umrah and about the extra unnecessary cost and burden imposed unjustly to the pilgrims by the travel agents. Why should accommodation arrangements and airline selections be imposed on the pilgrim by the travel agents?Have you read about the comments of the pilgrims about this subject in the net? Some of the pilgrims experience with the travel agents is a nightmare. Read their complaints and judge for yourself. Do the authorities in charge in SA ever care? Do they read about the abuse and hardship that the travel agencies cause to most pilgrims?Why should not the embassy of SA in US take the charge rather than letting the greedy travel agencies to do their job? In any other country in the world, if you want to apply for visa, do you go to travel agencies? Why should SA behave odd and different the rest of the civilized world?Only during Haj and Ramadan Macca is crowded. Other times it is very quiet. Any other countries in the world put ad and beg for tourism. This is because they can make so much money from tourism. SA does exactly opposite. Why? I understand about Haj. I do not understand about other times.I tried to go for Umrah from US last summer. I was planning to stay there for a few weeks. None of my several emails to SA in W DC were ever responded. None of my so many phone calls were ever returned. None of my several hard copies postal mails to them were ever responded.Only three places on earth a Muslim is permitted to make intention to go for pilgrimage. Macca, Madinah and Jerusalem. Jerusalem is taken by the Zionist Zalimin. We Muslims cannot go there. SA is doing the same as the Zalimins of Israel do. Do you see that much difference?Insha-Allah, we Mulsims take Jerusalem back soon so that people like you and I can go there to worship Allah for the sake of extra rewards. Amin

Just like Syria, Saudi Arabia should start a revolution to bring real Democracy to their country.  Oh sorry, this dictatorship is supported the USA..... my bad.

Only during Haj and Ramadan Macca is crowded. Other times it is very quiet. Any other countries in the world put ad and beg for tourism. This is because they can make so much money from tourism. SA does exactly opposite. Why? I understand about Haj. I do not understand about other times.I tried to go for Umrah from US last summer. I was planning to stay there for a couple weeks. None of my several emails to SA in W DC were ever responded. None of my so many phone calls were ever returned. None of my several hard copies postal mails to them were ever responded.Only three places on earth a Muslim is permitted to make intention to go for pilgrimage. Macca, Madinah and Jerusalem. Jerusalem is taken by the Zionist Zalimin. We Muslims cannot go there. SA is doing the same as the Zalimins of Israel do. Do you see that much difference?Insha-Allah, we Mulsims take Jerusalem back soon so that people like you and I can go there to worship Allah for the sake of extra rewards. Amin

Sodom and Gomorra were destroyed by turning the entire town upside down by the command of Allah and then raining upon them baked kind of ceramics. This is because the entire town was committing this disgusting act of sodomy. As a lesson for the future generation, the remains of these two sinning towns stay. It is called “Dead See.” The only living creatures in there are the smelling bacteria.According to Islamic history, the parties committing this evil act, if they are caught, are taken to the roof of a high building and then they are dropped down by head to emulate the way the people of Sodom and Gomorra were killed. This Killing is to be done in public to become a lesson to others.Not long ago one of the princes of Saudi family was charged and arrested by British authorities for murder. He apparently has beaten to death one of his male lover in his hotel room in London England. The victim was originally from an African country.The Saudi government was trying very hard to get him out of jail by claiming political immunity. Do you think they want to take that Prince (the Gay and the Murderer) back to Saudi Arabia to drop him down from the roof of a tall building? The gay prince is possible candidate on line for becoming King. Does anyone in Saudi Arabia know about this news? Did Al Arabia or Al Jazirah news forecasting ever mentioned anything about this news?They have no respect and value for human dignity and human rights. Thousands of pilgrims die each year at Jamarat, during the Haj season. This is continuously the case for the last half of the century.The rest areas between Macca and Madinah are so filthy that one cannot imagine. It is so chaotic. Books can be wrtten about it.

the arab spring sprouted nothing but weeds all over the middle east.Not that anything much better grew before.

peaceMULITUDES of Governments disassembled by Pentagon and NATO shall answer KINGDOME of GODpeaceNATO and Pentagon are LAWLESS criminals FREE ROAMING food chain

They have no respect and value for human dignity and human rights. Thousands of pilgrims die each year at Jamarat, during the Haj season. This is continuously the case for the last half of the century.The rest areas between Macca and Madinah are so filthy that one cannot imagine. It is chaotic. I could write a book about it.

But they mean well, just like obama.  So lets give them a chance because we know that throughout history it been shown that peace follows muslims.

let's see if the US will aid the terrorists (rebels) this time like in others countries

peaceAt Dusk of NIGHT FALL Al Quds recite enshallah and Move AWAY from Dome Duty,,,Money reproduction as G3 refuse to step up to Quantum Wisedome level of Knowledge MANKIND was NEVER EVER ot be in Poverty ship makers

peaceApple is NON choosen Dish as is Fig is non choosen Dish,,,Olive choosen Puzzle picture designer Vaseican Mega Paradise  vsVatican  Meger and poverty picture makers Non Paradise structure

peacePlain OLIVE Jewish proverbual TRUTH BITTER relish Dish Art Work fetcher

peaceReflection mirror imagine,,,Pure Jewish Stone WALL hath no mirror imagine

Saudi Arabia has a king to govern his country  so  he do it with the aid of his advisers

No CommentAny move in Saudi for sure make israel real nervous because they are the real loser

Islam is like the American government, the people in charge only take care of themselves, to heck with the people. Then when that goes bad, let in millions of illegal aliens to get their votes so they can stay in power.

Had saudi Arabia not been an American Ally...The middle east up rising would have jumped to this country long ago.Those who ask for reforms and basic human rights are declared Islamic militants by saudis and trown behind the bars ...sometimes labeled as terrorists and killed.

It's like a spring that's been mashed down so long that when it's released it goes bouncing everywhere.

We the Jews -Zionists I mean-  together with our faithful pals USA should do our best tokeep the political situation unchanged in the Arab world. Look at Egypt. The situation there,is a good lesson. Democracy in moslem Arab countries will be a catastrophe for Israeland the West. The present kings and strongmen of Arab countries are in fact friends ofIsrael, friends of US.Look at Saudi-Arabia, look at Bahrein, look at Emirates. These countries' rulers are socorrupt that they can't survive without US and Israeli protection. The good thing forUS-Israel is that these Sunni countries are viral enemies of the Iranians and real S-h-i-i-t-ekillers, which means the enemies of our enemies are our friends. It's vital to remember thatIf one day these inferior-race, camel-driver Arabs really open their eyes and get rid of theircorrupt rulers, Israel would be encircled totally by its worst enemies.That would be the beginning of the end for Israel.

As foreigner living in this country so long, I believe Saudi Government is doing more than enough to their people. While United States President is struggling to have healthcare insurance for all Americans, Saudis have a free access to Government Hospitals, free education and unlimited number of benefits that can be obtained without any difficulties. The problem is that every young Saudi wants to become a manager, senior staff or obtain a huge cash of money within short time without attempting even to get a suitable jobs for his/her qualification.I believe also that it is illogic for 20 Million Saudis to have a free housing, open bank credits and fairy life standard of living even if the Government is the richest country in the world. Nationality means to serve your country not get cash only. Many young Saudis are now joining not only the public sector jobs, but also to the private sector. I think it will be within short time, most of the jobs occupied will be seated by Saudis.I believe that.

Saudi Royal Family = Mafia

They make it so difficult and so costly for outside pilgrims to go for Umrah. Odd and strange as it may sound, travel agencies are put in charge of obtaining visa for Umrah. One has to pay $200 or so to the travel agent just to get the “ visa stamp.”Why? Is this not bribery? Is it not the pilgrim ‘s right to make his own arrangements for flight and accommodation rather than be forced to accept the travel agencies selection. As a matter of fact a pilgrim can save thousands of dollars for doing it himself.One cannot get visa unless he pays in advance to the travel agents for the hotels over there. Some travel agents are very abusive and over charge the pilgrims. You might be charged for the first class hotel, and instead may get one that cannot even be ranked as a third class.The entire universe has come to the existence for only one purpose, to worship their creator, Allah. The curse (lanat) of Allah falls upon those that put obstacles and make it difficult for the worshipers to worship their Lord Allah (Azza-wa-jall)Love it or leave it. That is the Tyranny of the Tyrant Saudi Arabia

Wahhabis are Hypocrites especially Saudi Wahhabi Shah Abdullah.

Just a matter of time. All that oil money at stake, it will happen!!This country which has been an ally has gotten away with murder. It is only because of the oil. I also feel that Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Dubai and Brunei et al. make trillions and spend no money to help the other Arab nations such as Egypt and Syria. It is always the USA that is expected to step in. Perhaps in the ensuing months of unrest, we should send them the bill if we should become involved...

Consider this: there has not been a terrorist act of any validity (seriousness) against Americans or USA since the Muslims started fighting each other in the Middle East. Sometimes you have to get rid of a nuisance by turning that nuisance against itself.

i hate the saudis. at the track they are going  once oil runs out they are done. al the money they have they should develop companies that make real products and manufacture them in saudi arabia and make the real jobs. instead of importing literally from cars to ice cream from europe. cuz they not capaable of making it

Curious how gas stations will react to this news.

Not long ago one of the princes of Saudi family was charged and arrested by British authorities for murder. He apparently has beaten to death one of his male lover in his hotel room in London England. The victim was originally from an African country.The Saudi government was trying very hard to get him out of jail by claiming political immunity. Do you think they want to take that Prince (the Gay and the Murderer) back to Saudi Arabia to drop him down from the roof of a tall building?The gay prince is possible candidate on line for becoming King. Does anyone in Saudi Arabia know about this news? Did Al Arabia or Al Jazirah news forecasting ever mentioned anything about this news?

Finally the voice of sanity from the desert!!!  But, most likely will not change anything.  This country is entrenched in the dark ages; will take a very long time for them to come into the light!!

It is the strict adherence to Islam that the cleric demands that put them in prison to begin with!!!!Put the frickin CLERIC in PRISON!

Saudi Arabia has tons of money.  They have the same problems most countries have but have been able to hide or downplay it with force and expanding the the corruption.  Beyond oil and the by products produced, what economy do they really have?  Wiki said: As of 2007, non-oil manufacturing contributed 10% to Saudi Arabian GDP and less than 6% of total employment.[23  Sounds like serious diversification is needed while they still have some money.

Spread the wealth or trouble is more likely.

Maybe an extremist takeover would not be such a bad thing.  It would force the world to develop alternative energy."The conservative Islamic kingdom" Translation - A country that devoutly follows the teachings and texts of the koran.

No matter what happens they'll blame the west or the U.S. for the problems before they rebelled and afte. Its a perverted culture only group accountability instead of individual and living centuries in the past, blame evryone else espeicially the victims. But don't forget we should submit to them because, afterall, they are better than us.

A socity of pull starts (head turbins) then there is the socity of push starts (see button on forhead). Its like they must love outboard engines or something...Hail to thee mighty god of Yamaha, or OMC or Mercury, or what ever they worship.

Its absolutely ridiculous to blame U.S. foreign policy for the internal affairs of Saudi Arabia!

Another khawarjite mind trick to inflame the masses. Submit to your king and enter paradise. Do as you are told by your rulers and save your soul.

burn them alive on national tv cnn and let elementary schools watch

WOW, one of the subspecies creatures populating the wasted part of earth called saudi arabia unexpectedly acquired 1 gram of intelligence. One thousand years from now its genes may produce a caveman. How long are we going to bow to these dsigusting creatures for their oil? How long are we going to allow oil companies to run OUR REPUBLIC. Let's really stop using their oil. Let them eat it. We don't have to use it. WE DON'T.

peaceMagic men are not Majestic Women attached to THRONE of All MIGHTY GOD not to be CONFUSED with the THROWN of MEN Folkes of VOO DOO DOO warSHIPPERS

I'm a little concerned that all the armament that we have been selling them all these years could someday fire back at us as has happened in so many middle eastern countries such as Iraq, Afghanistan and others.  It's also concerning about supplying arms to the rebels in Syria.  I hope they know what they're doing. I have to hope and assume that the government has better intelligence than the press.

Here come the father of all 'Spring' may be that would be the beginning of peace in the moslem worldsaudi playboy is going to compete with israel's .

An uprising should take place between the sunni's and the shiites and the peaceful religion of Islam,,,(not) should be replaced by a democratic government

Why don't we start targeting the real trouble makers and killers in the Middle east, and that would be Muslims.

The world system is depraved and will eventually be destroyed.Thank you Jesus Christ-The Only Son of God-who died on the Cross for all.Believe in His name and you will be saved.

The arab spring will eventually come to Saudi Arabia. USA will lose one of its faithful lapdogs.

Boo-Hoo----soon nobody will need you or not near as much and your mis-spent youth will bring you back o the day's  of camel dung and tents.

I think we should give all muslim countries their "aid" in the form of nuclear arsenals... that just happen to have a built in timer that detonates 6 months later. Once the world is free of Muslims peace will reign..

more proof that muslims are sickos

I hope all Islamic countries turn on themselves and self implode. Religion of hate, intolerance and corruption.

Its only a matter of time before Saudi Arabia blows up into Syria type civil war Obama &amp; Hillary have failed big time in the middle east !The jews rule