Thankfully no one got killed,he saved a lot of time and money by delivering his own justice.

Another spoiled kid who finally realized he wasn't all his parents made him out to be, and wanted to show the world..... Next...

22 caliber assault rifle? There is not such thing. Because it may look like one it does not make it one. 22 caliber is a very small round used for shooting small animals like rats or is used in target shooting such as Olympic or High School matches. The Boy Scouts can earn a badge with a 22 caliber rifle. Assault weapons take a bayonet and are select fire, single shot or burst fire or FULL auto. Don't know of any company that manufactures such a gun in 22 caliber.

so called assault rifle is a .22 look-alike!!!!!!!!! NOT an ar15!   NEWS MEDIA LIES!!!!!!!!

Gee, this just isn't a very believable "Disaster Narrowly Averted" story. Let's face it, what self respecting mass murderer lets his room mate run into the bathroom and call the cops?

Justice was swift and deliberate.  We need more of this kind to save tax payer's $$.

AP knocked on his family's door and got no response. Leave his family alone. They made a statement and requested privacy in their difficult time. No one was hurt but him. Please,honor their request.

BK is a real live HERO! Kudos to Him!

For once, a crazy non-white guy that didn't make the news for a mass murder. You have to admit, when it comes to getting the highest body count, the Caucasians have that category monopolized.

A 22 kkw as assault weapon? Say what it is or ask someone who is not ignorant so you can report factually and accurately. What gets me more is how did he have all this stuff on school grounds when its one of those no guns allowed zones. Students cannot have guns or ammo on property so how does this go on for some time and no one says anything. Again the same type of behaviour and a room mate but no one ever decides to say anything to the school.He looks deranged!

When a gun nut goes off, you just don't know what is going to happen.   Luckily for the campus, the roommate BK had the sense of mind to make that 911 call, saving many lives.  It ended as best it could, with the gun nut surrendering....to his gun.

Stupid posts,  I can't believe they have a flat learning curve.

So the big lie continues in print;  Did anyone think that maybe a Murder had taken place and that alleged friend could have done it and then made the call.  There were not explosives and the Backpack was not in the victim's room,  It was noticed and the suspicious person called for help.  The police had the bomb squad examine the back pack with a portable Xray and found it to be harmless.  Now the story has changed because the so called reporters goofed up the first three stories.  The body was not found until after the backpack was examined.Murder would be the answer if another person was involved, maybe the culprit is still alive andwell.These posters are true believes in every lie they read about this eventa and the gun grabbers are enjoying the posts.  You people have been posting right down their alley,  Now Obomahas signed the beginning of the end, for all you gun owners.  Disquised as a reasonable law.which is another bunch ot bull. Once the have the law put into practive, the will continueto amend it to make it more inclusive.  If you don't believe it,  Just wait and see and continueto berlieve the lies.  Your government has orders to get those guns  Orders fromthe one worlders.  The only guns they want in the world is their own. And traitor in thewhitehouse said, the american people have nothing to worry about.  Just wait and see.

I Seriously Doubt there was an assault rifle here any more than any of the other situationsAssault STYLE People Assault STYLE RifleLike calling a Shetland Pony a Clydesdale because they Both Have a Mane

Did anybody check the return address for the mail, or was that too complicated?Whoever mailed those guns/ammo should be prosecuted!!!Perhaps if we make more of these people responsible, they may not just try to get a buck off of some deranged person.

His name sounds Thai, but probably a Muslim.  Sure looks like it.  And they worry about us typecasting.

Do Teahadists have any tattoos or other markings that might make them easier toidentify?  Counting on stumbling across a cache of explosive and weapons is pretty iffy.

glad the ugly #$%$ killed himself good  good   good  good

Please no more middle eastern muslims and #$%$ at my universities.  Please.Seevakumaran...should have been detained or shot for his name a long time ago.

What a classy act.I hope more people like him will follow his fine example.I would prefer they seek help but if that's not an option then please follow this guys lead and you will be well thought of.

Well that was well planned.

Was Seevakumaran a Muslim immigrant?

almost ANOTHER mass killing with an assault rifle...thanks NRA

I agree, i wish all gun owners would do us a favor and kill themselves.

almost

what is this ugly stupid kid is he a muslim or a indian  whatever the case glad he is #$%$ dead!!