Just think it only took Chavez 14 years to create the utopia. Being a country with one of the largest oil known oil reserves. Crude has been hovering around the $90 mark and higher for several years. Where did it all go?

Like you say Dee, that's what is being reported.

"Planning Minister Jorge Giordani said Tuesday the initiative aims to provide such sectors the dollars they need to import goods. Products such as flour, coffee and butter have disappeared from store shelves in recent months."When government "helps you" you are screwed.

Looks like the Dollar is now up for bid am I reading something in this??????

They sold oil futures which they haven't pump out of the ground and didn't use that money to develop other industry so now they just have inflation so Hugo could buy planes,tanks, and give other nations gifts

Well somebody has got to pay for a Worker's Paradise...........

Take a look all you commie socialists. The system is awesome. Starvation and deprivation sum up socialism and communism. Just a very few rich folks living in the lap of luxury.

Chavez is a hero to the left since he made all people equally poor, except him.

I have $1000 in 20s what you pay?

Look out America. Venezuela is your future if you let the demoncrats run the show.

Good ole hugo set the venezualans up for a humanitarian disaster on a huge scale, all the while amassing a personal estate of 2 billion dollars. Don't you just love socialism?Chavez sure screwed his country up/.

DUMB idea!!! The US dollar is backed by:_________ !    NOTHING!!!!!

Here we see the results of Hugo Chavez and his ideas for a better way

the wreckage of the chavez regime is making life miserable for the very people who most supported him.

But, but, but...VerminZuela is a Peoples' Utopia!!! Their own currency should reflect the abounding prosperity their people enjoy...and it sure does.

These guys are complete joke..but they hate the US! Go figure!

All the US has to do is dump a billion counterfeit bills into this country like N Korea did to us an its all over.

Another example of how Communist/Socialist Gov't rule,,,does NOT work. Pay close attention,America.

According to liberals like Sean Penn, Boxer, Reid, Obama, Venezuela is heaven on earth. Trillions of dollars were gotten from selling oil. All sorts of social projects were started. Hugo 'Porky' Chavez was God on Earth. And now?"Products such as flour, coffee and butter have disappeared from store shelves in recent months."Hugo even had to go to Cuba to see a pig doctor for his problems. Liberals! Explain all this!

We'll give tax payers money to (subsidise) our farmers so they can sell to Venezuela at a lower price.They might get 50-60 cents apiece.

So ah how is that wonderful workers paradise working out for you?

Why do they use the currency of the enemy?Where has the oil money gone by the way?

A great country ruined by an idiot!

China will be first in line.

Take a good look Obama parasites, this is the ultimate goal Obama has for the dollar

The same happens in different countries where Socialism were imposed. This is a little sample of the destruction, stupidity  and corruption of the Venezuela government.The only hope they have to freedom and democracy is Capriles... Is now or never.

there is a socialist utopia for you.

The goes their inflation.

Stupid socialist country. This is what Obama would like in the US. Buy a US dollar for more than a dollar. Uh what?Another Communism system that can not provide.  Funny the US $ is being used to fix the problem.  Kind of ironic!

Leftists like to Give everyone gifts with money they don't have.

You might want to check with China on this.

But Chavez was soooo wonderful. This can't be happening. Oh, boy is it.

Why not exchange the US$ into Iranian Rial? Or Cuban Pesos? Or what ever North Korean currency is called nowadays (used to be Won). These are all socialist states which should welcome Venezuela readily.

this country makes me sick. way to go chavez. socialism is never the answer.

Funny how they want those dollars and not yen, or cuban pesos, et al

Another fine mess you've gotten us into Stan.

Why not do a fly over drop a few million over small towns watch the fun unfold. or jus go in and start handing out cash to the poor.

Soon as Keystone XL is built Venezula will have to find a new buyer for their sour crude oil.Socialism kills off an economy even where they have tons of oil

people realized people kill people. how about getting all the whack  jobs off the street. and take the dumbocratic party with you

Sweet neck beard bro!

Venezuela seems to be falling into the economic insanity that swallowed Argentina and Uruguay many decades ago during the Peron era.  It reduced Argentina from a country on the verge of becoming one of the premier countries of the world to a second class republic that still has not completely recovered--and may never.  Cuba, of course, the current darling, is both an economic disaster and a joke.  All the signs are that the USA, enormously richer than any of those mentioned, is starting its own downward spiral.  No country learns anything from the history of others, and very little from its own.

Coming soon to Obama's "Socialist states of America". All 57 of them.

Just another example that proves governmental interference in the economy and socialism ALWAYS hurt the people.

No wonder Chavez' party is poised to win again, with things going so well.

Hey "user"...why do you have to use my picture..The one you stole off my facebook page before I had to shut it down to keep you from posting my family's personal details? Am I that much better looking than you? You jews aren't as clever as you think...

The Communist at work making all people of Venezeula  Poooooor.  Do you get the general idea this brand of Government is at work in the USA also with the Emperor and his three stooges.

The Bolivarian socialist system is so broken it needs an auction.This is even better irony than seeing another embalmed revolutionary socialist hero deified into a tacky tourist attraction.Chavez must be rolling in his grave.

This is what it comes to when you set an artificially high currency rate.

aahhhahahhahhahhahhaahh!  That's beautiful.

When there is that kind of disparity, 300%, between street dollars and legal dollars there are opportunities for exporting tax free (i.e., in a speedboat for example) locally produced luxury goods like tobacco and alcohol. A lot of millionaires started that way.

How can you auction a dollar...Isn't it always worth 100 pennies (lol).

Socialism worked well for the Chavez familiy.  They made 2 billion in a very short time.The castro bunch are also very rich .It just didn't work to well for the workers.

Ahhhh, the wonderfully delicious fruits of Socialism proves once again how happy the people in Venezuela must be!  These guys remind me of our own lib turd Democrats and their Kenyan king OBummer!

So, Obama thinks that's how America should be???

Wow, Hugo's barely in the ground and the cracks in his hodgepodge, what-do-I-feel-like-stealing-today economy are already showing.

- "Products such as flour, coffee and butter have disappeared from store shelves in recent months." Says Associated Press.Now, friends - do you believe it? Do you believe they haven't got coffee in Venezuela?Who owns Associated Press? - The Rotschild Liars.i think venezuela should should auction their own money and leave ours the hell alone

So the federal reserve is printing fiat money and this corrupt administration is sending it to the Venezuelan government to "auction" it off to the highest bidders? Venezuela is rich with natural resources but it's citizens are dirt poor except the few rich elitists. They grow coffee beans there yet there is a shortage. They have tons of oil but no currency. This is the socialist, communist utopia all you liberals want America to become?

What do you mean shortages.......these are Chavez' followers, there cannot be shortages????already????? Thats what you get with a socialist dictator...enjoy people of Venezuela

good now the liberals nut jobs can tax you too

Socialism works.............................Ask any Venezuelan.

Just another way to steal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Chavez still the puppet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

he destroyed the country and they love him. sounds like the us

What! happend to the socialist  live here is grand! pay attention America Obummer plans the same for you!

You mean someone still wants US Dollars??

Matilda  Matilda....... she take me money and go Venezuelawhat a joke

So... I can actually go sell my MONEY over there for 3 times the currency value?

Hugo would be proud................

The U.S.A. is going to break your sorry little country for what Chavez said and did.Whether or not you lube up your bungers is not going to matter, you backed him, now deal with the aftermath, and I told ya so, it only took a few years to crumble under his failed rule, just like "Baracktard Obumbler" is doing to us, only difference is we have a few more years before we collapse economically and then finally clean house again.

Venezuela seems to be falling into the economic insanity that swallowed Argentina and Uruguay many decades ago during the Peron era. It reduced Argentina from a country on the verge of becoming one of the premier countries of the world to a second class republic that still has not completely recovered--and may never. Cuba, of course, the current darling, is both an economic disaster and a joke. All the signs are that the USA, enormously richer than any of those mentioned, is starting its own downward spiral. No country learns anything from the history of others, and very little from its own.

These guys are complete joke..but they hate the US! Go figure!

Venezuela's people deserve it they vote for they got it they really enjoy to drink oil

That is Capitalism.

So let me get this straight: The cost of gasoline in Venezuela is 5 cents a gallon, and milk is about $7 a gallon. And that is if you can find milk to buy since nobody can afford to produce it due to fixed pricing.Auctioning off the dollar, WHAT??? I believe that an exchange is more appropriate, unhinge your exchange rate and let the market correct itself..Or, go ahead and vote for Maduro so that Venezuela continues down a path of economic insensibility.

I wonder what Minimum wage in Venezuela is?  $30.00 an hour?Oh by the way, we have more oil then all of OPEC, who Venz is member of.  The reason why the sky high gas prices and the massive unemployment is because liberal leadership are elitist and out of touch with the american worker

Venezuela seems to be falling into the economic insanity that swallowed Argentina and Uruguay many decades ago during the Peron era. It reduced Argentina from a country on the verge of becoming one of the premier countries of the world to a second class republic that still has not completely recovered--and may never. Cuba, of course, the current darling, is both an economic disaster and a joke. All the signs are that the USA, enormously richer than any of those mentioned, is starting its own downward spiral. No country learns anything from the history of others, and very little from its own.

It will be interesting to see what they go for since on the black market the going rate is 4 times what the official rate is and that is with threat of incarceration.  I think the dollars will go for even more because with inflation at over 20% and an artificially pegged currency it makes US dollars look pretty darn good in comparison.

Shortages... what shortages? Just ask Sean Penn, Oliver Stone and other useful idiots; Venezuela is the greatest country ever. That's why Chavez sought medical care in Cuba, another socialist "paradise". Obama is taking us to the same place people, so wake-up!!!

Wow. There are apparently many failed economists on this board.Venezuela is auctioning the USD to offset any possible loss in revenue from the black market and rises in import costs from the recent devaluation of currency. This is a smart move to offset the negatives of devaluation until trade balance is achieved.

I wonder if Chavez told them to auction the U.S. Dollars?

Make no mistake, the communists will say that their way works, while using US dollars to fund their nonsense.

Hopefully this is a good sign. Not all Venezulans hate the US. They may not agree with some of our decisions and they may never abandon socialism but they can appreciate the strength of our economy and our democratic form of government..

counterfeit....

I guess their dead (so-called) pres was" all talk &amp; no walk," may he fade away for his country's sake, huh?Chavez opposed the Keystone pipeline. Oh! Wait that IS Obama!

dollars? is not that the money of the devil? go tu cuba they will provide food, the same quality that the medical care chavez get, get coca leaves from evo, why use dollars are not the capitalist USA the enemy

I am going to sale dollars at the Venezuela ebay  site :)

Where are Sean Penn and Danny Glover?  Oh yeah, they live in the evil US.  Apparently lack of coffee and butter makes it unpleasant to live in the Socialist Worker's Paradise!LOL

Money money money moooney.... mooooneeeeyyyy!!!!     lol

WOW I thought Ven. was a baston on the hill a left wing heaven?

PRINT a buck . . . throw it out to the public for free . . . every time it's spent you get part of it back in taxes . . . after so many transactions you've got the buck back.. . . AND THAT PRINTED BUCK is still out there pulling in taxes every time it's passed from one to another. The game is PRINT and GIVE AWAY . . . ANYTHING to get that buck in circulation. ANYTHING to KEEP it in circulation.It's like a check that's NEVER CASHED . . . not even worth the paper it's printed on.

"muppet"

The liberal plans, failing as usual

We should put to auction Sarah Palin on Ebay !100% propaganda by C.I.A. and right wingers media in the United States.

We imperialists now have the venezuelans selling our dollars for us. Our master plan is in play. We have a imperialist president forcing poor people to sell our dollar. What country is next. Bahahaha !!

I wish someone would auction off obama.   That boy would make a good cotton picker.

Hopefully this is a good sign. Not all Venezulans hate the US. They may not agree with some of our decisions and they may never abandon socialism but they can appreciate the strength of our economy and our democratic form of government..