This is a no brainer.  I really don't want my money going to Egypt.

perhaps their not so dumb first? thats what scares the heck out of me.

How is it we find it so hard to cut $85 billion and yet still send all the money overseas?

doesn`t it make you sick to know your money is being given to the same people that would kill you for your beliefs? Something really has to be done

why areUS taxpayer money going to corrupt egypt they treat women like slaves..We need to keep the money to help US citizens

Why do continue to give Billions of dollars to people that hate us? If they are going to hate, let them hate us for free.Really I can think of better ways to spend Billions of dollars. How about we start right here in opur own back yard with Americans first. Say the elderly, homeless, and education.

About time! Radical fanatical islamic muslimes imposing sharia unto everyone deserve NO aid from the US!

It's about time that these Senators start working for the PEOPLE of the United States. This is what we elect them for. We should not be "assisting" countries that then SPEW HATRED towards us! I really don't care how they do it but they should block the disbursement of of ALL support funds for Egypt and while they are at it LIBYA too, after all they ALLOWED our Ambassador and others to be murdered at our own Embassy

"The amendments are among some 125 added to the bill, a domestic spending measure known as a continuing resolution."Oh, we know what it is. It is an irresponsible alternative to a budget.

Cut it Off Completely and DO NOT give them F15s and M1 abram Tanks

we cant afford tours of our white house,we have cut benefits to wounded warriors who gave almost everything for our country but we can afford to give money to other countries will ignoring our people,we cant afford to deport illegal aliens we hadin detention but we can give millions of dollars awayborrow from China to give to Egypt? that can only make sense to a politician.

Cut ALL aid to this muslim brotherhood run country! This new "president" is a vicious tyrant. The occupier in this White House threatens citizens in this country with going after social security, cutting firefighters, law enforcement and all kinds of "do what I say or the sky will fall" scenarios as he GIVES F16's, costing US multi millions of OUR tax dollars, at our expense to Egypt, and sends millions of OUR tax payer dollars as well and then shows what a pathetic little dictator he is by closing the White House and cancelling an Easter egg hunt?? How can people be so blind and stupid as to what obama is? No president in history, even Carter who's pathetic in his own right, has ever been so conceited and arrogant and held this office and this country in such disregard.

I love these JERKS in DC arguing about $1 BILLION in aid to EGYPT where they hate us. Yet these same JERKS are the reason people are being furlough or laid off from their jobs. Take care of our own CITIZENS before you give aid to others. Talk about about a GROUP OF Buffoons! Where did these POLITICIANS get their common sense, because it seems as though they were out when common sense was handed out.

1 billion a year to Cairo.........and no money to keep the White House open for tours.No money for park rangers or border patrols....or keeping illegal prisoners in jail...We stand behind the Muslim Brotherhood.

Why are we borrowing 2 billion from china and giving it to a country that even obama says is not an ally. Sequester them not our own people! Obama is insane!!!!

And you think this is the end of OUR money to Egypt ? The people that would sell us out or kill us in a heart beat ?

If they sent the money to me instead, the big difference is that I would be really grateful!

No money for White House tours ran by volunteers but we got a billion dollars to give to Egypt.

Veterans' benefits got cut for this.

Outrageous that we send money to other countries when we need it here.'well over $1 billion in military and other aid that Washington sends to Cairo each year.'Yep. We need to cut social security, welfare, unemployment, etc. to make ends meet and fix debt in America, but we certainly can't stop giving billions to people that would gladly set each and every one of us on fire. Observe how the government works, it would rather cut programs to help it's own citizens in need, before it would even TALK about cutting aid to countries that don't really like us.

Pay attention America to who is pushing the spending!  Who wants to keep spending money on green energy research.  Who wants to keep spending on preschool for everyone.  Who wants to open up drilling on public land not for us all but to put more money into green energy research?  WHO WANTS TO KEEP SPENDING!Mid term elections matter a lot and you must vote wisely.  If this administration gets control of the House, God help us all!

Finally!  Some people in Washington that are fighting for the right things!  This administration is spending away all of our futures and half of America cheers him on.  Ignorance is not bliss in this case!  We need to cut foreign aid!  If we have no money for things here, how do we have money to spend on green energy research and all this aid to Egypt and other countries?  It makes no sense at all.

Time to put an end to the Cash Cow to Egypt.

1. NO F-16 fighter jets or M1 tanks.2. Until Mursi says in English and Arabic that he intends to uphold the Camp David peace accords.3. Form a government WITH Christians, women, secular Egyptians.Egypt is now a country that no one knows where its heading. Morsy and his Muslim fanatics are choking Egyptians. The more money and weapons the US gives them, the more the Egyptian people think we are helping the Muslim Brotherhood to repress them. Obama should talk to the Egyptians direct, not to the Israelis. Israel is a pillar of strength for the US in this troubled corner of the world...

is seeing the sphynx and the peramids this important?

Cuts for americans.....over 1 billion for Egypt......which is never.....NEVER on the table for cuts....Americans have become the biggest group of fools and cowards on the planet.....

How hard is it to cancel every thing including armaments ? Where is the Muslim in Chief with another of his executive orders ? "Just say No'

giving money and weapons to radical people,where is the common sense? money we dont have

WAIT, wait, wait just a minute! I thought we're broke due to the sequester? If one ounce of that is true CUT ALL donations to foreign countries and take care of (HOLD ON) America!!!Save the cash, no jets or tanks for Egypt.

call the WH:cut off aid for the radical mursi and his muslim brothers.

It's just a billion - $1,000,000,000 - you Sandy folks will have to wait just a few more months!

and how much is gas again?

Yep! Gotta scramble to cover up the fact that on the same day Obama gave a QUARTER OF A BILLION to Libya and Syrian 'rebels', he was releasing 2,000 illegal aliens, WHILST pleading, 'lack of funds'..........

why not just give away all of our money and go the way of Cyprus.

Our own government is more concerned about the countries that hate us and want to kill us then their own people. Our government is truly a rotten government. Soon America will be a 3rd world country thanks to our own government.

Hell No . Muslims in the Executive Branch ,Egypt ran by MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD

NOT if the Narcissistic Man Child/Muslim in the Oval Office has a say in the matter !!!

Obama’s primary focus is the destabilization of the muslim world (the Arab Spring) and it appears to be backfiring on him.-Or maybe its working depending on what his true motives are.Just give all the money to Israel,that is what they are saying."Read between the Lines"How about no money for anyone,period!

Why are we borrowing 1 billion a year from china to give to Egypt and if Egpyt if getting a billion how much are we sending to the rest of the middle east let alone the world. When is washington going to stop borrowing money to give away.

I can restructure it in one word stop. No needs to spend time talking about it.

As always, the dems will continue on insisting that hard earned tax $$ be turned over to foreign zealots who hate out guts - Which in my view makes them traitors.

Don't give them a dime of American tax payer dollars! These folks are not are ally!

Here we are, laying people off right &amp; left, and we're giving other countries billions of bucks? Time to lynch some pols.

While your cutting checks , send me one for all the Soc Security I have paid in, and I will gladly give up my citizenship and leave the country

We send money to one of the richest regions in the world while the rate of homeless and poor in this country rises daily. Then if that’s not stupid enough, we turn around and pay a ton of money for a barrel of oil from the same region. I’m sure there’s a little politics at play that we have to consider but this is just plain stupid.

Stop funding the Muslim Brotherhood. I would have never imagined after the lessons we learned about Germany and Japan, that we would fund those that want us dead.

Why are we giving any money to anyone else while we are in debt?Why oh why do they support other countries before America?

Here is my plan.We start @ Zero and we give zilch.We keep our $$ and we restructure nothing.

Quit giving money to other countries, there it's not that hard!

NO aid to anyone!!  we are broke....we have people in this country that need food and shelter...

This shows you how broken DC is, we have to debate sending OUR $ to Egypt   , turn off the spigot!

When are we going to stop spending more then we take in? Hasn't any of these idiots in Washington figured this out or are they doing it on purpose to bankrupt this here USA?

Those idiots only want the money.  How foolish is our Govt.  Bring back all the jets and tanks before they are used on the Jews.

don't sweat it Egypt, you will be sure to get your "allowance" long before any Americans see a dime

The older I get, the more confused about our governments' objectives I become.

Are you kidding?? We send $1 BILLION....each year...to the Muslim Brotherhood!!Obama, you need to keep this money in the U.S. 'hood!I question the standing of Egypt as an ally.  They are "Moslem Brotherhood" and burn our flags, kill our ambassadors right along with the others in Libya.I oppose ANY AID TO EGYPT.The current dictator has destroyed democracy in Egypt.  Giving him money is the same thing as approving of his behavior.Secondarily, none of it will get to the starving Egyptians.As a Christian citizen I oppose giving our money to Muslims who have declare "jihad" to us, hate us and want us all dead.We need money here.Egypt has a "grandfather" in Saudi Arabia.Your "false logic" is the thought that Egypt needs us.  It does not.

Quit sending the taxpayer money overseas.

I'll bet not over one in ten Americans are in favor of sending this money and military hardware to the radical Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.  Obama's true Muslim colors are obvious to all who have the guts to open their eyes and take a look.

I can restructure that aid.. DON'T SEND IT!!!!!!!! I don't want MY money going to ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY FOR ANY REASON! It's time to stop paying taxes folks. There ARE ways.

Give the Muslim brotherhood $1,000,000,000Take away American citizens 2nd ammendment rights!OWEbama's  lies priceless!

Stop ALL AID to ALL COUNTRIES PERIOD. I'm the one that worked hard for it, not them. If I'm going to get robed by the government, then they should at least use it in my country, America.

How do they have money for Syria and Egypt but not for United States citizens.

I hate to bring up all this bad news, but here goes.  Arming Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood and it's new elected President turned dicator isn't the brightest idea Obama had some up with, but since he refuses to unseal his PROUD college records I can see why he wants his buddy Morsi to have f-15's and mucho tanks and tons of US dollars in aid (?) if you want to call it that.  I say Isreal, refuse Obama to land in Israel as you heard he has a contageous disease, or keep him quaranteened for months to make sure he is disease free, but do not award him with anything when he arrives.OK?  You'll thank me before Iran gets their dirty bombs in the next few months.

ovomit is sending money and all else to install the mudslime brotherhood in all of the mideast, which to me is an act of treason. NO MORE MONEY TO ANY NATION UNTIL WE HAVE NO MORE DEBT. how hard is that to figure out? ovomit is bankrupting usa to help his muslim brothers take over as many countries as possible... sad situation for usa.

And the VA can't treat soldiers as their budget is used up,seems to be a never ending money tree to give to foreign entities, and you wonder why the DHS is arming up to kill Americans who don't agree with the feds.Yeah, lets restructure it to Zero. These worthless people with suck off of anything.

When will Washington learn. They are trying to reduce the budget but are giving a nation 1.5B and we get nothing in return but abuse.

Cut it off Completely...Like they do to Hostages, Women who refuse marriage proposals, Wive's, Daughter's for no specific reason, and Christian's......Completely.....and reason.

We don't have money to keep giving tours of the white house but we have money to give to nations that hate us?

SHUT OFF ANY MONEY TO FORIEGN GOVERNMENTS

Giving them anything is insane.  All you yhave to do is understand islam and qur'anic thinking.  In their mind, it's always completely fine to line to infidels and break treaties, whenever it is seen to be "best for islam".  Their word means ZIP.  While some "modetate" muslims may not currently act like it, the islamic world has been at war with the rest of the world since soon after muhammad moved with a small group of followers and started their campaing of terror. They are COMMANDED to wage war against the rest of the world until everyone else is subdued and everyone either becomes muslim of we submit to their historic oppression and live as slaves on our own land.Sharia law anyone?

"nurse our children and our grandchildren on hatred" for Jews and Zionists."these bloodsuckers who attack the Palestinians, these warmongers, the descendants of apes and pigs."-Mursi President of Eygpt.  A little sample of where the money is going.

Oil , Oil and more Oil the Republicans are doing it again raising the gas prices. OH wait a minute its Obama and Biden doing it. How much money Obama and Biden raking in. They are the ones who making money off of you.

if restructure = eliminate, then i am all for it. NO MONEY TO FOREIGNERS UNTIL AMERICA IS OUT OF DEBT. AMERICANS FIRST.

Where is the money coming from  to pay for this?!.. Is Tina Faye paying for this?!."Lawmakers push to restructure Egypt aid"Yes, let us restructure it DOWN to the point that our government can afford to allow our TAXPAYER'S children to take tour of the Whitehouse if they wish!!

These children cannot run their own country - Why do they think they can other's?

Here's my idea to restructure. Its called - - -  NO AID.

A billion dollars a year! Doesn't really seem like that much, when you think about the 300 million dollars a day for their war in Afghanistan.

We need to STOP sending money to these countries. Everyone should write/call/e-mail your senators and insist it stop. We can't afford this #$%$.

The United States has a $17 Trillion debt, and we continue to BORROW money to give away. We cut OUR military and GIVE military aid to others. Makes about as much sense as trying to build a snowman in hell. Washington is one big Insane asylum.

Spend the money on nukes.....and deliver them from 10,000'....and then move on to Iran.....

How many Women and Childen have to be rape before we get rid of a Terrorist like Mursi in Egypt.

@Glenn. No Israel is not perfect or infallible. No democracy is and Israel has it's share of problems surrounded by a bunch of Islamist crazies. But they ARE democratic and free and share our values and are a strategic ally of the U.S.

Anybody else scared about what's going on in Cypress and the closing of their banks?  With the way things are going in our economy, I wonder if that could happen here, too.aiding the enemy real smart!!!

How about reconstructing some aid for Americans.....our elderly, our childern, our working tax payer and our freedoms.

Man! President Fuckstain sure likes him some #$%$ doesn't he?

Stop it DEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

better idea...use that billion of OUR dollars to help pay off the massive debt that Obummer has saddled us with!

Tell Egypt to get the money in the same place we get it! print it or call china!

We need to stop ALL aid of any kind to ALL of the Muslim Nations immediately !! Giving Egypt $1.3 billion dollars in military aid, F16 fighter jets, M-1 Abrhams Tanks and $250 million dollars in budget aid is craziness !!  It just goes to prove that this president does not want the U.S. to be the pre-eminent leader of the free world and is financing the Muslim Nations so that they become the powers of the world !  I'm not dreaming this up, look at the big picture and how many Muslim led countries Barry Obama is giving financial and military aid to right now !!  This is not a lie and you can find out the facts easily enough !!  Obama is going out of his way to hurt americans by taking away from us and giving it to Muslim Countries !!  It is obvious to methat Barry Obama is a true Muslim after checking the facts !!  He is just as guilty for the murders in Benghazi and let americans and our ambassador be killed AND let them raise theAlquaida Flag in the compound !!  The media had better wake up soon as well as they are going to end up being non- existant in the near future as well !!  Barry has them them drooling over him right now, but if they start changing their tune on Obama he WILL put a stop to it andtake control of the media !!

Just bribe money so that they won't mess with Israel. How stupid!

Worried about Egypts stability? How bout our own!  It's comin...

These are Obama's peoplethe only way to restructure foreign aid is to quit giving it out period

The resolutions should be to cut the aid completely.

A $BILLION?  Are we made of money?  What about the kids shut out of the White House? What about the poor kids needing shots? No can do - gotta give the Muslim Brotherhood a billion smackeroos of taxpayer money. Obama can't quite figure out what he is supposed to do so he just does whatever pops into his head (and there is a lot of room in there).

How is this for restructuring Eygpt. Throw all the Muslim Brotherhood and their Islamic laws out of Eygpt. place a true follower of Democracy and freedom for the people. Muslim Brotherhood is just a front for Al Qaida. The same enemy that Barak Obama protects and funds.

No big deal.  We don't send them any actual money.  We just dump military stuff on them and American weapons manufactures pocket the money.

News flash. U.S. government reconstructs aid to the United States of America. Can they get enough backing from the house and senate to pass it? More news at 11 o'clock.

$1 billion yearly aid to Egypt...stop the military aid,we need the money here domesticly...

Please do not tell me that there is no money for Social Security!!!!!

I like that line about " foreign assistance must reflect our values as well as our interests" its a bit of a joke. But for starters a good objective measure would be take the dollars we currently give to each country and multiply it by the percent of times a given country votes with us at the UN. Now there is a nice objective measure if they are on board with our interests.

I wouldn't give them or any sand #$%$ one green dollar!!!No money period!

I have a better idea, we're broke. Don't send them any money! Keep it here and open the white house up a couple days a week. Call off the sequester scare tactics

our GOV is so F -up

how Egypt's Islamist government can use well over $1 billion in military and other aid that Washington sends to Cairo each year. its government is struggling with a worrying slide in currency reserves and a soaring budget deficit.WHAT ,OUR COUNTRY IS IN GOOD SHAPE ,MAKES ME SICK , OUR GOV. WANTS TO CUT OUR PROGRAMS ( that we pay 4 every wk. out of pay ck's)TO SEND THEM $$$$$$$

Zero sounds like a good number to me.

Restructure Israeli aid too

Obama would rather close down White House tours and the traditional Easter festivities than not give the Muslim Brotherhood money.

I thought it was just Obama that wanted to take care of the muslim brotherhood but now we have 5 braindead senators thats going along with it. Hope uses remember 2014.

I DO NOT approve of my tax dollars going to help people who hate us. I could restructure this bill in a heart beat. You get NONE.

They call this diplomacy, "sleeping with the enemy!"The ballance of fiscal responsibility. Five senators - four Republicans and one Democrat. What does that tell you? This is for you stupid people. 80% of Republicans and 20% of democrats want more fiscal responsibility.

Just plain stupid?

JFK Speech on Secret Societies and Controlled Media, American Newspaper Publishers Association, Waldorf Astoria Hotel, New York, New York, (4/21/1961)"The very word secrecy is repugnant, in a free and open society, and we are as a people, inherently and historically, opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and secret proceedings.We decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts far outweigh the dangers which are cited to justify it. Even today there is little value in ensuring the survival of our nation, if our traditions do not survive with it.And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious who wish to expand it's meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment. That I do not intend to permit, to the extent that it is in my control.For we are opposed, around the world, by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy, that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence,on infiltration instead of invasion,on subversion instead of elections,on intimidation, instead of free choice,on guerrillas by night, instead of armies by day,It is a system which has conscripted, vast material and human resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic, scientific, and political operations.Its preparations are concealed, not published.Its mistakes are buried, not headlined.Its dissenters silenced, not praised.No expenditure is questioned. No rumor is printed. No secret is revealed.No president should fear public scrutiny of his program.I am not asking your newspaper to support an administration.. But I am asking your help in the tremendous task of informing and alerting the American people..I not only could not stifle controversy from your readers, I welcome it. Without debate, without criticism, no administration and no country can succeed. And no republic can survive.For I have complete confidence in the response and the dedication of our citizens when they are fully informed.That is why the Athenian law decreed it a crime for any citizen to shrink from controversy. And that is why our press was protected by the first amendment, the only business in America specifically protected by the constitution,not primarily to amuse or entertain,not to emphasize the trivial and sentimental,not to simply give the public what it wants,but to inform, to arouse, and to reflectto state our dangers and our opportunities,to indicate our crises and our choices,to lead, mould, and educate and sometimes even anger public opinion.This means greater coverage and analysis of international news, for it is no longer far away and foreign, but close at hand and local.. it means greater attention, to improved attention, to greater understanding of the news, as well as improved transmission. And it means finally, the government at all levels, must meet its obligation, to provide you with it's possible information, outside the narrowest limits of national security.And so it is to the printing press, to the recorder of man's deeds, the keeper of his conscience, the carrier of his news, that we look for strength, and his assistance, confident that with your help, Man will be what he was born to be..Free and independent."

Not good, but much improved...

No way the Tea Party will allow Rand Paul to agree with Pat Leahy.  Watch for a change in direction.

This amendment will never pass if Pat Leahy and Rand Paul both agree on it.   Their opponents will use it against them in the next election saying that each other greed with the enemy

I still don't understand why we are sending a billion plus tax dollars to a terrorist organization like Egypt. Why?

obamas brothers will always be taken care of before the usa.get used to it or impeach this hitler reincarnation.

right on.  the money we send to egypt should have so many  many  caveats that they wouldn't want it.  this would just clarify that they are our enemies and shouldn't be financed anyway.  pardon yahoo's censorship which doesn't allow me to remove one "many".

So let me get this straight, our government cut spending on many things that is already having negative effects on us as American citizens and yet our government wants to give 1 billion in aid to Egypt, a country being led by the Muslim Brotherhood who hate Americans and treat women like slaves, this is so f''ed up. How about NO money or equipment goes to Egypt and our government take care of the American citizens FIRST and not LAST.We give money to a country that persecutes people of christian faith, and treats women like slaves, and that is ok with our goverment. Furthermore, do we seriously think we can help a country that is divided, a declining currency and high deficits. If we can, perhaps we should start fixing things here first.

1.3 billion sure would help our country get china repaid sooner than later..we will never get repaid for all the money that is going to egypt..kerry is trying to buy their friendship..

Its only 1 billion dollars a year..........  We spend more than that on large soda's, guns , cigs a year..... except in NYC.......... Its all banned.....  Maybe we should give them NYC and call it even.......

If this sequester was worth a darn, the first thing on the list would be a suspension of ALL foreign aid.

We don't need to send all that aid to Egypt.  This is crazy!  And we're borrowing money from China to send to Egypt.  Whose idea is this?

I am still waiting for any Senator or any elected official who has the balls to  suggest decreasing or putting conditions on the aid given to Israel. No excuses please, facts only.

end all aid to islamist countries

No money for Egypt, and when Obama goes over there, keep him.

125 Amendments? How about one: SEQUESTER THE AID!

We had a dog called Little Egypt because he left a pyramid in every room.I hope they keep Obama in Egypt and he doesn't come back. Just another vacation for him and his tag along family and thugs. He needs to go, he's not helping this country, and never will. That shows me he is definitely not a legal citizen of this country. He's disgusting.

So Mursi must be a sworn enemy of America if he belongs to, and advocates, this Muslim Brotherhood group. And so our government is giving money to his group indirectly. Doesn't anyone consider this as being a bit traitorous in that our government is providing monetary support (note the fact our government is notorious for not knowing where the money it sends is going) to a group who, at this very moment, is known for developing brutal and vicious anti American campaigns.Come on Washington DC, someone there must have some common sense. UH...well come to think of it...How about a federal LAW that prohibits our government from giving any financial support to any foreign country. They can ONLY give non military American made products or American provided services to these foreign governments. Tractors, medicines, engineering/consulting (etc.) services, shovels, water purification plants, air conditioners and etc. (Think our government could keep track of a product rather than money?)OUR economy would definately benefit because OUR products are being "sold" overseas, but OUR money is staying here in the U.S.A. and making more jobs.

We could have funded all of the air shows with the money sent to egypt...

I can tell you how to restructured it, cut it off completely!!!!  Wake up people, these people want to kill us!!!!!!

You can't buy people's friendship with money. Let all of them prove their friendship first then we will consider foreign aid and the amount.

No country gives the US any money. Take care of our own people.

Definitely monitor how plural they are as a society, and human rights protections, and women's rights.   I would also like to see our senators reflect My values and many other Americans when we want aid to Israel scrutinized, made transparent and not hidden in pockets all over the budget, and limits on any that support settlers and limit the human and civil rights of Bedouins and Palestinians.  Right now, the Bedouins are being removed, just as in South Africa, some immigrant women have been sterilised without  knowing it, the settlers are attacking churches.   We need to stop decrease the arms race we foster by upping weapons all the time to Israel, Egypt and Saudi Arabia, and let them start to deal.  It is called a ppost-America reality in which each has to take responsibility for their own development.

Why aren't more seasoned professionals instilling in these young politicians the more sophisticated perspective of international relations that they need to have in 2013 and going forward? Some of them are coming off as amateurish.

I'm glad to see my tuition assistance is going to a good cause....Sorry you got furloughed, we have to send money to the Muslim Brotherhood.....You want to tour the White House? Too bad! That money is going to fund our future enemies.

The US gives less % of  foreign aid than most developed countries.  From what i read it is only about 1% of our budget, so we wouldn't save much, but we could use it more wisely.  The savings will come from stopping oil/agribusiness/corporate welfare - big bucks, making offshore accounts pay taxes, big bucks, setting taxes to the ultra rich back to the percentage they were 30 years ago, stop military waste, close tax loopholes - REGULATE the banks to jumpstart the US economy - oh, but that's government interferenceNews flash! We are in debt! Cut spending! We can't afford it! Quit giving money we dont have!

Lets borrow money from China to donate to Egypt to keep them in check and voting in our favor like we do all poor countries with the IMF and World bank as tools to keep nations in bondage with high interest loans we know they can never pay back...we will be China's lap dog shortly along with N. Korea

and they believed a compulsary lier's  promise ; I need my hard earned tax money back.

No  money for American needs but they want to send billions to Egypt!!  Fire 'em all in 2014!!!!!

1 billion dollars..for what..ohhh play in the sand ..makes sense now

Bo-bo dumps billions in to this #$%$ hole country then they go moose-limb why on earth should we prop up a country that have interests opposed to ours . Cut white house tours but dump billions in to this moose-limb #$%$ hole good job bo-bo

Here's a real simple way to re-structure the aid to Egypt;ELIMINATE IT STARTING TOMORROW!Okay, what's next on the agenda?

Here where cutting medicaid and care cutting wic for children and many other programs for our poor, we have multi trillion deficit and we still give money away to other countries. Egypt isnt the only one. Sudi Arabia, Isreal Iraq, afganastan , pakistan and who knows how many more

Why in the ell does the goverment keep buying friends? If some currency change comes upon the American dollar there is not one other nation that will help the USA. I would bet you that even China would turn its fire breathing dragon's head and flinch its fur and wiggle its tail at us.

Why do you clowns give our money away. How about taking care of our own people for a change.WOW! Commensense has trully left washington!

NO AID TO MUSLIMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

That's right...lets send billions to a country that has grown terrorists who've been part of the murders of countless Americans.  Bltch-slap that country back the bedouin age, or turn it into a huge piece of glass.

"Washington provides $1.3 billion per year in military aid to Egypt. The United States also said early this month it would give the country $250 million in budget aid"And we're talking bout as the republicans say we need to make some tough decesions about socil security.The repulican party is just out of touch with reality,everyone that is repulican is not rich I beleive in republican idealogy however they only beleve in in it when its conveint.

WHY the HELL do we borrow from China and Give it to Egypt ?

we dont need to send egypt anything or any other foreign countries, cant take care of our own business, what are these idiots thinking??

To hell with Egypt! We have our own problems to fix!  Tell your senator to screw Them.

Tell congress--NO!

...OMG!!! I'm speechless. Close the embassies everywhere in the middle east and send all of the "free military surplus home". Let them use their Ak-47's and watch them with drones. What does Egypt have that we need?These people in D.C. are going to drive us into the ground. Just remember we are a negative growth country and the two generations including we baby-boomers are going to be gone. Just who is going to pay the bills in 20 years?

Just STOP stop sending the money overseas.  Keep it here and take care of our own people.Let me know when "restructuring" means zero.

Cut them off completed.  Done with all this #$%$ going away from us.

We should be asking Egypt for money. Israel and Saudi Arabia too.

About F%$# time!

Go ahead #$%$ off more money to someone else, we don't need it were Bankrupt!

Guys, I am Egyptian and I could tell that right now the opposition in Egypt urges the government to give up the US Aid so to be free from the US influence. Despite that, it seems like the government is very eager to continue recieve the US aid. Likewise, many US congressmen along with the majority of the US citizens want the US government to cease sending the aid to Egypt. Yet, the US government seems very eager to continue sending it! I do think that there is something bet. the line that needs to be magnified in which I think it is somehow related to the peace treaty bet. Egypt and israel. Also, this aid could be construed as a pressing tool in the US hand to keep having a role in deciding how Egypt should function!!

Instead of giving them 1.3 billion, they'll give em 1.2.9 billion.

I also justy donated to CPAC - Conservative Political Action Committee.  I am done with helping the Republican party.  I will help elect conservative that work for the people and will vote against all democrat and so call republican that are to worried about their personal political careers and not our country.

peaceFAMOUS TRESS passers of the OZONE LAYER are in a HEEP of TROUBLE PICTURE

peaceWe LIVE inside KINGDOME of GOD as Gateway of OZONE LayerpeaceSEEKERS of BOON DAYS pluarl and SEEKERS of DOOMS DAY singular

peaceALL BANKS were to be in GRACEFUL Granduer LEVEL

peaceDome of the is a AIRPORT landing space for FULL GRANDUER of Arch Angel Gabriel is KNown as One legged HOOFER CREATURE TALL as O ZONE Layer Lawyer

peaceSalaam changes to Subhan Allaah upon meeting and greeting Arch Angel Gabriel

peaceArmy of Angels are lead out of OBSECURITY into Clarity by Arch Angel Gabriel to desend upon Dome of the Rock at Dusk of NIGHT FALL straight JOURNEY from point A directly above MECCA yet LANDS at Dome of the Rock is no sanctary AIRPORT

peaceAfrica states came from far journey unto Land of Kings and Queens of Egyptian Money Table,,4 times states reported GDP earned 4 Times reproduction of civil money notes gathered from Egyptian Comptrollers are stately KNOWN from LISTINGS

peaceGDP TABLE of 1 YEAR figure TOTAL Times 4 SEASONS growth allowance of REASONABLE TABLE of KINGDOME of GOD ALL MIGHTY

peaceNO ONE HUMAN was to be suffering in POVERTY Life style set UP by Roman Empires rejects ART work PUZZLE BANK of Quantum served PUBLIC WELL as Wise DOME CROWN TEMPLE MIND

peacegentlemen are not brutes lost moral compass combination

peaceKNOCK knock,,,whose THERE,,,,Intelligent,,,,Intelligent who,,,,Intelligent Glass VasepeaceWiser to OVER estimate Wisedome Kingdome

peaceTUNE UP clinic of WELL FARE not Welfare

peaceGOOD WILL towards ALL of MANKIND,,,,,,,,,Englisha needs Translator into English

peaceBanks were to be in GRACE not Dis Grace EMPIRE

peaceEmpires under estimates Wisedome Kingdome design

peace1 Arab comptroller 2 Egyptian comptroller 3 Asia comptroller 4 Europe Comptroller 5 North America comptroller 6 Souhth America comptroller 7 Australia comptroller

A little #$%$ late, wouldn't you say??? What type of government allows this type of behaviour, oops, ours. Keep the money and aide here, you morons, you can squander it better than the can! Better yet, give it back to us as a "dummy" rebate for electing your dumb... in the first place.

Why are we giving aid to a country run by terrorists? The US has gone INSANE

E-mail your senator and tell them no money for #$%$!

lets see!it is time to go back to neutralist stance that our goverment was run on for over 120 years.lets shore up our borders with dominant cement walls and place gaurds every half of a mile.place 75% tarrifs on all imports to pay for our goverments spending like it was supposed to be from our foundations.cut payroll taxes 40 % and and lay out a 3 teir flat rate tax for all americans!with the tarrifs china will not have the ability to under-cut the american job market.we will be able to put 80% of the population back to work,.we will have the ability to again create our own destiny!So have the F-16s &amp; M-1 tanks gone to Egypt or not - I thought they were already there?! Hopefully not, as McCain &amp; Leahy's latter part reads!!

Only ONE Democrat and FOUR Republicans taking part in this Democratically controlled Senate?

Poor American friends and taxpayers , I really feel pity for you. Do you really think Obama will cut the aid?!!.The question is, why USA give this aid to Egypt in the first place?!!!. the US government has been giving Billions to Egypt for decades since the peace treaty between Egypt and Israel was sealed in 1979. This aid has been given for some reasons. One of these reasons is to help Egypt to maintain a peaceful civil regime abides by the values of human rights, minorities rights and freedom of speech.Another reason is to keep good relations and ties with Israel. Now after the falsification of the presidential elections  in June 2012, the Islamic fascistic regime violates every human value and right.The number of victims of the civilians is rising everyday, Egypt is on the verge of a civil war between the Islamists and the rest of the country. Let alone the pressure practiced on the Coptic minority from burning their churches and homes, kidnapping their minors and the ugly discrimination against them .However the American president has granted this bloody regime 450 million during the presidential elections.We never hear any condemnation from the US government for any reason.Can you give me a good reason why USA supports the Muslim brotherhood which is the older sister of Hamas and a dear friend of Iran?!!!.Do you know the ties between the muslim brotherhood and Al-Qaeda and jihadists who dream about killing you and destroying the western values?!!!!!!!

If they want to spend money on Egypt I'll gladly support spending that money on nuclear anhilation of that godforsaken desert full of terrorists.

peaceUSA and UK and China as Asian

peaceWESTERN Hemisphere was to have 3 Comptrollers

peaceUTOPIA G-3 shall answer for CIVIL MONEY  conditions

peaceTOTAL of 7 Comptrollers

peace4 Money Tree systems in Eastern Hemisphere was to have 4 Comptrollers

Do not give those who hate us any help. Give them our homosexuals instead. In other words, don't send them aid, send them aids.Do not worry about Mursi talk in the past he is doing for the local consumption. YSA are giving the military aid and also triple that amount to Israel to keep both quite. No Egyptian is going to go to fight Israel in the near future. It will end to look to them as Egyptian. Moses and his people were Egyptian . Keep being friendly with the Egyptian they need your help.

I hope China decides the 15 trillion we owe them is just 'aide'

The only restructure needed is termination.  Next!

Wonder if the relationship improved from this kinda aid? I dont see it.

blakcmail by the zionist/jews lobbyist,fight and dies for israel/jews interest.jew-lobbyist and aipac are terrorist organisation and make them illegal.wak-up taxpayers.

So America's values are those of marco Rubio and Rand Paul.  Again an example of how the ham handed right wing approach to foreign policy will simply increase overseas resentment....mind you, without ingratiating these guys one whit to Israel!

Ok fair enough but lets control the billions we send a year to the child killing zionsts in israel.  Oh i forgot israel is perfect and israel is infallable Just ask any zionist or the congressmen they own and theyll tell you so....