I just knew it!!!  P-BO &amp; Holder should've sent some New Black Panther's over there to help monitor those elections....  LMAO!!!!

Comming HERE to a CITY NEAR YOU !!! ??? Maybe sooner than you Think too

Yeah! We had the same problem here only our 'problem' is in office.

Mmmmm...a mere shadow of the corruption that exists in our current political state.  Those Kenyan's are all alike.

why is it when I look at Africa I see so much of the ussa?

Here we go, again. Liberals can't stand to lose. Just like Al Franken. If there is a recount, he will win by a landslide. Luo's think they can vote twice.

Looks like another successful Democracy. Has any one noticed the difference between "using Democratic values in a Republic" and a "Democracy" yet?  Or the fact there is little to no difference between Socialism and Democracy? Our laws loose their value when the  mob is in control. Majority rule without law is a bad joke.... i.e. linchmob=majority. What are we going to do with all of the dead sheepl at the bottom of the cliff?lol

Rigged elections and Marshall law are ingrained in the DNA of every Kenyan.

if they need help, they can have obama

Finally, a happy looking group of demonstrators.This is the same thing that has happened here twice. Go check our election results and you will see odumbo only won the states with no VOTER ID.The truth is starting to come out in Ohio. Look up Melowese Richardson of Cincinnati, she worked in a polling center, and bragged on camera to a TV reporter that she voted twice for odumbo. Their legal investigation discovered she actually voted 6 times in six different names all registered at her address. The day her story aired on TV 19 more people in the same district cam out and said they all voted 2 to 4 times each.One City in Main had a 140% voter turnout! How does that happen, also a Town in Florida had 120% voter turnout!I imagine this occurred in both elections, and the Republicans are to afraid of "Public Opinion" to launch a Congressional investigation, which they should have done in 2009.I also challenge everyone to look up odumbos Birth Certificate on the Internet. Back in the early 1960's Race was identified as White, Black, Indian, Asian, odumbo's birth certificate says his fathers race was African, and his mother as white.  African is a nationality, like English, French, or German, not a race. It is only been in the last 25 years or so that the P/C crowed refers to black people as African American. Check the facts.

Obama to annex Kenya.  Kenya is to be given, "special status" as a possession of the Democratic Party.  All Kenyan votes will count in the next US election.  There is also a new policy in place to do the same for the rest of the African nations and  some Communist countries like, Cuba.  Yes, Cubans will be allowed to vote in the next US election as well as other south American Socialist countries in a show of solidarity.  The Constitution you say?  What about it?  It is just some old document written on some old paper by some old dead men with some old ink and just is not relevant in a Socialist society,-----  like ours.

just 85 iq obongos being 85 iq obongos

Obama's communist Muslim father was a Kenyan citizen and he has family living there. Maybe we should loan them Barack for three years to see if he can turn things around.Ever notice that Obama's first and middle name are Arabic?

Barack Sr's homeland,this the things to come in Barack Jr's homeland.

They are just tuning up for the bloodbath.

I think all of America's Black's should go to Kenya and support this new president....

America has a Kenyan squatting in the White House and can expect to see scenes similar to the pictures above in the near future.

Has there ever been a successful African nation?

Somebody ...throw them a basketball!3rd world democracy; gotta luv it!!

This is Obama's heritage - what he believes in! Obama is destroying the poor and the middle class in the US by forcing the innovators and the wealthy to move elsewhere.  Meanwhile, the US news media supports the US state run genocide because Obama sells the news.  Hate, polarization, violence and murder are the mantra of the Democrats.

There is no peace where war cannot model a justification of harmony.

Need more evidence Obama was born in Hawaii? He acts like a guerrilla militant just like the Kenyan government.

WAIT !! HOLD ON !! obama wants some....

Gotta love the flood of Kenyan news. Most be a slow news month! Thanks Yahoo...and your new homepage still suggs.

I seriously don't see the point in African countries that have no democratic tradition and a horrible track record trying democracy continuing to implement democracy.

its a good sign kenyans are law abiding citizens and trust in the rule of law.

Somewhere in Kenya they're missing a village idiot and we have him for a president!

Truely democracy is on trial in this country of ours kenya but what we are paying for is peacehow do they get shirts made when their suppose to be dying of hunger on commercials

Did Kenyan ever thinking of thank you to Great Britain?  If the British had never conquered Kenya as a colony and help builded the country and with Western civilization.  Kenya will be nothing but a jungle, no church, no infrastructure, no housing construction, no road, and a lot of unclothed  humans run around with the animals.  But no, even the Kenyan in the American people's house is still very bitter and angry of the British.  He did show it by sending the statue of Prime Minister Churchill from the White House back to England to spike them.  And the British did not give that statue to obama, that statue belonging to the USA.Mr. Churchill himself used to say:  England owed to Rome.  Because the fact is the Roman did bring many civilizations to the Anglo after conquered in BC 44.

Foolish protesters just looking to start something where there is nothing. Don't these people have jobs they ought to be doing apart from following politicians around like flies on schitt?

Obama is the 6th Harlem Globe Trotter and has that Magic Johnson in between the eyes.

Obama's taking notes.

The Supreme Court of the US? Wouldnt suprise me , seeing that Kenya is where our wanna be president was born. I think he is gay,after all every other media article is about gay rights. Their elections are modeled after ours. Must be that obamas reletives set up the same type of corrupt elections over there.

Jaluo jeuli lol

Sounds like an election obama had something to do with

when are they going to get a biracial president?

Kenya knows to never let a crisis go to waste.Claims of rigging by the losers came before the elections ....long before!....The looser is known not to concede defeat..he either wins or wins! any other outcome is rigging him out....Fresh elections will give him same results.. Power hungry man.

Uhuru is a staunch disciple of the former president Moi and his father who did not tolerate any form of challenge from anyone.  This guy - Uhuru has not been sworn in and yet we see oppression and cencorship already settling in.  The immediate former president Mwai did not arrest anyone, use special branch to harass ordinary citizens unlike the first two, and did not  assassinate anyone during the  10 years that he had been in power.  Long live Mwai Kibaki!

Soar loser, get over it you must be related to mitt romney.

It was Odinga,s supporters that started the troubles last time after Odinga when he lost asked his supporters to protest so yes others fought back in self defence and its beginning to look like some of his supporters are trying to re-ignite these troubles which I for one hope does not occur. I,m Scottish living in Kenya with my Kenyan wife and talking to people here there is very little mention of tribes as most of them just say that they are Kenyan. I wonder if it was Odinga and his cronies that got the ICC involved against Kenyatta to turn eyes away from him and to try and sway the voters against Kenyatta which obviously did not work as they turned out in force to vote for him. Look on you tube for proof that it was Odinga,s supporters that started the troubles last time. Look at the so called witnesses retracting their statements stating that they were either bribed or blackmailed to make false statements against the accused with/to the ICC

Hoping for a peaceful and fair outcome, Kenya.

A constitution would ensure democracy, and is worth protecting, otherwise, the elite will continue to misuse public resources, with the rich growing filthy rich in the Forbes magazine, when others are living like mice.

Just do a recount. That is too close.

Tear gas! Moochelle must be over their farting.

What does obama have to say about all this trouble in the country where he was born?

Ala-zeitgeist -style the CIA is trying to bring down the kenyan government for the primary benefit of  AmERIKAwhy do ignorant racist trolls come to Yahoo? i don't get it...

monkeys line up and say baah baah baah baah. wasted race

Raila Odinga lost it, negative news or not, Kenya is making strides and bigger ones towards China! Next articles please......

It is a good thing that Black Americans are becoming immune to racial verbiage because Africa is rising! The hatred for the President is a reaction to these historical fears than began with Aristotle and the Greek physician, Galen. Galen taught racial pseudoscience that became the cornerstone of western medicine and the slave trade. Some medical textbook still perpetuate these lies as truisms.  After ~400 years of racial medicine and biomedical science, discrimination against blacks has not ceased. I hope the Kenyans work together and stop the division or they will end up like the US congress. In my opinion, only a fool would connect political greed and divisiveness to black skin. The black Africans are among the brightest people on earth. More access to technology will help level the playing field. Thank God, Africa is rising AGAIN at last!

Let change change us!