the only bets right now. Gold and federal reserve owners.

i'm too poor to buy this stuff would not even if winning a lottery...LOL....

so gold is up but gold mining stocks are down? This makes no sense.

AME said "always bet on the US economy recovering!".  I was with him until he made that naive statement.  We are in completely unchartered territory economically with the myriad free trade agreements the middle class basically a thing of the past.  This is no recession, because the term "recession" implies that there is an  end to it.  We all live on borrowed money now.

Bonanza Goldfields - BONZ - First revenue report delayed. Trading at a penny currently. Gold production underway at the company's Tarantula site in Arizona. "Penny stock today. Dollar stock tomorrow."

gold, time tested. whatever the value may be it's better than paper notes

Betting on the economy recovering, this time, is like betting on a stack of cards that is already near the ceiling to keep growing.  Too much borrowed in this country, and too many free trade agreements that are unfair to the US (thanks to Bush Sr, Clinton, Bush Jr, and yes, Obie).

gold get punishing by market and mr.ben and hedge fund sold off..When it is dirt cheap they buy them back like they treated APPL share that all about $%#%$

The " gold bugs " want you to buy with U. S. dollars they so greatly disparage, don't they, why is that?

no fear Mr. O. just wisdom. unfettered printing of fiat with no backing is a debt that will eventually need to be paid. it doesn't have to be gold but the world needs a credible monetary standard to curb the rampant printing.Sell it down to the crooks and then you will by it back when they run it back up.

Gold was $800 an ounce when Obama was elected, it is now twice that.  It is about the only thing that has done really well under Obama.  Could it double again by 2016.

Someone said gold would 1900 by end of 2012 LOL

Never listen to gold bugs. They do not understand the broader markets and live in continuous fear.

I don't know why my old post was removed but gold is going to be over 3 k by years end. There is no speculation we are in trillions of dollars of debt. abx is a nice stock to have right now they just opened up another mine and its dirt cheap at 34 stock should go over 100 by years end.

It's all speculations, just like all corruptions.

Money is just distilled blood, toil, tears, time and sweat. Work makes wealth. Wall St.? They take about 15 percent of the national income in exchange for doing a bad job keeping the books. Used to be two-thirds that, and the books were better.

Gold is worthless.  Bernanke said so.

There may soon come a day when $100 bils are used for toilet paper and firestarters..try doing that with gold.

wish i had money just to buy silver ,, it will go up a lot . any body wants to but me some silver i would be very gratful and repay you . tyvm  or  any amount .ooops grateful

But I keep sending my banker in Liberia more money for gold!

I'm really surprised that in times of uncertainty, people are building their cash reserves instead of gold or something else that can't be devalued by printing 30-60%. I think it is just a sign of how many people that don't understand the market are investing themselves.

The king of babylon once built an idol made up of gold, entirely of gold -six hundered three score and six talents (a measurement of weight?)of gold - 666 talents (or was it 666 cubits? - how much would that be inmetres cubed, or kilograms?), and decreed (passed legislation) thateverbody in babylon was to worship that idol.... Hananaih, Mischal, andAzariah (their Hebrew names) refused to obey the king's edict (law of theland) - they were like 'civil rights protestors'.... The point is,... OK, what wasmy point?

Gold peaked at $1900.  It should get back there next year.

Obama will attempt to control the gold in the US soon.

#$%$, why don't you and other whites control your hatred.  Get help for yourself.

Mormons.

Are you sure you know how many shares of company X you own?If the company pays a dividend.... Well, how do you know that youare not handing over cash to your "broker-bank" and that person isnot simply paying you interest and quoting you "made-up" prices?I think perhaps honesty is underrated when it comes to what employerslook for on a resume.

You ever see the movie, Goldfinger?  Goldfinger cheats at golf.And his plan is to destroy the gold at the Federal Reserve, vaporizeit.  The point being, if gold can be here today, and gone tomorrow,whose accounting will say the Syrian Government or the BritishExchequer trust as to how much gold is guarded at Fort Knox?If the government of the United States says so, it must be true,because the US government would never cheat at golf? :  Is thatwhat we are to believe?  Or is it simply a case of "this note is legaltender" - even if it is no longer "backed by gold"?  Does a salespersonat a Best Buy store trust what the computer screen says when hegoes to "look up" how many iPads are "in stock"?If paper money is such a viable and valuable asset, why do central banks have gigantic caverns filled with gold and not paper??

Waiting for the wash out of those who got scared out of the gold.And just like last time gold will shoot up again.I think it will be very soon ! ..Any margin calls left.

According to my yahoo finance page, Gold is worth nothing.  Apparently gold lost $1621 today.

Who can tell me why the price of gold spiked up 60$ in one day ?

Just remember Gold is over $49,000 Rubles per ounce. America is headed in the same direction. $100 trillion unfunded liability for the U.S. WAKE UP PEOPLE!  Good Luck!....... Gotta go buy some more Gold and Silver.

As expected gold is on downtrend. Falls in gold are quite steep,

Gold sky high soon.

If the dollar goes up Gold could have trouble.

A rising dollar could hamper miners also.

Waiting for the wash out of those who got scared out of the gold.And just like last time gold will shoot up again.I think it will be very soon ! ..Any margin calls left.One way to leverage an investment in gold is to invest in start-up junior mining companies such as Bonanza Goldfields - BONZ. They can yield substantial profits if you invest at the bottom.

I'm shorting gold. Interest rates spiked today and the big banks all say they see the Gov't slowing the printing of money very soon. The charts indicate a classic "bubble" and the rush to get a piece of the easy money has flat lined. Buying gold at these prices is basically betting against the economy recovering. Regardless of your political affiliation.....always bet on the US economy recovering!

Wasn't gold supposed to be $2400 an ounce by last month according to "experts" last year?

Well, you idiots, I bought gold at $300 in the early 2000s, and I have 6 times my investment.  How are you bozos doing with your stocks and worthless paper?  And you say you cannot sell gold and convert to cash?  More idiocy!  Just go to Goldline or any of the buyers and sellers, and you can get your worthless cash now...  And I also bought a ton of silver at $7.  Not a bad return.  And guess what, I have held it all, and continue to hold, because gold will go well past $2000 and silver past $60 by the end of 2012.  Now what have your stocks and bonds done to match this performance.   Get smart!Matt

With improving stock market Gold prices are expected to go down further, No brainer.

Is it the time to sell Gold before it down. History show a steep fall in Gold every time stock market rally!

All of your comments are quite interesting, some even make sense. But the fact is, that no one can really know what is going to happen, as today we are experiencing; for the first time in our history, markets that are manipulated beyond reason for monetary gain, by a group of ruthless greedy crooks, who have absolutely no morals.  I call these people, our Day Care Society, as they were dropped off and left in the care of people, who really didn't care about anything, other than being paid for watching them.  Therefore they weren't taught fair play, concern for others, right from wrong.  As long as these crooks are in charge of our government, wall street, large banks, and our courts, they will continue on until there is nothing left to steal.  Then I guess slavery will be back.   Some of the experts are calling for gold at $4500. and silver at $60. in 2012, and $12,000. $600. before the Bull is done.  As I said earlier, no one really knows.  I do know that as long as those in charge are allowed to circumvent our Constitution, calling it nothing but a #$%$ piece of paper, and are not being brought forth to answer for their crimes; things will not get better.  Look at the recent Robo Sign Off Bill that Congress passed, which did nothing but allow the crooks to pay a pentence, walk free, and continue on with their scam against home owners and tax payers.

If you bought gold at its high in 1980, you are STILL waiting for your breakeven point after inflation, which I thought gold was supposed to be a hedge against?But I'm sure the gold bugs will kick me in the teeth for pointing that out.

Are you looking ways to earn money? Well, I’ve got one for you.. I earned money from the website Oil Trading Academy through the secret code. I want to share this to all of you so that you to can do the same.. Visit their website to know more…

It is the combination of Wall Street short selling gold stocks and buying hard bullion like the rest of the world.  Only idiots think that the US dollar and the US are on solid footing. It is a ponzi scheme being continually manipulated by this admistration and the FED. Where pray tell are all of Barak's Top economic advisors?  Romer..gone. Summers Gone..Christine Banks..gone. Goolsbie...gone..Next..Geitner gone.  All firing up the jets and heading to their Keynsian paradice somewhere.  Latest print by the BLS is pure #$%$ Americans soon to become divided even more.  It is getting fun.  All you who doubt this are burying your heads in the sand.  Eventually the manipulation runs its course.Bernanke keeps putting off the end game by kicking the can down the road but the day of reckoning will eventually get here and let me tell you it will be far worse on that day than if we had taken the pain and let the too big to fail, fail!!!!  We are still 15 trillion less whatever Buffet paid in debt.  We still spend $1.50 for every $1.00 we take in.  When the printing press money stops bolstering banks that have no revenue of their own and actually gets put into the economy there will be chalk boards with this hours prices on them every where you turn.

Check out www.theenergyreport.comIndia and China may begin to pay for Iranian oil using gold...  Which means a drop in the USD and a move upwards in gold.

I am going to get drunk this weekend and pull out the rest of my Gold Crowns.   Maybe I can get enough money to buy myself a new fishing boat, LoL...

Try eating that gold when times get tough. Who will want to buy it?

Notice a lot of these quotes below are from 1-1.5 months ago.  Notice their predictions.  Notice their failure.

Gold is bearish......Whatever u say!!!!!!!!

Never bet against your own country.  Take a dive gold diggers.  Those who bought a few years ago will be selling at lower and lower prices to take profits.  It is a pyramid scheme just like housing and oil.

Gold bugs = Loss. The bears are taking over. Take a look at the LONG term charts on Gold. You will see a cycle. This is the beginning of the next cycle.@Chucko The very inflated price of gold is what discourages the masses. There is no reason for gold to be $1500 much less $1000.

Russia increases it's gold reserves; Khasistan (sp) will buy it's own production for the next three years: do we see a trend here?  I think 'the word is out' and something is up - where the value of gold is not really on the market anymore. It may be there for it's 'show' sake: but I think bankers of the world are in agreement to control gold, then hoard it. The fiat game is ending; time to circle the wagons.

@ Greg...  "Want to make money at home?" How about "try our plan and end up LOSING YOUR SHIRT AND YOUR HOME, at home!" Be honest and fair - you could lose just as much as gain profit; but you won't give THAT in your introductory "hook". Still it doesn't hurt to try to SKIM a few customers from such a margin as this comments section, huh?!?? "Learn how to make your own fortune trading gold." Sounds a lot like: "Learn how to make your own fortune selling real estate."Personally, I think gold still has room to increase in value. In time, it should top two grand an ounce - but only those who own PHYSICAL gold and are willing to stay in the game will get there. Lots of fish in the Sea. And you want the guppies in swimming with the Barracudas. Sell baby, sell....if you think we can print money to get out of problem...look for $5000 gold and $2500 silvernot that the money will buy anything....the traded prices will make todays look like 1920's

Want to make money from home? Ever thought about trading? Heard of gold in the news every day? Want to take advantage of all the action? Google "Gold Trading Academy" and buy our videos and learn how to make your own fortune trading gold from the comfort of your own home.

!yo amo oro!

agreed ..patience

Penny gold mining stocks can return tremendous profits as the price of gold moves higher. Bonanza Goldfields, BONZ, is one stock to invest in here.The company's new C.E.O. was a director at the U.S. Mint. Gold production is expected to begin soon at the company's Tarantula site. The news should move the share price to the .25 range.Read the recent Yahoo news.Google "Dr. Madan Singh". He is one of the company's employees."Penny stock today. Dollar stock tomorrow."

When those holding gold lose everything else and expect that metal to be valuable; how will they all sell at the same time and to whom??

Real gold cannot be manipulated now.

Buying gold will not pay off in the long run. Stocks are a better investment because they gain in value over time gold does not. The only thing gold collects over time is dust. Even if the market tanks it makes it a buying opportunity for smart investors. Even if the monetary system fails another one will be created to take its place. DO NOT BUY GOLD OR YOU WILL GET BURNED! just like the people who bought it at the $2000 peak.

Gold &amp; silver have been used as currency for thousands of years and will continue to be used as such after paper money is deemed worthless.

Gold should continue upwards in 2012 as the chart and indicators look strong plus the economic weakness of so many countries, people will continue to stay into gold for protection.Gold went up over $1700.00, and yet Yahoo! keeps the chart flatlined and the figure from Monday's selloff - which indicates a loss which has just been erased. Quick to show losses and slow to show gains: sounds like some kind of a program or policy to me. I think this is a 'marginal' influence, constantly applied, to discourage the masses from getting into or staying in gold.Does this constitute a bias?

I sold all of my dental crowns in August...  :-)

i have a question are gemstones worth anything

I hope gold crashes so hard that these gold bug's will lose big time....