It seems that bribery is a human trait not unique to Indians.

If the Indians cut commercial relations with Italy .... Italy would resemble Greece !!

Problem isn't with those offering a bribe it's with those expecting and accepting them. To even have your bid considered it is virtually always required in India to cross the palm with gold They know that, and if not careful all key suppliers will be on the black list.India needs to sort out its own procurement process before accusing others.

This is a no-brainer ..... the Italians have taken the Indians for a ride on the Marines issue.Cancelling the Westland contract is the perfect message !!!

India? Isn't that where the chick has a dot on her forehead, and when she gets married her husband scratches the dot off to see if he won a taxi, a convenient store, or a hotel?

The capital of corruption has suddenly become Mr Clean!

As India is on a path to cleaning up is government its defence department should also be joined in the exercise. When one bribes or accepts bribes to procure defence equipment, merit becomes the casualty in the exercise.Indian soldiers and its citizens and territory become casualties in wars because the equipment purchased may not perform to specifications. If it did, then no bribe would be necessary to make whatever the equipment is attractive.Each MP who votes against the Anthony proposal ought to be targeted and harassed out of office. If not now then at the next general election.

Don't bar Agusta Westland and lose out on modernization again! Need to separate the crime from the machine, just go ahead with the deal and sue Agusta Westland for malpractice.  That way we'll have the helicopters and punish them financially for bribing...its a win win!Dear  St. Antony - just being a saint won't do, you need to be honest and effective.

any kind of military or huge deals accompanied by bribe , as simple as that ,they aren't the first or the last , be realistic , naives .

This isn't a dilemma, it's a problem or an impasse.