It's the right message;  hope he follows through with it.  I like him.......

This is a non-poopy Popey. Two things I wish this moment: He will follow through on his first thoughts and that the Church will back his austerity plan.I won't hold my breath for the second one.

Religion isn't about money. Money corrupts if it isn't used properly.

He sounds like his heart is in the right place...having a poor church may not set too well with some of his followers considering the history of this church.  Helping the poor is a great idea, though.

The Church should do this, the Church should do that. Who is the Church? It is made of of individuals who come together to form a body. Each individual should be doing something to help with all the problems in the world

I bet his message of poverty sent shivers up a lot of cardinals necks. I'm a lapsed Catholic but I have a feeling I'll like Pope Francis.

Sounds like a good man.

Washington DC should adopt this same goal.

I'm protestant, and even I'm impressed with what is being said of Pope Francis.

The Church is the largest non governmental owner of real estate in the world.

Pope Francis would never make it as a Fundamentalist Minister..."Oh, how I would like a poor Church, and for the poor." This is wishful thinking. The clergy would assassinate him if he tried to give away any of the church's treasures to help the less fortunate.

Meanwhile, the cost of his red shoes could feed a family of 10 for a month in the Philippines.

.........  Pope Francis wants Church to be poor, and for the poor................The Vatican has large investments with the Rothschilds of Britain, France and America, with the Hambros Bank, with the Credit Suisse in London and Zurich. In the United States it has large investments with the Morgan Bank, the Chase-Manhattan Bank, the First National Bank of New York, the Bankers Trust Company, and others. The Vatican has billions of shares in the most powerful international corporations such as Gulf Oil, Shell, General Motors, Bethlehem Steel, General Electric, International Business Machines, T.W.A., etc. At a conservative estimate, these amount to more than 500 million dollars in the U.S.A. alone.............................Franky baby, I don't think it's going to happen......

For Pope Francis, I will use the title and his name -- to me, he has become, even in this short time, more than "the pontiff," because he does NOT "pontificate." He TALKS. He evidently THINKS. He freely blesses and affirms NON-Catholics. He appears "conservative" in the old and valuable sense of pulling his own weight, stating genuine thoughts rather than the party line, appearing to value the gospel over "Catholicism," and discouraging pomp. Color me favorably impressed with the papacy for the first time in decades.

Lets see if he lives up to those words and pushes everyone forward to that goal.

How do you help the poor if you are poor?

People just cant be happy...Even if he could not OPENLY speak out against what happened in Argentina, he could jhave done a LOT of good 'out of view"...If he had been more outspoken, what if the result was the death of ALL priests in Argentina and worse horror perpetrated on Catholics there?It is like critizing those people who silently helped runaway slaves in the USA or escaping jews in Europe during WWII, etc....sometimes one CANT be outspoken, because to do so would be to DESTROY what you have built or trying to accomplish.Latky - critics ALWAYS speak from the SAFETY of their couches and such..If they were so 'against' such horrors, then why did they NOT go down there to help?

I think helping the poor would b good. Helping those in need arounf the world would also b good.

The poor will always be poor.

Less money, less power, less influence internationally. See what happens if he succeeds.I would be honored to take a 100.000 off their hands

Politics, church, schools or homes, we need morals brought back in. Maybe this is a fad that will catch on.

He wants the church to be poor, I guess that means everyone can stop giving them money now.

The Church hasn't been "poor" since the 5th century so I seriously doubt the leaders would know how to go about getting rid of the trillions of dollars it has accumulated. I'm not trying to be bad mouth the Church here, but I think the idea of a "poor" Church is a little short sighted. Dealing with the poor costs a lot of money.

The Catholic Church is one of the largest (if not the largest) land owner in the world and rich beyond the aspirations of Croesus. It seems to me the wealth is a very good or very bad thing depending on whats its used for and who it benefits. The Sacred Heart private school charges $27,000 a year for K-12 tuition. What % of the Churches wealth goes toward improving the bottom end of society? Perhaps very little in comparison to its overall assets. There is rational for a rich church when you look at the political aspects. Catholics are rabidly anti communist and I suspect they dont love socialists much either. To keep the capitalist machine running, you have to have hell on the bottom and heaven on top or everybody gets lazy and the machine breaks down. If you make the bottom dwellers clean, comfortable and healthy they dont have the motivation to do what it takes to climb out of hell. Hell has to be Hell! If you make hell bearable people wont try to climb out the sewer. So they have to maintain hell on earth, why? Because "As Above So Below". Heaven &amp; Hell, like Yin &amp; Yang; you cant have one without the other.

Whether the church buildings' belong to the Catholic, Baptist, Assembly of God, Lutheran, etc., they need to become less ornate. I understand the beauty of the temple King Solomon built, but,  His church is the people-not a building.   There is nothing we can build that will delight Him, save the  building of His Kingdom by spreading the Gospel of Jesus Christ.  We can only achieve building His Kingdom if we allow God to change our lives' to reflect the Lord Jesus Christ, His Son.

Hmmm....be poor, and help the poor? Thats a dichotomy. Can't help the poor if you are yourself poor...unless you're looking to be truthful in the statement.."I feel ya"

He's absolutely correct in that..... The church, once again, needs to remember that as well...

I guess he will sell of their trillions and give to the poor?

Pope has a lot in common with Barrack Obama, he want the United States to be poor and from what I can tell he is doing a great job.This is a man that loves Jesus Christ! I'm not Catholic but I'm Christian.  I like him He sounds like what any Christian church needs, a good caring teacher!!!

Did you know that the Pope literally has a golden throne?

ALL church's should do this. I am so tired of seeing so much money being spent on the decorations and buildings. HELP THY NEIGHBOR!

Having a poor church is fine, however, use the money for spreding Christianity and improving lives through enrichment of humanity.

I do not believe you can have both and help the poor. Takes money to establish and support chuches and the programs they need.

Coming from the leader of "The richest organization in the known world"  So,,, start passing out all the gold, gems, cash and properties and businesses  you've collected over the centuries, We all could use some of that wealth.

They need to start selling property and truly minister to the poor. It's ironic to be in slums overseas and even Mexico and always see a gold steeples church with marble floors....smh

that's that mean all the Cardinals will give up living on their posh estate?.....Don't see it anytime soon.

Im sorry, but a "poor" church cant help the poor.  If the poor could help the poor, the mexico, north korea, russia, etc. would all be thriving.  Instead, they are just flat out poor and miserable.

If he's serious about wanting the church to be poor I would bet that his health will suddenly "turn bad" in the near future and we'll be seeing another conclave.He's in the wrong job then because the Catholic Church may well be the richest institution on earth.

I wonder if he, like most of them, becomes Pope Genie Francis on Friday and Saturday nights.

Satan is the master of sarcasm and he has many servants on Yahoo.

Yeah, let's start with the Vatican!

Wow, he won't be around for very long.

Pray for the church !!  it has some very sick men in it and theblood of christ is on their hands

What about the give a person a fish and they eat for a day teach a person to fish and they eat for a lifetime? doesn't that concept matter anymore?

Have the dears given any thought to giant pinatas' filled with cheap trinkets, and gummy bears to pacify the club!?

The church is defined in America by it's 501(c)(3) tax exempt status.  Take all tax exemptions from church be they catholic or otherwise.  Non profits are killing this country.  Combined with large banks and banks that cannot fail we have become a nation of debt slaves.

If the church keeps having scandals, it WILL be poor.The idea seems OK to me!

Well so much for all the Bingo games!

At the rate the world is going most of it will be poor soon.

That'll be some trick.  The Catholic church is one of the wealthiest entities on the planet and owns more property than any other organization, anywhere.

Poor? I'm so poor I had to borrow 5 bucks from a homeless dude.

It's funny, when I've reminded Catholic patrons of the arrogance, pomp and circumstance of the Vatican and the former pope they've BLASTED me.  But now that the new pope is a huge fan of "self abnegation" or living in humility and giving, Suddenly all the Catholic patron's think it's just lovely.You use to say to me, "The Vatican deserves to be that way, the pope is the equivalent of God on earth.. etc etc"I don't get it.........Catholic people? can you explain?

I believe in God the Father, and God the Son. It's in them, that I put my faith and trust in.I don't believe in Pope. He's just a man.... like the rest of us.

My goodness, he sounds like Obama.

Actions speak louder than words.

Hopefully he wont be assassinated for his views by the real movers and shakers of the church.Oh no. This is not going to go over well with Republicans. They have been doing their best for decades to condition us to believe the poor are lazy, undeserving moochers. Now the head of the largest Christian sect is preaching that we need to serve these undeserving ingrates. That ain't gonna play well.

He can always do an obama on it and that will make it poor.

If clergy are paid, their income should be taxed!

I will not lower my standard of living just because someone tells me that i should feel bad that someone else down the street has less then i do.

That means no more divorce.

Call me when he starts the liquidation.

When Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece leave the euro is the Catholic Church going to be there to help them?

"Oh, how I would like a poor Church, and for the poor." Talking about the largest, richest, most corrupt corporation on earth, like that'll happen.

From the spiritual sky, Such sweet memories have i To the spiritual sky How I pray

Who is kidding whom the world love its own this man is not going to be loved by the world. But that does not matter because of the truth.Exactly how would a "poor Church" look?  How would it differ from today's Church?  Let's see some specifics.

Gold covered robes, 50% off. If you have been shunned by a church for not putting enough in the basket, this contradiction is for you.

How about Yahoo News being truthful, for those readers in search of the unbiased truth?

that will never happen.  they are among the riches churches, if they sold half of what they have hanging on the walls they could feed alot of hungry poor people, but don't hang by anything important waiting for that to happen.

Actions speak louder than words and I will be watching to see if he is lip service or not before he gets my respect.

They keep paying hundreds of millions of dollars for their abusive priests and they'll be poor soon enough.

sounds like a great first move - distribute the churches trillions to the poor....he just might get lost followers back - then go after pedo priests and let them marry already then he might even get me back

I am an atheist, but if they want to give away their money, I am big enough to accept some.  send it to this address..............

If he and the church were for the poor, they would be helping to promote birth control in every way.  Overpopulation is THE largest issue causing human suffering.  Get this church out of the Dark Ages.

I think it's a little more complicated than he knows, but nice try anyway.Now watch American conservative "christians" start to speculate on whether a pope can be impeached

OMG, a pope that actually holds true to what Jesus said about what the church should be... Now watch the American conservative "christians" start speculating on whether or not a pope can be impeached

Well that won't work...the Catholic Church is the oldest corporation in the world.

I'm Catholic, but I'm completely lost at this pope's focus on money and worldy things.  More important than focusing on money why doesn't he focus on getting rid of the pedophiles that are driving people away from church and religion.  We will have a lost generation of Christians and he is focused on money.

All talk.

Nice message but I have to wait and see.In America, politicians who have promised to protect the people too but they always do the opposite.  The bankers brided the law makers to create laws to their favorite, robbed the people and caused the economy downfall;Nobody went to jail for their actions."Whale trading" was very recently actions.....There is no justice on earth....  Is there a god too?

He wants probably the richest organization in the world to give up it's acquired wealth , he won't  last long.

don't worry he gets a taste of that air conditioning he gonna change that tune..you betcha..

Isnt that what St Francis wanted?  Good luck with that now days ...sad

To all those who hate the poor and adore the rich...  The wealthy control an obscene amount of the assets in the U.S.--the top 1% now control more than 40% of the nation's wealth--the greatest gap between rich and poor in U.S. history. Our country is becoming an oligarchy--ruled by the rich.The Vatican bank will allow this to happen the day pigs fly.

That's socialism at it's root. Making people poor while they make themselves richer. look at all their glorious churches, with it's adornments full of power. Christ said that he had not a pillow to sleep with and that we are to follow His examples. Example of feeding the poor and not making them poorer. Listen, brother and sister of the faith, open your eyes and you shall be free indeed. Christ has set us free to think with our minds and not our feet.The Apostle John saw "another beast coming up out of the earth, and he had two horns like a lamb (Christian) and spoke as a dragon( satan).  Rev.13:11.

Great idea. Hope the hospitals ,schools,orphanages and social services provided for by the church can handle it with less money. If not I guess they'll dump those on the government...probably means higher taxes.

I like Jesus juice and Durban Poison....maybe a bit of Phenylethyamine on the side...just to keep from gettin drowsy

Well then, let's get rid of Vatican City, also let them pay their fair share of the tax burden, if they are to be poor, by all means let's assist them.....

The tags sale at the Vatican starts at 8 A.M. next Saturday morning . First to go will be all the artwork the Vatican owns .You can talk about a poor church all you want . But I'll believe it when I see it . He may have good intentions but he'll never be the head of a poor Church . They've had 2000 years to collect money and artwork . The hierarchy of the Church won't give up their lives of luxury so easily.

Not for nothing is his namesake Il Poverello.When Francis himself had his original epiphany in Assisi, he gave his money to a beggar.Then he discovered that he had a few more coins in his other pocket, and chased after the beggar to give him those.

Blessed is the Catholic Church: for their billion communicants will continue to happily look the other way and rationalize their leadership denying and abetting child sexual abuse.  The final beatitude.  I wouldn't be Pope Francis for anything.

Now we're talkin'.   Time for a giant yard sale at the vatican.   Pass out the gold.  I'll believe it when I see it.

So far, so good. Wait and see, now.Pope - serve the poor yes - control their lives A-Z no.

So he wants to force socialism onto the church.

The pope sounds like Pelosi. She like to see everyone on welfare. according to her, its a good thing. Everyone's poor, everyone relying on the gov't.

His message is not going to go down well with the Vatican establishment. I smell a scandal or assassination on the horizon.

Every cardinal who touched a child should be in prison !Any one who help to hide this evil man is no better thenthe man who he is hidding

DONATE EVERYTHING, keep nothing.....

The catholic chcurch is one of the five richest entities inthe world.  Why ? They don''t helpthe poor, they create the poor.

The headline says he wants " the church to be poor".These Reuters journalists have no idea what they're talking about.  The Catholic Church has assets greater than any other institution - enormous land holdings and so much gold, silver and precious stones.  More than you or I could imagine.  Every church and cathedral in Europe is filled with wealth.  That's not going to change.

This Pope speaks words that many Catholics may want to hear.  In reality, time will show that one man will probably not be able to undo a power and money structure that has been in place for hundreds of years.

This works for me----I'm perfectly happy not to give one cent to the church.pope should be careful, that's dangerous talk, poor church, I mean following Jesus words...like.. ,when asked by a rich devotee, how do I   get to heaven, after  Jesus asked him does he honor thy father and mother and all other question ,where he had said yes,then he told him "give up your wealth and follow me" and the man could not.so be care full papa you might be in 4 gothefather;;;

Poor? I'll show you poor. I'm so poor I had to hire 3 illegal immigrants to keep my mansion clean. Now thats what I call poor!

there ya go get a bunch of poor people to take care of poor people. We could do that here in the US everyone below the poverty line could take care of all the other people under the poverty line . Hear that Obama ???

The Church should be poor, religion is not about money but they sure as hell collect A LOT of it.

Guess what, he'll be lucky if he's still alive this time next year, the last Pope who talked liked this lasted 45 days until he suddenly died.  The Vatican does not do poor.

How perceptive. It seems hypocritical to serve the poor, raise funds and have to ignore needed services and charitable acts, when the church has millions in precious metal and jeweled artifacts, altars, etc. Then, there are the costly trappings of office this pope has shunned. Although I appreciate the history of such, I must think Christ would be appalled at the gold inlaid cathedrals, other structures and general expensive, garish trappings that accompany some aspects of the church. Simple wood structures would likely be more appealing to the humble son of a workman, who preached self-sacrifice, love for others and that the meek would inherit the earth.

Many , many churches are in dire need of a new roof which they have to finance on their own. These churches are typically in poor neighborhoods and are CLOSED because the Vatican has a policy whereby each church has to sustain itself. Thus , the poor have no church or have to commute exhorbinate distances to attend services The Vatican is sitting on trillions of dollars while the poorer parishes are trying to survive on pennies..Okay Pope Francis , you "talk the talk" now lets' see you "walk the walk". You can start with St Mary's Church in Pittsburg , PA which was forced to lock its doors several years ago.

Want the church to be poor?  Hmmm, not an easy fix.  When Christianity was set up all followers were required to give 10% of their income to the church.  You'll need to eliminate that constant income stream but given it's written in the Bible that might be taken as a command from Jesus and the faithful will refuse.  The other is that the Church is the largest non governmental owner of real estate in the world.  As long as it holds that the accountants will always throw a few extra zeros on the books.  When an institution is structured to gather and hold money it's kind of hard to make that institution poor without fundamentally rewriting it's charter.  Given a whole bunch of people think that charter is the word of a deity that's kind of difficult.

Republican Catholics seem to think the central message of Catholicism is to oppose abortion. They ignore the fact that the Catholic Church also opposes the death penalty and supports policies to provide aid to the poor. Say what you like about the Catholic Church but if you profess to be a Catholic then you have to follow ALL of these teachings, not just be against abortion.

I think we'll definitely see some simplification with Pope Francis, which is great! The main wealth of the church is in things like the Sistine Chapel and Pieta and other very valuable art works. They cost a lot to keep restored, so I guess he could lease out some of the art or something, but museums usually just loan to each other. There are some precious metal chalices and such, but will they melt such works of art down for the cash?The Vatican is not cash rich. It has an annual operating budget of $260 million, which does not place it on any top 500 list of social institutions, and it has run in the red several times lately. Non-profit Harvard University has an annual operating budget of a little over $1.3 billion, "which means it could run the equivalent of five Vaticans. This is to say nothing of the corporate world. Microsoft in 2002 spent $4.7 billion on research and development alone and has annual sales of $293 billion. On the scale of the world's mammoth enterprises, the Vatican doesn't rate."  Still, costs can be cut and money given to more poor.The church does a far better job than expensive government bureaucracies in caring for people. The Catholic Church operates the largest non-governmental educational and welfare system in the world. The Catholic Church operates worldwide 68,119 kindergartens, 92,971 primary schools, and 42,495 secondary schools. The Church also runs 5,558 hospitals, 17,763 dispensaries, 561 leprosy centres, 16,073 homes for the aged, chronically ill or disabled, 9,956 orphanages, 12,387 nurseries, 13,736 marriage counseling centres, 36,933 education or social rehabilitation centers, and 12,050 other kinds of charitable institutions. Assistance is given to Catholics and non-Catholics alike. For example, although only about 1.6% of India’s population is Catholic some 20% of the hospitals are under the auspices of the Church. The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops helps settle between one-fourth and one third of all refugees in to the United StatesI may be an atheist, but this guy is at least trying to make the world a better place.

To help make the church pure and poor, the church should sell its gold, land and art and give it to the poor and start over.

Well then your highness you got lots of money to give away. The Vatican is one of the richest entities in the world. hate to tell you but the controlling interests would never allow such benevolence.. You'd be putting yourself in jeopardy

Wrong, being wealthy makes it easier to provide more resources, especially today. It's not 1 AD anymore and many things have drastically changed.

sounds good.. talk is cheap though, lets give him a chance and see if he is really a man of his word

The church should be poor and remember that its mission is to serve the poor?  That's a switch!  The Catholic church has allowed the rich to think they could buy their way out of Purgatory by contributing money for building huge churches.  The poor people have had to let themselves be even poorer by giving what little they could while raising their half-starved kids.

If he is sincere, then good, I'll believe it when I see it.

Anybody wanna bet the Vatican doesn't give away it's land, gold, art, or money to the poor people of the world?

THE MASSES ARE growing maudlin... We'll know he's "truthful, with goodness and beauty" when he begins self-flagellation all in the name of the poor. The poor? Just open up the Vatican's bank and the poor will take care of the rest... Gotta love the Pope!

"it should be poor and remember that its mission is to serve the poor."   So, who should wealthy Catholics give their money to if the church doesn't want it?  I guess it depends on what their definition of "poor' is?I hope he switches to "helping the poor to help themselves".  Who does the Church consider poor?  Would like to see a definition.

We'll see what happens,the first telling indication that things are going to change is when the first child molesting god fearing priest goes to jail,a real jail.

A POOR CATHOLIC CHURCH? I'm starting to see a lot of cardinals and priest resigning. Then again, I hope Pope Francis truly reforms this church.

lol.  I can tell already that this is not going to be a popular pope among insiders.

I like this Pope.

A pope focusing on what Jesus really said. Now that's a surprise.

Well for starters, they could sell off all of that stolen Inca Gold that I saw covering the altar in the Sistine Chapel the other day. Gold and jewel encrusted chalices and ciboriums and crosses that the Pope could barely carry. And what about the billions of dollars worth of ancient Roman statuary housed in the Vatican collections?  I am sure that museums and private collectors would love to have those items; why does the Church need them?

There shouldn't be multi million dollar Churches,and Cathedrals when there are people who can't afford shoes.That is not what God wants.

Tax the Mosques, Churches and Synagogues

Anthony Quinn, The Shoes of the Fisherman had the idea first.We have obama here who serves the lazy poor.

The Church should be poor.  Francis may not be with us for long.

I think Francis is just what the Church needs. Cardinals did well.

Let's see him get that thing rolling.  All the good intentions do nothing without action.  So, is he going to order the sale of church property.... like the art, property holdings, etc.; and have it given to the poor?

the "religion" of slaves. Thanks fema! Its called the.... clergy response team. It actually pertains to all faiths.

I have often wondered why the church needed all that art and gold. Maybe the church will be kind enough to let people see some of the art that they have been collecting over the years.

looks like the new Pope doesn't realize his job is to collect silver and gold from fools

I know that it won't happen, but I wish the critics would give this Pope a chance. I think that he is making a good start and I am encouraged.

I wonder how much he could get for the Popemobile on eBay.

This is funny to see because the Catholic Church is just another big business!!Sounds like he's too single minded. Theirs more to the church than the poor.

with talk like this, he is likely to meet the same fate as John Paul I

Hey kids,One thing we all can count on with Pope Francis is that he's going to be TOTALLY FRANK with the world.That's a joke.However, I applaud his concern for the poor.  I think he's off to a good start.  He, like all religious leaders, deserve our prayers.

Quasimoto predicted all of this.

The annual revenues and expenditures of the Roman Catholic church are staggering in size.

And I would like to fly around with or without a cape.  Of course is there any possibility of that happening?

" Pope Francis, giving his clearest indication yet that he wants a more austere Catholic Church, said on Saturday that it should be poor "EIther this is complete bull, or this Pope will unexpectedly die from undetermined and suspicious causes in a very short amount of time. I don't think his immediate peers would tolerate the downgrade.

Francis is gonna hafta get ready for a fight if he wants the church to be poor.

Well said!

A simple gesture that could clarify what the Church is capable of, would be for Pope Francis to open up the Vatican books, and conduct a full, public audit and inventory.  And it would be wise for all the dioceses and orders of the Church to do likewise.The guy is a creep!! in charge of the creepiest organization on earth!!!!

OK,for now on, he should give up his armored vehicle and travel around on a donkey.

CHRIST is central!  Pro- Life!      Two reasons why; Libs will Hate him!

Wonder how long 'til Obama gets all jihad on him.

A good way to start would be by paying taxes.

Poor?  Does that mean giving up the so-called "Shoes of the Fisherman" custom-made by Prada?

But the bad thing is, the Church has so much money, it will never be broke. And it does not always help the poor and weary folk, no matter the country.

"remember Jesus is the center of the church, not the pope".....I like this guy already.

The Church's mission is to "preach Christ and Him crucified."  Christ came only for sinners, be they poor or middle class or rich!

So, the church is going to start selling off their art and historical treasures?  They are going to reveal how much money they truly have in that bank of theirs?  They are going to reveal those hidden manuscripts that they have kept secret for millenium?  Yeah, right.If you are a leader of any religious group you should condemn evil deeds and the people who do them no matter who they are. This isn't done by any religious leader today because of money. I hope this Pope will lead the way.

Help the poor but still demonize gays.

I hope he keeps cooking his own meals ... Or get a taste-tester. Poison will be added if not. He committed a grave sin by defying the 11th Commandment etched on the bathroom walls at the Vatican: Feed to Swiss Bank accounts. Feed the lawyers who hide our secrets. Feed the insurance against lawsuits. Feed the cycle of Gay priests. They're already preparing his cross. I will pray for him.

will never happen the rest of the Catholic Church is to used to living like kings

If it went back to the church being responsible for the poor, think of all the problems that it would solve. 1 to get help you would need to be connected to a local church. 2 You would be seen every week by local people who would KNOW if you refused to do work that was offered. 3 The church can't print money so they would be doing their best to find you work or they would go broke.4 The church won't pander for votes.

The liberals are all like, "Hey, pope...that's government's and liberals' job.  No fair.  We got food stamps."

I hope he is successful in making in a change to an institution that is so far from biblical principles it is more of a business than anything else. But I disagree that journalists should focus on anything but the very real, very harmful, very shameful abuses and the fact that the church has protected the abusers, foresaken the abused, and enabled the abuse to continue. When the basement is so full of dirty laundry that it starts crawling out on its own, it is way past time for a major clean up.

This is the biggest lie iv'e heard in a long time. Sell Vatican City see if that works; or just see how far that idea even gets. The Roman church has ALWAYS been about money. Where do you think they got the funds to build all those huge churches.

Rumor has it he will sleep out back in a tent to sympathize with the poor. One of the Oak Ridge Boys had a 2 million dollar house and slept in the backyard in a tent.

The church is not only poor, a this point, it is morally bankrupt.Who are they going to give all those riches too? The poor? Really could care less. I have as much moral authority as de pope, just not as many fans.

So what is he going to finally start giving all that money to the poor we been sending since childhood? I do hope so...the biggest turn off for me was the priests living like pimps!...and the child rape.

The haughty Catholic Churvh austere and poor!!!!!----As Jphn Wayne says "Tht will be the day" !!!!

Good vision, but with hundreds of billions in riches and assets, it's gonna be a long time before the 'Church' is poor.  Perhaps they should start at the Vatican.

If that is the case...why is the church the biggest real estate holder on the planet?

The real powers behind the throne won't be pleased with that attitude.

A poor church is of no value to the poor.

He wants the Catholic Church to be poor? He won't last long as pope. Religion is about fleecing their dumb sheep out of their cash, and selling them a fantasy of immortality in the process. Someone on the inside will kill him.

I'll believe it is a church when they dissolve the Vatican city-state and quit being a political entity shielding pedophiles and bank criminals behind the Vatican walls. Anything else is just smoke and mirrors.

I like this guy. He remembers Christ's message to us... take care of each other.Why should clergy be paid.  They can hold down a job like all the parishoners.

FynixStop trying to justify the excess and corruption in the Catholic church.By your diatribe you are obviously defensive.For all of those who have not gone to Rome,as I have several times, it is evident where the money is going.Charities are mostly tax havens,what they get and what they produce are light years away. It is easy to say we have done this or we have done that but as a percentage of the take it's very little. Charities are a business shielded by not for profit and charity tax mitigations. For the most we have no idea what is going on as they do not submit reports and accounts.When was the last time the Catholic church published their balance sheet.

is he going to divest the church of it's billions?

What planet is this brother from?  The Catholic Church ain't poor -- never has been!

If popes wouldn't go to poverty-stricken areas of the world where people make $100 a year, and tell them to keep having babies, there wouldn't be so many poor. Of course then there wouldn't be as many church followers either, and therein lies the rub.

If any church is to go forward it's best to put god first !Not the protection of the rapping and the evils that this church has let hide in its own walls !These young boys were rape by the very men who claim to be serving god !  and that is what worries me !  to sin in the name of the lord is still a sin !  and until this is all taken out of the church no one will feel any healing  start the removel of the men who sinned againt both the children and the lord god !

I don't care what changes the pope makes in the church. Religion and the church has always been, and will always be, a scourge on humanity. The sooner beliefs in fairy tales and mythology fade away, the better off we will be.

Actions speak louder than words: I noticed all the gold and jewel trimmed robes, I am sure that a poor family could be clothed and fed for years for what one of those robes must have cost.

May Our Lord Bless this wonderful Pope and may HE give him the strength and courage to clean out the vipers in the Vatican and throughout the church.I would hope before Easter he expels and strips (defrocks) each cardinal, bishop, monsignor, priest, brother who is a pedophile, protected pedophiles and gives the records and files to the civil authorities for prosecution. Francis 1st must do this to rid the church of the predators.I pray his mission is a long one and not cut short as Papa John Paul 1st wanted to do the same things and they killed him.Lord Protect Papa Francis.Pax

Well a poor church helps nobody. A stingy church helps nobody. The Catholic church should use it's wealth wisely and do more for the poor. I have no problem with their having a beautiful Vatican and artwork. This is nice for the tourists and pilgrims to visit. Clean house. Get rid of the pedophiles. Allow marriage of Priests (Jesus didn't tell the Apostles to divorce their wives). And finally stick to the other strict diciplines of the church.I remember an newpaper article a few years back about the head of the Catholic church in Salt Lake City, Utah living in a million dollar mansion way up on the mountainside. Shame on him.  All Churchs would be poor, if they conducted the charitable work of the one they supposidly worship.  The Catholics and alot of other churchs should be taxed as business because they squander wealth for those who run them. The Catholic and LDS churches fall into that class.

I have never been more excited about being a Catholic.

To bad he won't be around very long.

I live in the south. When hurricanes hit you dont see the catholic church helping like the other religons. Just an observation, they seem to be missing in time of need.

Wants the church to be poor what a joke the Catholic religon is one of the wealthiest in the world they own stocks in just about everything imaginable.What are they going to do share the wealth like Soetero keeps suggesting we do?

This new pope had better hire a food taster....The rest of the poperi will try to eliminate him....Look for a sudden heart-attack or fall from a balcony soon...

and the pope said kiss the ring on my finger laddie and you will be blessed , and the young boy said yes father ,and then the boy said but father thats not your finger

I like this new Pope. He speaks the truth.

good luck there, padre.  Most of our male priest are over-weight and totally well-situated in their luxurious life style.  They have forgotten what are they here for.  The Sisters on the other hand are doing good jobs.  Use them instead.

Pope Francis wants Church to be poor,call bernie madoff.good to know that they are letting Jesus back in.

I like this Pope.  I hope he has the werewithal to see things through, and the energy to fight the courrption in the Church's bureaucracy without being ground down.

What i never understood up to this very day this huge churches when people are starving to death if you need help and go to the nearest church and asked for shelter no that's not going to happen they will call the police and not the rock band either all that money wasted on stuff not on human beings

Hmmmm interesting words from the new Pope but lets see how he goes about pushing his agenda against the rest of the Vatican. Also in addition to remembering Christ is the Church and not the Pope this new Pope needs to clean out the pedophiles from their midst.

I can almost see the Catholic Church divest itself of the trillions of dollars of prime real estate it owns world wide. I can almost see them scrap all the gold gilt off of all those cathedrals. Nice speech...don't believe a word of it.

well, I guess they will be selling the Chrystal Cathedral (55M) now right?

Wishfull thinking!.... Hope springs eternal!!!!!

I'm one of the lucky Catholics I suppose who is going through day to day life as a Catholic without it being any hardship on me. I hear stories which to me are as fantastic as stories of Santa Claus about priests molesting kids, or women unhappy that they are women because they aren't able to be priests for the mere fact that they are women, or Gay people who want to be accepted and are unhappy they are not but none of those issues worry me. I hope everyone gets what they want out of being Catholic because only when you do will you feel happy as a Catholic like I do. I'd like to suggest you try other paths if you think it will help you such as: Buddhism, Hinduism, Judaism, Islam, Protestantism, or Atheism. Catholicism isn't the only game in town unless you are a Catholic who can handle the Truth.

Well in 33 days will we all be wondering who the next pope will be? John-Paul just talked about going to Disneyland and suddenly met his Savior. I lot of Italians won't want to see the Vatican razed and replaced by a Walmart.

Churches should be poor instead of being worth billions all while letting children go hungry.  Good for him.This might not be pretty.  It's the right idea since the guy did pay for his own room, but I imagine there will be alot of guys in red hats just cringing right now.

As I catholic I'm extremely glad that there's finally a pope who is willing to truly embrace Christ's teachings of austerity. Jesus did not live in luxury, quite the contrary, so it's about time the church recognizes they should do the same.And for all the people who are still choosing to criticize him because that's all you know how to do, well, look in the mirror and tell me how perfect you are..

I am not Catholic, but I can sincerely say that this man sounds incredibly great and seems to be following the true Christian ethic.  Poverty before riches and helping our fellow man. Hallelujah!

If priests continue to molest children and the Church continues to hide the perps, he's going to get his wish on the "Be poor" part of that.

Then why doesn't he spend the trillions the Catholic Church has to help the poor. Also he (the Pope) could eliminate all the church restrictions which affect mostly the poor such as birth control. Why not allow women to become priests? Why not allow secular priests to marry?

I.am.liking.this.man.called.Pope.Francis.

I smell a really big garage sale!

God bless this man. He is just and honorable.

hmmm, you start taking away the riches of the vatican peeps who've been living like kings and someone's gonna put arsenic in your oatmeal.......

At the rate the evidence of pederasty is becoming available, and the proof that the American Catholic church hid this evil and effectively protected its defilers, the church WILL become poor!Stay out of the political arena pope Francis and Pray for peace everytime you kneel before our God, you are a jesuit who has vowed poverty, move from your marvelous quarters int a more humble place....actions speak a lot!PoPE or not!

Another way Pope Francis is keeping the Cardinal's on their toes; he has already risen the urinals in the Vatican by 6 inches.

Pope Francis wants Church to be poor, and for the poor.. That's like saying Chris Christy is going to be fit for the fit and active crowd in America.

I can already see that he and Obummer will not get along... especially when it comes to vacations.

Why to serve just the poor and not to serve everyone?  When did it become a "crime" for someone to succeed and become financially comfortable by their own hard work and talent?

The Church will poor soon when tens of thousands of more raped kids come forward and demand payment.

The left seems to think only poor people are good.I will never understand that.Rich people donate billions to the poor. I'm starting to get tired of people acting as if the rich are evil.I think the poor are not helpless ( at least in many situations) and instead of demanding everyone give handouts, and governments giving handouts, let governments give education to people. I don't feel sorry for the poor in the US, they have it all at their fingertips. Lets expect more from them instead of enabling them all the time. I don't mean this cruelly either.

Pope Francis -- with this line of thought (would like for the Catholic Church to be "poor") -- needs to either change his mind -- or -- plan on being Pope for a very very short period of time!

Say Francis, if you are in the sharing mood, you could send a check or two my way.  Heck, I'd even take some priceless icon or relic!

Don't worry, the Curia will bring him into line might fast. wealth stays in the Vatican.The Pope and Obama could be contestants on a game show to see which one can run thier respective responsible entities into the ground fist. POOR NEVER HELPED ANYONE HELP OTHERS!

When did a poor person ever give anyone a job?  This pope is a nut case that thinks that poverty is an accident and that virtue and poverty are the same thing.

What we have to do is teach the poor how to care for themselves not give the more handouts.

He sounds too good to be true. Hope he is for real. If so, he will make a lot of Catholic s happy.

What a proposal to evict those that serve themselves from the golden palace and sell it?  Great idea.  Use the proceeds to pay off all the sex abuse lawsuits.

well talk is cheap--is the vatican going to hand over its trillions of dollars to the poor countrys ---hell no------

good luck with that one popey poo, you are surrounded by a bunch of old women who like their comfort

He stands there in his silk robes and tells the church to be poor? C'mon!!

This guy is digging his own grave faster than I anticipated.  A Catholic church moving towards poverty and serving the poor (rather than exploiting them)?  Are you kidding me?

He seems like a great guy.Nice message.  Unfortunately, there will be no true peace until Christ returns...men are so full of themselves because want begets want even at another's expense.

When Pope Frances was supporting the wealthy dictator ruling class ,was this hypocrite thinking of the poor people of Argentina ?? Just more Vatican BS !!!

That should be easy enough. Go down in the basement of the Vatican and have a yard sale! They should raise about a BILLION dollars in two or three hours.

If the Catholic Church paid the little boys that were molested by priests, they would be poor.  Homosexuality runs rampant in the Catholic Church and the church just turns its head like it never happened.  And why are the good Catholic parents of these little molested boys not suing the church??????  Could be they are and the churches slim lawyers are covering it up!!!!!  Come on MEDIA, do some real reporting!!!!!!!!!

In later news, first pope ever to be fired

But not if you're gay. Sorry Jesus didn't mean it when he said do unto others as you would have them do unto you (unless of course they are gay.)

Catholic Church Net Worth:  Unknown, however estimated at $14 Trillion.  Yes, $14 Trillion.  It has amassed real hundreds of billions in real estate, tens of billions in art, and trillions in cash.  However, it still takes money from the poor.

Poor is good.

My mother was catholic and my father was baptist. So, does that make me a cactis?

what is he going to do with the  child molesting  going on and the cover up ( will he turn the list over to police) till this is all out in the open I have no faith in themC'mon, give the man a break!  He's only been the Pope for less than a week.  Don't pre-judge him!  Let's see what he DOES as Pope, not what people think he MIGHT DO!

Hopefully, Francis will follow through and the billions and billions at the Vatican will be used to support the poor.  One of the things that has always bothered me about churches is how they spend so much on their buildings while the poor are giving their much needed money to the church.

Wow! Already, he might want to calm down as I don't think poor fits the establishment only the vocabulary they use to accumulate wealth. He might not be around very long and be subject to a mysterious illness!

I am impressed. Finally there is a Pope who are aligned with the poor people of the world. There is some hope for the Church.

Newflash to the Pope: A wealthy church can help the poor. A poor church cannot. In any case the church IS wealthy. It's real estate holdings alone are worth hundreds of billions of dollars....

If the Catholic Church is so poor, why are so many its "Princes" (Cardinals) living in palacial digs and driving around, or being driven around, in such expensive cars.

he's poor as he only has one lung. so he knows personally what it is to do being air poor.

Ya, that's because the poor usually are uneducated. The uneducated are less likely to point the finger at a person of percieved importance, like a priest. Even if that priest raped their child. That's why this pope was chosen, due to his origins. The 3rd world countries are all the catholic church has left. Everyone else is disgusted by them.

HA HA HA HA. Yeah good luck with that one. If the RCC sold off all the treasures it's accumulated over the centuries it would have a hell of a time giving away all that money.

What a joke the ctholic Church is filthy rich and always will beSo presumably we will see the Vatican selling off its gargantuan collection of treasures and art to help poor people?Damn, those pigs are flying low today

Where does it say in the bible you have to be poor,Humility and poverty are two different things,

this will change the church.

i think i really like this man......Hope he lives long enough to make the changes.

The cult of the Roman church is already poor, from paying off the many victims of pedophile priests.

uh oh, that's what John Paul I advocated and they took care of him in a hurry. Bet we have another new pope soon. Remember: they tried the messenger but the out of control power mongers are still carrying on.

This Pope may well prove to be a leader who's influence extends beyond the Catholic church. Many Protestants like myself have grown tired of all the church money being spent on preachers and those TV evangelists with 10,000 square foot houses and jet planes while the poor (those Christ himself championed) get so little attention from the church. Pope Francis is a breath of fresh air.

Coming from the most evil ,corrupt religion on earth ....better watch out for more lightning strikes.....

Yea POPE why you are RICH...What A FOOLISH statemate

The last pope who seriously tried to reform the church died a sudden, mysterious death. The vatican mafia may have to act soon.Wasn't he named after Francis Xavier, not Francis of Assissi? And I don't like how they're so quick to bury the stuff about the Dirty War; something smells really bad here...Still, he seems less corrupt in terms of personal morals than Ratzo. I always had to laugh at the guy in the fabulous fur-trimmed robe with the weiner-hat and disco stick telling people gays are the source of the world's problems. Projection much?

He gives me hope in a cynical world.

I'm not a Catholic but I really like this man. Once again I take issue with the "1.2 billion Catholics" in the world. Being an ex-Catholic I can guarantee there are many more ex-Catholics than there are Catholics. &amp; no, this does not at all mean that I hate or even dislike the Church. &amp; I happily accept his blessing!

It would be great to see his walk support his talk.

good luck on that one...with all these law suits get it a year or so...

I hope someone in Congress brings this up next time Catholics like Paul Ryan and John Boehner are trying to cut funding to programs to help the poor. They love to wrap themselves in their Catholicism when it comes to abortion but shed it like a lizard's skin when it comes to policies concerning the poor who they like to portray as lazy moochers.

I's not catholic and I have nothing against catholics or most other religions it bugs me that their churches are so opulent as is the Vatican.  I mean really, is all that necessary?  Oddly, I agree with Pope Francis.  And I also don't like that it's a city onto itself.  That shows an enormous amount of arrogance and very little concern for the common person. Certainly not what they preach.

""Right now, we don't have a very good relation with creation,""  Conceptualizing the environment as "creation" is the best way to ensure that relationship maintains fractured.  Supernaturalizing the human experience makes it IMPOSSIBLE to understand and value humanity's place in the natural environment.Then we have this gem:"I told you I would willingly give you a blessing. Since many of you do not belong to the Catholic Church and others are non-believers, from the bottom of my heart I give this silent blessing to each and every one of you, respecting the conscience of each one of you but knowing that each one of you is a child of God. May God bless all of you,"What a haughty and passive aggressive way of saying "you're all wrong and I'm right."The only promising thing I've heard about this new pope is that he wants the church to be poor.  Go ahead and donate all the church's richest to environmental organizations. Donate the buildings and churches to civic organizations to be used as homeless shelters and affordable housing.  Stop issuing stupid edicts about homosexuality and same-sex marriage.  Shut down the whole bureaucracy and with the very last of the church's money, take out ads in major newspaper's around the world simply saying "We're sorry."

Obama wants everyone in the US to be poor. He, and the Democrats, will keep raising taxes, imposing more fees, and force us to pay much more for health insurance.

This pope is another moron that equates poverty with virtue.The Christianity basic teaching is taking care of the poor  ! not living in a mansion .

Jeese and I thought Every Churches Job was to help build relationships with God

I respect him for shunning the trappings of being the Pope. Hopefully, he can maintain his stance while in power.

wow, can't wait until that happens!   Can't see the Catholic Church doing that, butit's a good idea!!!!!!!!!  Start now!!!!!!!!

The right Pope at the right time. He truely walks in th footsteps of the Lord. Poverty and humility allow one to seek God without the baggage of abundance and corruption.

How about seeking and saving the lost by preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ which is why the body of Christ exits?

Each morning when he has his BM he always thinks of the poor !!

A poor RCC?  That'll be the day!

I'm starting to like this Pope.

The message that St. Francis of Assisi received from Christ was to " rebuild HIS church". Francis at first thought that he was to rebuild the church that he had been praying at. He realized later that Christ meant the Catholic church that was having serious problems. That was Francis' priority to rebuild the Catholic church, help save souls through preaching and teaching and then to take care of the poor. I think Pope Francis needs to rebuild the Catholic church first.yeah right....

YES! Empty the coffers, take those billions in the Vatican vaults and feed. cloth and shelter the poor. But do so without dangling the carrot of God/Christ concepts for the poor to chase in order to get the help they need. Do it because its the right -humane- thing to do, not because you think its what your God is telling you to do.

A Pope with Christ in mind - INCREDIBLE!!!

With all the people leaving the church in the last few years, it won't be very long when the church will be poor.  It is really sad when the people can't even trust their church.

As a born and raised Roman Catholic, this is very heartening and encouraging.

I will believe it when he sends all those corrupt cardinals to forlorn destitute parishes for good

talk is cheap

Blondie proves the old (bad) joke about dumb blondes. As for those of you who don't seem to grasp the concept of a poor church aiding the poor, I imagine that Francis means a church poor in ostentatious material things like pectorals made of gold, one that uses its income to aid the poor. As to the form of that aid, I also imagine that the church is able to run job training programs as well as give direct aid. As a disclaimer, I am not a catholic nor a follower of any deity.

Funny that Boenner and Ryan didn't want to go to Rome to meet with the new Pope; maybe they really don't have much in common and don't want to discuss Ryan's budget.

ahahahahahahahahhaahaha  Oh, you're serious, let me laugh harder  AHAHAHHA HAHAHAif the church was poor like Jesus no one would go

Unlike politicians and Social Security Administrative Law Judges who believe they should be rich and the poor should die and go away. 2197 Harithy Drive, Dunn Loring, VA, Owner: GREGORY M HAMEL, Land value: $224,000, Building value: $500,970, Total value for property: $724,970, Land area: 2,746 square feet, Sale price for most recent sale: $857,000.

The new pope sounds like a marxist communist.

HA !! HA !!! This is a joke !!! This fat pig slopped at the golden hog slop tourgh for years !!! He even supported the wealthy thieving corrupt enslaving murderous former dictator of Argentina !! Just another pretending to be man made god !!Help the poor ?? HA !! HA !! Hypocrite !!!

I'm already poor. I can help them out by accepting some of their cash.

a very noble sentiment ...

It is good that the chruch shold be poor. Please send the money to me. Tks.

I think this Pope is sincere, but I also see many joining the Church to get handouts and it won't take long for a rich church (and I'm not saying it should be rich) will be poor.  Obama and Bush have provided the blueprint for the church to follow to achieve the Pope's stated objective.

So, after a couple of millenia, the church, sitting on it's hoard of treasures wants to help the poor?  why now, and not before?  I was born a Catholic but that is a church, not a religion.  When I read a little bit of non-sanctioned literature and found out about their history, I rejected them, eventually.  I try to live a good life, based upon the 10 commandments (a reasonably good personal code of ethics)and I try to remember some of the good words, attributed to J C - "suffer the children", "let he who is without sin cast the first stone", etc...,  Those are good words and even if J C was misquoted, they are still applicable in today's society.  New pope?  Good for the faithful Catholics but he has no bearing upon my spiritual self.

Good, start giving away all that gold and billions of dollars.Pope Francis 1st urged journalists to seek "truth, goodness &amp; beauty." and a journalist said; and the least of these is truth.

How about a pedophile churches for the pedophiles?... ooh right, already have those.

I agree with this Pope- this church or any church should not be a church for the rich alone..... Nor should our country be for the rich alone as one political party would have it.

The church has to become more progressive to survive and attract younger people. Thoughts on contrcetion,priest marriage and divorce has to be visited.

Returning to their palace-homes from the Conclave, a whole lot of Cardinals are looking to their servants, exclaiming: "What the hell did we do?"

How long will it be until Fox News calls him a no good, Obama supporter liberal?

I would consider voting for a republican if: They were pro choice, pro gay marriage, and work to reverse the war on drugs.

That movie was already made, it was called, "Shoes of the Fisherman", with Anthony Quinn.

Well - then - if he is giving away the thousands of trillions of dollars the "church" owns === here I am. I am the po-est of the po = and not a catholic as he wants them poor.

I don't really care for the Catholic religion but so far I like this guy's style.   The fact that he didnt use a limo  and paid for his own room.  very good start.Me thinks, better men have tried.  It's extremely difficult to change the spots on a corrupt group of old self serving men.

When you consider the Catholic Church has more money than God I would be willing to bet the Cardinals will never allow the church to become poor. Everything in Catholic Religious Society is money driven including confessions. Suicide is forbidden in the Catholic Church unless your family agrees to pay for your suicide sin in cash to the church. All divorces for Catholics cost a set sum of money to buy your way out of sin. I cannot see Catholics giving up that kind of cash flow. Catholicism is the richest religion on earth and being the Donald Trump of religion they will never give up their addiction to money. In America, the Catholic Dioceses receives a huge sum of money from the US Government to promote charities for the poor are they just going to walk away from that money too? I doubt it. And what of the poor? They will have no where to turn for help since the GOP expects the Catholics to take care of the poor and the unfed. The GOP refuses to help the poor in American saying it's up to the churches. This is going to be an interesting year.

This pope has just signed his own death warrant.

This Pope is right:  The church should be poor and for the poor.  That is why the Body of Christ exists.  Too many churches are wrapped up in their building, their programs and attend church once a week as a "feel good" motive.  That is not what God's people are about.  We are to love the Lord with all our being and love our neighbor as ourself.  Our neighbor is the world.  We are to clothe the naked, feed the hungry and visit those in prison.  Also, we are to make disciples for Christ, baptizing them in the Name of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit.  That is who we are as His Body and His Church.

I think he is right,our church is buying buildings,always asking for money,and asking us for authority,to take money right out of our account ,i am going broke being Catholic.

I wish him the best of luck with that. He could start giving away that church's riches and he would never finish because they have more money than God.

The Vatican city state, if you go by its size, is the richest nation on Earth.  Most of that money is from gold and artifacts stolen from people throughout history.

My understanding is that he advocates for the poor though free will and charity. He does not advocate for socialist theft.  If this is true than he is a man of God.

So will the American Catholic conservatives now start screaming socialism? He is talking about redistribution of wealth an all.

He wants the Church to be POOR???? That's NOT biblical.GOD wants us all (and all Christian believing church's)  to PROSPER.....What's wrong with this picture ( statement) ??????" he wants the church to be poor " Ha, as if that will happen. lots of luck there

good plan! he wont survive to see it through though!

I wish our leaders appeared to be so humble instead of selfish!

I Wonder if the Catholic Church will Ever say they are sorry for Publically Endorsing the Nazi Party Durring WWll ?

Step down anti-pope Jud en ! As for whats left of the riches of the Church that you want to get rid of , tell that to the hundreds of thousands if not millions of families who gave to Holy Mother Church through out the ages for PRAYERS answered and MIRACLES received !!!The communist masonic pyramid of lies is DEAD we just put the last nail in the coffin .Make your restitution there is no time left. REPENT and do PENANCE !Full sto ry online. Todays Catholic World.

When  I was a Methodist we prayed to the Holy Catholic Church. When in the past greed drove Catholicism until Luther we must understand that a church with Christ is better than news of pedophilia or gay from those who would defeat Christ's truth which cannot be concealed, all the world must grasp Muslim  and  the Jew and Native American that  God's plan for man for the unification of everything on earth, in the universe and heaven is in Christ for us

They already help the poor, to the tune of millions. It's called "Catholic Charities".

He wants to dispense the money? Sell the plundered gold? Hey, is wonnerful', wonnerful', just looka my baby, chips, chips!

I'd like to just him *try* to put the church on an austerity footing. They've spent the last 1700 years collecting all that wealth, possessions and power. Not to mention the repression of knowledge over that same span of time. Wish him luck on that one!

Nice job Yahoo. I honestly enjoyed the presentation of this article.As for the new Pope I wish him well in his duties as a world-wide religious authority. I am not catholic, and I appreciate that he recognizes those who are not with the best of blessings, rather than fervent condemnation. Historically all christian religions can trace themselves to catholicism. A theological family tree, if you will. That is why even though I paractice a different form of christianity, I still look to the Pope as a leading figure in christianity and respect his views and wisdom.Dont worry.....the Fed/IMF/G20 is planning an across the board poor status for everyone soon enough.Good newsThat 1 percent and 1/10th of 1 % wont be having much fun either especially when there is nothing to rule over anymore.

well at least he is for 99% of the world

Finally, a Pope that that knows what his job description is.I would suggest selling some of their donated land holdings  and use the proceeds to buy homes for the poor, the elderly, and the disabled.

What! And raid all that treasure and art and money they have horded for centuries? WHO DOES THIS GUY THINK HE IS? a CHRISTAIN OR SOMETHING? The dudes robes rings and shoes would feed a family for a year.

I thought this guy taught math? If the church is poor how can it take care of the poor?

protect the poor, by getting or helping them a job.....not welfare...human nature will abuse it.

he's a Argentine nazi

The amount of bigotry in this country against anyone not protestant or white is astonishing, it is hard for me to realize it was even worse a generation ago, man this country has a long way to go

When he said that hundreds of Billion in New Donations by the Suckers was made this morning.

If they want a poor church, they'd had better sell off all their luxeries.he knows who the pedophiles are.there is a known list,if he turns the list over to authorities and removes these monsters from the rank and file of the church i will once again have some confidence in the roman catholic church,until that time i wouldnt even consider sending one of my children thru the door of a catholic churh

Extortion.  Tell a poor person that if they do not give to the church they are sinners and will go to hell.

This Pope had better beware - rocking the boat too much may cause him a premature "heart attack" a la John Paul I.

The new Pope seems like a fine man, but his notion of a poor Church filled with poor people is absurd.  God does not want his people to be in poverty.

In a way a church is a socialist organization.  Quit paying the clergy first.

Isn't the Catholic church the most wealthy of all religions?  I know it owns much land and buildings and everything it does seems to revolve around money and grandeur.  Although it does do a lot of charity work, I suppose.

I hope Pope Francis follows through. I believe his message is absolutely correct. I will pray and do everything I can to help him succeed instead of carp on the obvious resistance he will meet and past sins of the Church. Looking forward to a much leaner and focussed church

I'm a Baptist Preacher and I already like this guy.

We will never end poverty. Jesus said we will always have the poor. I don't think jesus mean't it in a money matter way. i believe he meant it in a spiritual way(lack of belief)

I might start going back to church now with Pope Francis in charge now.  I like his style."The Pope of the Pampas". (I just copyrighted that, so don't use it without my permission, please.)

The last pope who wanted to ditch the excess baggage wound up dead in bed.

So much poverty and vows of poverty.

Catholic Church poor NEVER ,

History says that outspoken popes have not done well...

Will they demolish the $1,000,000 plus church built by cardinal Mahoney in LA, a symbol of the catholic church's humility

May God give Pope Francis strength in the coming days.

(the Church) "should be poor and remember that its mission is to serve the poor."Tell that to the TV evangelists and the mega-churches that have the million $ facilities.

Obama can give this Pope some lessons, he has been doing a good job on making America poor and increasing the number of poor too.

Amen! This man seems like he will be just what the world needs right now. The first thing he did was sneak off to be alone with Jesus. People need to hear the "Good News" which is the Gospel of Jesus. This man has that personal relationship and is a man of his word. He took a vow of poverty and he paid his own hotel bill, carried his own luggage rather than be served; he took a servants attitude and he was kind and thanked everyone.Hallelujah, God gave us what we asked for just when the world needs it most. But then that is God who is good all the time and Emmanuel, God with us. He cares and he loves us.Big organizations that get poor, tend to disappear.

"Pope Francis wants Church to be poor, and for the poor"?What kind of lies is this when the man is wearing fine silk ropes and living in palaces.

How ridiculous: to be a top contributor on this site, you can't receive thumbs down.  So, if you have a bunch of right wingers spewing nonsense and a bunch of right wingers giving the spewer of nonsense thumbs up, the nonsense spewer becomes designated a top contributor.  Clearly, I'm not destined to become a Top Contributor.  BooHoo.

won't be long before the church mafia takes him out

SELL all of that treasure and give money to the poor, for them to use as they need to.

Dear Pope Francis,Since you want a church that is poor, you can start by wiring all of the church's funds and cash reserves to my personal account and while you are at it, maybe you can ship me some of the artwork in the sistine chapel.  This would be a good step towards attaining your goal of a poorer church.  Thank you for your kindness and generosity and I hope I can help you again in realizing your goals in the near future.

I like this new Pope Francis more and more with each day that passes.I am literally SCARED SHI*LESS for the man now.I hope we don't read in the near future that he has mysteriously died, he is taking on some VERY, VERY POWERFUL AND WELL ENTRENCHED BUREAUCRACY inside the Vatican.Power is NAKED POWER.

That's a controversial stand - what next, banning the diddling of young boys?  The priests will never stand for it.  (And if there are altar boys around, they physically won't be able to stand...)

Francis... If you truly want to help the billions of poor, start promulgating population/birth control... other wise quit being a hypocrite!

Catholic Charities here in the U.S. (and worldwide) helps people and is second only to the federal government in helping people with money, food, clothing, assistance, medical supplies and bills i.e. social welfare programs. They have billions that they help people with.some cardinal is going to Off the pope if he keeps talking like that! Just look at the billions the church has....

So does that mean that Francis will stop worshiping Mary and throw away the dagon hat...

I hope he can achieve that, but those cardinals and bishops love their gold and power that they hold over the poor idiots who toss their hard earned money into that collection plate each week.

The catholic church poor?  If they cashed in 1/3 of their... assets... and provided that to feeding/clothing/housing the poor... what a wonderful world this could start to be.  More looting and bloodletting has been done by the catholic church...I can hear God now.. shaking his head and going Oy vey!

Careful there, Poppy...the church has ways of eliminating troublemakers!

Does anythone get that he said the Church should be poor?Not the members of the Church?So all of this false alarmism is pointless.But it is well understood, and not only by Catholics, that materialism is an obstacle to spiritualism.By definition.That greed, envy, jealousy, and covetousness are sinful.And as Christ instructed his Apostles to take what they have, give to the poor, then go and teach all nations with only the clothes on their backs and lunch in their bags.So many clergy take a vow of poverty, and many of the faithful in a whole spectrum of denominations try to live the simplest life.Easier said than done.

Yes, The Pope wants USA to be poor too!Right?The way things go, it's going to be very easy!Comments?

If you want to see REAL intolerance on display, read the Yahoo posts from Fundametalist Atheists.

"Should" be poor. There's that word "Should". I should be a billionaire but that's not going to happen either.

This means they intend to ask more from the free dioceses in the US and France. You see, countries like Germany and Ireland have State religion. That means the church's budget is determined by the tax rolls and legislation in the government. If the Vatican wants more money it has to go where there's no state religion like the US and France. There not going to get it though because the church grows smaller not larger.Pope Francis should let congress and Obama take over the church if he wants to go broke as quickly as possible.  They seem to be doing a great job of that.

Hope Pope Francis can get tough on places that oppress religion. China oppresses religion. China is a terrible country.

thats how they managed to screw and exploit the indigenous people all over the world by lying to them that being poor is holy why they stole the land and amass wealth and real estate. Catholic church is the riches organization on this planet.they get free money every sunday, think about that, no taxes, what a reap off. can't believe governments all over the world allow these crooks to dupe them

You need money to help the poor!

He is no different than the kook Rev MOON who took everyone's meager assets and told them being poor was a good thing. IT IS NOT A GOOD THING! WAKE THE HELL UP! The church just wants to control you and what better way to do it than keep you down and take your goodies for their own opulent use like the best of food, real estate, clothing and many trips. The pope never has worked a day in his life. He just goes around shooting the chit to people and telling them that being poor is a good thing........up is down........down is up.....right is left.....and left is right kind of thinking.........Don't fall for this BS. It'll make you mentally ill and create a soul sickenss in you so deep that no one will be able to save you.

They want to join in the 47th%? The church don't pay tax so they might as well.

I'll believe it when he sells the mercedes pope mobile.

Gold and Silver trinkets all over the place, Mammoth Marble everywhere you look and find linen. Y'up, its amazing what they'll say and or do when it gets down to being part of the poor. We'll see how it goes!

He needs some expert advice from President Obama on how to make his dream come true. I guess they'll start by closing all the cathedral and churches in the wealthy neighborhoods,maybe sell the buildings or use them for low income housing, make the wealthy attend the remaining poor churches. I'm sure the priests will understand the pay cuts and pension losses to support the poor. Sell all the treasures the church has been saving fro centuries. A truly noble idea that Jesus Christ would be proud of. Let's wait an see.

This guy is digging his own grave. The Curia will not allow this. They will not allow change. He will not be the first Pope to be killed by the Curia.WWJD?  Jesus says, "sell it all and give it to the poor, or you have an impossibly small chance of getting into Heaven".  I know a handful of people who are like this.  They are sometimes happy, but usually hungry , smelly, incoherent, and destitute.  But after a few dozens years of "suffering" on Earth, they will spend hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions and billions and godzillions of years in Paradise while the rest of us experience all of Eternity somewhere else.I wonder if they would get enough from the sale of Vatican City to settle all the child-rape cases and cover-ups?

There's a lot truth to what Pope Francis says here in the article.Happiness is being poor, it certainly doesn't come from being rich.Also, I would like to see a smaller Church as well!

The catholic cult. What a joke!!!

It may be the church of the poor if they start acknowledging all the past abuses and pay restitution for all the crimes committed over the years. But, it would be a step in the right direction if they actually do.

a "poor" Catholic church.... that's about the funniest thing I've heard coming from one of the biggest land-owning institutions on the planet

sounds like old-fashioned christian communism.  what jesus would have practiced before the catholics and calvinists took over management.

A few more years of payouts on child molestation lawsuits, and the Catholics will be as poor as church mice.

This man appears to be a "gentleman" just as the One he represents! He promotes relationship more than religion which separates people. God's definition for religion is found in His Word. James 1:27 "Pure and genuine religion in the sight of God the Father means caring for orphans and widows in their distress and refusing to let the world corrupt you."Apparently this Pope is going to do just that! My prayers are with him.

Vatican Yard sale !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Key words are...Jesus is the center of the church, not the pope (or priests, bishops, saints or Mary) but Jesus teachings are the only teaching we need to know how to be saved ...and we can know we are saved according to the words of Jesus!  I hope the Catholic Church comes back to the realization of that truth...the truth that was held near and dear by it for the first 500 years of its existence.i wish the man luck, would be nice to see the Church act like a church instead of graven image worshiping moneylenders and pedophiles

I think that he new Pope is setting a course for the church that is finally more in line with the original intentions than we have seen... maybe ever.  Remember that he has not even been installed yet.  The proof will be in what he accomplishes.  We seem to always be in favor of what some temporal world leader professes before they are inaugurated. yet the Christian religion is apparently the continuous target for attack, regardless of what it says. It would be a relief for Christians to receive (for once) the same amount of respect and consideration that they always seem to extent to Muslims, Jews, Buddhists, followers of Krishna...etc.

""Poverty was in the crib and like a faithful squire she kept herself armed in the great combat Thou didst wage for our redemption. During Thy passion she alone did not forsake Thee. Mary Thy Mother stopped at the foot of the Cross, but poverty mounted it with Thee and clasped Thee in her embrace unto the end; and when Thou wast dying of thirst, as a watchful spouse she prepared for Thee the gall. Thou didst expire in the ardor of her embraces, nor did she leave Thee when dead, O Lord Jesus, for she allowed not Thy body to rest elsewhere than in a borrowed grave. O poorest Jesus, the grace I beg of Thee is to bestow on me the treasure of the highest poverty...."-- Francis of Assisi

the seattle archdiocese has hot lunch program for the poor, but the sign on door says only those over 65 or younger than 18 allowed in.

"Francis of Assisi, for me he is the man of poverty, the man of peace, the man who loves and protects others." ...So does this mean he is going to go after the pedophiles in the church?

Obama wants the same thing !! Were they secretly talking?...oh...wait..the pope wouldn;t pay $500,000 to visit the annoying-ted obama !!

This Pope appears to be a good guy and a class act ........Now if only the Republican Neo -Cons in this country would care for the poor instead of loving only the rich.

Maybe there is hope for the Catholic Church afterall.. . maybe the new Pope is for real... we'll see when he starts auctioning of the billions in assets the church has and starts actually giving it to help the poor.. wouldn't that be a welcome change of pace????

I am very impressed with this Pope.   We need more leaders like him.

If you want a "poor church" and to "do something for the poor", why don't you go out and hire a bunch of high-powered lawyers and start undoing all the #$%$-up laws that the RICH, WEALTHY ELITE corporations and their FAT CAT BANKERS and INSURANCE companies have foisted upon every nation on the earth. Drive the "MONEY LENDERS" out of GOD'S HOUSE. He does live *everywhere* right?The eternal message of the church : Keep 'em POOR, keep 'em IGNORANT, keep 'em in FEAR, keep 'em feeling GUILTY, and they will remain SERVILE.

If the man is not careful, he will get himself assassinated by the greedy in the church.

A good start would be to sell his $52,000 + ring and feed some people that could use it.  Cleanhouse and really serve his followers.

Good luck with that. Or maybe just good PR?

Write me a check. Problem solved.

How funny is that! The worlds largest bank should go broke by giving up all its ill gotten gains it has taken. Dont see it happening!

Now that's a Pope what a way to start of his leader ship, sweep that broom baby, get rid of every single one and start from the ground up if you have to!! God bless Pope Francis!!

I guess that he's not aware of what happened to John Paul the First... just sayin'.

This is the kind of humility that is needed in Washington.

We do see some people here who advocate the Vatican selling off the contents of its churches and museums.By that logic, the United States could help itself raise money and reduce the deficit and national debt by selling off, say, many of the items in the Smithsonian.Not to mention the priceless contents of other exhibitions.Plus the real estate in D.C. now devoted to parks and monuments.And, for that matter, making a deal for Disney to buy and operate the National Parks.'I'm just waiting for the triple-crown papal tiara to show up on e-Bay.Also plenary indulgences.You're too late Pope Francis.  I know you've walked through the Vatican.  Hundreds of millions of dollars are contained therein in the museum, statutes, paintings, etc., etc. That does not give the image of being poor or working with the poor.  Plus the gazillions that have been paid out of the overflowing treasury to settle sexual abuse cases and money still floods the Vatican.  Try that poor approach on someone else.  I have visited the Vatican, even though not a Catholic.  That philosophy would be a hard sell to anyone that has ever been there.  Interesting place, but hoards of money all over it.  Try another approach, something sensible.  I wish you well!

its the right message.... but im not too sure how willing the rich churchs we have now will enjoy being poor

When will he be opening the vatican doors for the homeless to live inside?

"I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours"    Stephen Roberts

Wow...I am at a loss for words..I am a follower of Christ who has viewed the Catholic church with contempt all my life..to hear this pope talk of helping the poor and embracing austerity, as well as seeing him silently bless non-believers is quite shocking and refreshing...wow.I wonder if he will use the vast wealth of the church to follow through??...

I am not Catholic by any means, but a Born-Again Believer in JESUS CHRIST And HE IS THE HEAD OF THE CHURCH. As CHRISTians, we are to seek HIM First, see HIS WAY THAT IS ONLY RIGHTEOUS and HE will take care. Money cannot take care of us like THE LORD GOD, but it has its place, just not in front of or up with HE WHO Sits On THE HIGHEST THRONE. JESUS, THE SON OF GOD IS ALIVE, HE IS WELL And HE IS COMING BACK, SOON IN ALL HIS GLORY : )

We can feed the world on just what Rome owns. I like this pope. I got a good feeling.

A church that cares for the poor? That is almost christ like!

Pope Frances is not a man of God....I would not beleive a word he says...he can owed down to his Pagant Gods...pray to his dead saints...this man has a criminal complaint against him for kidnapping and associated with death squads....this man not be believed..pitiful

Apparently if I want to get lectured about my beliefs by the clegy I can go to church and if I want to be lectured about my beliefs by Atheists I go to Yahoo.Mathew 19:24 "And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God."  These are the words of Jesus.  And most of you here in US worship money (republicans do it in the name of Jesus of course).  I too like this pope so far and I am a lapsed catholic too.It is hard to respect hypocrites, and too many clerics and politicians are just that.  Interestingly Koran teaches just the same with respect to money, and look at all of these Arab potentates.  People will corrupt any noble idea or religion to gain power and make money.

For perspective, from the Gospel of Matthew, the beginning of the Sermon on the Mount:•Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. (Verse 3)•Blessed are the meek: for they shall possess the land. (Verse 4)•Blessed are they who mourn: for they shall be comforted. (Verse 5)•Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after justice: for they shall have their fill. (Verse 6)•Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy. (Verse 7)•Blessed are the clean of heart: for they shall see God. (Verse 8)•Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God. (Verse 9)•Blessed are they that suffer persecution for justice' sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. (Verse 10)

I'm not Catholic, but Pope Francis is in my prayers because of the influence he holds over so many people.  And to hear him more or less write off the typical extravagance found in the upper echelons of the Catholic church in exchange for being able to better relate to, and serve, the poor makes me like the guy even more.

Why do they need money?  Why can't they just use prayer?

As noble as it is to serve the poor (and the widows and orphans), the Church's mission is to seek the lost, poor or not.

It's harder for a rich man to get to heaven than it is for a camel to fit through the eye of a needle!!

He already does, walking, jogging, not taking taxis when he doesn't need to, and living in just a small quarters in the required building he must live in.

After (rightfully) speaking out against the moneyed interests controlling the church, I hope and pray he does not repeat the story of John Paul I  !!!!!

Great! We can all now expect Ebay to be flooded with religious Icons and swamp land in Florida.

Feed the poor, sell the vatican.I agree with El Papa

If he can move through what seems like true heartfelt sincerity,  it reminds me of the movie, "Shoes of the Fisherman",  which starred Anthony Quinn. Without any obstacles placed before him by the hierachy then I believe that we will all be blessed by what Jesus commanded us to do.

Well, good luck on that.

HOLY CHRIST! The new pope must NOT be a Republican. Is he a 47% er?

GOD gave his WORD to the human race freely and then the human race figured out ways to sell it to each other.

Why should just the Catholic church be responsibile for the poor, ?  Isn't it the duty of all of human kind to care for the poor?  The Catholic church  helps thousands of people a year through misssions, sponsroring churches  and other orginzations in developing countries, running soup kitchens, homeless shelters, hospitals, and the list goes on and on.  The St. Vincent dePaul Sociaty has strong ties to the church and their mission is to aid the poor and needy as well. They aid not only members of their churches, but anyone who needs assistance.  The church has a rich history, tradition, and yes alot of problems.  Pope Francis has alot of challenging decisions and changes that will need to be made, but until he has proven otherwise, we need to allow him to do his work.

Sounds good but, since when have the "poor" got anything from the poor. It's all cliche.

good.  i want my monthly 10% back from the church.i hope this guy lives to 110.

Obama wants America for the poor also.........

The church's focus on women's reproductive issue instead of social justice have led millions of Catholics away from the church, first thing is move out of the palace and get yourself a small apartmentPRAYER OF ST. FRANCISLord, make me an instrument of your peace.Where there is hatred, let me sow love;where there is injury,pardon;where there is doubt, faith;where there is despair, hope;where there is darkness, light;and where there is sadness, joy.O Divine Master, grant that I may not so much seekto be consoled as to console;to be understood as to understand;to be loved as to love.For it is in giving that we receive;it is in pardoning that we are pardoned;and it is in dying that we are born to eternal life. Amen

Should Tithe become illegal?That would make the church poor real fast!Comments?

A noble purpose. But the Catholic Church's power and arrogance in its world affairs and handling of the child sex crisis is its seemingly unbelievable unending money. They have bought off judges, bishops and even victims. And yes they are still more wealthy than many countries. No one, including the new humble? pope is going to give up al lthat money.

Notice how big corporations are touting their social responsibility now, like BP's ads about how pro-America they are, Coca-Cola selling in more "weight conscious" sizes, etc.?  Corps. are simply mimicking what the church has done for centuries:  offsetting their favored tax status by "helping" the less fortunate.  They're all wolves in sheep's clothing and only care about the hand that feed's them to the extent that the food will stop if they don't make it look like they care.

Oh, how I would like a poor Church, and for the poor."He could open up the Vatican vaults and give the historical items that the church has taken over the years back to the people.. That would be a nice start.

Is it just me or does this journalist not realize that refering to Pope Francis as "Francis" is disrepectful?  I like that he wants the church to stop being a billionaire franchise it has become and return to the message of Jesus that living with the goal to help the poor and those with less to improve their life on earth a priority.  The church in the US has certainly become controlled  by those with high finances especially concerning who can afford to attend their school system.  It was so much more reasonable when the nuns were the teachers and if you wanted your child to be in a school of doctrine it was possible for all.

I suggest canceling tithing, that may bring more people to the Roman catholic church!Comments?

I hear the talk,can we see the walk?

Good Advice --Obama and Michelle should take that advice.  They should be poor if there program policies are for the poor.  Instead of the lavish entertainment, vacations, style of living etc.  They should be living like the poor!

And so, this Frances fellow has been chosen by a nebulus deity called god, and now millions of simple-minded people the world-over are going to praise him and doubtless pray to him in the hope that their prayers will ricochet off the 'Chosen One' and be tangentically propelled in the general direction of The Invisible One, who is apparently everywhere, and who see's and knows everything...and in view of the latter, 'why then is prayer even necessary  ??This guy is slick.  He wants to relate to the millions who are targeted for government austerity measures he. Not withstanding the fact that the Catholic Church is one of the richest businesses in the world.  His empathy rinks hollow.

Ugh, there's that word again "austerity." That means less for you and more for them.

Churches and Pastors will tell you that they should be blessed or some garbage..build a mega church and generate lots of wealth from their followers..then when you ask they'll say oh I wrote books not used the church money.. oh your followers purchased the books.. Anyway they care more about themselves and living good than truly helping others..unlike Mother Teresa..she was real.

Yes the poor can help the poor! They both can be cold and starve together and praise god for their suffering. Makes a ton of sense to me. About as much as the religion it's self.

He wants the church to be poor? If he keeps this up, the catholic church will have this pope assassinated.

The Great Spaghetti Monster in the Sky, Oh Praise Thee is poor.

The bigest problem is the church its self starting at the top.people are abandoning the catholic church, churches themselves are going bankruptbecause they failed to serve the poor and middle class people, the new pope knows this.more and more people now realize as did mother therisa God helps them that help themselves, preyers are never answered, only coincidents,

I was raised Catholic, but I am an Atheist. This Pope is starting off well, but I believe he will face a lot of resistance from thoes who want to maintain the status quote. Money, money, money !

Poor Argentina never thought that English Bandits would come down and rob the Oil from the Poor Argentineans but the English Bandits did use their Military Advantage to take over Argentina's Oil Rich Malvina Islands. The English Bandits stole land from Argentina just like Adolph Hitler stole land from the Polish in World War 2. Pope Francis holds that England "usurp" the Argentina's Island. I second it. As an American I'm unbiased so I think the Pope is right on this.

Dead Man Walking.Oh, that comment will go over like a ton of bricks!

Communism originated from Christianity.

The Pope, wearing a fabulous vintage chiffon-lined Dior gold lame gownover a silk Vera Wang empire waist tulle cocktail dress,accessorized with a three-foot House of Whoville hat andthe ruby slippers Judy Garland wore in the Wizard of Oz, on his way to tell us it's Wrong to be Gay

I hope Francis is watching his back --verrrry carefully.  There are those in his vatican realm who would do anything at all --anything-- to assure their power and presteige.  He needs to remember that they had one of his predecessors murdered because he, John Paul 1, was planning to do some serious housecleaning.

The cardinals must not have questioned this guy very thoroughly. But then there is poor and there is poor.

I bet the other freeloaders weren't happy about the bus thing. And realistically, why do they need a limousine anyway? If anything there should be a church cars, like Zipcars for the church. And they should carpool, fit as many of them in each car as possible. Save money that comes from poor people.

he wants to make church poor !!!NO PROBLEMjust make OBAMA his Financial adviserDONE DEAL

I would love to see the Vatican go bankrupt. It is already morally bankrupt.

the best move he could make is to insist that all churches pay taxes...on the monies they collect from the poor as well as the rich...

#$%$? He wants every Catholic to be poor! Depicable POS he is. Being poor is the work of the devil" he wants a more austere Catholic Church, said on Saturday that it should be poor "Jesus never said people need to be poor. Quite the contrary. Jesus taught the people to multiply their good.This peeves me off. I hope the church caves.ha! ha! ha! that will be the day...it can only mean the cardinals will take the money from the Vatican and put it into their personal bank accounts before the whole institution collapses.

I'll believe it when I start seeing stories about the Vatican selling off the lavish paintings and other gold and bejeweled items that it has hoarded over the years and giving the money to be used for the poor.  Until then it is just words....I am not denying that he may be very well intentioned but we all know what the road to hell is paved with.

You are either poor, or you help the poor.  You can't be poor and help the poor.  The poor need help because they have no money.  How can someone without money help someone without money?

I pray for Pope Francis and thank God for this humble man to be with us. I hope ihe s able to  help bring us all back to the simple roots of Christianity and away from all the manmade doctrines and prejudices.

Lead by example. Give all the art and gold at the Vatican to the poor. WWJD Pope Frank?

wow got to love thatwhen the guy talks about poor church all of a sudden EVERYONE believe in GOD an Jesuswhat if he will spread the wealth only among God believers ???

They'll find a way to get rid of him soon if the keeps this up. They are all about Money, the real god of religions.

The Vatican has found that when people are poor, them eat less. When people eat less, them tend to run slower, and when they run slower, older priests will have less trouble running down, and catching ten year old boys....

he looks real nice wearing a dress!

And then he spat out flames and his head spun 360 degrees as he cackled and blood ran out the corners of his eyes, when suddenly Francis pulled out a crucifix and repeatedly and brutally jammed it up his a--...start selling all the vatican artwork valued at over 7 billion $. could feed a few people with that i'll bet

The POPE needs to help the poor, giving the a hand up, getting out of poverty. I know, 3rd world countries are be used and abused by its own people. Thats whays wrong, we have a divide in this country. The have nots against the haves. Thats what is being spewed........

I have long thought that the Catholic church was more about power and money.  They take a vow of poverty, do they not?

How sad.

Maybe he should become our President?

Can a Pope be recalled?  If they pay all the claims and the ones coming he will achieve this goal. If the church does not have any money then..... I would like to see a published budget.

That "serve the poor" message is really going to put Catholic Republicans in a bind!!

The first thing he needs to do is to update the wardrobe, to something approximating modern clothes.  The robes and satin and lace bespeak wealth and opulence, privilege and hubris.

A lot of cheap talk. Popes live in a mansion.

So in other words, the Pope wants the church to be the opposite of Evangelical churches.  They are all about money, and expanding their flocks for more money.  My brother is an Evie and he thinks helping the poor means building a church in their community.  Always an agenda.  Religion is for people with small brains.I'm not sure the RCC has been "modest" or "humble" since it was co-opted by the Roman Empire 1700 years ago. Can one man truly change "tradition" and get back to the simplicy of Christ? We shall see. High hopes.

A good start would be to make catholic schools accessible to Catholics. The cost of catholic education is so high, those of us who would like to send our children there cannot. Start giving back to the community.

Most priests align themselves to the rich and want to be treated like gods thank god for a godly pope !!! Put them in their place  francis...it will help weed out the icky ones..let them get married too then well be making real progress.

Go to any Catholic church in the near future and see for yourself if the donation plates have been removed. Never going to happen, besides how is the church going to help the poor.

"He urged journalists to seek 'truth, goodness and beauty' in the world and in the Church." Journalists care nothing for any of those. All they want to do is tear down. As a Catholic who is full of joy at this election, I'd love to read fair accounts without all the negatives. How about a little balance? The church serves the poor across the world NOW, and it does so more than any other church or organization. How about a mention of the thousands of Catholics who devote their entire lives to serving the poor????The anti-Catholic bias shouts in every article I read here.

He can write me a check any time he wants.

Oh if only his hands weren't tied...

Something tells me this Pope is not going to last long...........

Bless Pope Francis my God be with you and your work.

"When one person suffers from delusion it's called insanity...."? "When many people suffer from a delusion it is called religion."  Robert M. PirsigAwesome!!! Now if we can just take money out of politics..

What is the churches usual method of ridding themselves of a mistake?  How big, how strong is the opposition?

Does he have the authority, or can it be obtained, if none of the others are willing to go along?  Let the sides be chosen and the winning side seen.

Did ya get that deception remark there? Don't be fooled or you will be lost.

Give up all those Mercedes?  Never happen

cult = religion = cult

seems true with any organization, be it religions, charities, labor unions or governments.  sooner or later the mission changes from what they were orginally established to do, to simply maintaing the organization and its power for its own sake.  the orginal mission becomes secondary to the continued well being of the organization and its leaders and  degenerates to nothing more than sound bites, advertizing gimmicks and eternal fund raising.  kudos to him for at least recognizing that fact.

This man has a list of difficult issues to address and lead. There is a need to repair the house. His message seems simple and good; I pray the acts are just as good.

I have a feeling this man is going to ruffle a few feathers in the Church hierarchy. This will be interesting to see what develops over the next few years.

Jesus said;i have chosen the poor of this world; rich in faith.jesus did not say ;i have chosen the rich of the world ; who are  admired by mankind.money and earthly possessions mean nothing at all to god.The righ and the poor stand on the same level ground.Yeah he said that women are here to serve. The poor is everyone below them-the homosexuals, women (majority of catholics) on birth control and having abortions. I am so glad I am not of the catholic faith. They welcome pedophiles, rapists, murderers, incest perps, and yet them demonize homosexuals and women who are on birth control or have had an abortion. Go into a catholic church. Most of the pews are empty and when those pedophiles ask why, they still cant come up with an answer. Men!

If we could only apply his austerity philosophy to Congress we might have something.

Fascinating.  I get the impression that most of the people here are not Catholic, nor even lapsed Catholics.But they are making statements about the Church as if they had STDs.  (Doctorate of Sacred Theology, not the other STDs.)And when asked for the basis of their outlandish claims cannot offer or even look for any reliable sources.Which Aquinas called "vincible ignorance."Throughout, the impression is that if this story were about Judaism, Islam, Ethical Culture, Wicca, Greek or Roman paganism, or any faith, their hatred would be as mindless and shrill.But I will not take offense.Per the instructions given at the beginning of the Sermon on the Mount, as recorded in the Gospel of Matthew:Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.Blessed are the meek: for they shall possess the land.Blessed are they who mourn: for they shall be comforted.Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after justice: for they shall have their fill.Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy.Blessed are the clean of heart: for they shall see God.Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.Blessed are they that suffer persecution for justice' sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.

This is an outrage! We the church need our money to support our rich lifestyle!

Don't confuse the term "poor." You have the biblical term poor, and the every day idea of what the worlds definition of poor means.

Less is more.

"liberalism is a mental disorder"

Darn I was hoping for more pomp,more bling, more ceremony, frillier clothes and the return to Latin.  This "for the poor" thing got John Paul I into an early box.  So watch out Francis, keep your body guard near.

The only way to help the poor is for those that can to help themselves.  Give a man a fish he eats for a day.  Teach a man to fish and he eats the rest of his life.  Education is the only way to help most of the poor.  We need more doctors, nurses, dentists, and other medical care people. Changing from housing people in projects to having a mixed community brings up everyone.  Also needed is more manufacturing.  The United States needs to export.  The products coming from all countries need to be a better quality.  Work not handouts!

Wow, maybe this pope is for real!If churches, particularly the roman church, were included in the surveys of non-profits that give the highest percentage of every dollar to actual people or services, churches would finish dead last. They pay their priests well, they collect treasure, they use use gold and silver and rare bibles.

Find the pedophiles and lynch them.  That would be a good start.

I'm waiting for him to make his first denunciation of capitalist greed and the upward distribution of wealth. Let's see how long that takes.

Sounds like the Obama plan.  Poor government and poor people.

Lol the Vatican is the richest entity on the planet. Shows you the popes are clueless what goes on behind the scenes.

Bring back the Borgias lets get the Catholic church back  the way  it used to be.....corrupt pontificating, insectious fornicators.

He can talk the talk, but can he walk the walk? Get rid of the "pope-mobile" first and then I'll see.

Pretty AMAZING actually to hear the leader of a modern church actually talk about CHRISTIANITY.  Perhaps there's hope for the Vatican yet.

With that view point, let's see how long he will last.

If the Pope wants the church to be poor, then how can they help the poor? Be wealthy and help the poor with your wealth.The church has always been a force for creating poverty. It is easy to control peasants. It is easy to keep them that way by advocating NO BIRTH control even in overpopulated 3rd world countries that for the most part are 3rd world countries because they are Catholic.

The "Death Squad Pope" was a central 'spiritual' support for the Dirty War in Argentina.  He worked with various Right Wing groups giving Catholic Church blessing to a government crack-down on opponents.  30,000 people were abducted, tortured, and executed.  Catholic priests were assigned by Bergoglio to help with the torture, using confessions of dying people agaisnt them, and conselling torturers with the comfort that they were doing 'God's work.'  This man actively worked with the military, handed over lists of people to be arrested, even Catholic priests who worked in the slums and identified with the poor.  While Pope Ratzinger was in the Hitler Youth and the German Army as a teen, Pope Bergoglio was an active supporter of fascists as an adult.

When I find myself in times of trouble, Mother Mary comes to meSpeaking words of wisdom, let it beAnd in my hour of darkness she is standing right in front of meSpeaking words of wisdom, let it beLet it be, let it be, let it be, let it beWhisper words of wisdom, let it beAnd when the broken hearted people living in the world agreeThere will be an answer, let it beFor though they may be parted, there is still a chance that they will seeThere will be an answer, let it beLet it be, let it be, let it be, let it beThere will be an answer, let it beLet it be, let it be, let it be, let it beWhisper words of wisdom, let it beLet it be, let it be, let it be, let it beWhisper words of wisdom, let it be

I love the Christian talk "Glory, Praise, In the Name of, Anointed" and so on.  Do they really think by saying stupid words their mythical god will do anything for them?

Well, after paying off the victims of the church's sexual crimes they will be poor.

if they are poor who will give them the gabillion dollars they collect to put more gold and silver in the vatican

Well, with all of the massive lawsuits against them, that is certainly the direction they're heading.

The church poor?. JaJa. Richest cartel in the worl from medieval times.

and he says this while he lives the life of luxury with maids and servants too!!  give me a freekin break...You allow  the churches in the USA to beg for money and if one doesnt give they are humiliated......and when people do give,  you cry  that the church is broke......Let me tell you something pal, the catholic church has more money than the US treasury.....do you think we are that stupid to beleive your BS??My 20 dollar a week donation at mass wasnt good enough, you wanted 50.....sincerely,a born and  raised catholic who never steps foot in a church any longer..

Churches are a business--a really BIG ONE, in the case of the Catholic Church--and one governments subsidize using workers' dollars.He is a good man, but being poor may not be good for the church. People oppress those without any means to protect themselves. Study history. It is the reason why most people prefer not to be poor.

There's absolutely no way the Catholic--or any--church will CHOOSE to be poor.  That would contradict religion's very foundation, which is, to get people's money.  If Francis pursues this, he'll be excommunicated.

Christianity is fake. There is no evidence that Jesus existed.

Could help a lot of poor people with all that vatican Gold... i have a feeling Pope Francis won't be around long.

Well this Catholic Church will be poor if its priests continue to sex all the little boys of this world and find itself in endless lawsuits.

We should ask the pope if he agreed with what his colleague said that pedophile is not a crime but illness? Do you agree ? He also said he knew them, do you also know some?

This is what church should do. Maybe donate to an education fund would be nice for those in poverty! It is what you give to life that makes it worth while not what you take. The feeling of saving someone life, buying a needed person a meal, or whatever it si you can do will make you feel good about yourself and make life feel good, but when you take something that is not earned in most cases you will feel bad about it if you have any pride in yourself. I'm glad to hear this new vision of helping, it sounds like he may have read the Bible and understood it unlike a lot of those who claim to be men of God. Now if they just learn to let people find their own way and use their own God given  Free Will, teach but don't dictate that would be nice. God wants our love but he don't want people forced to love him he wants your love given of your own Free Will, not given in fear or for reward.

that is right !!! make church poor after allim pretty sure that muslims , jews or the great and mighty atheists will be more than happy to pay the bills for most of the humanitarian organizations and humanitarians actionsps. on the other hand i thing that church might be a bit over the top but make it completely poor is ridicules

As a Catholic, I always thought it was stupid that they wanted us to tithe 10% so  most of it could go to the Vatican for gold and buildings.  Not that I disparage beautiful things-I have plenty of them and worked my butt off for them-it is simply hypocritical to preach suffering when living in the lap of luxury.  That's why I don't feel bad for not giving 10% to the church and took care of whatever poor I chose to...the REAL poor, not the lazy poor.  I'm not going to give my money away in a manner that makes me poor and suffering; I grew up poor, hungry and cold so as far as I'm concerned I paid my penance long ago.  If God has a problem with that, we'll settle it when I die.I immediately loved our new Pope the minute I found out he chose Francis.  That means a lot, not just for the poor but St. Francis of Assisi loved animals and nature and as a lover of both, that is really something good.  He's going to shake some foundations that need to be shaken; good for him!

That will go over like #$%$ in the communion cup.The taxes I pay, I would hope would be given to the poor, the welfare, the food, the housing to protect our American brethren that may be down on their luck and have given up long ago. The ones we call "lazy". This is coming from someone that pays in well over 100,000  a year in taxes.

" mission is to serve the poor " .The mission should be to ....... encourage them to work hard , save , and invest .Then become properious citizens who pay taxes and give to church and charity .

then he asked the altar boys to join him in the hot tub

The guy is an idiot!

Looks like there is hope for the Catholic Church!

I am not Catholic but i really like this man. He lives Jesus's principles. How refreshing that he rejects all the pomp and materialism in the church.

Start pilling that gold off the walls and sell those jewels.  Make jobs for the hungery and give education to the ones who need it.  Just a few suggestions as how to help the very poor.  And most of all, Pray a lot for others.  Yes, even the Moslems. Jews and Protestents.

He could sell one of his dresses and feed an african country for a month.  Let's see that.  'Pope's Dress' on ebay.  Never gonna happen.  If he wants to be poor, it's pretty much the easiest thing to do, ever.

Catholic church to be poor ? lol...what a joke ! we could solve the deficic in this country ifthey would just pay their taxes for the last 100 years, PLUS INTEREST AND FINES....

Wow....good man!!So let's unite our efforts to bring the "poor" to the next level where they will have the opportunity to serve themselves. It seems to me they are tired to be served.

Be careful dear Pope Francis, b'cause you might be the victim of another  high dose of DIGITALIS administered for taking the true poverty vow! pl. i'm v.worried. God Bless Pope Francis

If he desires a "poor church" marked by austerity he can start by selling the treasures of the Vatican, many purchased with funds stolen from the naive and desperate in return for a false assurance of buying favor from God.

amen... you nailed it...! good. there is the true message. Blessed soul.

Is he trying to bring down the church or uplift the church...we'll see.

Let's hope things can and will change.You are right Friends...let us all hope?  Our Country and all views... including 'religions' from this bold step? an idea? are enriched by the deeper message here! Hopefully, the Vatican will embrace this (maybe unrealistic, yes)without further question, WOW... altruistic idea. As someone mentioned, a vow was taken by all who take this seat. I like the idea, personally...may it warm the hearts of all from the selfishness that was done in the past... by the evil money has birthed in the history of ...no, I did not smoke any funny stuff...

I'm an atheist (from a largely catholic family) but I must say I like the new pope

I think the poverty thing went out the window when the "pope's were getting hungry. They were suffering like the common people,and they couldn't live that way!

I'm not Catholic and so who is pope doesn't really effect me, but this sounds like an actual, real person.  Refreshing.

Yes Yes Yes...we are all equal in God's eyes. All have the right to feel they belong and are loved...salvation is for all who believe and walk the walk...not just for the well endowed.Well, what happens to the 10% we are supposed to give each year?  That's what makes the church so rich.  Pope Francis, are  you going to give it to the poor?  I don't think any church officials will allow that.

Fat chance of that happening.  They will be just like our first free loaders.

The only way the media would like the Pope is if he was a homosexual muslim.

The Catholic Church's mission is to serve the poor?  And here I thought it was to serve God.  I thought it was to teach the gospel and to administer the sacriments.  I thought it was for ALL people.  This seems disingenuous - sounds like pandering to me.  Nice thing to say but meaningless because clearly that is not the mission.

He should take some time to reflect on what happened to the last pope to say that.

Then lets end the talk about dollars in every Sunday sermon and stop publishing the parish expenses and losses in the Sunday bulletin, and have the pastor sell his SUV.

The RCC and it's fatcat bankers are jingling their gold-crusted rosaries and laughing their tails off!There are 15 million children dying of starvation and other preventable diseases in Africa and India every year...it used to be 12 million a few years back. Think the RCC cares about that? Nah, seems nobody does. They make sure these poor people don't use a condom, though. Better to starve to death and obey, than to use a condom, eat, and live.I must say that my opinion is tainted. I used to be one of the brainwashed. It's like leaving an alien planet and I shall never return...maybe a big rock will hit it...

Perhaps the Catholic Church can use some of its great wealth to help the poor, rather than continuing to amass even greater wealth solely for the benefit of the upper echelon of the church hierarchy. But because it takes money to make money, the church cannot afford to give it ALL away, but must use its money wisely so that it will be able to continue with assistance for the poor, the ill, and those who need help in other ways.

Well, he could start with the POPE'S apartment, with it's MARBLE Floors and muraled ceilings, probably gold fixtures etc! Is THIS what Jesus espoused?????

It would be great if the church acted in lines with the encyclical of Pope John XXII, Pacem in Terris. But it would take all people of good will to work on it.Either he knows the catholic church is financially ruined and is putting a more positive spin on it, or he means what he says.If he means what he says, he will not live long. He will be assassinated. They are not going to give up their money.

The Catholic Church is all about controlling wealth and people.  I'm sure Pope Francis's ideas about the Chuch being poor do not fit with the majority of Catholic Church hierarchy.This is why new Popes are always very old.  If they don't fit the "Program", the hierarchy does not have to wait 50 years for them to die before they can be replaced.

Be careful Pope Frances, the Catholic Church at the Vatican aren't that "god-like."  They're all about bling-bling.  Just check out that thing they call a palace.

This Pope should be supported,attitude is another thing,GOD will protect Pope Francis from those mafia inside and outside the Vatican.Christ is our cornerstone as stated by the new Pope.Change is definitely inevitable.We are praying for you His holiness!!

Well, according to Jesus himself (in three different gospels), it is almost impossible for rich people to enter into heaven. Of course, modern Christians rationalize everything in order to blend into contemporary culture, including the direct teachings of Jesus.

The Pope thinks like John Boehner.

I'll believe it when I see it.

If he talks about austere clergy again,he should know he'll be killed! Catholic clergy have sweet teeth for lavish,worldly lifestyle:women,good wine and whisky,night-club,gambling etc.Impossible to stop them,because the house is already infested by blasphemers!

@spring fever it's a joke how libs have no use for christians and blame them for everything, but then whine they need help and the christians are the only ones there, but they have no problems taking from them

I am catholic and I am excited with our new pope  I am pleased to offer my support and prayers for HIM , Pope Francis. Please All, lets give him a chance and prey for him..... We all need him.It'll never happen - to many people are making money off of the church. Just take a look at the treasures in the Vatican.

I'm a Protestant. But I really like this Pope Francis. Let's hope the Church should focus on the poors, and the simplicity instead wearing 24k gold jewelry pieces, jewls on ropes.

Popes have been around catering to the poor for 1,700 years.  I,d bet you could'nt find one poor man anywhere in the Vatican.

He has made it clear that he is anti-abortion and against homosexuality.  In fact, he was quoted saying adoption to gays is an abomination of child abuse.  So, he said in the article above that people must revere Jesus not the pope.  Jesus who was all-accepting and loving.  Thank goodness I am a recovering catholic.  What nonsense and perversion of his own and Catholicism's history.  More of the same #$%$.

isn't  this somethin'...LOL.. the catholic church  poor......LMFAO...first thing this pope should do is  stop telling lies and repent for  previous ones...nine hail mary's might work....then again it  might not iether 'cause he'll find out that mary don't  give a hoot iether, just  collect the money and shut up  with the beads already ..OK?

He sounds like a pope i can believe in even though i.am not Catholic

The church will be plenty poor when it finishes paying out the settlements for all the sex abuse scandals.

I'm Catholic and I've always thought the church should do more for the poor. I grew up in a large family with not much money.  We went without while our priests - and higher ups - dined on lobster and prime rib and frequented the best restaurants! My late in-laws also treated their priests to lavish summer beach vacations and large monetary gifts at the holidays. I always thought they - the priests - should have directed the money to people - kids - in the parish who had nothing but that never happened.  I like what Pope Francis is saying- it's the right direction for the church.

if you see your brother naked cloth hem,if you see you,r brother down pic hem up,and if you see you,r brother hungry feed hem.that this are all blessings the will return to you sum day.blessed be all of hes creation.

The church is two hundred years behind on women's and gay rights and condoms and celibacy. I wish he wanted more change. But caring about the poor will be good and he isn't into the pomp. Good change there.Good luck with that one dude.

Then start handing out the trillions of dollars the church has to the poor. Problem solved.

That's like JP Morgan saying he'd prefer being poor......  Organized religion is nothing more than a business.  Profit and Loss and Margin.   The Catholic church murdered millions and millions of people at the stake.....because they feared they might oppose them.  In the name of God ?  Is that what Jesus would have done?  Makes me sick

If they sold all of the gold in the Vatican and gave it to the poor, there would not be a poor person on this planet.

Catholic church has more money than God...

with that attitude, he isnt gonna last long.

Will never "fly" because the true God is and always will be the almighty dollar/lira. That is why it states on several currencies "in God we trust".

The Catholic Church and religious leaders throughout the world should take a more proactive approach in bringing humanity together for the better of the world. We need to find a way to become a better person and care about others as we care about ourselves and hopefully this will lead to a more balanced world.

Turn over the tables Pope Francis.I support the new Pope.

Fat chance of THAT happening! A POOR Catholic Church...About as likely as a POOR State government in Texas!And he said this while wearing designer gowns and dancing shoes in the Vatican, which has a bank vault the size of Fort Knox? Credible. Being poor isn't hard to do. Just get rid of all your wealth. They can do it in a matter of hours really.

I wonder if they will live the life of St Francis

Let's Help the Poor by Providing BIRTH CONTROL,,measures,

Pope's got some 'splainin to do. wonder if CIA complicity in argentina's "Dirty Little war" will be made public? Ha - our tax dollars hard at work...

"Catholics should remember that Jesus, not the pope, was the centre of the Church." Something to take to heart. Afterall as Christians that is who we follow and emulate. If we are to be Christlike then we need not only to remember, but learn of Him and His ways.

Another Wolf (Pedophile) in a Sheep (Pope) clothing.

spiritual poverty?

Hmmmmm, they may have selected someone that is really interested in what church should be about.....he better watch his back.

Mathew 6:24  (You can't serve GOD and money) - JESUS said, Blessed are you poor, Woe to you rich. It's great that this pope is teaching people to live poor and to help the poor, even though the catholic church has other teachings that are not correct (like praying to Mary) We should only pray to GOD/JESUS.

Being poor has more meanings than money. He is asking everyone to release their pride, arrogance, and excess. To separate ourselves from ourselves. He is asking us to live in our world and not be of the world. This is a selfish world. It is all about what we can get and not what we can do for our fellow man. But worldly people won't understand. "whatsoever you do to the least of my people, that you do unto me" if we were put here to know, love, and serve the Lord, we need to recognize him in each other. Whether you believe in him or not, he believes in you.The children of the world are already hungry, undernorished, the parents unemployed, and the entire family has so many health problems that not even the medical people can be of help.  This Pope is going to get the Republicans snickering for a whole month.  This is why we insist on low wages, no health care, no education,  just stupidity.  It is all a matter of religious control of the population.  This Pope is 1,000 years behind.  He probably is a nice guy, but he is intellectually bankrupt.

The pope says the mission of the church is to serve the poor?I thought the mission of the church (and any real religion) was to help people find their way back to God!Serving the poor is for the Salvation Army!

don't be decieved--this pope is no beter then the last 91 popes -they are not of God they are of satan--

Peter Pumpkinhead, came to town. Spreading wisdom and cash around.Fed the starving and, housed the poor. Showed the Vatican, what gold's for.~XTC, The Ballad Of Peter Pumpkinhead~

Never trust an altruist.  Shatter the backs of religion and government and then we will be free.

Well. All of the wealth is with the church and the central bank....if they gutted the Vatican  we would be on our way to half  human justice in the eyes of God....

Pope Francis said that the church should be poor-ha ha hathis guy aint gonna die a natural death if he gives the cath-o-lic corporation's money to the poor !

What a weird pope this is. He loves the poor but sees woman as second degree humans. By that creating a situation of a lot of woman worldwide who still not able to find decent earning jobs to escape from poverty..

Ummm.... shouldn't he be asking for world peace first?

Now that we have overwhelming reproducible proof that there is no God, I am glad that the Church's infrastructure will not go to waste.  Since there is no more reason for religion, changing the Church to a charity is a good use of resources.It has been my belief that if you are going be a religious person be one 100% or not at all, to many hypocrites in this world. I'm not a believer but I never seen a religious person practice what they preach 100%.He sounds like he might be truly righteous.

You want to be a true pope start making references to the holy bible and not on your own understanding . We have not heard you make any reference to the holy scriptures because you dont know it . All you know is your bulletin

that's a line from lord Obama, lord Obama wants America to be poor

"Be poor and for the poor" he said from his gold leaf encrusted pulpit, right after he stopped by the Vatican private bank. Catholicism has ALWAYS been about ripping off the poor---a few words isnt going to change centuries of their hard work!

I am waiting for him to preform his first miracle.

Republicans are going to hate this guy. Wait until Sean Hannity hears about this.

After the open-borders U.S. goes completely third-world, the Pontiff can come and mingle with the poor from coast to coast to his heart's delight.

Good idea, how about selling off the Vatican, distribute the money to the poor of the world, and then have all church officials (pope, cardinals, bishops and priests etc) live a hermetic life..with no altar boys in sight of course..

Seems like a righteous man, I'm not Catholic but he seems genuinely real, a down to earth person who just wants the world to be a better place to live in.

More 666 propaganda...I made a comment about the Catholic Church &amp; its' riches not helping the poor and their own Churches in need. You would not believe the thumbs down on that one!

he won't be pope for very long.

If the church was poorhow would they pay off all the sexually abused alter boys?

If you are to pray, pray that the pope will not die soon because of his conviction in helping the poor, else, they are to elect a new one soon!

If the pope said that, i doubt he will live more than the years to come.  i know a pope who said that years ago, never woke up the next day!

Well, what part of what the Pope says do so many of you not understand?? Why is it that so many CEOs, movie and sports stars, etc. can live with many riches yet so many people think they are just wonderful. Their items are not for humanity like the art, etc. at the Vatican, yet so many are not happy about it. What God doesn't deserve us to give Him great beauty here on earth. The Pope wants all of us to help the poor, that means you. Most of us have expensive junk we don't even need. So, if you want the Vatican to sell all and give to the poor, you also sell all and give it to the poor.

I agree with the Pope wanting the Church to be poor.  I think the Church being poor should start right at the top. Be the first to be poor and feed the world with the luxuries you get rid of.

I hope he lives a long time as the Pope and gets to make the changes. He appears to be a good man on all accounts.

church want to be pooris he asking for more donation from this followers?

OMG, so many on this board want the Vatican to sell all and give it to the poor. Forget about it being for all of humanity. Not one post from anyone who said the Vatican should sell all and give it to the poor have said what they are going to do to help the poor. NOT ONE!! HOW EASY IT IS TO TELL EVERYONE TO HELP THE POOR BUT NOT ME!!!!!!SELL THE VATICAN HELP THE POOR

Pope Francis wants Church to be poor...That's a good one !

Just like Obama he wants every one to be poor.

Obama for pope. He knows how to distribute the wealth of a nation.

What the church is really for, is raping children.

He just sealed his fate! The "men behind the curtain" of the curia and their financial branch will make sure of that. I predict that Francis will come down with a fatal disease or have an "accident" in the near future after that comment!

Who pays for all those fancy hats and robes? That doesn't look poor to me with all the gold in the Vatican  and "pomp and circumstance" they all go through.  Signed: a former Catholic.

Regardless, christianity is still a false religion and our Creator HaShemיהוה NEVER sent a human sacrifice for sin and that is NOT how we are forgiven. We are forgiven through true repentance and not reperating those same sins. The suffering servant of Isaiah 53 is Israel, not "Jesus". Those who worship him worship a false god. Its not even the same jewish Rabbi that existed because christianity has twisted his character throught its years, creating an idol.

I totally like the election of our new Pope.  Focussing totally on the poor is not the answer though.  Che, Castro, Chavez, Kim Jong, Lenin and such were masters of such.  Church can do more through influencing world poilitics.  Hard to do?  Yes but, necessary.

A few more massive payouts to victims of their pedophile priests should get them there.Will never "fly" with all the other Vatican dingbats&gt;

He sounds like a pope i can believe in even though i.am not Catholic

This has nothing to do with this situation but I keep thinking that Emeritus Benedict should still have security watching him just like our presidents that are out of office.  Would it hurt to look after him and not discard him like a stale piece of bread?  I read in one of the media reports that along with things taken from his personal material there was something saying that he was being set up for assassination and no wonder the poor man retired.  I'd get the heck out of there myself as would any other sane person, Pope or not.  Please take care of him.

Elections for the corrupt Roman Catholic Church, back in the time arround 1980, the Roman catholic Church give an election advice to the beliefers, vote Marcos! The next was Gloria MAafter she kick down Estrada, the first one who inauguration the corruption, Chief Justice Davide and Cardinal Sin, the second time for Gloria MA was Chief Justice Corona so proud toinauguration the corruption also the Cardinal. When you remember when Cororna go to the Church the Bisshop hug him and hold him in his arms almost an orgasmus, the man who bring INNOCENT PEOPLE for LIFETIME in yail ONLY FOR STINK MONEY, that's YOUR Philippine Roman Catholic Church, vote the list from the Church, vote for AGAIN and AGAINcorruption, tell the poor people that they can eat in the Roman Catholic Church day by day !

It will be interesting to watch. I converted to the Catholic faith in 1970 while in Vietnam.  As a sort of "outsider" I see our faith a little differently than my wife, a Catholic with the religious education (indoctrination?).  The pope's job is hard enough without trying to do it on a shoestring budget.  May God bless him and grant him long life and stamina.  If he can just bring back half of all the world's "lapsed" Catholic plus some newbies like me, he will have succeeded in that area.  But there are a myriad of other jobs we expect of him so it is truly time to be a leader and instruct all of us in what is expected of us by Jesus and his Church.  "The poor will inherit the earth"  God bless all of us, especially Christians and inspire us to always do what is right. A good start would be to support "Catholic Relief Services" (CRS) instead of forking over cash to the "Red Cross" for them to squander. IMHO  Rodger Fetters  VFW Post 8788 Honor Guard Chaplain SFC US Army Retired.

We've been warned, "let no man deceive you."

Would really like to see that become a reality. A true God centered church is what we need.

He might "like a poor church" - history shows he's not likely to GET it. Unloess by court award for damages. Still - Francis sounds a bit more realistic than most Popes in modern history.

I think I will like this Pope, who mentioned that Jesus is the center and not the Pope.  I really hope that he takes severe action against all child molesters to such an extent that nobody ever will even think about it in future..

the roman church is no- church of God it is synagog of satan--------Good start.  That is the right message.  Even though I think religion is a bunch of nonsense I can sincerely appreciate a man who says what the new pope has said.  I like him already.

reminds me of an Anthony Quinn movie from 1968, "Shoes of the Fisherman".

A fine example to current day and world events.Interesting mixture of St. Francis and Pope John Paul.I may have to take the Catholic Church serious AGAIN.And close the gap/distance I had chosen over the last quarter of my life with the faith.Divine Providence at work, in a time when is really needed.God Bless you Father/Pope Francis I. And thank you for your example!

The church give up all its riches,Is he crazy,they need something to worship

Just read Revelation,  chapters 17&amp;18, he is head of the world empire of false religion, Babylon The Great,  he's misleading the people because he doesn't understand what the Bible is about. There wasn't a clergy / laity class in the 1st century  congregation, etc. He is just an imperfect man, who, according to Jeremiah 10:23  isn't capable of directing his own step. He surety doesn't follow in Christ's footsteps.

If the Catholic Church wants to really help the poor, I wonder what all the paintings and other expensive things in Vatican City would bring, money wise, to help the poor?  Maybe pay off some of the lawsuits of the "boys" that some of them abused?  Maybe sell off some of that "Church owned Property" and help the poor?  Just a thought.

His folks were Italian, At least one , so the 1st Non-European Pope isn't in office yet.

Now this pope is coming to preach riches and not salvation, my good god, the church for the poor where did you get that phrase from

Once all the lawsuits have been filed and paid off, don't worry...the Church will be in poverty as you wished and you can do the right thing and help the poor!

Catholic Church  POOR ????? Are you kidding me ! any church as far as that goes .If the poor had the church money, they would be no poor . Look at what they build and the wars they fight  in the mane of god.The most poverished and uneducated always will follow like sheep Little do they know.. as the wolves have plans ..

I like eveything I've been reading about this Pope.  Sounds like the right man for the job.  God be with you Pope Francis

the vatican has millions,while millions starve. how many cardinals will be against because pope francis want to champion the poor.

I'm sure Francis will have his fans, but I don't see a lot of people embracing poverty. I expect a decline in the Catholic church and a movement to denominations which encourage wealth.

If their is a perfect church then non of us can be a member. We are all imperfect to Gods perfection. That is why He sent His son to fulfill the law and for us who believe will be able to get close to His Love who is GOD. GOD IS LOVE!!! ( Not like love but IS LOVE!)

editor by Mark Trevelyan --note:: Reuters-- a business company about money matters publishing the article

With the trillions of dollars the church has amassed over the centuries they should be given to the poor ASAP. Let's hold the pope his words!

Good riddance Benedict !  It will take the Church many years to undue what you have done.

How can you help the poor if you have money? thru the rosary? good luck with that

I hope he will do all this and live up to his promises, let us wait for the next five years.What Francis and the KKKatholic Church want is more little boys and girls to keep their priests happy.  What any civilized human being should want is for our esteemed President to send one huge drone directly at the Vatican.

"He said that Catholics should remember that Jesus, not the pope, was the centre of the Church." I'm so glad to hear that! There is no way a human can be the center of God's church.

The Vatican is the richest institution in the world!  His ideals are already unrealistic!

the mafia cardinals will kill this pope off quickly if he starts givin the money away,,of course its only a couple of trillion,, but i sure would like to see someone do what he says,,, but it wont happen,, the catholic church is only about money and little boys,,

olla papa keep it up

i think this pope may get me to start going to mass again. God bless him.

Ok if this true then that nice little mansion or building he sleeps in, he should allow the poorest of the poor to live there.

Pope Francis needs to learn,Being poor and serving the poor is not going to fly with the Vatican.

Then stop collecting the unbiblical 10%

Christians want church for both rich and poor.  Being rich is not a sin.  Priests, bishops, cardinals should not have salaries.  They should be without a salary just like the monks.Yeah,,Right!!

how to help the poor without the money ?

Someone just got a Bullseye slaped on the side of their head..

Does he speak English?

If popes are so close to god have him ask what is going on.

F-Pope be keepin it real, straight 8 dude no doubts, man of the people. Luve ya man, keep rockin the faith!

Since I'm not religious at all, I guess he and I could not agree on a number of issues ; but the more I hear about him, the more he gives an impression of simplicity and honesty. I just hope he'll live up to his reputation.

I hope that Bergoglio has good security. Just remember what Vatican insiders did to John-Paul I when he didn't follow orders.

oh oh be careful on those stairs  they are steep, dark, and slippery old friend ,The Catholic church is run by Capitalists  last time I checked

It will be hard for the church to wean itself off money, power and privilege.Pope Francis should also be for Jesus, not his idolatrous self.

Bout time someone in the higher ranks addressed the church's (all of them not just Catholic) hypocrisy and money grubbing.  Churches are business first, religious second.

It's a non-starter. when have the rich ever agreed wit becoming poor? NEVER EVER EVER WILL HAPPEN...

A man convinced against his will, is of the same opinion still?

I disagree, a vow of poverty that places a burden on other Christians to support one personso he can sit in a solid gold chair and fly around the world  giving speeches while priests  touch children is not a balanced understanding of the bible.

Oh, I doubt this will go over well with those that have grown quite use to the privileges’ of the Wealth that the Church has accumulate since the Templars rode in the name of the church.  Oh, wait the church turned on the Templars when the Templars saw the greed in the eyes of clergy.  Good thought Francis but the likelihood of this happening is seriously doubtful and even though the need is certainly there, as in all big business greed is not something others like to share.

I wonder if Jesus would be alive today...how would we treat him? Are we gonna believe him? Im sure many will judge him and stone him for claiming he is God. Or, He will be put in the mental asylum for speaking parable and claiming to be God. Thank you Lord Jesus for you did not live with us at this present time. I Believe, I trust, I Hope...

That is a good start for Pope Francis I. Let's hope the princes of the Church are listening.

I believe that its the rich who are being tested.  Poor people already have learned lessons that keep them from coveting other people's money.   They are grandfathered into heaven, because they have a soft footprint on local economies.   John D. Rockafella knew this to be true and gave most of his money to charities which still rock the planet for helping others.   People who focus on ambition, steal other people's ideas, their songs, their incomes and forclose on their homes, will burn in hell.   There is a clique at the top of Capitalism that is ruthless and unimpressed with the little people.  These super rich can not escape the burning fires that await them.  And the young kids forget what is waiting for them at the end of their indulgence - Judgment.   But poor people should have nothing to worry about, because all they have is the spiritual love of their families, and kindness of the church.  God bless our earthly and heavenly fathers.

DECEPTION..at its best.With such a wide chasm in philosophy, how can Big Business and the Religious Right co-exist within the same Republican Party?

Lots of talk from a patriarchy that covered up a massive pedophile scandal and got around to apologizing to Galileo in 2000 AD.In the words of F Zappa: "We are dumb all over."So true Frank. So true....

Let's see how much jewelry, garb, artwork and real-estate the Vatican sells off in the next month to feed the starving children of the world. It is certainly within the reach of the Church's leaders to begin the liquidation process now and start converting it to something edible.DON'T COUNT ON IT.

There are some religious institutes whose members are required to take vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience. Occasionally additional vows particular to their institute are required as well. Carmelites, Dominicans, and Jesuits (to name only a few) fall into this category. Members of such institutes generally receive a small monthly stipend, perhaps $100 per month in the U.S., for personal expenses. With this tiny amount they can buy a birthday gift for a relative, or go to a restaurant occasionally for lunch, or get a pack of cigarettes. They often have full-time jobs, maybe as university professors or hospital administrators, and as such they earn full-time salaries-but they cannot touch this money as their paychecks are immediately turned over to their religious superiors. The cars they drive, the houses they live in, and sometimes even the clothes they wear are not the property of the religious themselves, for these things as a rule belong to their religious institute.

Pope Francis says, "you're fired!" to the Roman Curia and to the Lay, "live like John the Baptist on honey and locust wear winesack and sandles or don't return to the Church!"

Wow, then they'll have to give away the hundreds of Billions of dollars of real estate, businesses, artwork and gold. The governments will take care of that in time. Babylon the great is still rich but the government knows where the money is.

Help the poor? They just thought of that now? I'm not religious at all but I hope the Pope comes through with everything he said. Would be nice for a change, church actually trying to help the poor instead of asking for money all the time.

Money can me good and bad. Depend on how you use them. Without moneys you can not do much good.

Let it be knows that over 2000 years the Catholic Church has acquired a hidden Empire the likes of which even leaves God in awe.

If the Catholic Church goes poor,then they are going to have to give away a lot of real estate and investments being they are one of the wealthiest organizations in the world.I have a real sneaking suspicion that a lot of Catholics who have been so disgusted and downhearted these last few years may go to Mass in the next few weeks, as a sign that we are watching and could be engaged again...I have a feeling that for many of us this  Easter, the  message of renewal and triumph over death and evil will resound in a personal way...

religion = money &amp; power...  It will never change.

He got that right when he said "pomp and grandeur" - it was sickening to me to see how the Pope paraded around as if he were high and mighty. Just sickening. I hope this new guy brings some sanity to the church by modernizing it to better fit the needs of modern man. This new regime must teach good stewardship of the environment and birth control. They also need to allow clergy to be married. You make those changes and you gain millions back into the church. You keep doing it the "old" way - you will continue to lose millions.

Reporters said that Pope Francis is definitely NOT a "liberation theologist" -- but I hoping that may not be true. The Church thought that Pople John XXIII would be a "placeholder" pope -- and the he called the Vatican II council and made sweeping reforms! I know many older priests and nuns marched with farmworkers and civil rights activists and worked for human rights and land reforms in Central and So. America in the 1960s and 1970s, who have, for the last 35 years, said "where did the church I joined GO?!"  Let's give it back to them.  the message of Jesus Christ is very simple, and difficult and  absolutely socialist -- and it  makes people profoundly uncomfortable: He said to do whatever it takes to love each other and live in peace; to leave the judging to his Father, because that's His job, not ours and to put no faith in possessions or worldly things and give them away to anyone who asked for them.  Easy.  And very difficult.  We are poisoning and raping Mother Earth, we are killing each other senselessly in our shameless compulsive believe that we don't have inherent self-worth, but our worth is based on how much "stuff" we own, and what labels are on them.  Consumerism IS the true Devil we must deny and drive out of our souls and our lives.

I am but one of The Four Norsemen of the Apocalypse!!!

Its the right message for the left!

Probably God gives a damn about the pope, the Vatican, and all the pathetic pomp around this circus. Bergoglio had proven connections with the Argentine military in the 70´s and 80´s (people that tortured pregnant women and their fetus with electric pods, they had a special type of torture for Jewish people, etc. Read "Never Again" ("Nunca Más")); a facist replacing a nazi. A church that systematically hides pederast priests. How catholics can be so blind and ignorant is something hard to understand: how can they live in such dissonance, with such conflicting values?

The Catholic Church is Gods brotheral.

So who's he planning to give the gold to?  The Vatican's reserves total around 60,350 metric tonnes or approximately 30.2% of all the gold ever mined...!

I have news for you: it takes money to help the poor and to get the gospel out there. Food to help those in famines costs money. Gas to operate the planes, boats, or whatever mode of transportation used to get the food to the people in famine costs money. Ditto with vaccines or anything one might want to use to help those less fortunate. Even if everyone who works with these operations is volunteer, the supplies cost someone. There is no such thing as a free lunch.Even the local church needs money to pay utilities and staff, at the very least.If everyone in the church is poor, how does he expect the church to do its job? If he wants his denomination to be poor, perhaps he should set the example, since he is the one they elected to be the leader/spokesman. I firmly believe the leadership of any church is responsible for setting the example for whatever they are trying to get across to the congregation, regardless of the denomination. The best preachers are the ones who sincerely try their very best to live what they preach/teach to their congregations.Money is not the root of all evil, but the LOVE OF money is the root of all evil.Nowhere in the Bible is there any indication that God requires His people to take a vow of poverty in order for them to be saved and get into heaven. Some people choose to do so, and that is between them and God as to their reasons and their hearts, but it is not a universal requirement.A vow of poverty will not get one into heaven, neither will having a lot of money send one to hell. It all comes down to what one does concerning the Lord Jesus Christ. He is the only way into heaven and no one gets in apart from a personal relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ. No other man can save you, nor can any woman. It is through Christ alone.Have you asked Him to come into your heart and really meant it? If not, I implore you to do so today.Time spent reading your Bible will show conclusively that God and Jesus taught Socialism.  If you do not understand that, you have not understood the Bible.

its time for the vatican to spread some of its billions out to the poor...but hell will freeze if that ever happens.

The last Pope who thought like Francis I, was John Paul I, he died 33 days in office.  I HOPE, Pope Francis I makes it longer!

I'm with the Pope. The poorer the church gets the better it is for the world.

The 1% will like this Pope, all the money to them and the Pope can have the other 99%.

In such a vast universe are we not positioned at the proper distance to see and comprehend  the whole picture?  All fail and fall into sin by design!!!  Thus god has a purposeful and fulfilling existence.

Either the church is trying to an Obama style bait and switch to improve it's reputation or Francis will swiftly get the boot. The Vatican being poor! Yeah and Queen Elizabeth is giving up her posessions and going to the Himalayas to be a renunciant.

God bless Pope Francis, he will be a great Pope and representative of our Lord.

Anyway the CHurch is getting poorer, or at least that's what they tell us each week when they BEG for more money. Half our congregation has left the hurch so one bit of advice. Cut your budget knuckeheads. sell your empty churches and you golden palaces and help the poor.

Do you not realize the Clergy has always been made up of perverse Gays?  Society has advanced enough over the last 2000 years that the truth can no longer be hidden.ok, forget the $$, what about all the sex..you know those tunnels under ground in rome where they meet up at night for sex-capades...????

Nice sentiment but it will never happen. The church has built itself up around making millions. If he truly wants to make the church more chirst like then all church employes should no longer receive any pay. Let them do their work like Jesus did, without pay and just for the sake of doing nice things for those in need.

I think his remarks are being misinterpreted.  The Church--ANY Church, is for everyone, poor, rich, sick, etc, etc., in other words for human kind.

They plan to give employment to more poor Altar Boys.

Where do you think all the stolen artwork and heists of the last 2000 years ended up?  You guessed it.

Yes, dont forget the poor

I do not see him changing the 2000 year old Path of the Church.  Power is not released without a nasty fight.

Does he realize how out of touch with the church he sounds.

Wish in one hand.  When will he resign?

There is a sucker "born again" every minute.Really good. Just what the Church needs...just what the world needs.

The RCC is the largest real estate holder in the world. Somebody let me know when the start giving some of those billions to the poor, will ya?

Sorry but he should be more concerned with Catholic period.That is what the job of pope is,leader of Catholics,rich or poor.

NONESENSE translation from Spanish to English. Please you writers had to be more responsible as you are being seen around the world especially the this topic about the pope is global. He did not say, he wanted the church to be poor (not even a sentence construction), does not make any sense.

If you want the church to be poor " stop passing the hat"

"and remember that its mission is to serve the poor."Who is he going to serve the poor to?  Sounds like cannibalism and the human smuggling &amp; meat market.

Yes, those poor little boys do pay the price for being around catholics.

a poor church cannot help the poor. but there are too many ugly men in power in this church.

I love Pope Francis and everything he stands for. It is about time there is someone who truly cares about the poor and try to get people to open up their eyes and quit being so selfish when it comes to helping others.

25-50% of Jesuits are gayEveryone talks about how "rich" the Catholic Church is.....but you never see a story of inter-city ministers who drive Cadillacs and Benzs that their poor congregations have to BUY them.

sounds good, I will sit back and watch if it happens or just words....

Priest: "young child, it's a new beginning, we are going to start having mid night private sessions"

LOL,"Let the church to be poor" until he really start distributing all the money the church has gathered, what is say has no meaning! And I think Mobs wouldn't allow it, where else can they find such large organization to launder money!

This guy won't be pope long.

Francis should go and live in Calcutta, well first declare it saintlike, there is a lot of poverty there, he will have a real good time living in the gutter. Long life poverty... how stupid and #$%$ can you be.

Tell that to the cardinals

You can call them anti-christ illuminati or whatever but they sure do feed millions more than other christians do.....charity is fluent with catholics

The scripture says nothing about the churchbeing poor.  This is not the teachings of Jesus. He became poor that through His poverty we may become rich.

I think some of us have sold there soul to the devis?The poor  would be a lot better off if the Vatican started emptying its full to overflowing vaults full of the tribute$ or plunder of nearly 2K years, 1 ex-Mayan gold idol could feed a 3rd-world village for a decade. 1 Leonardo de Vinci painting on auction would provide vaccinations for a city! If Papa Francis preaches be poor to help the poor, then let him set the example first.

good lesson for the government. if the left care sooo much about the poor, why don't they subject themselves to obamacare. they can participate in the shared sacrifices obama bloats about by taking a paycut to where they only make as much as the median us income. share that!

The report never spelled out what is the signaled sharp change of style from Benedict XVI. If the news media is going to jive a unbiased report it should do so and stop giving hints with no evidence or proof !

This Pope sounds as if he will make a difference in the overall mood of the Church.When I see Roman Catholic Churches raise millions of dollars for the glorification of their parishes and ignore the needs of the homeless, hungry and poor in general it saddens me that the Church, itself, seems to have lost it's way. Maybe Francis can be the shepherd the Church needs.

Washington DC

"Oh, how I would like a poor Church, and for the poor."..........says the man who wears expensive garments and whose bishops are arrayed in gold and who addresses the world from a facility so luxurious and massive that its cost of upkeep alone would feed the third world nations on the planet for eternity. His words and teaching sound good, but I'm willing to bet that his actions (along with the actions of the rest of the Catholic church), will continue to fall way short. It makes me sort of chuckle as I am reminded of Matthew 23:3 when Jesus said, "....whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not ye after their works: for they say, and do not." This is only one of the problems with ANY organized religious establishment, not just the Catholic church......Jesus would never be pope. I'm pretty sure he would refuse to wear one of those stupid outfits.

if your poor you can't give to the poor. good thought though.

Let's see if Francis is humble enough to apologize to the world for the RCC torturing and murdering millions - even decimating whole tribes of people - because they would not convert - all in the name of holiness and Jesus Christ.If he wants to wash feet, let those feet be a high ranking Protestant clergyman to whom he offers an apology for the millions of Protestants tortured and murdered by the RCC through the centuries - as recently as the 1940's in Bosnia. If he does not address what the RCC did to so many other people - EVEN OTHER CHRISTIANS !!!! - through the centuries, his humility is limited to more superficial appearances. If he DOES address the church's past crimes against humanity, let me be the first to wash HIS feet - the feet of a proven, true servant of Jesus Christ.

"South Africa cardinal says paedophilia not a crime", if you need any insight into how the Catholic church REALLY thinks, read this article on yahoo where one of the cardinals responsible for voting this Pope into office states this ideology.  The Vatican City/Country isn't secret for nothing, and they also like to hoard trillions of dollars that should go anywhere but to them.

Hey Francis!I'll take the money.I like his comments, but I pray for his safety. most of the higher ups in the catholic church will not like his thinking

top 5 reasons francis is the new pope1. he will die sooner than later and all the cardinals will get another free European vacation2. this guy is from the largest and poorest nation of Catholics and will get more followers to join3. by electing this guy the vatican is trying to make themselves look like "normal people"4 all the other cardinals had skeletons in the closest5 no one else wanted to be the pope because they could not get away with molesting children orhaving affairs with other members of the church

Church to be POOR??????   well, there goes another Pope. Get the chimney ready. No way is this Church is going to give up anything.

what does this pope plan on doing with the corrupt cardinals like Levada?

The FIRST thing that this man needs to do is to gather up every last one of the priest's who have ANY kind of abuse scandal about them and either remove them or isolate them some place where they can no longer do ANY harm. I would have NO tolerance towards ANY person who might even think about harming an innocent child!

With the amount of law suites they have to defend by there immoral actions they might be. They should be careful of what they ask for.

With any luck he will put them out of business!

The more I hear about this guy, the more I like him. Pope Fran, leader of the free world!!

The greedy will leave the church. I just cried reading this article. I left the church years ago but this pope is a man after my own heart and I think Jesus is also shedding tears of joy. The arrogance of the church is finito. Peace.

Lord, Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner; Glory be to the Father and the Son. and the Holy Spirit, as it was in the Beginning, is Now, and ever shall be. a WORLD WITHOUT END. Amenpeace  be witth you  pope francis  please bring change c church  for women and priest

Being poor has more meanings than money. He is asking everyone to release their pride, arrogance, and excess. To separate ourselves from ourselves. He is asking us to live in our world and not be of the world. This is a selfish world. It is all about what we can get and not what we can do for our fellow man. But worldly people won't understand. "whatsoever you do to the least of my people, that you do unto me" if we were put here to know, love, and serve the Lord, we need to recognize him in each other. Whether you believe in him or not, he believes in you.

Wow, how is fox news going to spin this guy?They much preferred the former Hitler youth to a quasi socialist (look up the history of the Franciscans)

I thought the mission of a Christian church was to evangelize the lost and bring them to salvation through Jesus Christ. Silly me. I guess all along it was just to be a large version of a soup kitchen.

YARD SALE:   Pope mobile; some oil paintings; books; red shoes; MARBLE thingamabobs; first come first serve this SUNDAY  SUNDAY   SUNDAY

This is not going to sit well with the Curia. At 76 years old and with one lung I wonder if he might "mysteriously" die in his sleep at about the 30 day mark. Don't be too shocked if that happens.

sounds like a good man weather mans love of money  or  concern for his fellow brother will previl is yet to be seen

I think Pope Francis is at the place and position. Discriimination and show of money,wealth and power has taken over the church. This gave supper power to the penticostal churches who tend to take care of the poor. May God lead him aright Amen.

Left Catholicism 30 tears ago, would have stayed if Pope Francis was the pope. This man is concerned about the gospel of Jesus Christ not just social work which has made the church a glorified NGO.

I wonder Christ alone or Christ, Mary the saints  and the POP. Glory must be to Christ alone, "My Glory Will Not Be Given To No Body"The catholic church is a business to make $. Have seen them make $ by having a meat truck in parking lot selling beef. Mankind does not need religion , people need a personal relationship with Jesus Christ. People turned off on religion because of corruption!

If he is shot, the cardinals will be the ones who did it. They will not accept for the church (drug store) to become poor.

Maybe under all the decorative trappings, the Vatican is bankrupt? Declaring a path of austerity would seem appropriate.I hope this is not the case. How much can the poor help the poor?It takes money to pay the bills and help the poor.    May God's will be done.

"Don't forget the poor" brought tears to my eyes as I ended my reading. Although I am not of the Roman Catholic faith (married to a United Church of Canada minister) I hope this Pope will create a positive force in our too often troubled and violent world and work with other faiths.

i think this pope just chose martyrdom. I will pray for u. Satan is strong in this world, stay on ur path!!

Well that's an easy fix. The church can distribute all of its ill gotten wealth to the poor, get rid of most of its land holdings and stop passing the offering plate. What a refreshing idea!They could also stop lying to the poor. That would be nice. Just be truthful about the whole thing.

He won't last long.Nobody messes with the RCC's money...

How about the church gives its riches TO THE POOR!

Poor ! Greeting to new Pope from South America; Holy bible clearly states that 'Thou shall not Steal'.In North America alone where﻿ USA &amp; Canada is plundering more oil than Saudi &amp; Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as Native American people remain﻿ poorest citizens on their own land beloved fatherland. Before Europeans came,Native population in North &amp; South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population is 30 million &amp; Europeans is at ONE BILLION! [Google 'sicko uncle Sam' at forum]

This man has some correlations to the 1st  pope johnpaul the First!!  he too was going to was of the mind set to live a more simple life.  To make all the Cardinals and below to rid themselves of all the expensive gowns and live by a vow of poverty and  simple dress.  To help all people.  He only lived 33 days!!  He was of the people.The world need people like Pope Francis, for a new direction out of ds madness for material things. Ken Best.

Why doesn't he and the rest of them live poor ?  what a joke...

How much gold does God need anyway?

If they plan to unload some of their hoard of gold, gems, and art treasures, I would be happy to take a couple off their hands.

Well, if the Church keeps getting sued for scandals and losing - billions to date -- he's going to get his wish.

Jesus said, "who made Me judge and distributor of your goods?" Luke 12:14. Dostoevsky wrote, "the Christian who is a Socialist is more dreaded than the Socialist who is an atheist."

He would like a poor church. But that doesn't mean they'll be auctioning off any of the ornate treasures such as gold statues and such, then giving the proceeds to the poor any time soon. The Vatican is like any other sovereign entity, you have royalty with great wealth. The pope is the king of the church. There is no such thing as a poor king, regardless of any vows of poverty or acts of charity.

He wants the church to get rid of money? I see an "accident" coming soon to a theater hear you.

like

Blah, Blah, Blah, More Lip Service, Blah.  The Vatican will never give up it's riches and you'd be a fool to believe it.Most politicians while campaigning say that "they" have the solutions to all our problems.But, usually don't give detail before or especially after the campaign.Pope Francis did not campaign for his position. I'm sure he is still a little in shock.But, what gives us hope is that "he lived the life", and has a better grasp on what to do with a dollar, or paeso, or lira.....

Pope Francis's message is very clear to all. To focus on the poor of the world. To give what we love and own requires much sacrifice. Give until it hurts is the message of Bl. Mother Teresa. Give your best not what we dont need. Now we know why Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI retired. 'Talk if you must (talk less). It is time to work, time to help the poor! May God help us to share. Giving is Divine. It's more blessed to give than to receive. PO

I've been a Catholic for about 10 years.  Pope Francis gives me a good, warm feeling that I did not get from Benedict.  I think the cardinals made a great choice this time.

Breaking News: Pope Francis has sold the Vatican and begun living in a Roman homeless shelter

His words are pretty, but I have always looked for action. I guess we'll have to wait and see.

Better start melting down the gold toilets in the vatican and giving away the gold

america is poor the pope will like that

Oh great, someone else to categorize us. Will the "Poor Church"also double as a soup kitchen? And not to mention it will be a target for #$%$ looking to victimizes the less fortunate for their own self gain. Doesn't our own government do enough to labor us but now a "Man of the Cloth" is going to?

It's realistic and a better state to be closer to the spirit

He's the one that's been prophesied will oversee the destruction of the Catholic Church - looks like he's getting a head start and foreshadowing the future.Yea, king of salem,persuade all people to repent and turn away from their bad ways. Man for the poor, the broken hearted and sorrowful spirits. You have become christ like, break all graven images and worship YHWH Elohim the only one God through his only begotten son Yeshu with the help of the Holy Ghost. Thank you Yeshu Hamashech.

To become a Priest you have to pay for your own schooling.  How cheap is that.  You would think the Catholic Church being so hard up for Priest would pay for this.

The catholic church might hide its wealth for show until this pope is out then pull it right back out. The more things change, the more they stay the same.

I like him.

The least we can do is show some respect,just remember everyones day is coming..........

This guy is corrupted people, come on get away from he molesters

If you want a "poor church", you could go broke paying restitution to the victims of sexual abuse by priests and church officials.

Hey  I work fo

Wouldn't it be wonderful if he guided the Catholic Church back to the revealed Word?  But then that would do away with the Catholic Church, so it will never happen.

The new pope,i pray that almighty God will strengthen you&amp;empower you to pilot the church of God to the highest level because every work has its own reward from above,may God be with youLet's see where the money actually flows, will it go to the poor or to million dollar anti-gay political campaigns fighting marriage equality.   In Minnesota they spent at least a million bigotry.

Actually the "Church" has more magnetism for the poor AND illiterate.

John Paul II had hoped for a Pope like this and had recommended the Cardinals elect a Pope from the Spanish-speaking Americas.  How sad the years of Benedict were wasted.  I (a non-practicing Catholic) pray the church will clean house of pedofiles, allow priests to marry, maybe allow women priests.  Also, while they are at it, empty the vaults of the billions of treasures.  Why not build a museum where everyone can go see these artifacts and use the money from entrance fees to feed the poor?  They could probably end world hunger with the money they have.

Yeah right. Nothing but white smoke and mirrors. New boss same as the old boss. The pope is nothing more than a figure head for the biggest fraud the world has ever known.

these child obsessed monks think people will forget what kind of perverts and s*h*i*t heads they are with the crimes against humanity they commited?

"It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God."look at   where the pope  lives , a multi million dollar residence complete with servants .GOLD blings all over him ,sitting in a golden thrown and drives around in a million dollar bullet proof car.Religion is the poison fo the world.......CARDINAL Keith O'Brien is being investigated for sexual misconduct in the Vatican on the very night he was made a cardinal.

In compliance with the wishes of the Pope . . . . from now on I'll be TAKING money from the collection plate.

Wow most of u people sound so twisted and sinnister with your tongue as sharp as Satan himself. shame on u. slither away!!!

The real man of god is talking so we look

Excuse me has he looked around where he will be living? There will be no Poor Church.. just poor followers.I think he needs our co-operation in this onerous task

this servant of God needs our prayer.He is facing with challenging and uncommon tasks. But I have great hope in him, because, the Lord chose him and nobody else. I applause pope Francis for saying yes ,once again, to the almighty call.

David's opinion does not matter,its a free world.He can hate or hurl insults at the new Pope,what goes round come around!

pope francisco better watch his back ,he may be taken out by his brethren for speaking non sense. helping the poor. yeah right!  the church takes from the poor and the ignorant not the other way around.

What a big phony.  If he really cared about helping the poor, he would sell off the enormous assets of the Church and donate the wealth to the poor.

ok lets see the Vatican giving up their wealth.  lets start now.let me see, he pays for dinner.  from what money?  money that parishoners gave him? or money that he extorted from someone?   this selection for pope will not comfort the critics.what is really unbelievable is catholics willingness to sweep facts under the rug and support every single thing coming from the Vatican.  seems like the lazy way of denial....

I like this man and his values. He is someone we can all believe in. God Bless.

If churches and religious people would have always done what god wanted them to do we NEVER would have had to create wlefare and foodstamps and social security....BUT CHURCHES AND RLEIGOUS PEOPLE DONT HELP POOR AND SICK AND OLD NEAR ENOUGH.................AS THEY ARE TOLD TO.

The RC church is clever with words.  But the actions are always pretty much the same.

Well, if he does not forget the poor, he will be a first in my lifetime as the church has gathered more and more riches off the loyal donations of many of the poor who could ill afford their tithing, what they gave back was not visible, at least not to me. I am equally appalled by the millions that have been paid out in legal fees to fight the claims of pedophilia and crimes against children that have been hidden for generations. When visiting the Vatican, seeing all the riches in art, gold displayed, and thinking of how many starving people such riches would feed, I was somewhat disgusted.  Then, having to pay to even use the toilet in the Vatican, I thought, what a rip off.The Poop is a nincompope.

Hopefully not too poor since it won't be able to help the poor. It is kind of like taxing the rich to death that they can't help the poor anymore.

Money is an inanimate object, neither innately good nor bad.  There's no great goal in being poor.  It's the love of money that is the root of all evil, not money itself.  Money reveals the character of the person using it; it doesn't decide it.  Last I checked, just about any good dead that needs to be done in the world requires a fair amount of money.  It's just a tool.  The rich man couldn't get through the eye of the needle (a small back gate used for security reasons) because he couldn't let go of his riches, not because he had them.  Afterall, Abraham was blessed with abundance in land and many other riches.  The promised land was flowing with milk and honey, those are riches.

The Catholic Church relies on poor illiterate peasants to maintain its strengthand influence. That is why they oppose abortion - they want women to bepoor, pious and permanently pregnant.High educated intelligent successful people do not need organized religion!!!

Helping the poor is one way of serving God, but the main mission of the Church is to help the world understand and follow Jesus Christ.

this guy might be alright after all. VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis, giving his clearest indication yet that he wants a more austere Catholic Church, said on Saturday that it should be poor and remember that its mission is to serve the poor

I'm really getting to like this Pope. He is what I always thought a Pope should be.  And I like the changes he started making. God bless him.

Pope Francis will be fine as long as he doesn't marry Tammy Faye Baker or partner with Pat Robertson!  Robertson's message is simple "God loves you and needs money &amp; here's the address to send it to".

He can talk the talk. But until I see him walk the walk ,I will never believe a word from his lips!

I love our New Pope Francis!! He will be good for My Church!! He is a very Humble man who loves &amp; serves the Poor Like St. Francis of Assisi!! God Bless Us All!!The vatican is Satan's playground.

"Pope Francis wants Church to be poor, and for the poor."  Pope Francis, you're preaching something that is TOTALLY AGAINST THE CATHOLIC'S TENET..... This is considered SEDITION.   The priests want to maintain the wealth.  sell forgiveness.   condemn those that don't pay.   and molest at will.Pope Francis.  You're suppose to be Pope for life.  Don't say or do something that would make you an "INTERIM POPE."   The CONCLAVE of JACKALS can make that happen.

"Pope Francis wants Church to be poor, and for the poor"In the words of Owen Meany:I DON'T SEE THAT HAPPENING DO YOU?

I thought the Church was for all people, rich and poor, a means to be together serving God and our neighbors while on Earth.

The Catholic Church could also do away with too much ceremony which borders on superstition and bureaucracy, and focus more on saving the family unit. Many a divorce happened because of the selfishness of one spouse in pursuing own goal at the expense of the family unit. Although the Church is strong on marriage and divorce is not allowed, it unfortunately does not recognize a state-sanctioned marriage without church vows, hence allowing for divorce, which contradicts its supposedly strong stand on the sanctity of marriages.I knew this because a bishop once said that divorce is no problem where the church vow was absent, despite the union being state sanctioned with witnesses and traditional ceremonies, and produced two children. That broke the heart of the spouse who did not want the divorce, but had hoped for the Church to save the marriage and family unit. The other spouse, a Catholic had strayed and found someone else, and insisted on divorce.

I'm not Catholic, however I admire this man.  Unfortunately if he starts messing around with the Church's money he will be killed.  Look what happened to Jesus after his encounter with the money changers in the temple.  They murdered him on a cross.

This is a great idea and I know how he should do it.First figure out the entire wealth of the Catholic church, money, gold(and I bet there is lots of that), land, investments and all holdings, figure out what it takes to pay everyone that works for the church and what the daily expenses are to run the church, subtract that from the total and the divide the rest by 7 billion people and thats how much everyone in the world gets. Minus my 10% commision for thinking of this great way to distribute the wealth.

Have to say that his messages that Jesus is the center of the church and focusing on the poor should resonate with all believers.  Also good example of practicing what he preaches by traveling by church bus instead of the papal limo.  Will see what the future holds for the Catholic church.

How can a broke people, or a broke church help anyone?  It takes money to help raise people out of poverty. If you have money u can educate youth, u can buuld homes and provide for the homeless and u can feed the poor. How can u make a difference poor?

never cared to much about popes and the church...but this pope may change my feelings about the church.  i like him.Beware the Ides of March, Pope. You're going after the cardinals fat bank rolls

A few more pedophile lawsuits and his hopes about poverty will come to pass.

lets see...a poor church helping the poor. hmmm, where is the money coming from, to help the poor? all of the people even though the catholic church has billions in real estate, contributions, etc. (pssst..the church won't be poor.)

Where did all that gold in the Vatican come from?

Mission is to preach the gospel!  I doubt they ever heard a salvation message!

This should be interesting. With all the ornate decorations just seen on TV, I can imagine how baroque it must be in private areas. The church has an enormous amount of money. If they turn him lose, there may be a lot less. Would be nice to see a more human pope, instead of those who have incorporated themselves into the trinity.

You can't BE poor and help the poor at the same time. Helping the poor takes lots of money. He will be the last Pope anyway.

where does a  good, devote RC send the  bail me out application. francisco is better then obama. what's the curia anyway. they kill people?  shame on them. lots of funny stuff in these comments. just trying to add a bit more. up down does not really matter just that someone cares enough to read my posts makes me happy. thanks

I am with you, Pope.

Pope Francis' is trying to move the Church in the right direction, working through the hierarchy will be another thing. He is already setting a wonderful example for others to follow. However many in the Vatican like the power and perks!  I have heard that the value of the art that the Vatican owns is in the billions - just think what good work could be done with just some of that $!!The guy better watch his mouth...John Paul I was murdered just for messing with the Vatican Bank's business of laundering money for the mob.

Good luck with that,  they better have a huge garage sale with all the gold, art work etc. stashed in the Vaticans basement vaults,    yeah good luck with that, but on the bright side i dont have to give the leeches money every sunday

Applause for the pope with one caveat... the rich need Christ as much as the poor. I hope he moves the money out of the vatican and returns it to local churches where it can be used in a meaningful way.

In our time there is too much separation between the classes, between the rich and the poor. The poor today do not suffer physically as much as the poor did a century or so ago. The poverty of the poor is more a matter of disconnection. Maybe Francis will be an inspiration to many, including the well off to not be so afraid to engage with others of a different class. In church we all knell together, but we need more that that.

You guys really believe that he choose that name on his own??? Come on! He was chosen because there is a new image they desperately need for a church that everybody is growing to despise! All this circus of the pope paying the hotel bill is just pathetic, if something like that came from the heart it would have been done in private: IT IS ALL ABOUT CREATING AN IMAGE!! WHAT A SHAME! WHAT HYPOCRISY!

Francis the Pedophile!!!

REALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY?So he's going to give away their billions and billions?What a ******* liar.

Jesus wanted the Church to be poor, and got nailed up for it.

I heard that Pope Benedict converted to a Muslim. Please someone tell me it is not true.

Why does a pope need armed guards?Why can't Jesus and the magical ghost can't protect him?It's obvious.  Jesus and the magical ghost are completely imaginary.Translation=Catholic church wants to continue hoarding money and power like it has for thousands of years and keep the poor peasants as poor peasants.

Pope Francis  has spoken to our hearts!! Lets get back to caring about other instead of our selfs.  I may be going back to church and feeling good about what we are here to do for others. Our world would be a lot better if we look to help others.  GOD BLESS THE POPE!!!

I'm not Catholic but I pray for Pope Francis success and I love his support for the poor, which is what Jesus taught to the masses.

Clearly this Pope has an understanding of what Jesus wanted for the church.  Now comes the big challenge - changing 2000 years of an entrenched bureaucracy whose purpose was to accumulate wealth and power while paying lip service to the original mission.  This is going to be like watching someone who gets elected president of the US under a platform of true reform (IE taking the US government back to what was intended by the original framers of the Constitution) taking on the rest of the government.  While I wish Pope Francis the best in his efforts to reform the church and believe in his mission, I see his chances as slim to none.  Hopefully he'll have many good years to work on this and won't "quietly die in his sleep."

Its nice to see the new Pope has a sense of humor.

The church should liquidate all assets and institute a global family planning program.  Feed all who volunteer for sterilization...it's our only chance.  Otherwise we'll continue to grow at nearly 100 million a year.

Spread all that Vatican wealth among the poor !!!

The poor go to catholic church, the rich go to synagogue.

That's hurt for the Philippine Roman Catholic Church that pope Vincente 1 tell ALL the Roman Catholic Church in the World TO BE POOR and that's for the POOR PEOPLE in the country, goodbuy very fat belly's, Listen, to be poor is not an deadly sickness, you have to learn to be used on it, special for an Priest it's not shamefull, Jesus Christ his fortun where the clothes he were and for the rest nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Excellent.  The Catholic Church is the source of some of the world's poverty with their teaching people who have limited resources not to limit family size. This church and wealth billionaire Mexicans like Carlos Slim need to take care of the poverty in Latin America and instead of forcing the problem on middle class America.  I was appalled when Obama had Carlos Slim on his immigration panel-PLEASE.  Like I am going to take advice from some rich Mexican.  I ignore him the same way I ignore the MALE MEXICAN anti-abortion protesters that stand in front of our local Planned Parenthood clinic.Ah, the socialist mindset. Admittedly, the roman catholic church has been among those who have pirated the world's wealth, but this 'for the masses' message is just another play to sway and control the unthinking .And everyone is not a child of GOD.Maranatha!

Yea right. Catholics are dirt poor but the Catholic church is filthy rich.

=------------------------the roman church---- -is what it is---the synagog of satan-----------

I wish one of the abused boy bite Francis the Pedophile's D!@K off!!

At least this Pope has a clear vision. One can find peace, humility and personal wealth in the emptiness of poverty. Sure money can buy some happiness and make this life a little easier, but its nothing you can take with you. Only your memories and the deeds you do follow you beyond death. People forget this wrapped up in their day to day lives. It would make sense why greed is a deadly sin. It robs you a truly fulfilled life.

"Pope Francis wants Church to be poor, and for the poor" is an illuminati joke about "catholic church", to be also stripped of all reminaing assets (real estate, art), as it will be officially banned.GOOGLEMArio Broglio BerGOGlio Francis, Hussein Obama II, Psy Gangnam Style v Justin Bieber: FAKE v REAL public executions

you dont trust god, you go to hellif you believe in god, they would guarantee a place in heavenbut dont forget, there was no border control or passport checking or airport security,you always had a way to sneak into heavensand god is gracious and forgiving- he would not punish you and instead reward you a citizenship in heaven.

YAHOO IDIOTS I TOLD you to get ris of those stupid yellow ribbons idiots.

in my 60+ yrs this is the first pope in the 'real world'  GOD BLESS POPE FRANCIS.

we want the CHURCH to be PUBLIC DOMAIN - still don't see any change at all. It's all a ploy trying to deceive people that there are changes,  the problem is the culture of secrecy is still intact. what a SHAMEduring the reign of the recent former pope the vatican was embroiled in the prosecution of a worker who blew the whistle on money laundering withing the vatican. yearly the catholic church pays out millions to victims of sexual abuse by its own pedophile priests &amp; priests who are caught sexually abusing children are simply just transferred rather than being defrocked, fired or prosecuted legally for their sexual abuses. if the vatican truly wants to serve people of all denominations - not just the catholics - it is truly time for the church to live the existence of the pauper &amp; help all those who wish to follow God &amp;/or are seeking Him . . .

I pray that great art owned by the Vatican will be sold and the money will be used for the missions around the world, especially for the children's schools.

Pope Francis has a very hard work ahead, I wish him luck! God Bless you Pope Francis!!

Starting to sound like Obama...

nice..so let's tear down the vatican and st peter's basillica, sell everything, give all the wealth to the poor!         well obviously cuz the poor can do nothing to god..whereas the rich can really hurt god ...by financing the murder of its child/ren (aka the son jesus)!   so then ....let's stop the church from asking the poor to buy candles or to pay for baptisms and for burials and weddings!   the man made/invented concept of the church might want many things...but the real god, who did not say 'let there be churches,' has a different need - to see as many people suffer as possible....aka. that is why we have so many darn poor people on the planet; so be carfull pope....god allready took down your predecessor!

How much does she wear in vintage robes and jewelry?  How much do those limos cost?

Does this mean that a ticket to Heaven is going to cost less now?  How are they going to do that with the rising price of jet fuel?

If the church is poor how can it implement its good ideas and deeds to help the poor? Even in the secular world even when one wants to help and is doing something good most people ignore them - if the rich will be trully helping their less fortunate neighbors then this will be a better world for all --- TALK IS CHEAP.The Pope should weed out bad priests and nuns and be very strict in selection of religious people who minister to the people including "cardinals".Papacy is not a popularity contest - Jesus knows what really is in the hearts and minds of all of us!Pope Francis looks like to really mean well but thinking and saying is very different from doing!!

i Like the New Pope and i will everyday pray for him as we need his blessing too though i was born into the Roman catholic family  i left the fold b/c of the things i saw happening in the church 2 Timothy 2 verse 19 - 20 THE LORD KNOWS WHO ARE HIS...........am happy with the Synagogue Church of all Nations.Thank God for everything.May God bless Pope Francis 1 and Prophet T.B.Joshua,amen.

If the world wants change,and for things ,to get better,( not easier), then  the  change, must start   with the one everyone seesCapitalizing of the church was one issue that made me leave the catholic church.  Too much money was being spent on pomp and circumstances instead of those who needed help.  I hope his mission comes true and he has a long papacy if this does happen.  It needs to happen.

well he for sure might have good intentions but the almighty Curia will make short shrift all that. i do not think one minute that the fellow cardinals will want to give up all the pomp and riches that they live in and live with. fat cars, big mansions, young boys ( or girls) they have enjoyed a live of debauchery and NO ONE is going to take it away from them. it would not be the first reform oriented Pope who lived a very short time in the vatican.-Hell hath no fury like the Curia scorned- to amend a very popular proverb.... if Ratzinger would talk or read here, he for sure would agree with me.

Im agnostic and angry. The man talks the talk. We will c said the blind man.

iis there any information on the number of non-catholic christians?

It would be nice to see the ALL churches follow in his foot steps...God does not pick and choose who he helps we are all his children...

When a person has to take a fake name, what he does will be fake as well.  No real person there.

If the church is poor, how can they take care of the poor? God never intended for His people to be poor. All throughout the Bible, He talks of blessing His people so they can be a blessing to others.

Does this mean all the cult followers no longer have to send money to pay for all the child rape cover ups and pay offs?

religion is bullshittest thing ever suck people money from them. they are more evil then the government that steals

I've said to my friends and family many times that the church should sell off the vast riches they hold in rome and take care of the people who are truly in need...I hope this pope will do just that....You want your religion to be poor? Try molestation in grand scale.

Sounds like a PR stunt.

Excuse me, the church is poor after paying out 100's of millions in molestation suits

ALL religion is a SCAM

that is rich the Vatican is the richest country on planet earth wants them to be poor hah, i would keep a close eye on this man between him and Obama they will be stirring up the illuminatis ire i give us 2-3 years people hang on its going to be a bumpy ride. by the way i am a poor man and i don't mind keeps you grounded.

If Priests don't stop molesting children it may be a reality of poverty

Lord Jesus, i Thank and Praise You for raising a pope like Pope Francis who admonish the church to think of Jesus and not the Pope.  And a man of God who stand with God regarding abortion and gay marriages not condoning it, standing for God's Truth yet open to contraceptives for health safety.  I pray for him to continue in the power of Jesus Holy Spirit to lead by his example of humility, love and poverty . Glory to God !

Keep paying for pedophilia and you will be poor.

May God help him through his pontificate and bring the church into greater union with Christ!

thousands of morons all i say. Church and everything is a scam.Wow, he sounds just like obama, he wants america to be poor and the new pope wants the church to be poor... What a scmuck he is.

call the vatican --what it is--the synagoge of satan--or the church of the romans---------

F the poor, then feed em beans and watch em walk around holding their buts.

The poor need to help themselves! I'm tired of these bleeding heart liberals giving away the farm to losers who won't work!

Great another F'ing liberal bleeding heart!

Wow this is the first time I've heard something I liked comeing from the Catholic Church in about 10 years.

fuckthe pope and the catholic church

article quote: "VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis, giving his clearest indication yet that he wants a more austere Catholic Church, said on Saturday that it should be poor and remember that its mission is to serve the poor."While you have to admire this man's concern for the poor, it was not feeding or helping the poor that was Jesus' main goal.  Yes, we should have concern for and help care for the poor but Jesus main mission in life and what he commissioned all his followers to do was "preach the good news of the Kingdom in all the earth."   Jesus ministry was to preach and teach others about God.  Jesus taught that if we "seek God's kingdom first" all these necessary material things will be provided for us by God. Matth 6:33

I feel so grateful to have the humble and wonderful leadership of Pope Francis to experience in my lifetime.

Number one priority to fix scandals is for the priest to get married before he become a priest as a prerequisite. This is the rules of the sister Coptic church of Egypt that is the same age as the Roman catholic Church.Does Paul Ryan approve the new Pope serving the poor.

His heart is in the right place but it isn't going to happen.  This church is the richest corporation in the world and they are not going to give that up, untold secretive wealth

Well, the Vatican will whip him into shape soon enough lol.  All this poor talk nonsense,  Really.

We've been attending "poor churches" for the last six years....they've closed two of them and have amalgamated the third. Pretty soon we'll be back to using tents.

From what I've read and seen on television, this man is the answer to the Catholic Church and to my humble prayers!!. Pope Francis is cut from the same cloth as Pope John XXIII. And No I don't mean just his humour and carisma (sp?) but rather the respect he has shown to people of other faiths. John XXIII opened the doors to dialogue with other faiths during the Second Vatican Council all those years ago. Sadly, it has been slowly closing. And  taking the bus and paying his bill - Hey this man doesn't just Talk the Talk but he "Walks the Walk"

He seems to be a good person but his being elected as a pope is strongly and strongly political. The governments in the world know that the countries are going bankrupt and poverty is looming in the horizon. Who is better than this pope to appease the public and stop the people from revolt against the governments!? So the crooked corporations are behind the scene trying to weave the conspiracy net. Now I can relate the resignation of  the previous pope to electing this new pope!! what the hell is waiting for us. We are going back centuries behind. WAKE UP FOLKS. THE WHOLE THING IS A SCAM.WE ARE BEING PUSHED BACK CENTURIES BEHIND TO THE ERA OF MIDDLE AGES.This is not an imagination.This is the fact.I know I am in a shear minority and many people don't believe what I say.The North Americans should keep their arms for defending themselves. for sure these monkeys going to ban the possession of arms too.MARK MY WORDS!

Then we can expect a garage sale of all the gewgaws and ostentatious trappings and artworks the church owns? It's all very well to say what you would like to do but following through is another story, Lord knows politicians do it all the time. Time will tell how sincere Francis is.

this is going to be interesting to follow, maybe he will spend the money right instead of all there hoopla. I still do not remember when the catholics started could not have been one of the apostals?

Don't kid yourself folks. This is a multi billion dollar corporation and like the Vegas saying "What goes into Rome stays in Rome".

Good luck with that pope francis 1 , it wont happen .Pope Francis 1 urged the journalists to practice...truth, goodness and beauty.....what was this saintly man smoking before he said that. That's akin to asking a Montreal politician to be honest and never take kickbacks, both cases, never going to happen.

If popie Francis wants to take care of the poor,stop taking money off them for the church,and allow them to practice birth controll,so they don't have to support the big families.OOHH I forgot,how do you take over the world if you stop breeding little catholics??.

No more blessing dictators and mafioso?

About a year ago, one of my family members who goes to church weekly told me that the Church needed money to rebuild it's steeple that was deteriorating, and was trying to raise 6 million dollars for it, and so she was expressing how she wanted to give. Can you believe that!? 6 million dollars the Priest was trying to convince the church members to help come up with so they could fix a steeple. 6 million dollars! Outrageous!!!!

Jesuit, Black Pope, Knights of Malta. Google it.

how do the poor help the poor

Refreshing.  Let's see what this man will do.

The whole church is and always was a scam for money and control. Only fools follow such cults!

Admire him for his kind words but the problem is a decent job is only thing thatwill get the poor out of poverty.  Nobody gives money for someone to live so theyneed decent jobs. Words don't lift people out of poverty. He can't lift people outof poverty. All he can do is give people hope but again you need money to live.

that,s the joke of the dayThe whole catholic religion is nothing more than a cult.

Great, now the poor can purchase a way into heaven for 10 of their money. I guess since the Catholic church helps keep the poor poor poor, they want to make it seem like things are well.

Sanctuary and peace for everybody.

As Joe Pesci says..okokokaayhhhy. Start dismantling your marble churches, (use cheaper laminates or plastics), start auctioning off all the gold objects and idols in the churches, reduce the bureaucracy(govnt-priests and bishops) and use the riches collected from the public over generations to start taking care of the poor.

Finally, Priests will no longer be in competition with Donald Trump.Loose the gold and bobbles and while your at it loose the Perverts, thieves and anyone else who goes against public morals.

Well he wants the church to be poor and be for the poor but not give them birth control. He'll keep the RC church in business that way.

It will NEVER happen! In March 1978, 33 of the world's leading Roman Catholic "liberals" met to plan a serious world-wide war on poverty, a war which the conservative and/or capitalist leaders of the world would have considered a "communist" - as opposed to a "Christian" - endeavor. Within twelve months an incredible number of those leaders had been eliminated, the few survivors were put on notice, the very brief interval during which the Roman Catholic church had liberal leadership was over, and the war on poverty was over.

sounds like they just might have a good Pope to take them into the 21 century and the issues the catholic church faces.

To me the ultimate aim of religion should be to create a World were everybody leads a good life and respects everyone else. As someone who was brought up as a Presbyterian I am at a loss to understand why Jews, Islamists etc etc let their "churchs" rule their lives and make the wear stupid clothes and hair, talk to "wailing walls", grovel on their knees, play with beads, kill other people, become suicide bombers etc. If people are homosexual or lesbian why should anyone condemn them. Those who condemn them just show they are intolerant morons. Live and let live.

But religionists really do love the "poor" don't they,  After all, they're the ones who need "faith" the most no?As he moves into his multi million dollar residence complete with servants

This guy wants the Catholic Church to be poor......what planet has he been living on ????

Put the billions of dollars the church has where your mouth is. It will not happen.

I wish Pope Francis well.  However, I believe he will face stiff resistance from the clerical hierarchy and lay bureaucracy of the Church to his vision of a Church which is materially austere and, in the words of Jesus Christ "poor in spirit."

Sell off the hidden caches of treasures...Stash the cash...and run for the hills..leaving no trace behind you..Kinda like the Incas ... They know that the Church and Vatican City is doomed to fall and they will CASH in and RUN LIKE HELL before that happens. Wait and see

I hope this pope does not get killed  because he plans big changes in the church.

sounds like a precursor aimed towards settlements with victims of abuse,  the only thing 'poor' about franky and his church is governance

So just give the churches money away,put your money where your mouth is,put  up or shut up I'll believe it ,when i see it.not until then.

Each has a different personality so I hope people stop comparing the Pope Emeritus and the current pontiff. Second, he is also referring to the poor not only materially but also spiritually. THe latter are the poorest for they are the ones who will easily fall into despair and find no purpose in life and easily falls into suicidal thoughts.

He won't be around long !  He will be kicked out with ideas like that !WAKE UP ...He doesn't mean "THE CHURCH" should be poor..he means in 'general terms"the Church Goers and Believers should be POOR ... and give MORE to the CHURCH and humble themselves. This guy is also a PERFECT PATSY for the Elite to further implementAGENDA 21 ..(with his nature loving and preaching to animals). ...Watch him like a hawk !

Good luck with that, Will the Vatican give away their gold, silver etc? How can they afford paying off the pedophile claims?

The Popes Duty is to Spread the Gospel of Christ,thats why Peter set the Catholic Church up in Rome in the first place.......Jesus said himself;.."The Poor you will always have with You"...Helping the Poor is  not  the Churchs  Reason to exist,it's existance is for Preaching the Gospel of Christ, Salvation, Redemption,  and Forgiveness ,through the shed Blood of Jesus Christ -God in The Flesh..I know many of you Hate the Spiritual Gospel, and instead Like this Popes Social Gospel,thats why he's catered to your "Iching Ears", You're itching to hear what you WANT to hear, NOT what you NEED to hear for your eternal future...If the Pope was truly a Great Man of God ,he would have the Courage to tell you what you NEED to know about the Gospel, and NOT what you WANT to hear him Say......

does anyone know what the vatican is worth

Media frenzy amid a massive yawn from the world. Something is screwy here.

If the church sold all it;s assets and gave it to the poor... they would have made no difference. They would be then begging for food.

Cigars, souvenirs, get your pimp Francis souvenirs!

so far so good

I truly wonder how long he will live for now? I hope that Gos protects him as he tries to return the church to Christ's teaching.

The church is a santuary eh.Great.. the Vatican can withdraw it's money from the Rothchild's banking cartel and distribute it to the poor.. great idea... prove you did it though ;)

If what he says is true, ditch the Vatican, its millions of dollars and give that to the poor.  When that happens talk to me.  Do you think it will?  No way the church will give up its riches.

I hope he will clean Vatican up and remove all gays who are hiding under Catholic religion.

Where does it say that Jesus forbade marriage? Some questions for Catholics or Christians in general; the ten commandments say Saturday is the holy day of the week, yet they go for mass on Sundays. Why? The second commandment states not to create graven images of living things and yet, places like the Vatican and most churches are almost art gallery's with nothing but images and paintings. Why? And most important, the first commandment says worship only the One God, yet they worship Jesus, who never claimed to be God, not in a single place in the bible.

the church would have to give away huge parcels of land and all those lavish chapels if they want to be poor.  that won't happen  another lie from the most prolific liars on earth

Now if he follows through with what he is saying then the church should back him up also the people of  the catholic religion should pick up and start going to church. But he has alot of changes to make before that happens

The roman catholic church just wants to expand it's followers base like any other Company like Apple or Samsung. More followers more influence, more money for the roman catholic hierarchy and the Vatican Bank to disappear into thieves pockets. It just loves followers to be poor as poor ill educated ignorant people  are mugs for the taking. They demand their followers breed incessantly regardless whether they can afford to give kids a decent life. No skin of the noses of catholic priests or hierarchy as they live in luxury, job for life, home and wages for life, no kids to support.

WOW!  A POPE for the people!

Sell the Vatican and feed the poor. The poor built it!

sell the sh#$% off and feed the poorhow many times have you seen this we will help the poor then time pass and still no help for the poor

The blind leading the blind. Religion is a joke, including and especially catholicism. Try reading the Bible and learn from God that way, not what some foreign papist confused and contradictory statements may or may not indicate. It's so obvious these fools have been arrogantly fooling the world for 2000 years, based on even ancient, pagan rites and rituals. Everything from their clothes and titles down to their inherited organizational structure. What a religiously deceptive joke!

If it's for the poor why don't they send money to the poor Catholic Countries. The Vatican is worth billions.

The roman catholic church is a joke. What do they expect an old man of 76 years to do to clean up the numerous problems of the r c church e g being a nest of child abusing perverts?What makes him so Holy when he is elected just like a President by a bunch of Archbishops who are perverts or hiding child abusing perverts.To be a follower of the r c church is a sad indictment of anyone.

Words are cheap, and if he really means it so is his life - not worth a plug nickel as per John Paul I.

The RC Church 'poor'? And environmentally responsible? As much as the new Pope may be sincere about these things, I'll believe it when I see it, doubting Thomas that I am!

I forgot to mention in my earlier Comment that men and women should be treated as equals. To not do so shows the men are still living in the Dark Ages and should be kicked out of the Civilized World and sent back to the Third World (Africa, Asia, Arab Countries)were they belong.

I keep hearing that Banks are not lending to Companies who are trying to build their businesses and drive the economies of the World out of recession.The roman catholic church has billions of assets and income. Instead of holy roller preaching and preaching about poverty it's time the r c church did something constructive and put it's hand in it's pocket and helped the World economy. As it stands now countries are struggling to pay benefits to and support the excess kids bred per the demands of the r c church ( if you can't feed them, don't breed them--exercise personal responsibility.).

And maybe, just maybe. He believes the church is the body of people, and not the building.I've met many people of which do not believe in God/ The Great Spirit/ The Great One/ Alla. It does not matter. Because, God believes in You.

I'm an Atheist, and the bible with it's ten commandments is nothing more than obvious "common sense" Thou shall not kill, thou shall not commit adultery, etc....If this pope dude actually wants to do RIGHT by people, than more power to him.But for too long the church has been nothing more than a tool to manipulate and control the masses.Lest we forget the dark ages. The worst point in history of mankind. All thanks to religion.Stephen Hawking said it best: " God is the story you tell adults who are afraid of the dark."I'm an Atheist, and the bible with it's ten commandments is nothing more than obvious "common sense" Thou shall not kill, thou shall not commit adultery, etc....If this pope dude actually wants to do RIGHT by people, than more power to him.But for too long the church has been nothing more than a tool to manipulate and control the masses.Lest we forget the dark ages. The worst point in history of mankind. All thanks to religion.Stephen Hawking said it best: " God is the story you tell adults who are afraid of the dark."

The new Pope can give give to the poor and snub the rich. Lets see how long that formula works!!!!!

It's not going to happen. The well-to-do Bishops and Cardinals are spoiled and they will not give up their luxury.  Although modern Catholic leaders have good intentions they should consider the pilferred property and wealth locked up in the Vatican taken from the poor and innocent victims during the Middle Ages and the Inquisition.

The "Pope" sells "Snake Oil" on the side . And , its been told that "Jesus" had a magic book on the go , before he died .

I have a good feeling about this Pope.

sell all church assets. and give the money to the poor and homeless ect.

There will always be lots of poor and one of the major factors is the roman catholic church demanding their flock to breed incessantly regardless whether or not they can afford financially to give kids a good life. Look at the poor countries like Mexico, Ireland etc etc and most are roman catholic. As a Presbyterian I had two kids who both have University Degrees and are leading good lives. I had the kids when I could afford them then I had the big "snip" afterwards

he can start by selling the vatican, abolishing this silly hierarchy, and living as the christians did in acts 2.

Only time will tell how effective a leader Pope Francis proves to be.  I like what I see so far.  A non practicing Catholic.

Very easy for the Pope to use the word "Poor" when he has always been, sense entering the Priesthood, waited on hand and foot by Nuns, has never worried about where his next meal will come from, or if a roof over his head will be available to keep him warm.  Now, he is a willing captive, contained within the walls of a museum and even more removed from the daily lives of his followers and living with treasures worth trillions of dollars.  Local Churches are already  poor and closing shop, one by one.  Why, young people are no longer afraid of the Church, the devil, the rules.  The fear of God has disappeared, no longer are the adherents afraid of the priests, of eating meat on Fridays, no more reciting the rosary day in and day out,etc etc, it's all gone.  Decent young men who do hear a calling to serve don't want to enter for fear of being associated with the "secretive boys club" and having people always wondering...is he one of them...  If the Pope follows the route that Mother Theresa took of always wanting to feed and look after the poor, instead of helping them to get out of poverty then everything is only going to get worse.  Oh, the Church will and are getting an increased number of Nuns and Priests in poverty stricken Countries because that will be one way for those people of getting a meal and an education.  I have one friend who became a Nun and so did her 3 sisters, why because they were so cold and hungry (came from a family of 14) they knew if they joined they would be educated and fed. At one time that was the main reason for most young men and women, from North America, joining...Now, with welfare, this route is not appealing any longer.  One can sit on their butts, have kids, drink, smoke and be as ignorant as can be.  Sad situation all the way around.They have tons of gold in the Vatican. If he really means it, give it to the needy.

I live in a very poor country and it sure seems that the church's goal is to keep the people poor and ignorant, like they have done for centuries.

If he wants the church to be poor he's in the wrong church, but you think he would have figured that out before he got to be pope.

A poor church... I'll believe it and give credit when it happens, which I would bet dollars to doughnuts that it never will.

Dam rights the Roman Catholic Church will be poor after they pay out all the law suits over the pedophile priests antics ...the old goon pope is just trying to say it in a politically correct way

That's not going to work.  They enjoy their gold tableware, gold rings and artwork too much.  Besides it's a tradition of the Church, keep the people poor, ignorant and beaten down...much easier to control them that way.  It's a tradition after all.  Worse thing to happen to the Church was when common people were allowed to learn how to read.

I stopped going to one church because it became about money, status based on money, every thing became about money and nothing was about What Church was supposed to be about. Haven't been back there since. I guess when a place and a group of people get in the way of worship, the best thing to do is walk away, say nothing, and leave them to their own end.

we'll see how long this guy stays alive.There was a pope in the 1960's who had the same outlook but was assasinated.

The war of the 21st C. : Pope Francis against Neo-Liberalism.Even with God backing him, the Pope will not win out!!

"Pope Francis wants Church to be poor, and for the poor"Whatever.  Then they should sell the artifacts in the Vatican museums.Does this guy belong to the same college as Benedict XVI did, the descendants of the Inquisition?

The Church stayed silent on the treatment of Jews in Germany; no reason to expect the new Pope to have said much during the Argentinian military dictatorship. Come to think of it, did the Church say much during Pinochet's Chile?

If the Church wants to be poor, it could make those payouts in Canada, Australia to claimants against the Church for wrongs suffered during the various 'stolen generations' and 'residential schools' issues. I understand that the governments of those two countries footed the bills for the Church.Payouts to those who suffered at the hands of "Christian Brothers" might also go a long way towards keeping the Church poor...

He wont be CEO for long if he really thinks that's gonna fly.  I hope he can pull it off somehow.

he  is living in a pretty posh place for a guy who wants to be poor !!!  right tell them what they want to hear !!!

Given the reality of the European sovereign dept crisis, he is giving sound advise

well if he means it, it would be nice to see the vatican set the example and give away 90% of its generations of collected millions to the poor. if they should do such a thing, there wont be a single starving child left on this planet with the vatican's great stored up wealth in its vaults. talk is one thing, produce the proof is another.

It is the divine guidance of the holy spirit, that has chosen this pope. As for those who say that the church is in decline in the west, and flourishing in the 3rd world countries, should we be surprised by that! In the words of Jesus, "it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of God." Matthew 19:24Btw, the churches I attend in Markham, Toronto, and surrounding area's are packed with parishioners and many of them are young.  So, I would say that the church would survive just fine, just as it has for 2000 years, counter to what we hear in the media.

you really want that pope? force every church to pay taxes(if country doesnt want to tax them) make them pay some sort of donations to the respective governments.. but im not gonna hold my breath .. after all God wants money right?

And the next pope to die suddenly will be.... You don't try to take money away from the mafia or the church, and live too long to tell about it. As for the sex scandals, they have always been there, just there is more media reporting of it now. It's like prostitution, the oldest profession, and still going strong despite efforts to the contrary.Outrageous,who do people think are the decision makers in Rome,really!!Easy said but this will N E V E R  happen for the Pope is only a puppet...............come on now,awaken!! Centuries of empty speeches,your best buying a lottery ticket for the odds are much higher at having your dreams fufilled.

"give all that you have to the poor and follow me"  ...and the man went away sad because he had many riches.

FINALLY, A good pope!.......Maybe he'll move away from all the opulence and pagentry and actually help the POOR? like the church used to do before it got greedy...I really hope and pray this guy can turn this sinking ship around before it sinks!

This tremendous wealth came from poor and poorer during two Millenniums. This wealth is full of blood, sweat and tears. He is Jesuit and Chief of Opus Dei (Vatican's hybrid of Nazis Gestapo and Russian KGB) and his doctrine is "kill if it is needed for the good of the Church". Did he announced how is he going to distribute the wealth? Justice is coming Francis.

Proof that Christians are "better" than Muslims.Muslims pray on their knees.Christians pray on their knees on padded kneelers.   LOL

I thought that was their plan 2013 years ago?

the catholic church (like most big churches) like all the money they have why would they give it up to help those pesky poor people?

"truth, goodness and beauty"...St. Francis of Assisi, Boetius, John Paul II, and now Francis I: the "right track" of Catholicism.  Glory to the Father, Son and Holy Spirit!

A poor Church is not a Christian teaching, but then the Catholic Church is not what it claims to be, the direct descendent of the early Church and the continuation of the apostolic line.

So does that mean their going to sell off all those priceless pieces of art they own..........define "poor".church maybe.... not it's leaders

He is a Jesuit...the very people who looted the gold in South America.

Mike is right, but i have to say Francis' is starting off on the right foot.

I like the attitude of the new pope....a person for the poor like Jesus alway's said and done.

Anybody who believes a word out of this church needs a check up from the neck up! The richest corporation in the world with all the scruples of wall street.

He wants the RCC to be poor!! What so they do not have to pay settlement for all the kids the buggered?

Platitudes, platitudes, platitudes and more the same. Nothing will substantially change. The organization that Paul set up in Rome is still making money. That's what it will and has always done.

spiritual energy - love -god-divinity-is unlimited accepting and abundant. So how does this Pope justify the fact that women are not treated equally, neither are homosexuals, as both groups are not allowed to serve as priests, archbishops or popes. Also, I hope he does plan to give away some of the money the church holds onto, here in Canada, there is huge amounts of prime real estate that the Catholic church owns and then they constantly demand more and more money from there parishoners, some of which have a limited income. In the meantime, the last pope is waiting for his suite to be rennovated.

this guy's gonna get Assassinated.  and it will be done by assassins paid by a group of cardinals.

Unless you are Catholic your opinions mean nothing.  Non-Catholics have issues in their own churches but deflect them onto a proud and strong religion.  Keep your nose out of other people's business.  Not every priest strayed in their vows to the church... but you only hear of the ones that had.  And those people publicly exposing them want money.  If you were sexually abused by anyone other than a man in a Catholic robe, you would not see settlements as generous.  Not that what those kids went through was not horrific... but parents should have taught their kids better (they were not all orphans).  Again, if you are not Catholic you need not push your religious views on us.  And just to get it out there.... humans should learn from animals.  They do not abort their pregnancies...they kill for food and to protect.  Those that abort usually regret what they did and get years of therapy.  Abortion is sub-level thinking.  Life is a gift. If you don't want a child then prevent it.  (There are still too many women out there not using birth control.. and that is the real issue.  If you use birth control, then you will not get pregnant if raped).  Prevention is BEST.  or  What if your mother had an abortion when she was pregnant with you?I smell a rat. He wants everyone to be poor....so how can someone that's poor help anyone if everybody is poor? I think he want's YOU to be poor so HE can rule over you...that's a good minion...hahaha! You thought Ratzinger was bad...wait till this clowns TRUE colors start showing.

Is this a sermonette to prepare people for the coming global economic collapse?

he i think is going to make a peoples pope.and we all could follow in his foot steps.in spending less on  things we really don;t need.i think im going to like this man.seems frendly not like  pope benedict .we really seen him out and about .but he was up in years when he became pope.

Thats scary -

Great! Now start taxing the churches - result, end of depression/recession

The Vatican has billions, perhaps trillions of dollars in the most beautiful sought after properties around the world, and its basements are full of gold, silver, art, and many treasures given it by its old friend "HITLER" for the favours done for HIM!!  How soon you Catholic’s forget, or is that one of its many secrets?   Morally poor, criminally rich!!  Oh yes, Jesus said forgive wrongdoers that are repentant of their sins, not those that continue in their sinful ways, so as to gain GOD’s favor not that of man.The entire Catholic Church appears to be full of corruption, wickedness, lies, secrecy, no one man can fix it.  When the last pope was pressured to deal with the widespread homosexuality and child abuse from among priests and cardinals what did he do, decide good time to take cozy retirement in the lap of luxury, while millions of its members live in poverty and confusion.    It is just as Jesus said ….thrown about with no shepherd.

This is what separates christians from big nosed christ killers. Jesus tried to change j.ew, but you cannot change the characte of loan sharks

In other words.... if you are not a Catholic then what the Pope does does not concern you.  Attend your own church (or not)

And I want the Church to actually follow the teaching of Jesus Christ, that everyone is loved and should love each other.But I don't that will happen, they will just continue on their way of hating women, and gays, and anything post 1200AD.But I'm sure they will still be loving the little children.

Thats like saying Donald Rump should be poor and make the poor care for his sorry arsthe Catholic church is the most wealthy private entity in the world.  Reduce the tithing from 10% to 5% AND I'LL BELIEVE YOU.

The roman catholic church is a joke. What do they expect an old man of 76 years to do to clean up the numerous problems of the r c church e g being a nest of child abusing perverts?What makes him so Holy when he is elected just like a President by a bunch of Archbishops who are perverts or hiding child abusing perverts.To be a follower of the r c church is a sad indictment of anyone.