I don't think the Egyptians like the guy or the Muslim Brotherhood.

The financial corruption ended with Mubarek, but the political corruption began with Morsi.

The truth is, only an absolute idiot would convert to Islam after reading the Quran.........*(I can understand why a billion Muslims in Muslim countries are followers of this barbaric cult: they were born Muslim and therefore have no choice but remain Muslim at the pain of death. It also helps that most Muslims have never read the Quran since 6 out of 10 Muslims are ILLITERATE.This explains why so many of them believe their religion to be beautiful, peaceful and tolerant: they don't know jack#$%$ about Islam.

Morsi is a terorist leader, thug and liar, and friend of BOBO's!BOBO Gifted the MuslimBrotherhood a squadreon of F-16s and 200 Advanced Armored Battle Tanks about 2-3 months ago, as we go deeper, deeper,and deeper into debt with China and whoever else BOBO can borrow from, like a drunk kid in a candy store!then he gives them $ 250 Million in aid as they burned Ameican Flags and burned /loot our Embassy in cairo...while he tells American parents he can't find $18,000 tfor the WH Tour Program, or let kids tour the WH!Is this Shameful and Disgusting...all politics, no leadership or concern for the country???

The Egyptian people cannot get a break. I feel bad for them, they fought, many died, to try to make their world better and the oppressive controlling brotherhood is screwing them over .

Not surprised. I happened to meet a Muslim Egyptian man long before the elections in Egypt. He clearly expressed hope that Muslim Brotherhood would not rule Egypt.

Islamic Wahabis Shariah law doesn't work in the 21stcentury

Why is the Muslim Brotherhood Supreme Leader Mohammed Badie depicted wearing an American flag hat and carrying an American Flag?

Well what happened to rushing through the constitution would provide stability?

''sacrifice their lives for the president'' in which method ? suicide bombing etc against the opposition ?Firstly,take care of your supporters with promised money that you don't have.

If thousands of people are outside protesting them then they should not be in power.

Bottom line is that if oil did not exist in large quantities they would still be murdering each other instead of american soldiers.

Forget the Qur'an.  Read Philip Roth and Josepth Heller instead.  You'll thank me if you do.  That there is some fine and literate writing.

in fighting is the best way to rid the world of Muslim sc-m

It would appear that it may be wise to eliminate Military aid to Egypt based on it's corrupt leadership and insecurity.  Chance may be that those materials and weapons may be used against us or Isreal at some future date.  Perhaps Obama is advocating gun control to eliminatean arab spring at home.  He was born a Muslim and seems to favor that culture.

is Egypt headed in Syria's direction?

obama should be Very Happy and Dancing right now.

I think Egyptians like too much more the terrorist Muslim Brotherhood Supreme Leader Mohammed Badie than his rat, the President Mr Morsi.

Looks like their Arab Spring is still going on.Too little too late Mosri. It all started when you Islamized the constitution and brought in the bearded old  men from the brotherhood with their Sharia funny ideas.

The AP neglected to mention a small fact about the project openings in that province, Mubarak started those projects and upon completion Morsi took credit for. This is well known in sohag which is why everyone there hated the visit even more than they normally would have anyways.

Obviously that little boy doesn't understand global politics and will just be another victim of indoctrination.

This was bound to happen.Seek ye THE LORD JESUS while HE may be found. The pursuit of riches will cause one to error from The Faith, because now your eyes are off THE ONLY ONE WHO can Save you.

DOWN DOWN MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD

What if instead of giving our tax dollars to Egypt he would have had a lottery of all taxpayers to win that much money?  Really there are not that many of us.

Thanks for sending my tax dollars to Egypt Odumbo.

why dont we send our elected officials to jail like them?

Would someone please explain to us why Morsi is presented as "Uncle Sam" holding an American flag????Is there something we in America do not know about our president? Is he affiliated with the brotherhood?The people of America have not been able to understand the politics of the administration and the media seems to be controlled by whom ever is pulling his strings.This is a story worth printing.Lazarus

And WE'RE "Satan".We have a bloodless revolution every two years (a bigger one every four) that is the envy of the world, and WE'RE "Satan".The Peace of Allah, coming to a country near you, folks.Choose.Too little and way too late Morsi. From the beginning, you should of have started doing good deeds like opening new schools, reforming the police, and so forth. But noooo, you stared with the islamification of the constitution, being a wannabe pharaoh, and shoving ideologies of the brotherhood down people's throat. I don't know how you will be able to survive this avalanche of protests? You lost the support of the people, it's too late Morsi.