They commited a crime by sneaking in here. What don't you stupid politicians understand about that ? We are going BROKE. The whole world can't come and stay and mooch off of the taxpayers. This country is screwed.

Neither the illegals nor the politicians understand the fact we American citizens do not want them here!  The illegals break the law by coming over the border illegally, then they sneak around, get jobs that should be going to Americans all because some dingbat wants cheaper labor, then the dingbat gets caught and whines about how unfair our laws are!One definite point both the politicians and the would-be lawbreakers should under stand is that the foreigners are neither wanted or welcome!NO FOREIGNERS FOREVER!SHUT DOWN ALL IMMIGRATION---LEGAL AND ILLEGALThen, maybe we Americans can have our jobs back, and do something about the diseases these people have brought in, AFTER we eradicated them years ago!

This story is just a bunch of feel good BS to make people think security is better, illegals are still coming across into the U.S. every day and night.    The only ones being deported are illegals that are convicted of crime after they have served their sentence in a U.S. prison.

It is about time. Enough is Enough.

We can't afford to secure our borders democrats saybut we can supply Syrian rebels with millions of tax dollars in food, guns and money

Go home and stay there. It's that simple.

Kill all they send and they will send no more.

One year hard labor in desert building the WALL and or $5000 fine for any Illegal caught.NO school, or any other governmnet programs for illegals or their kids...All Hospitals MUST report suspected illegals to INS/Police.$10,000 fine for hiring illegal.All Federal funds cut off to any State that harbors illegals.Problem solved.

More presstitute bs= meanwhile the criminal gutterment advertises for all of mexico to come here have all the babies they want and get free everything ====just look at the white house website===we have a bs traitor nwo cuntrolled federal nazi reserve occupied gutterment- out to destroy our republik

If this article was supposed to garner sympathy for illegals, it didn't. CLOSE THE BORDERS!If this article was supposed to garner sympathy for illegals, it didn't. CLOSE THE BORDERS!

Send in the drones.

Another bleeding heart story.

Landmines and snipers will fix most of the problems.

It is time we micro chip them, this will help sovle the over use of fake id so they get double free food stamps health care school funds cars phones, yjry still get free out of jail passes, we the mother have to stop themfrom raping are daughters

Interesting, when I go to Mexico for a vacation I show my ID at the border, and they let me in.  And when I return home same thing.  I know is sounds crazy but if you have legal documents its not that difficult to cross.  I could probably go back and forth all day if I wanted.

Illegal is an easy word to understand. It means against the law . Why have laws if not enforced?

Blood Suckers

Phony story.  A friend of mine was deported for the 3rd time last year and made it back by the weekend.  Don't believe the hype about how border security has tightened up.

round these illegal mexicans and deport there #$%$ back were they came fromround these illegal mexicans and deport there #$%$ back were they came from

send them all back and they can try to come back legally or not come back . go back about 3 generations worth !

micro chip them..like other animals ..its the humane thing to do..they get lost over here then we send them back  newtered

I worked the border on horseback.  Not all immigrants are created equal.  There are those who are a benefit to the US, and then there are those who are a hindrance.  Just like all people, there are no statis-quos.  Perhaps our system should concentrate more on determining whether or not an immigrant ("Give me your tired...) should be a citizen based on their person as opposed to their former country of origin.