Sounds like they could use a good "community organizer".

I'm Done, I was thinking the same thing!!  but I know in my town, the blacks keep their dead sometimes more than a week before burial.....I guess there are some really strong embalming methods out there!!!

And this is the direction the good old USA is taking baby step by baby step.

Venezuela unsuccessfully tried to mimic Russia's ghoulish tradition of publicly exhibiting its embalmed ideologues...a variant of idol-worship that animates every communist dictatorship to one degree or another.

Yet his surviving family members live well on the $2 Billion he stole.

He must be getting pretty ripe by now.  Hope they're passing around the Vicks.

I wonder if the poor there had "chavez" phones? just askin

Truth, many of the slums have been in place decades prior to Chavez coming to power.Truth, the population of those slums nearly doubled since Chavez came to power, and a number of new slums have sprung up.

Police with machine guns and buildings with burglar bars. Nice legacy Hugo.

Parading it around like it's the Ark of the Covenant. More like the Lost Skeleton movies. The Lost Coffin of Venezeula. The Evil dead corpse has returned to rule the Earth!

I see Bolivia's leader who endorses cocaine use is in the car along with Madura the next self proclaimed president of no free elections, no freedom of the press and supported by Iran.14 years of rule. Billions of petro dollars wasted. the slums are worse now then before he took power, rising crime, inflation over 25%,no food in the stores and the people still worship him. Go figure.

I'll wgaer Chavez's family and political cronies aren't running out of toilet paper.

Rest in H e l l

Wow, I thought according to Sean Penn, Danny Glover, MEDIA and other Leftist Liberal Democrats that everyone in Venezuela lived in a Villa and enjoyed the good life. Oh well, they are working to bring the Venezuela Lifestyle here to America. Matter of fact, Detroit, Chicago, NYC, LA, Philadelphia are all well on their way.

How long are they gonna continue to parade his rotting carcass around?

It has been estimated they have as much oil as saudia arabia ,so it makes you wonder why all the people there are in poverty ,i do not htink they are in poverty in saudia arabia

You know what? he description of the grocery stores and warehouses with govt pricecontrols sounds allot like that other paradise......Cuba. Oh I know those shortages all too well.Those think that Chavez was a Godsend need to live in Venezuela for a while.

This socialist stole over $2 billion dollars from the poor and they are so illiterate they can't understand this without a free press.

If the people loved him so much wht do they have the whole Venezuelan army standing guard?

That's odd.  After 14 years of beneficent socialism there are still slums.  What gives, guys?and all the movie stars flock to venezuela, to see this idiot that put his own people in poverty, I think I see a pattern

That leaves Obama as the most Marxist head of gov.

Chavez was an arrogant communist dictator now he can play cards with Hitler,and Stalin,Mussulini,in hell!

Chunk him in the ground already I am starting to smell the stinch. He wasn't that impressive above ground maybe he can be productive under ground

A coffin full of #$%$!

He blamed everyone else for the mess he created.  The people said it was because the businesses were hoarding, lines from chavez, of course.  It was chavez hoarding and stealing, he stole $2 billion of their money.

Too bad Chevy Chase wan't doing "weekend update" on SNL anymore like he did in the 70's.  He would say "In late breaking news, El Presidente Hugo Chavez is still valiantly fighting to remain dead".

Guess penn never drove to the slums, just stayed in chavez's palace and lived the great life.  How can they claim to be for the people, and how could they say chavez was great.  Talk to Conchita Alonso, a Venezuelan, she knew better than sean.

"It's all the plan of the private businesses," she said, repeating the government's line of attack....lmao...why would they do that?...idjuit? if they do that they can't make any money!! BUT IF what is happening can be done!! the IDIOTS can be riled up and be made to think like they are...and SHE is a Lawyer?

Socialism the equal share of misery...Chavez, like Obama, stole billions from the people while his state run news media said he was great. The US is now burdened by a news media less truthful than China's. US news journalists have become biased, ignorant, and corrupt.My kids were taught in grade school to never cite a news source to support a fact. Yes, our kids are being taught that the US news media is a lying piece of feces.

Nobody got a job or made a better life for themselves because of Chavez. He just spread poverty equally to everyone.

Glass casket---Everyone gets to watch him rot...

Police stand guard. what do they guard. The guy is gone.

News flash,,,,,they will dig him up next year and do the parades over and over

Chavez was a comunist who hated the United States,Do not buy Citgo gasoline.

When is Hollywood going to make a film about the poverty in Venezuela?  Jessie Jackson went to the funeral, he must have thought he was back in Chicago, there is so much crime there.

Toss that coffin full of garbage in the garbage truck.

Kinda like,In National lampoons vacation. When the dead grandma was paraded around the country on a station wagons luggage rack.

Milking every  vote from a dead corpse. This is a country that proves socialism doesn't work and that the ones in power are the beneficiaries of such B S. This Bus driver will drive the people deeper into poverty while he and his friends and family get rich. Pathetic country.This is why dictators want to keep people stupid, they can seel their BS to them, and they buy it, even though he flew around the world with sean peen and they didn't even have toilet paper.

Slums everywhere on the outskirts of Caracas...on the sides of mountains, one slum shanty built on top of another.  Exactly what Buckwheat and the Democrats want for the USA.

hugo and barack have a lot in common... they both blame america and americans for their shortcomings

Mommy..what stinks!

Are the Chavistas brain dead or brainwashed?

Shaun Penn still going down on his great leader?

BURY THIS THUG ALREADY

It never ceases to amaze me how the poor there cheer Chavez as a champion as they continued to live in poverty while he lived like a king. Oh wait. Same thing is going on here in the USA.

One more Communist on the "Ash heap of History".

They ought to place his body in the slums that he ignored...that would be a perfect place for him.One must think the Venezuelanos are just plain stupid!  A lawyer travels from far away to see the funeral procession and wears a pin "I am Chavez" and blames the businesses for hording food to "rile the people".  Give us a break.  Businesses want to make money, they don't want to rile businesses.  The govt. has it horded.  Find it amazing that a store that never has the basics, along the parade route, got the basics for parade day?!  The govt, stocked the shelves so people would flock to the parade route....looking like even non supporters are cheering on the body of Chavez.  Chavez in power near 2 decades and 3 decades ago you could swim in the river....now filled with sewage. And slums have near doubled in last few years.  And the people believe CHAVEZ is the hero of the people' so much so they re-elected him before he died.  Venezuela OPEN YOUR EYES....your socialistic govt. is killing you....literally, with a homocide 20x that of US, and we have plenty!  5th most dangerous homocide country in world!  Thank you Chavez, and his goon squads.   Chavez FAILED, and his VP running for |President has taken goon forces to new heights, and looks to be worse for the country.  Dear Latinos of VZ, you will never swim again in your precious river when the sewage runs through your government, IS your government, before it fills your river and your lives.  Time to try something new!!!!!! What could it hurt?

Are the Venezuelans ever going to get the $1.6 Billion back that the Chavez family stole?

Some of the poor may have things slightly better but the rest of the country is screwed. Welcome to socialism.

I love how the save the world types, those who would support Chavez and uphold what a great leader he is (Sean Penn), complain about our country and our police, yet look at theirs!  Yeah, that's how we want to live........with armed soldiers and machine guns walking the streets!  Keep voting Obama types into office and this is exactly what we will end up with!

Hugo Chavez, like all leftists, leave nothing but misery in their wake.

It would a good time for a well placed smart bomb ,he would never hear it coming ,and then he could really rest in ---pieces

Going down main street, belly up &amp; no place to go but hell.

I'll bet Chavez is really smelling the sulphur now.

Take a GOOD look, sheep!!!!!!! This is your idiot that gave you your present living conditions...

The absolute best part about this is that he is still dead."With the nation watching, Maduro pledged that "we will construct socialism" as Chavez had attempted to do and that "we will do it no matter the consequences.

I wonder what would Sean Penn have to say about the long lines of people trying to get food, or Congressman Serrano from NYC, or the Leftist Kennedy.They were all real fans of Chavez.

I never buy Citgo gas. Never!

Another....   Martyr..... To:    The    So-Called-Leftist.......!!!!!!Including...... The......  Left-In-USA......!!!!!!!All-The-While-Taxing......Their.....  Own-Citizens...... To:   ....   Death....!!!!

BHO: " I will fundamentally transform America". Coming to a town near you.

Eventually, the street mobs will have to bury that rotting corpse, the stench won't get any better.

Take his body and deliver it to the "Throat of Fire"= Tungurahua Volcano's crater!  This will give him a sizzling send off!

For a poor guy, he lived a rich life with his $2 billion in the bank

Toss the coffin in the river. He can rest better among his own kind.

Hugo Chavez gave billions to Cuba, Bolivia, and Nicaragua yet most of his country live in poverty. Many of hte workers do not make enough to feed their families. Yet there are people posting on this site of all the good he done. Well I am here I have yet to see it.how much you wanta bet they could smell him coming .glad # 1 saleing itam there

I'd have simply continued on to the dump and left the casket there.  Then again... even Venezuela must have prohibitions against toxic waste...

MOMY...Who farted yuk!

This Chavez guy had probably been influenced by Cuba when he was dictating rulein Venezuela. He was probably attracted by the enduring and unchallenged rule ofCastro, being the megalomania it really suited him fine to be Venezuela's Castro.Never mind Cuba's political model is a failed socialist one. Hope his ideals are embalmedpermanently for Venezuelans to live free.

who gives a #$%$ about this pig and the dump he ruled

It looks like He's asleepIt's a shame that he won't keepBut it's summerAnd we're runnin' out of icefrom Poor Judd is Dead, in the play 'Oklahoma'

Ignorance creates people like Hugo Chavez.

Venezuelan losers. They are what they are because of who they choose to lead them.  I have no pity for them.  All that oil wealth squandered.

If you enjoy raw sewage and war-time levels of violence in the streets, and look forward to waiting in long lines to buy the bare essentials, Nicolas Maduro is your man.

Now he'll be existing in that social communist utopia he caused the poor in his country to experience....check out the slums there. that'll be us if barry has his way. good luck, you younger generation.

Chavez made a lot of promises that were never kept--and you want to keep his cronies in power because you think you'll get free stuff? Stupid is repeating the same thing over and over, thinking you'll get a different result.

Just bury him already...........should of been in the ground several days ago......YUCK!!!

Mr. Chang and Mr. Castillo have given us a truly worthy insight into what Mr. Chavez and his Socialists have done to the nation of Venezuela. My heart goes out to those people! ~_~

Haven't they put that slob in the ground yet?  Since it's a third world embalming job, the smell must be unbelievable.

Sounds like Venezuela is a real paradise.

He's beginning to stink in fact as he did metaphorically .

A microphone always abhors a vacuum.Opie &amp; Anthony, Howard Stern, Rush Limbaugh . . . are you listening?  There is an open microphone.

Love the adolescent male comments on this story (how incredibly YN).He stinks, pew, . . .Gee, guys what happened to the usual "tard" comments?  Did mom have a sit-down with you and threaten to take away Internet access?

It's empty. You think at 26°C (79°F) those remains are going to be in good shape?Sounds like parts of Houston, Texas.  What's the problem?

I'm originally from Venezuela, and as I was reading the article, I felt for the first time that Venezuela had gone over the brink, that nothing could save my dear country at this point.  Then, I read the last line:  "Nothing will change Venezuela now.  Only God."  I am not religious, yet I cannot disagree.  I have wonderful memories of Caracas in the 70's as a child, of the beatiful beaches, the Gran Sabana, one of the most amazing places on Earth where the highest waterfall, Angel Falls, is located, of traveling up into the Andes, jungles, and deserts.  Venezuela has it all.  So beautiful and now, so broken.  It makes me sad.  I just hope that the situation there changes some day and people can once again have enough for themselves and feel safe so that they can enjoy life a little more again.  Almost everyone I know, from friends to family, has left the country . . .

I wonder if they will bury him on his stolen land?

Now in a week or so, they'll move the body again before the election, to keep the people busy thinking about the dead hero and his revolution.  That is the whole thing behind keeping him on displayed and embalmed, the problem is the family wants him buried.  Communist are good at manipulating the thruth and with propaganda, and the poor/ignorant believe every bit of it.

been dead for weeks

After the body passes they need to throw it into the sewer

IT STINKS,,

YEP....He really "cared" about his "people".  Just like Obama ...."cares" about Americans.

A troubling glimpse into our sad future, courtesy of liberals, socialists, and community organizers.

"Let the poors eat Cake" - ChavezDamn, he must be putrid by now. They should leave the casket open for the crowds to use as a urinal, then burn it.

I would read this article with a great deal of skepticism. There used to be a saying in the USSR: "Our stores are empty because our fridges are full". The prices are kept artificially low, so when the people descend on a store, they clean it out. Just like the lawyer in the article has pointed out-- there are people who are holding out on stockpiles on goods to sell them for higher prices. Not to say that there are no problems in Venezuela, it simply doesn't have enough resources to be an autonomous communist country like the enormous USSR could, just because of its size.

Communism and socialism never work. It only spreads poverty equally. Have youevrf noticed where there is freedom, capitalism, representative governments there is prosperity and where there is totalitarin governments like this, there is mass poverty, destruction, crime,  but don t tell a liberla that or a lazy envious socialist.

YES..Private Business Doesn't want to SELL and MAKE $$$$...IDIOTS....

this guys remains aint in the ground by now? What they plan to do a stalin like enbomment of him?

"ills"?

That coffin needs to be torched.

Venezuela = the democrat model for America

cant they just flush this guy down the toilet and get it over with?

They are just making sure he is really dead and then they will dump his worthless #$%$ body on the side of the road...Surprising these people's names were published.  It's sad that this leftist government has conned their people into believing the poor economy and the chronic shortages are all the mean old corporation's fault.  Sounds eerily familiar, doesn't it?  Where is all of the oil revenue?

Display is cancelled.

People in Venezuela need to get to work!

"Chavez's coffin will remain at the museum, while authorities decide its final resting place..."Ummm,... The once-pristine Guaire River would be a perfect place to dump it...

After all this pos did to those people, they still line up to see him!

Please bury him Now  we can   Smell   him over here in the  U.S.A.  Peeewooo

A fine example of what LEFT WING LOONS do when they rule! Less food, more crime and freebies for everyone! To hell with making things better, destroy, destroy destroy until everyone is poor but the ruling elite!

as long as he's still dead i don't care what they do with his rotting corpse.

A crock of #$%$ in a box!

The dead democratically elected "leftist" president of Venezuela is treated by the masses here as an enemy of the United States and a tyrant. Such rich irony considering November's election results. You people really are lunatics.May he rot in he l l.

YAHOO-enough about this dead POS

bury his ars* in a landfill with the trash

Is the garbage tr4uck back on it's route?

Hugo Chavez took Fidel Castro's socialism idea and ran with it in Venezuela. What a fool you were Chavez!

Hopefully, all the sewage in the river will create a plague that will wipe out the inhabitants that live there. Stupid people should not breed.

that country should of frozen all his bank accounts,and that money returned to the people and start to rebuild.............GUY WAS A FULL BLOWN #$%$..........HIS MOTTO......GOD HELPS THOSE WHO HELP THEMSELFS

They could cut him up in teeny-tiny little pieces and sell them a souvenirs to the frantic faithful.  Or grind him up into a paste and make edible little items (Chavez on Crackers) for his adoring fans to eat. Or put him into a Hydraulic Press and squish all the Juice out of him, add some sugar and yeast and ferment the brew and then sell it as Chavez Regal.There are just so many things these morons could do. I think bury him would be at the top of my list.

The body should be getting smelly by now.

Did they have the guys from the circus sweeping up the poo after coffin went by?Too bad Sean Penn doesn't live in these Caracas neighborhoods. I bet the phony never saw them when he was sucking Chavez's #$%$.

They need to dig a hole and put him in it, and cover it like any good latrine.

That's odd....Yahoo must have decided to NOT up the pic of Sean Penn dry humping the casket....?

Chavez has been a disaster for Venezuela...This article is one of the best I've seen for how life actually is in Venezuela.. which I've seen first hand.Saddest thing is IF Chavez instead of confiscating everything from those that made things work there had imposed upon them requirements to develop factories that constructed the equipment that is used there in their petroleum industries and required them to build and operate power plants, water and sewage treatment facilities they would have developed a sustainable industry that would now be in position to supply Brazils now rapidly developing petroleum industry.Instead all he did was run off the qualified people, cut salaries to those that stuck around and then gave jobs and hand outs to those that had no skills These jobs only go so far and the rest get a slightly larger handout  so they are happy even though the #$%$ runs through their streets..

Betcha if you announced that there was free tacos and toilet paper down at the wharehouse to the crowd they'd cheer just as loud and leave just as fast.

the first two sentences of this article tells the truth about socialism ,,,,,,,in short ,,,"some of the most dangerous slums on the planet. ,, bridges in dire need of repair and grocery stores with few groceries"  ,,,,,,

Obama Venezuela is looking for a new dictator. No experience needed.  Able to spend money recklessly, citizenship is not required from USA.

Venezuelans are going to need more than all this #$%$ about "Chavismo", if they want to have a better way of life. This country has been wrecked by corruption for many years and there's only one way to fix it: Jail the corrupts without mercy. Get rid of corrupt cops, like the famous PTJ and others, like the authorities at airports who enjoy ripping people off by imposing "fake fees" on travelers in dollars. Even taxi drivers charge extra to people speaking foreign languages in their cabs; especially targeted are English speaking people. Etc, etc, etc...

Monuments to socialist rule

They're not mourning; they're lining up to make sure the bastrd is really dead!Roll it by me so I can urinate on it.

Will the Democrats parade Obama around like this when he is gone?

Ya thinkhe might be a bit rank by now and deteriorating?

He must be getting ripe by now in that equatorial heat. Good luck with that body preservation 'for all time.'

going to see the small people

Is he starting to smell, yet?

The article makes Oliver Stone, the movie director and Sean Penn, the actor bothsupport Chavez look hilarious!

Now he can smell sulfur to.

So the old taxidermy for the brutual windbag didn't work?

Are these the Venezuelans that love Hugo? Can someone please tell the good he did for the poor, with facts?we are well on our way people !  wake up !

I love parades, don't you?  Especially of dead dictators.

parading around a pile of sh1t is odd

We have areas like that in this country.  His people loved him and it shows.

Obama has lost a great hero. So sad.

Venezuela used to have a lot of poor people. Now it has ALL poor people.

"Bridges in dire need of repair and past grocery stores with few groceries" in the mean time Chavez became a billionaire governing Venezuela......and giving money away to other countries

His coffin,, what a joke more like a urinal with a lid on it

They could have "paved" the road with the gold he stole from them -- unfortunately they are too stupid to realize what happened --  the "family" will be in mourning for -- maybe -- one day -- and then -- "can you say vacation!" -- "new homes" -- "new cars" -- "new girlfriends" -- "new face lift" --  what's two or three billion --- not much from what our "crooks/politicians" say!!

The fat prick is dead... bury him alreadyAnother LEFT WING LOON that loves poor people so much he created them daily just like his buddy barri!

By now Chavez' corpse should be ripe enough for people to be able to smell it.  Tell ya what...let's put his head on a stick and display it until the flesh falls off, like the English did back in the day!

My friend was there - she said it stunk really, really bad.  Worse than Detroit.

Election ploy they'll probably parade him around for 2 days before the election, unless they murder the opposition first.Communism at it's finest and our liberals in America love communism.  My wife remembers a pound of meat per person per month when Saigon fell to the communists so it's no surprise they have a shortage/rationing of necessities.

I worked with a woman from Venezuela who cried when Chavez died. I asked her why she was crying and she replied, "he did so much for his pipples". I then asked her why she left Venezuela and she said, "there is no work there". Go figure???????

What an unashamedly anti-Chavez article, propaganda goes both ways.

Does the whole parade smell like sulfur, or just the casket?  Is Sean Penn still trapped up Hugo's ＡＳＳ?  Inquiring minds need to know!!

Only Mexicans would be stupid enough to line the streets chanting and raving about a murdering, lying, dictator.......Oops, by bad, a bunch of clueless idiots in America just did the same thing for Obama here in America.

I wonder how judgement day went for Hugo...

And I'll give Chavez the middle finger salute!!!.....there!!!!!"the most dangerous slums on the planet", and these were the people that put him in power.A perfect example of what happens to  a nation when the leader caters to the worst of the worst amd kills the capitalism engine that runs the economy.

What a carnival!  A museum, that is exactly where these dinosaurs belong, next Fidel Castro.

Parading the stench of socialism throughout the streets of Venezuela.  Shove him in the ground and cover the pig in dirt already.

empty coffin.

thumbs up if you think i'm a di(khead !

please bury him.

Boy...YAHOO sure loves their dictators....

Say it ain't so! You mean socialism doesn't work? Have any data to back that up?

Coming soon to the dumbed down America.

Considering how long they are parading that body in the hot Argentine summer, pretty soon they are going to have a pinata.Hugo has created a humanitarian disaster waiting to happen, meanwhile he amassed a 2 billion dollar fortune.

Smelling any real Sulfur this time?

They're pulling a Michael Jackson!

Just imagine how poor they would be without oil.  The Progressive Utopia always leads to economic ruin.  There and here.

hilarious the circus about this village idiot.he wrecked the economy, took away their freedom, installed his thugs to snuff out any and all dissent, squandered cheap venezuelan oil on belorussia, shipped free oil to cuba to prop up fidel's train wreck there and created a misery index that made the country a sewer with the highest crime rate in the americas. Ahhhh, but then he "stood up" to the "damn yankees", or at least in his own mind, and of course that makes him macho and a folk hero in the land of the simple minded.

Haven't they buried that dead #$%$ yet, he is starting to smell.

Obama wants us to be next.

You have to be a complete idiot to mourn the loss of any politician.I can honestly say that if any politician died in the U.S.A. (Democrat or Republican), I would not care about it one bit.A famous scientist or inventor?, yes I would care about it and mourn the loss of someone who had actually accomplished something great during their life. But not a politician.

Why is freedom so hard to sell?

and you live better. then these dirty mexicans want to besGreat job bankrupting your country there ex fatboy.

Wherever this heap of rotting stink ends up, I plan on visiting and laying a giant mound of diarrhea on top of it!

Hugo Chavez was a champion of those in poverty, in fact he loved those in abject poverty so much he made more Venezulans live in abject poverty that when he was first put into power.

Taking out the Trash is a big deal in that country

Just livin' the dream, aren't they?

Interesting story about Hugo Chavez ,he went boldly before the United Nation and cursed Israel and shortly after that he got cancer, the Bible says God will curse those who curse Israel and bless those who bless them.

looks like he dies again LOL

I love a parade, especially when it's led with a guy in a coffin that I don't like.

in the top pic it looks like the cylons are guarding a dead person.

Michael Moore should go down and make a movie there.  Maybe all these Hollywood friends of Chavez can have a benefit to clean up the terrible, crime ridden places in Venezuela.  Wait, before they do that, perhaps they can have a benefit to clean up the crime ridden parts of Chicago, Detroit and all the other union run towns that are bankrupt.  Wouldn't it be nice if these stars could spend a few hours in classrooms to help educate our kids.looks to me like the gov't needed to ensure a packed funeral route, so they allowed sales of staple goods that had been in short supply to be sold that day.  since many shops are along the funeral route, they got instant crowds.....it seems fitting that he'll be laid to rest near the worst slums in the world, after all he created them!!

He must be smelling overripe by now.

And the liberal left laud this thug as a hero. Funny how this tyrant pilfers $2 billion dollars from the public coffers, abolishes term limits and liberties while making his cronies powerful and rich (like a true dictator) all under the guise of feigned altruism. His oil rich country is in absolute squalor.

These socialist lies mirrors the lies of Obama.  These boobs are as dumb as a box of rocks.

His supporters are worried about their freeby checks

What would they normally do with a huge POS in Venezuela??

Chavez was begging the doctors not to let him die that he loved his country...He must have missed POWER

For heaven's sake, bury that stiff bologna already.

I farted.

These people truly are stewpid.Lets hope the people of Venezuela wake up and elect someone to help them and not the corrupt govnmt they now have.

The "meat" is so tender it falls off the bone.

Chavez = Evil = Thief = Get what you ask for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Goodnight hugo you fat evil godless democrat communist troll.  Beep.........beep..........beep........beep..........................._____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

His body cannot have peace. And his soul will be in hell , because he has used God as an excuse for his dictatorship.

There's an old saying: Don't say anything about the dead unless it's good!  -- ( HE'S DEAD GOOD! )

Chaves only fed the poor to keep them alive for votes, support and indoctrination for his Chavismo movement. He did not feed them enough to lift them out of poverty and into the middle class because that would be “imperialism” and not socialism. Don’t count on Maduro to come out with brilliant solutions; he is just following daddy Chaves orders.

The truly ignorant, people are the only ones that praise this dead idiot, and then go stand in lines in hope to get basic food products. They have one of the  the largest petroleum reserves in the world, and yet they struggle because of their hero's stupidity in giving it away, to buy friends in the region. Sure he spent billions on vote buying projects, to keep him elected, but it did very little to alleviate the problems. He wanted  them to stay ignorant so he could easily manipulate them. The people of Venezuela deserve more, but it will not happen until all of the Chavez appointed puppets are removed from office. His family should be investigated on how a poor peasant could amass 2 billion dollars, then strip them of all the assets and build housing for the poor.

I followed Mr. Chavez as he left this vale of tears. I couldn't see where he went but, I smelled sulfur.

gosh, even the commie media is saying harsh things about Hugo.Why are the slums still there in the socialist paradise? Lets bury this creep so we don't have to listen to any more reports about him.

I think it's time to sprinkle alittle gas on him, light him, float him out to sea.

And the people were shouting "Stuff him!.................. Stuff him!"

Obama says it will work, even though it is not working in Venezuela.

Time to bury Tubby.

Chavez did'nt help the poor in his country. He ruined it. He supressed all media and just used the oil to make friends.He was no 'Man of the people'..And Sean Penn and Jessie Jackson attended his funeral. They're both ill-informed idiots. Though Jackson knows what he's doin. I will never pay to see one of Penns movies. He made his millions and NOW HE'S AN ACTIVIST?

I wonder what oil-rich Venezuela would look like if it were run by a royal family like the Al Thani family in Qatar, or Al Maktoum in Dubai, or the Emiates in UAE ?All these countries are oil-rich, with a great deal of economic development and prosperity.None look anywhere near as poor Venezuela.I would toss out that Socialist Bolivar Government model if I were Venezuela.

enuff already-----he is dead------enuff------enuff-----OK ?

People living in poor housing with bars and Chavez is paraded over and over........rotten to the core.

One POS down...three to goThe communist press just wont let hugo the monster fade into infamy

Too bad we can't have such a parade for our dear leader.

The reeking, fetid corpse of a murderous dictator can be smelled all the way to the US.It actually smells better than when he was alive.Death to Tyrants !

All these blind sheep bawling to their shepard... Oh well, they will soon have a new master to bow down to.

This is what America will look like soon.

meanwhile baby hugos family is hiding his billions he stole from pdvsa and the peopleboycott citgo

I thought an "Hugo" was some piece of krap car built in Hugoslavia.

Wonder why there is such poverty filth and crime in such an oil-rich country??

All the rats were following the Pied Piper.

Venezuelans, are you really going to let a bus driver tell you how things will be? Come on, get behind Capriles. Enough of the Chavez bootlegging. He's gone!1!!!!!!!!XSDFSF, Take note socialism, wealth distribution, only makes people poorer. Since Obama took office, more on food stamps, those working making less, those who have money can't buy as much. You can put all the Liberal spin and deceit out, but can't argue with the above facts, and can't blame it on Bush.

Thugs running loose in the streets, no food to eat, but gasoline is 4 cent a gallon.

now pray for obama so he gets the same

What's that awful smell? Like something dead.

He was a master of class warfare convincing stupid people that government and socialism would fix their problems- 15 years later it's working great. Obama is trying his best to put us in the same condition!

I'm shocked the AP actually told the truth about this socialist hellhole.  Sean Penn, Harry Belafonte, and the rest of the Hollywood loons must be upset. With no free press in Venezuela, we should be surprised the truth even got out.

Dictators are not bon that way, they are products of people who have no confidence on themselves and need a master over their head. Why do you think some religions last thousands of years despite their bloodshed, corruption and hypocrisies.

Wow. The TRUTH about Chavez' Venezuela from AP. Who can read this and not conclude that Chavistas are blind, deluded fools?

A leader who pitted the people against big buisness, a leader who pitted the have nots against those who have some, a leader who believes government should control everything. A leader who has devided his people like no other before him ------------ Barrack Hussin Obama - bet you thought I was talking about Chevez.

One of the biggest oil depost in the world but the most poorest among rich oil countries. Venezuelans should think about that specialy the poor.ya know...that greasy sob as sure got to be smellin just about ripe by now....!!!

Communists love the smell of death, so they will keep hugo around

's been dead for a long time now! Put the SOB in the ground I can smell the stink from here!

JOSE:  "Here comes the coffin."MANUEL:  "Yah, we paid for that d(a)mn coffin."JOSE:   "Is the bas(t)ard really dead?"MANUEL:  "Man, I sure hope so..."JOSE:  "They're looking at us; we better start waving our "I love Chavez" posters.MANUEL:  "Okay---VIVA CHAVEZ!"....how's that?JOSE:   "Good...that should keep them from killing us and raping our daughters..."

"This is a good place for a stick up!" LOL

Wait just wait tomorrow the Government will create another dictator to starve the remaining people at castro's expence.

If Venezuela did not have so much OIL it would be a lot easier for the to require humanitarian efforts. BUT instead we keep putting money into the coffers of the corrupt government while the people starve to death.....just like CUBA.

Lived In Venezuela in the early 90's before the SOB; Chavez !!!  Sounds Like The Place Is Ready To IMPLODE !!!

Wish it would parade by me..... I'd pee on it!!!

with open sewers running into the streets &amp; the river,I doubt that they can tell the difference in smells between a corpse or a sewer.there are none as blind as those who refuse to seeThis is news?

Venezuelans are, without a doubt, the stupidest little brown people in the Western Hemisphere.Adios, El Cholo Grande....you worthless #$%$

1 out of 20 Black homes in Detroit have Bedbugs

Just like a circus  parade.They had balloons, elephant's, marching bands &amp; one big fat clown!

PBS had a really good show on Hugo. It showed that he did take the national resources from private to public. It got corrupted along the way. The way he manipulated the constitution so his people either stayed in office or would get elected. It also showed how the crime rate went crazy. There was also the problem that commodities like gas and food are either to expensive or in the case of gas you can take to a neighboring country and sell it for a profit.

14 years of thievery from the people is too long.... The next goverment should scrutinize this, there are still remnants of the thief still in power if proven true and guilty hang them

See the guys in black,that's next in the U.S.A.. I wonder,did he wave?? The guys in black only have 10 round clips!

Chavez secure a dark hold in hell for his idiotic mentality.

ha. ha.

"finding Venezuela had the world's fifth highest homicide rate, only behind Honduras, El Salvador, the Ivory Coast and Jamaica."...So the Hispanics are responsible for more crime than the blacks? Hard to believe.Hopefully they'll drop his #$%$ in the middle of the street.

Just drop him off there will be with his kind

bet he really stinks by now

The Socialist and Communist have never made poor people middle class anywhere.  Communist hate Religion and Socialist are lazy among other things.

Hey Michael Moore: Guess that Cuban healthcare system isn't all it's cracked up to be.

If the Venezuelans do not rise up and support Henrique Capriles now, then they will fall so far back it will look like the stone age their, and crime will continue on an ever larger scale! The time is now Venezuelans, have some bollas before they get squeezed by Maduro!  Viva la Libertad! Open the free markets!

It reads like a description of Detroit MI.......Didn't the taxpayers in Detroit keep re electing the same old entitlement minded politicos, of which many are now retired and feel no pain..

So he solved as many problems as Mr Empty Chair has.....

Depopulate the world by having less children to 1 billion humans and see how happy everyone will be with all the extra resources to go around.

They gonna' have to get the old boy in the ground, before he gets the funk about him.Feed him to the PIGS

READUP and pay close attention Americans.This is the #$%$ we are going to be faced with very soon.........BE SCARED, BE VERY SCARED. We are well on our way.I think they should bury him before he starts to smell.

Well this happened in every single country that went for socialism and communism.  Everyone is equally poor except government officials.  Totally baffles me why people don't learn from history!

The store, which sits along the most trafficked part of the route, "happened to be selling "the rare goods Friday, drawing a crowd of people desperate for a few bags of "flour.""Happen" to be selling???? very strategic move of the current gov to "show" that people are still supporting chavez and him(maduro)...(foto oportunity)all staged the same way chavez did..with  bus load of  payed-people at every rally he did...

They should have carried his fat butt in a 50 gallon garbage can with 6 handles.

Why don't they bury that fat facists before he starts to smell.

Like if the enviroment has not been badly damaged already in Venezuela.Where are the activists of THE SIERRA CLUB?

promised so much but in the end gave so little....sean penn  please walk those streets and see the legacy of your friend hugo chavez....

"bridges in dire need of repair","wartime-levels of street violence", "the government  does everything badly"..Ooops .I thought the article was about Chicago, not Venezuela..my bad

Hugo took from rich capitalists and gave it to rich communists and thereby gave nothing to his country's poor....Reap what you sow. This article aptly describes what they deserve. What a toilet.....literally. Do we really want this for America? I'd give socialism alot of thought before deciding. Also watch out for megalomania (a common characteristic).

Plant the dirtbag already.

His body should be floating in that river!

"Almost all of Caracas' streets empty of people by dusk as residents live under the pall of a homicide rate 20 times that of the United States. On Thursday, the U.N. Development Programme issued a study finding Venezuela had the world's fourth highest homicide rate, only behind Honduras, El Salvador and the Ivory Coast."Again, tell me, why did the people love Chavez?

Chavez just spread the misery equally to all, except the politicians and the military.

Is this corpse still above Earth?  Why?

They were going to display the body permanently, but under socialism the electricity no longer works to refrigerate the corpse. Maduro (the former bus driver cum successor) said, "we will construct socialism."  What he meant is, "I will steal a billion dollars while the citizens live in violent crime and squalor." God Bless the poor people of Venezuela.

Who cares, people in Venezuela don't need food!That is for the oppressive capitalist pigs!!!Besides things are so great in Venezuela since Chavez took over, we don't need any food!Just parade rotting Hugo once a month, we'll applaud and forget that we are starving and that his family took 2 billion out of the Country!!!

Oh that's what that stank was.

i really feel sorry for the ignorance on the venezuelan people, they should be happy and celebrating that a rat, maggot, piece of trash like this #$%$ is rottening in hell....."flour, coffee, butter and other food staples they said have been hard to come by""government-imposed price controls designed to dampen inflation topping 20 percent have made it impossible for store owners to sell basic foods at a profit, sparking widespread shortages.""People in her town have even had to go without toothpaste and toilet paper""thugs who prowl the streets""police were responsible for up to 20 percent of the country's crimes.""Due to crumbling or nonexistent infrastructure, sewage all over the city goes mainly to one place""the country grew from 295,000 in 1999 to more than 404,000 in 2011.""basic services no longer work."That's it in a nutshell.  If anyone is paying attention, this is what WE have to look forward to under Socialism.  The above sounds eerily similar to what the Soviets endured in the United Soviet Socialists (Republic doesn't belong in that sentence.  Socialism and and Republicanism are anathema to each other.  One is abject slavery and deprivation, the other freedom.  Our country's founders would be rolling in their graves at what both the Left and the Right have done with their gift of a Republican form of government).

it's a little late to be praying for him now,maybe  for his family! I don't see him as their hero,he was a dictator who robbed the people,while he lived on their money!

One genuine BS artist. He feathered a nice little nest for his survivors.

ok pile, when you get yours out of omambos

Look at the emotions painted in the faces of the people in the picture. Are these people delusional about who Chavez really is? Or he really is that GOOD as a person?

He's not buried yet?????

This Monkey has been dead for almost 2 weeks,man  he has to smell,oh well get the Lisol out,extra strengh.

I hope he is roasting slowly in hell.  Venezuela is becoming another Cuba.

This is the sort of ignorant dim-witted people Obama and his propagandic media machine are trying to "fundamentally transform" to the USA so his socialism will take root, and by God it's working like a charm!

You won't be missed El Diablo. The Sulfur smell is permeating around his coffin.That kind of sounds like many areas here in the USA. Passing above or below bridges that need repair, past an untold number of stores closed for various reasons, roads in desperate need of repair, the list gos on and on. Food and gas prices that many of us cant afford, you name it we need it to be repaired soon.

Just like in Cuba. How could some people slect a system that historically brings so much hunger and dispair?

I feel for the Venezuelan people. I have worked in Venezuela quite a bit and grew to love arepas and Venezuelans.The police there are a huge problem, they even kidnapped me in '97 but my brother finally located me then purchased my freedom. The US state dpt was too busy to help, thank God for Mike.In los Tigres, one night I was having a brewski with a Venezuelan engineer when the police entered the bar, put all customers against the wall and began pulling money out of the customers wallets and pockets. There they act like American lawyers and politicians.I have a bullet embedded in my spine that will never come out thanks to Venezuelan police in the state of Portuguesa, when they open up you just cannot get out of the way fast enough. I suppose it resembles a drone attack, "Kill 'em All, Let God Sort Them Out!Those slums in Caracas are impressive, block huts with no windows and doors but plenty of burgler bars. Hill after hill after hill of slums. God only knows all of man's inhumanity to man.

Why can't we have him paraded down Hollywood Blvd so that all of his disciples out here can pay the homage so deserved by this great pussbag? Actually, sit him up in the coffin so he can see the great multitudes out here that adore him!

'ills' and socialism go hand in hand..

Sounds Like Weekend at Bernies in Venezuela!

Bury the guy, he's been dead forever.

Shouldn't that thing be starting to stink by now?

it brings joy to my heart that another liberal rots

This looks like the Obama crowd!Abadon the abyss keeper will welcome you , they are waiting for you hugo

What a waste of time, revering a dead dangerous dictator, those who dearly love him blindly can go with him inside the tomb.

Dump his body in a desert so that hungry vultures can feed off him... it would be the most productive thing he ever did.

Why are the people poor? with all that oil money, oh i know why SOCIALISM, it never works, look at Eurpoe i know what they need is a good Community Oranizer, lets see who can we send them? mmmmmm, I know who, lets send them the best we have OBAMA

Jeeeeeze..... !  They'r still carring that fat old turd around  !  Just bury that pig ! and get over it.

Too bad the body didn't fall out like the Ayatollah body did....LOL

This is the man and the country our actors and other liberals loved and threw up as a place to emulate. Read and understand THIS IS WHAT obamas WANTS FOR YOU.

Hell, bury that POS in the slums, that way those people can p**s on his grave !!!!

Time to investigate Hidden Wealth. Hugo could easily surpass Carlos Slim as the riches billionaire. The poor that mourn and love him got only bread crams.

it's good they take him out for walks every now and then like that..keeps him from stiffening up too muchThey all look happy he is dead.

They're going to carry him around until the flies gobble him up.

I'd say he's ripened quite a bit by now! EWWW! Bury him!

Why is it the worst despots of the world are the most venerated? Venezuela is another perfect example that Governments only get in the way of progress.

they better plant his #$%$ soon before he explodes

That's a very popular tactic of those shameful dictatorships: they are constantly blaming others for scarcity, but somehow every time they have one of these activities (like the departure of Chavez) they quickly pack the stores nearby with food for people to show up and then take those awesome aerial pictures showing the massive "participation" of the people... they spread the voice around and even offer free transportation for people from other towns to travel, provably 90% of the people is there just to get some food... they learned that tactic from Cuba... then you read all over in many countries how much the Venezuelan people loves Chavez and supports the system... all shameful manipulations and lies.Socialism =  Distress + Lies + Manipulations

Hugo Chavez coffin parades past Venezuela's ills - Wow that must have been one heck of a show.

Weekend at Bernie's 3..

monos, they are nothing but monos that didn't develop into humans

GRIND HIM UP FOR DOG FOOD!!!!!Why is a worker living in a slum having five children?  Nobody can fix the social problems that come from that.

Please pass the coolaid

They should parade it thru the USA so we can all #$%$ on him,,

They are parading him through the slums in the hope that nobody would notice the stench.

The big funeral for a wax doll!!!

The coffin parades in chicago untill next week when it goes to ohio for mad march madness lmao!!!!!!!!!   CASTRO YOUR NEXT LOL

Some people just don't die soon enough.

During Chávez's administration, homicide rates more than tripled, with one NGO finding the rate to have nearly quadrupled. The majority of the deaths occur in crowded slums

Hugo's coffin being paraded in a Lincoln funeral hearse........he still loves anything MADE IN USA !!!And why he still have bodyguards ??

This is better than,Weekend at Bernies.The lazy crooks (not the hard working pour) love Chavez because he pays then (littlerly) just to do nothing. As they don't want the bonanza to stop with Capriles, guess who they will vote April 14th...

flies are in hog heaven for a thousand yards around the coffin.

Chavez should be displayed in a garbage can.He helped himself and not others.

and there are people that say, he was loved in his country,yeah, by the 27 people pf his family he took care of.SO MANY OTHERS STARVED AND SUFFERED UNDER HIM.This world is a better place WITHOUT CHAVEZ.

"...former Justice Minister Tareck El Aissami said in 2009 that police were responsible for up to 20 percent of the country's crimes."So you are going to blame the 4th Republic for that? How about blaming the current regime (1999-present)?

dump him in the gutter and let him rot.

This is the man and the country our liberal media stars and  the like look up to as a savior of the poor . Read and understand THIS IS WHAT obama Wants For You.

If you take all the s**t outta Chavez,you could bury hin in a matchbox.....

It must be wonderful to be in that crowd watching the rotting stinking former dictator's body being wheeled down the street dripping bodily fluids. Musr be a great sight to witness.

Lies. Chaves was place dead as a man of only 35 kilos on a burial . Then a wax figure created for this BS show for loosers that want all giving to them. Venezuela lost with no law on the street where people are kill for a cell phone. Good people hiding at home or in South Florida meeting family here already.It is rapturous to awaken to each new day knowing that I am alive and happy and Chavez is dead and decomposing.

FREE PORK (if you can it this PIG)

Bury him in the slums he helped create!I'm glad I am not  Venezuelan, I would be so embarrased that my people are this stupid to show the world the idiocy of glorifying this guy.

Amazing the amount of flat-out trolls running around with "top contributor" badges.. Good job yahoo..

Yesterday Venezuela.....today..it will be america.....when Obama get done with it.

Ahhh, the joy od socialism, shared misery.

Hugo took from the rich, and gave to wealthy liberals....what's up with that?

Ding #$%$, the witch is dead!

Right next to the slums. Very Appropriate. Better than under a tree on a hill with the little squirrels playing around like Tony Soprano would do.

He was a thief.The soviet union had those kinds of food shortages, cuba still does, karl marx ideas aren't the best teachings for poor countries like that one

The big Venezuelan Traitor is finally dead and the next one wich is the choosen by Chavez is going to be worst  (the Big Plantain)

It's disgusting what this mad man did to his people, and those brainwashed, naive people praise him?  An uprising is long overdue, and hopefully this body that will be on display (yuck), will fall victim to it's surroundings and deterioriate like everything else around him.

Way beyond ridicoulous.  They get 500 and a bag of food.  So much dignity for the poor

Does anyone actually believe his corpse was in the coffin?

Good God, and all that oil money gets whizzed away. Socialism at its finest...what BS.

In his coffin rides the greatest of all of Venezuelas ills

Thats odd  back before Chavez  Caracas used to be a beautiful city, people had jobs , food on the shelves , Restraunts and clubs were thriving night time attractions.

The fat guy is dead already !!! How long must we read about him ?? Get over it and move on !!!

Can't they just eat him???One question.  How long does it take for socialism to actually work?

Chavez, just like Obama, has increased poverty in his country.

I remember Caracas in the 60's.I remember Caracas in the 70's.I remember Caracas in the 80's.Now I don't remember Caracas.

His nickname should be "Cugo Hugo"

Enough of this. Put his dead #$%$ in the ground.

Why are there solders there with assault weapons??? Guarding a dead #$%$ TATER!

Like Obama isn't he starting to smell bad?

What a #$%$ looking place that is ..   They all look poor and desperate.  Hugo Chaves is a Piece of DIRT now and always has been

Bury the rotting corpse already! He's got to be one stinky dictator by now. Even that eggomaniac wouldn't have wanted to be carried around rotting for two weeks.

Chavez; in a month he will be forgotten as soon as the new dictator begins to smother the people.Build an outhouse over his grave!

More propaganda from our mainstream media. How about DC the murder capital of the USA??? WE dont have slums and danger? How many reporters here would go out in those areas??? How many grocery stores in our inner cities?

So much kindness for a dictator...what's happened to our press?

A couple of gallons of PermaFix high index formaldehyde, and he's been permanently pickled.

This is an unbelievable slanted propaganda article!  Phew.  Big time!  Do we show our own deserted towens and cities and busted bridges and empty stores and the poor and disenfranchised?  This article is evil.  The Global stats fdor Venezuela stand as do the very well watched and honest elections.

I wonder if we can get Venezuela to take Obama off our hands.

Does everyone in Venezuela live in a prison? See picture above.

A real hero.  Seized private companies and put them under government control,  shut down the free press to install party propaganda machines.  Made the wealthy out to be evil while creating more poverty and squaller for the common people.  Somehow in all this he managed to amass a 2 billion dollar private fortune.  All while convincing the masses they were better off.I hope that never happens here.

Raw sewage in the streets and rampant crime are the highlights of this fools legacy. Why does Sean Penn and other Hollywood freaks love this guy so much?

"We will costruct socialism"- really means we'll take all of the producer's money and keep it for ourselves. Wonder how much this moron has already socked away.Thousands of cadets?

I guess so everybody that wants to spit on him can. I wonder if obama is following the book that chavez gave him, I know obama has to be getting his info somewhere because I don't think that they teach stupidity at Hivud

looks like beautiful beachfront property.

Time for hugo to go home throw him into the volcano SMELL THE SULPHER.

Well, trust my words, that Hugo Chavez coffin hasnothing inside but rocks n sands if they want to mummified and preserved him. LMAO.

It is so obvious that they used food or should I say FLOUR to have people flock to the area where a few moments later Chavez's coffin would be traveling down the road....Otherwise there wouldn't have been anyone there or at least very few to show up on the streets!!!  This man was hated, no one could say anything because of their lives being in danger if they did!  These people are in desperate need for a better economy and to have a better way of LIFE!  This is time for CHANGE....REAL CHANGE for this country!!!

Looks like a political funeral, half the people there want to make sure he's dead, and the other half want his job! wait till obama goes, when his food taster doesn't show one day!

This whole thing is sickning!!  Small blind dumb making such parade with the corp ,,, and all i see is POVERTY  AND IGNORANCE!!  In a country that has been blessed and should have been led by a president who all he did was BECAUSE HE WANTED TO BE FAMOUS!!  Thought of. Him!! went searching for all the evil hearts who wanted THE SAME!!SHOW!!!    Like the Iran president... Such tenderness... THE MAN WHO WOULD LOVE TO BLOW ISRAEL FROM THE PLANET!!! Without regreat!! And he loved Chavez!? Or his mother!!?  BULLLLLLLL KRAPP !!!!!

They still haven't decided where to bury him , Don't they have a landfill ?

@Thor- how wealthy did #$%$ Cheney and pals become during their 8 years?  How many billions of dollars did they and their families/friends get from owing Halliburton and other corps that took $$$Billions in the Iraq invasion???They should deep 6 the body just like osama Bin Laden. That is all he deserves.

Its called pig in a blaket!

I am amazed regarding Venezuela.  The country belongs in the coffin with him if they don't come to their senses and move on.  The should have listened to Jesus who said let the dead bury the dead.

Bury him 12 feet deep.  Because, "Deep down" is a good person.

i only hope they dont get nobody worst than he was, uups probably yes.

Bloow up this box.

Ahhhh, so this is what happens to a country where only the corrupt military, socialist/communist government and street thugs have ALL the guns.

Can not understand, why a man that steels so much form his country is Loved by its people. all the man did was make everything his and his families, why are his off springs moving to Argentina? But we are so blinded by big talking thieves like Chavez!

stupid people

This is Americas future...So if they love him so much why the need for the riot police with the heavy machine guns ?

chitvez rotting in hell.  Does yafluck have a hard on for chitvez they must have run 50 stories on this #$%$.

Some day and I can't imagine it taking too long. these poor people are going to snap out of it and feel pretty stupid. Instead of their country surpassing Brazil and Argentina in GDP    and raising the standard of living of all their people they have spent their wealth to enshrine a cult of personality that was Chavez.. These poor people would have been better off by having jobs available and making better wages than having handouts.

Yeah the stench of socialism sicked people 47 miles away!!!  Plant this #$%$ already he's stunk the place enough!!!!

Some people claim that Chavez was a billionaire but the only sites that mention him as very wealthy are questionable, or even obvious fraud sites with an agenda. Even Wikipedia does not mention his supposed wealth. It looks like someone using lies to tar him.

so sad..... Good riddens

The best thing ever happen to the people in Venezuela, that Chavez is gone

Duh!!  Fat butt greed poverty stricken , corrupt violent gun bible totin idiot U S of "A" is one to point the finger at the ills of other countries,  They have food for all free education for the kids instead of 100 T debts tagged on the poor kids to try to start their life, health and dental for all citizens  and a tank of gas cost about .50cts  a tank , you just keep getting screwed in your greedy fat butt every time you open your idiot mouth  huh!

EEEWWW....they're still waving Chavez's decomposing body around in Argentina...CREMATE that putz already and move on...LMAO

I heard Obama killed Chavez like he killed his cousin Osama. I heard he did it all himself it was reported on ABC, CBS, CSNBC. Obama is the best knee grow. He can slide into the US without being detected and become Pres. So I believe he killed these two .Big piles of #$%$ just brings flies. Best bury it now.

If everything is this bad, why did the people keep voting for him?

Chavez muerto ... Dios lo bendiga!!

If hateful people like Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, and Glen Beck are going to Heaven, I think it's safe to say Chavez is going also.

A book called "Disaster Capitalism" had a line that read 'people were enslaved so that money can be free'. At least in Venezuela people are killed and imprisoned for speaking against their economy like they were in Argentina and Chile. Let the people over there decide their futures.

I have a problem believing all the bad press about Chavez. His efforts made him unpopular with the US gov't who want the oil and with the wealthy, but there is a multitude of less fortunate Venezuelans who loved the man. I believe Greg Palast's reports more than anything I read in American media. Don't be duped, folks.

Freaking body all rotten and full of maggots ssssteeeeink !!!

Please don't drop him. I've seen that so many times. It's all fun and games until someone falls out of the coffin.

Breaking News..Chavez still dead...Amadinnerjacket is dissapoint.

Sulphur...Fourteen years and only two billion dollars stolen, considering he was a dictator, Chavez must be a saint. In Nigeria you only need to be a political appointee to steal two billion dollars in four years. Canonize him St. Hugo Chavez. Alamesigha of Nigeria ruled tiny Bayelsa State in Nigeria for less than four years and has more than ten millions pounds in cash and assets stashed outside the country and just last tuesday he was granted state pardon, a licence to go on to another political office and steal more and the yet the slums in Bayelsa State are worse than those in Venezuela. Canonize Chavez pleaseeeeee.

Give it up already, this is old news. Venezuela needs to quit dragging this #$%$ on and on and bury the damn dictator.

If we are not careful, Obama and his liberal buddies are going to lead us down this same path!

Hugo Chavez, hero of the American left.

Obama will do the same here if we let him.  Tax and disarm the citizenry.  Make them dependent and unable to defend themselves.

I thought they were describing Oakland, Ca! Except in Oakland the poor do not have the govt on their side.

Obama's coffin will be displayed soon.

This poverty is coming to a place near you....thanks Obama...

Die chorizo die

One propaganda article of pure fiction using the living conditions and crime rate in Us-american suburbs as a description of Caracas. Well done Mr. Toothhacker-Goebbels.This socialist stole over $2 billion dollars from the poor and they are so illiterate they can't understand this without a free press.........Kind of sounds like our politicans; Bush, Cheny, Kerry, clinton, and a few other that is hiding

He looks like Curly Howard, nyuk, nyuk, nyuk

His Body Lying In State,,his soul Is with satan

Poor=Greed of Leaders

hugo chavez #$%$!!! hi made venezuela poor! the peoplle suffering poverty

all the idiots saying Chavez stole $2 billion, oil revenue were in the hundreds of billions annually for years and most except maybe $2 billion were used for government spending on social welfare this man loved his people and he tried his best to make their lives easier

Who supports Hugo?  Other Socialist?  Markist?

God bless chaves he didn't take no junk from the terrorist in dc.

At first I thought this was an opinion piece, then I saw that they were passing this off as real "news". Yes Venezuela still has problems, but things are astronomically better than before Chavez. The fact that the media still has to defame Chavez even after his death is a great compliment to him. It shows how threatening his legacy is to those who would throw Venezuela to American/jewish bankers and investors, rather than use resources to benefit the country. Chavez threatens them even after death.

I know President Chavez was not high on the list of America's friends. He certainly wasn't on mine either but I'll at least accord him the respect any President of any nation deserves by not calling him by his last name only or totally trashing him. (Doing so would say more about what kind of person I am that him anyway.) I firmly believe that his completely Socialist agenda is not a solution for any country facing the corruption and poverty that Venezuela or any other nation in a similar situation faces.But at the same time I seriously believe (even more) that American-style cut throat totally unrestricted / unbridled multi-national corporate Capitalism embraced by the entire American right wing, namely Conservatives and Republicans, would hardly be a cure for what ails the nation of Venezuela or anywhere else for that matter either.Third world human waste. Lets drag a corpse around through the streets

Great future for Venezuela with the truck driver! all the fortune beneath - oilAnd all we see is ignorance and poverty...  They could live so prosperous , healthy in peace...  Great ignorance !   Paradeing the dead and speaking stupidities!!

Nonstop propaganda from AP... Let's see: Under Chavez - illiteracy in Venezuela was brought to 0%, extreme poverty cut by 80%, poverty generally cut by 50%, housing-education-healthcare brought to millions for the first time (those are the "goodies" that Chavez is said to have "bribed" voters with... the rest of the world calls it social progress)... food production up - grains up 140%, infrastructure improved.  And now come the lies about a $2billion heist, secret bank accounts... fuqqing fascists who have no soul, no brain... you think you can lie and lie and nobody knows.

Hugo's soul now burns in the fires of hell for all eternity.

The parades behind the coffin of Hugo will continue on indefinitely since this Maduro( spanish for "  ripen "  )  is a really rotten character from the dumps of Caracas or Chavez would have never picked him . Behind it will follow all those who receive free cash and oil from the country's riches which will one day end .

Hey venezuela you just a shot away to what happento cuba in 1956 ,total destrucsion by the usurpers, soon you be crosing the desert from mexico to the usa...

Great... I can hear his acolytes demanding sainthood for him. Sorry, St. Hugo is already taken.

If millions of his countrymen/women cry because he died, it means he did something for his country and his people. How many of us would cry if Obama died? Or how many of us ever cried for any of our ex-presidents when they died????? We read our media, that is run by wealthy Imperialists, and for sure they hate guys like Chavez since they could not get their piece of cookie/ profit there. I personally am not fan of  Hugo but in his own country, there are  more people who loved him than those who hated him. Any president or politician will have people who like and hate him/her. To us Humans not even a God is good!!!!! Let the guy rest and let Venezuelans choose their future !!!!! PEACE

With all the murders in Venezuela why hasn't Jesus Gerardo Salazar, a cold blooded killer, why hasn't someone killed him and do everyone a favor. Since he betrayed the Latin Kings, Wish they would take him out. Would like to shake the hand of whoever does.

Since Chavez is gone the USA will gladly give you the Obama family, wife and all.  We will even deliverThis is article is anti-Chavez propaganda plain and simple. this reminds me of how fox news covers obama.

i cannot understand how the venezuelans have not notion of change; why they paraded with loud cheers as chavez's body was paraded is beyond belief!!! chavez has left total chaos... it appears only his immediate family and workers are making out with the spoils..... venezuela needs democracy and free enterprise.... and even that will take years for change..."poor the poor people of venezuela!"

Those people are brainwashed just like the republican cult members in America!!

The propaganda calling Hugo Chavez a dictator or even a would be dictator is coming from elites not just in Venezuela but many countries around the world with sham democracies that are terrified of being exposed and facing a revolution. Most western countries, like the US, were never intended to be democratic. The word democracy does not appear in the US constitution for very good reason; As Thomas Jefferson, the slave owning third president and co-writer of the US constitution said: “A democracy is nothing more than mob rule, where fifty-one percent of the people may take away the rights of the other forty-nine.”

He's got to be smelling pretty ripe about now wherever they are storing him.

Dictators always have a toe-hold on their people when subjugated by deep poverty and zero education - to them, it's always been like that and for some reason, they accept it.  Thus the following statement aptly puts it: "The majority of them don't complain about the problems here," Rodriguez whispered about the passing Chavez supporters. "It's as if they didn't exist."

good riddance chavez no one will miss you

Is there any stories of Henrique Capriles campaign. I just saw a great photo of Henrique Capriles campaign and it amazes me that me yahoo only follows "Chavez" (Maduro) campaign.

Very soon he will end up going to the hell and will join with Hitler, Saddam, Gadhafi and Bin Laden all other evils you can name in, and will be waiting to join Castro, Ahamedajebad, the king of Saudi, the PM of Bangladesh and the dictator of North Korea and all other evils.

It's hard to live in this world if your mission is to defend your people with all your might.America only had problem with this guy because as a former military man he knew all CIA tactics to overthrow him and replace with a stooge , but he was not an African leader. He was hated because he refused to give the oil of his country for free to greedy  foreigners. Chavez beat his opponents at the ballot box, not with weapons, used the country's money to build his country, helped the poor. He has taught Young Venezuelans the art of patriotism and they will not let foreigners steal what is theirs. If you care use all media propaganda against them.Go ahead and thumb down this blog because you hate the truthOMG I'm so tired of hearing about this idiot. He's been dead like a month already! Just throw his sorry #$%$ in the ground and move on!

Isn't Venezuela a great place to visit and even live since the chavez socialist take over? And to think that our marxist in the white house wants our country to be a socialist nation. The leaders in Venezuela are going to keep their country mired in socialism. I guess, like America, Venezuela has many brainwashed people. How can chavez, a big loser with his country in ruins, garner so much attention. His penalty for wrecking his country........death.

I'm watching the news, and it seems that famous people and top-ranked officials from many countries are paying their respects. Excuse me for saying this, my aren't they hypocritical!Besides, are they actually paying their respect to a communist leader? And I thought they always hated him. Hmm.

A Venezuelan friend became a naturalized US citizen in 2008 after fleeing the troubles in his homeland.  He was excited to finally be able to vote in a US presidential election and started researching the candidates.  He told me he was leaning toward Barack Obama until he heard him speak.  He said, "Chills ran down my spine."  The words he was hearing were the same he had heard from Chavez in 1998.

Sad to imagine so many Americans can be so eagar to accept the same BS from our elected officials.......Chavez promised "Change" - "Hope" , just like whats his name does now..."Trust" me he says

USA should steal the body and hang it on the Washington Monument.

Chaves stated he was poisoned by America.! I know for a fact that his story is reliable!! I too was poisoned a year ago by my family marine!!! Yes marines are useing Uranium shaveings. Even on Americans, as we text!!!! Yes they even do it for a "dallor!"/Blackwater!. Yes America Marines do &amp; are poisoning "Americans" with uranium shaveings!!

Poor Chavez, in life he was a joke, in dead he is the joke! His body transported around like a sack of potatoes in its way to the market.

How was Chavez so bad to Venezuela compared to America's leadersVenezuela public dept per capita - US$ 3060.00/person (2010 estimate)America public dept per capita - US$ 53231.00/person (2011 estimate)Venezuela Public debt (General government gross debt as a % of GDP)for 2012 was 51.6%America Public debt (General government gross debt as a % of GDP)for 2012 was 106.6%We are broke in the US

lovely one jones... why dont you go live in venezuela or cuba or china..idiot.. the only time I saw Chavez become religious was after the doctor said he had minutes to live ..then he #$%$ his pants and recalled all the bad he has done!!! just like all the ex druggies I know in church..these dictators hate the church ,,wake up sister.. church was kicked out of Cuba by Fidel then he brought it back in late nineties when he needed to mend his soul for all bad done.Ahhh, the beauties of Socialism.  As Margeret Thatcher once said, "the problem with Capialism is the unequal distributon of wealth.  The problem with Socialism is the equal distribution of misery."Here is a short history of the "Socialist Paradise"- Nazi Germany (the official name of the Nazi Party was "The German National  SOCIALIST  Party).  At the end (May 1945) Germany basically in total ruins.  But along the way to this sad end, about 10 Germans (6 million of them, Jews) had to "evaporate" because Hitler didn't like them.  Wow.  Sure sounds like "Paradise" to me.- Soviet Russia (the USSR).  Joseph Stalin had to "evaporate" about 25 million of his own citizens, because he didn' like them.  The economy during this entire awful 74 year experiment was a total train wreck.  Always shortages of the most basic staples, food, clothes, housing, soap, toilet paper, etc.  And the people (unless you were a party hack) lived in apartments smaller than your dining room table top, and these apartments were crumbling.  The people had virtually no choice of their leaders.  The press was tightly controlled by the party hacks, so the only news you got was what the party hacks wanted you to have.  The other supreme dictators (Lenin, Kruschev, Breshev, Andorpov, etc.) were only slightly more humane than Stalin, when it came to "eliminating" thosse citizens whom these dictators didn' like.  And if you were marked for "elimination", no trial, no lawyers to defend you, etc.  The KGB just showed up at your door one night, and you just "disappeared".  Your spouse and other familiy members were not likely to protest, or even wonder aloud where you "disappered" to, or else the KGB would make a midnight visit to them, too.   Wow.  Sure sounds like "Paradise" to me.- East Germany, 1945 - 1989.  The "Paradise" there was so wonderful that every day people were risking their lives to get across that cursed wall that divided Berlin.  And before the wall went up in 1961, about 15,000 East Germans were crossing over to the West each week.- Cuba.  The "Socialist Paradise" there is so wonderful that even today, after nearly 60 years after Fidel Castro's rise to powe, whole families sell everything that they have to buy a rotten boat to try and get to Miami.- North Korea.  Need I say more?  Massive starvation among the people, while the crazy leadership steals just about every thing from these poor peasants, so that these crazy leaders go on wild imperialistic fantacies.  And now, North Korea even has a Socialist royalty.  Third generation of  these crazy Kims ruling this destitute country.  Don't like your leaders?  "So sad, too bad, your Socialist Dad."  Try to get rid of these leaders, by any method imaginable, and you will become "vapor" in about a nano-second.So, two questions to ponder:1.  Exactly where (or when) is (was) this "Socialist Paradise"?2.  In the good ol' USA, where we have our own Socialist President (or should I call him "Commandante" ?), why do we want to move even one inch closer to this "Socialist Paradise"?  Beats me.

The Hero to the Poor. 14years later they are still poor?. The same is true for Obama.

I can smell him from here and i'm in FL.

Who cares about this dead commie?!?! Enough already!

Leave his body at the dump.

And pallbearer Sean Penn wept like a little baby.

We'll be celebrating when it's time for Bush Sr and Bush Jr to burn in hell.  LOL

put that pile of schitttt in the ground already ! the maggots are hungry !

Good vibes!

sounds like a dangerous place ill stay at home in the statesEnough already, what was a month ago Chavez died? Bury that piece of excrement and get on with it.

And the sad thing is the poor believed they were better off lining up with him.

Bulletin!! Former Venezuelan dictator,Hugo Chavez, is still dead

Good riddens.  Next Mugabe. Being born poor is no sin, allowing stupidity to breed amongst you is, allowing people to promise you a good life is, amazing how people like this have all the time in the world waiting for false promices instead of getting off their backsides and working for a better future. Its people like this that keep idiots like Chavez in power.

Socialist Chit Hole

This all sounds very familiar to what happens in Cuba!  I guess this is really what Chavez wanted for Venezuela...to become another Cuba.  Lol.

The slums were there before Chavez came to power. Whether Americans want to recognize it or not this guy was adored by a majority of his people because he improved the lot of the people who lived in these slums. Given that the US has propped up dictators without number in South American countries who murdered and oppressed their peoples we're not exactly the perfect critics of Chavez.

Soooo all this article is stateing is that "GOYEM"/braindead baby boomers should "NEVER" vacation to  Venezuela!! That's reserved for the Rich! American "GOP Facist"Marines poisoned Chavez to point out that fact!!!

Hugo Chavez was fat.  His fat body is decomposing right now.  What a loser.

! Raul,fidel chavez mariquitas lo que se da no se quita...!Well, he's become Saint Hugo Chavez Frias,  "El Santo Martir De Los Poor Slums Marxista-Leninstas  de Latino America".   Proof that he must have been a saint is the fact that even thought he hasn't been embalmed they keep dragging is uncorrupted #$%$ around town...Ain't that a miracle???!!!

all these baseless accusations would never be direceted to venezuela had the country been oil rich. just look at countries with no natural resources the west dont even bother to look at what happens there

"They kill people here every day," he said. "I've lost friends, relatives".... where were these people killed, when and by whom?

yeah, but Fidel Castro will have to find a new wife. Chavez and  Castro were like man and wife, so Cuba doesn't have first lady any more. We so so sorry F...dictator!

I bet the slums of Detroit, Washington DC, Miami, Philadelphia, Chicago and New Orleans are all a lot more Dangerous than Venezuela.

If you ever spit black for "no" reason, or have the "constant" taste of copper or nickel on your tonge, than you American or otherwise was poisoned by American marines/Blackwaters Uranium shaveings!! Prepaire for Generation X dieing before Baby boomers!!!

Chavez was a thief.. he just gave away..stolen goods....

I was at the funeral.  We #$%$ on that maggots coffin.

Why do his daughters look like monkeys? with all the money his father stole from the country and those ignorant apes can't pay for plastic surgery? go figure......Ratas peludas y sucias

you would think that all of the money he stole they could bury the guy  ain't he getting a bit ripe by now with this heat people start thinking there are pigs in da river qui#$%$ get a tortilaMany americans vacation in  Venezuela.. Sooo???? Ummm?? Wow Americans are Bigot British annexed!!! Also Yes Americans Marines are poisoning Americans with Uranium shaveings! Same as they did to Chavez! Americans marines never learned the DOI or constitution! Americans marines only serve money/Brithish.. American marines are Blackwaters! &amp; they have/will poison Americans with Uranium shaveings!!!

So, every few days they're gonna drag this dreg around the city?   We should be so lucky.

There go their monthly handouts.

won't he spoil, or go off or something like that? why would anyone want to view a putrifying ex ... well, whatever he was?

Looks like they take pride in their houses too.  How do you say slum in Spanish?

Are those American police officers?

Have to laugh as Venezuelas media is anti Chavez and has been but poverty has fallen from 70% to about 20% and extreme poverty has fallen from 40% to 7.3%  Health clinics have risen to 169.3% of pre Chavez medical clinics.   The parrots or as they call themselves journalists do not want America to consume these numbers because they may ask why can't this be done here.

peace  Hugo

He was a good man and #$%$ off the U.S. oil companies and of course, israel.

They should just allow the dead to stay dead.Es importante que el pueblo de ese país, Venezuela, sepa que el 17 de octubre de 2012 una vez que el presidente Chávez fue informado en la Habana luego de someter a exámenes rigurosos, que le restaban unos cercanos 60 días de vida, trasportó 13 toneladas de oro de las reservas del Banco Central de ese país, Venezuela, que fueron transportados en un avión ruso que partió del aeropuerto de la Carlota a las 6am del día 20 de octubre hasta el aeropuerto de Rancho Boyeroen Cuba. Y además sacaron de las reservas del Internacionales 20.000 millones de dólares americanos que fueron depositados en el Banco Central de Cuba.

What a completely blatant propaganda piece. This is a gross and foul distortion of what Chavez' legacy is and an INSULT to the people of venezuela. This pathetic excuse for a writer makes it seem like all those conditions are a result of Chavez and his policies. It's nothing more than a slur to continue the demonization of the president because of his courage to fight against the elites that REALLY cause all that misery in the first place.

That's a lot body to preserve -- I wonder how many gallons of formaldahide the pumped into him.

In April, 2002, the U.S. backed a military-business coup against President Hugo Chavez, when the nation's leader was taken prisoner, and wealthy oil interests named Pedro Carmona to head an unconstitutional, military-backed government. Venezuelans wouldn't accept it, and took to the streets in massive numbers to oppose the Carmona dictatorship.PS- OPEC was started and initiated by Venezuela during the 1960's. Since then the US and Venezuela relations have been strained. The US would rather have Venezuela's best and most natural resource, oil, shipped to the US rather than use the country's own resource on itself to help out the poor. This is colonialism 101. Thomas Paine American Revolutionary and proud Atheist said this in his book Rights of Man-"That there are men in all countries who get their living by war, and by keeping up the quarrels of nations, is as shocking as it is true; but when those who are concerned in the government of a country, make it their study to sow discord and cultivate prejudices between nations, it becomes the more unpardonable.” FREE MUMIA!!!

If he is that box, he stinks: Exactamente seis días antes de conocerse la noticia, Cochez aseguró que Hugo Chávez había sido desconectado de un respirador artificial desde el 30 de diciembre del 2012, por órdenes de sus hijas, tras habérsele declarado muerte cerebral.Probably burned him up in Cuba and put a wax body . . all a joke on stupid, stupid people.

Another ridiculous, manufactured phony news story. He significantly reduced poverty there and practically eliminated illiteracy. Ever hear an interview with a real Venezualan on Faux News? Never.

Next thing, he will start performing miracles from the grave. It would just make sense to continue the insanity.

Apparently you CAN fool most of the people most of the time.

Correction: do not exist anymore....

I was born in Catia and grew up in Catia, and I can't reacall a time that neighborhood was ever free from crime. The place is surrounded by slums, the entire city of Caracas is surrounded by slums.And all of this before anyone knew about Chavez. Chavez might not have been able to solve the problem but the problem was there for decades. To say that any of this is the result of his presidency is absolutely ridiculous.The US media needs to get real and make an effort to report honestly about other countries, especially the ones it deems as "enemies".he was poison by his great evil enemy [jew].

Venezuela is shoving Chaves down the people's throat worse than Yahoo tries to push gay agenda.

wow, Hugo sure improved the standard of living in Caracas

I see the Western capitalists who create their own share of "dangerous slum neighborhoods"are here in full force. Then again, the lock step diatribe is just that. let's see, Pennsylvania Ave or DC ?  DC is one of the worse drug infested areas in the country and yet those in the Senate and Congress and the White house can't seem to figure out where all those drugs and poverty comes from. Oh well, between corporate bailouts and the privatization of the prison industry the divide between rich and poor i this country will be well preserved by walls and barbed wire.

ugo Chavez’s election promise was to work for the benefit of the working poor majority who were living in poverty. Venezuela was a wealthy country due to natural resources, mainly oil, but the wealth was all going into the coffers of the elites, and multi national oil, and mining companies. By nationalizing oil Hugo Chavez has been able to eradicate illiteracy, provide free health care, education, pensions, and numerous other social programs.

Why dont they show his body ???????????????

Hugo Chavez was first elected president of Venezuela in 1998. He came to power vowing to use the country’s oil wealth to improve the lives of its poorest citizens. By some accounts, he was delivering. Living standards were improving in Venezuela.One focus of the Chavez government was education. To improve computer literacy, the government gave away nearly 2 million laptops to primary school students.

mas people dont no this, butt gay penguins taste lik chicken

Have his daughters moved to their swiss bank account yet?

nu movie 2 see, weekend @ chavez he look sexi in d sun glassI wanna see the body and smell the sulfur... just to make sure he's dead.

soME OF THOSE COLUMBIA diktators have pretty lips ans hips.

The display of preserved remains is the hallmark of atheist communist dictators.

where's his grave, i have to pee

Watch for the next episode of "Walking Dead."  Chavez will do a cameo.  As one of the dead, of course.

Hey!! Help me here if you can. Did Sean Penn start his conjugal visits to Hugo in 2006 or was it 2009? I can't remember. I think it was their first spoonfest if you catch my drift.

This is what you call the never ending funeral? I hope I can get one of those when my time comes. This has to be like day 8 right? anyone keeping count?

they want your oil wells and they will do any thing to get it .... your oil is the white men capitalism .... with out the oil they can not make products .... with out the products the tax system will fail  "exxon and chevron"

hmm, 2 Lincoln Towncars and a Chevy Suburban... so much for hating the US... I knew you liked us... RIP Chavez

Ronald Reagan or John Kennedy must be jealous today !...Chavez received more honors at his funeral than any of them.pretend he's a deer , tie him to the hood of your Buick and drive around the town

Even a dead clown is funny!!

Not until a real revolution hits venezuela and most of his a&amp;&amp;kisser are dead, then venezuela will be free.  there should be a coup to straighten this mess out.

time to move on bring in Caprilles.....

Those people have to pay all the evil they have done to Venezuela. They are the worst of the human species. The international community and the U.S. must not lose sight.

Chavez arrived dead from Cuba!!! (I knew it) The government just deceived the world and especially all Venezuelan's citizens. That's insane! Glad that a high rank military guy (Pérez Arcay) expressed the truth today to all Venezuelans!

Another one beside Stalin, Lenin, and a few others. Castro is next. As long as these countries remain poor they will keep coming.

I heard that Obama and Rodman threw themselves on the coffin in tears.

Propaganda. I call it like I see it.

American corporate sponsored news is very biased toward those who seek their fair share and independence, Hugo Chavez burial looks very modest compare to some of the worst criminals (i.e; Ronald Reagan ) in U.S.Wow.. yet another corporate fascist (propaganda novel) probably funded by the Kochsuckers!

RIP Hugo!

Marines do poison Americans with Uranium shaveings! Been going on for over 8 years!! Seems devil dogs are ALL Binadict Arnolds!With their numbers their FAR more destructive than the one man!! British has annexed the Marines to poison Americans with Uraniun shaveings!! My American Marine cousin did it to me! His American cousin, for i guese riding a bike!!! WOW if marines call it lazzy, LOL Never seen a fataE$@ marine riding a bicycle!! Iraqie freedon vets are bigots &amp; British annexed! They hate Americans, But love the Patriot act!! Seems Marines fought overseas for a patriot act. Seeing their poisoning Americans now!!!

they should be happy he died

Hugo amigo I can smell you from here...Fidel

Let's finish this nightmare and move on to Democracy.

just put US State Dept. propaganda at the top not AP as this is not news and it's not the Venezuela I know and my girlfriends family lives in Petare.We visit them all the time without feeling threatened, more chance of been robbed or shot in Detroit or South Central LA.Just lies to justify the oppositions failure in the upcoming free and fair elections, then the US corporcracy will threaten invasion to steal the oil and gold reserves, pathetic propaganda !

Aids wrath unleashed...bye bye idiot...

This just in!  They were actually cheering for a Port-o-potty that was overflowing

when the government monopolizes even the grocery stores ! what are people going to eat? socialism !future america, if this #$%$ in office has anything to do about it. one tyrant dies another one takes his place.

Every Building in any Spanish or Black Neighborhood in any part of the World has bars on the Windows. Why is that?

My my look at all the negative comments about chavez. If only u idiots knew what chavez was all about you would appreciate him. But no all u morons want to listen to the propaganda media. He a socialist this hes a communist that blah blah blah. Weak minded #$%$. The only reasons why why the U.S. branded hugo as an enemy is because chavez raised the oil prices on the u.s. but hey , its all about the money.

What's that smell?

Where are all of those americans that want goverment handouts,there go to Cuba,where the revolution will provide you and your family with a crumbling apartment,all the poor educated doctors since the ones with some sort of knowledge will be sold to a foreign country and earn dollars for the dictators, no medicine,and long walks to fulfill your dreams as an enviromentalist by waiting in line to get whatever it may be that they can find behind the counter so you may feed your family for 1 week after that well you'll just remember the revolution and all of the promises.

this whole parade smells of sulfur

LOL.....a CIA-produced propaganda piece !But they'll never tell ya that those 'slums' were there LONG before Chavez, and the people before Chavez took power were FAR poorer .Sure, there was no shortage of food before Chavez...but they won't tell ya the peons had no MONEY to buy all those food items on display.Chavez spread the nations weath to the common man....not just to a few jews who operates the business.

RIP Chavez the people's president he won the 2012 election by a land slide while hospitalized his people loved him he took care of the poor.

Chavez will still rule from the grave. Propaganda at its finest... I dont know whats worse being poor or being too dumb!!

One propaganda article of pure fiction using the living conditions and crime rate in Us-american suburbs as a description of Caracas. Well done Mr. Toothhacker-Goebbels.Right wingers around the world are envious that they never had a leader who was so beloved in life as well as in death. Right wing leaders of Latin America have been all but forgotten. The people of Venezuela will remember him forever.

Nice propaganda piece but anyone who knows anything knows it's the bush and obama admins and the IMF who have been screwing venezula into the ground. the poor in venezuela despite our meddling are doing better than they ever have.none the less we have spent billions destablizing venezuela like we did in chile before the coup we fomented there. as always we find a willing partner in the rich mostly spanish blood upper class who hate that a short squat indio like chavez could take over and start spending the oil money on everyone instead of venezuela's opus dei loving 1%if chavez was so bad why did he keep getting re-elected in all those squeeky clean elections...? f he was a dictater why did he have all those plebacites to among other things validate the constitution with the people?it all comes down to the fact that no little brown people from south america had better tell US oil companies or the spanish blood aristocracy of venezuela how much they have to pay for oil and no little brown people had better resist our desire to house our troops i ntheir country. simple as that.

willycrash ,,, I CAN SO EASILY SEE YOU ARE WORKING FOR VENEZUELA'S NEW CAPITALISTS !!THE CHAVIST GOVERMENT SMALL GROUP. ARE YOU IN CHARGE OF THEIR PROPAGANDA??GO LIVE UNDER A GOVERMENT LIKE THAT &lt;&lt; I DID &gt;&gt;IN CUBA&gt; ONLY A SMALL GROUP HAS EVERYTHING&lt;&lt; AND THEY JUST THROUGH THE BONES AT THE POPULATION.there s nothing new here , thats the same strategist socialists have always use.. eliminate capitalism, (although most socialists are millionaires) give some to big gorups of population that will never would work and and try to make an honest living ,not sitting around getting druk,drugged, and allowing the goverment to give you unadecuate health care, educate your kids in a doctrine not what they will like to study. also ration your food, but dont forget they do all this with the money they took away from some capitalists,not with their money ,they keep theirs.Remember that money runs out... no more capitalists to be sacked ,, all goverment #$%$ diminishes.. I lived all that in CUBA.that s why the CASTROS try to find and then help socialists like these ,, (only from rich countries) so they can also suck away from them.SOCIALISM WILL NEVER WORK&lt;&lt;  IT DEPENDS ON CAPITALISM'S MONEY

Caprilis, is that is name? Made a giant mistake saying he has no issue with the Chavez family when they are attacking him. . He should simply say he has no problem with Chavez, he's dead already, and was a burrooo, working, liked power, stole billions, but spent hardly  a dime, leaving it to his family - they fly in private jets, ride in his Benley, shop in Paris.  Caprilis should attack that back! 1)ask where's the oil money, 2) tell voters instead of $400.00 to vote for Maburro once, he will share the oil money with every family, monthly, in Venezuela, like Kuwait, etc, $250.00 a month, as the Chavistas can't reply - they want to steal it all intead, and 3) demand a release of all political prisoners.  That would be better, my opinion.

Sounds like Venezuela was under Republican Rule !!! The top lives like kings and the others can suck on it !!!

spit on the ground when i think of his name

May God help Venezuela and his people.

God Bless You Hugo!!!!

Yeap only God can change everything remember all dis thats happening is written nd alot of ppl dnt belive,,onli wen things happen dats wen yu realize yea God is the onli one we all need him dis will get worse nd we gotta get closer to him before all dis ends. Godbless nd have faith in him hes always in our sides especiali in the worse time to help yu we just dnt see him but we feel him.

Endless series derogatory propaganda articles about Venezuela, North Korea, Iran, Syria, etc. all designed to rally the American public into supporting the overthrow of those governments.  And it's working as you can see by all the  anti-Chavez comments.Chavez should be remembered as a Great Crusader against Capitalism and its evil twin,Lethargic Government. Socialism has been sweeping South America in recent years,and Chvez was one of this New Breed. His followers,rest assured,will carry on his Crusade. It's just a matter of time before it reaches the U.S.. So,all you smart-aleck Americans who post idiotic comments here-----BEWARE! Your day is coming.

Chavez faced economic sabotage, see confessions of an economic hitmen when CIA goons put cement in mil trucks in Cuba, Venezuela faced similar attack from US/Israeli goons

His role ended. May he rests in peace.

Chavez was a great leader, inspiring and philanthropic - he will remain alive. Just remember how they were carrying R. Reagan's coffin all across the United States even though he was long retired when he died. And Reagan did nothing for his people

The only thing he was ever right about is Bush is the devil.

of course they have to do all that .. other wise , they will be ,,, turtured . killed.... or both ...

How 'bout Joe Kennedy peddaling Chavez's oil all over the US.  Pathetic.

I heard that when the doctors cut Chavez open, they found Obama, Kim Jong Un, and Amadinejad locked in a love knot, A.$.$ phuqking each other.

BONFIRE BONFIRE BONFIRE!Dance with Satan you crud!

He and the Latinos  gave support to  Obama ...He owe them the victory..They said,,,,.They should keep his coffin in a permanent display and charge an admission...........!

To a right wing fanatic, anyone who does not bend over for the big oil producers, big corporations and super land owners of any country, is an evil doer, crazy, thief, etc. Chavez did not bend over for those big corporate criminals who are always stealing the natural resources of the places they love to call "Third World Countries",  so now all the right wing lunatics are jumping all over with their rhetoric hoping that the Venezuelans will just say: "Okay Mr. slave owner, come over and take whatever you want, we don't mind, just go ahead and make us live in misery again" but that won't happen because the Venezuelans that used to give away their all their oil and most of their resources for free does not exist anymore.

Does mean the country love his leader, viva chavez, viva maduro, the people  always recognize the bad things but not the  good work

i mis hugo chavez so so much,his hand pickd successor is the right man to lead vanezula

am a zambian but i loved chavez so so much.may his soul res in peace.

Well you've done your job well.  Your bias reporting pretty much scraped the bottom of the barrel of distortion in which I find pretty disgusting.  Obviously, your commentary is as disrespectful, plus gives a thin line between fact and fiction. This was surely not meant  obituary by you including everything negative and nothing, nothing positive.  You both should sign-up for Capriles Campaign, or, simply move to Venezuela and contribute your time to one of the opposition newspapers.  Better yet, you may consider becoming missionaries and do some humanitarian intervention--go save Venezuela.  Last, but not least, would an American newspaper have the balls to print such a negative article about American Presidents?

Cant figure all this anti Chavez bias. Most Americans cant find Venezuela on a map but they'reall experts on what is in its best interest.  Its obvious his people admired and respected Chavez and noone is forced to weep at his funeral like they did in N Korea.  His "crimes" as far as I can tell are nationalizing Venezuelan oil and distributing  gains to his people in the form of housing,health care and education. He allowed a free press and elections.  So why all the hate.Maybe its our "liberal: media.

.  Biased anti Chavez article.   As if slums didnt exist pior to Chavez.  Halfway ino the article I thought they were describing Camden NJ.

So long native son! Long live indigenous native people of continent of America shall reclaim this land back.., rightful owners Native American people, Holy bible clearly states that'Thou shall not Steal'.In N. America where USA &amp; Canada alone is plundering more oil than Saudi-Arabia &amp; Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as native people remain poorest citizens on their own land.Before Europeans came,Native population in North&amp;South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population at 30 million and Europeans at 1 BILLION! (Google 'sicko uncle Sam' for more at forum)

Que buen manejo de propaganda en Venezuela, manteniendo al Chavez en una caja de muerto...JAJjajJAJja.....igual que El Cid Campeador, este lider iberico despues de muerto lo embalsamaron, lo montaron erecto en un caballo y lo hicieron cabalgar al frente del ejercito para que el enemigo lo viera "vivo" y pudieran ganar la batalla.....a quien creen los lideres politicos venezolanos que hacen pendejo??? se hacen pendejos asi mismos mostrando el cadaver putrefacto del muerto para asustar a la oposicion, agradar a los fanaticos del muerto y ganar mas votos....no saben que Chavez esta en el infierno al lado no de Bolivar, sino del Che Guevara y otros tantos idiotas "revolucionarios" .....JAJjajJAare you being paid by Chavez haters to write this garbage?

This is "news"?  It reminds me of the most dystopian and critical anti chavez editorials in el nacional or globovision. Poor americans who have this sort of propaganda as their source for current events in latin america. I feel bad for anyone who thinks this article represents the reality of Venezuela.

More US propaganda against Chavez and the Chavez legacy from a US media controlled by big oil and other industrialists, because they still want that oil in their control. Average Americans lap it up because we need boogiemen like Chavez to support our ridiculous sense of self-righteousness and superiority that make us feel more at peace with the fact that our own country is a giant plutocratic deception. You want to talk about corruption and despotic power - look at this country where the average person can't get anything done for them that benefits their lives when up against any kind of corporate interest. We can't even get campaign finance reform from the people we vote into office - that is real corruption of a system at monolithic proportions. Even supposing Chavez was a dictator, all his actions were aimed at benefitting the poor and middle class. Those are the actions of a noble man, not the actions of men, like the ones we have in office who support the greedy who can't get their hands on enough, until they are willing to deny healthcare and take the food from the mouths of children. The only reason they don't suck the blood from babies is that it is too difficult to pry them from the arms of their mothers. So while we idiots keep fighting each other at the bottom with the sham that their exists a two party system, with liberals and conservatives pitted against each other to distract us from the real enemy, our slave masters laugh at our ignorance and folly. But of course those with the worst case of self-denial will rant the most about how delusional I am because they have bought into the whole scam, hook, line, and sinker. Whine on plutocrats with your entertaining propaganda. You can fool some of the people....

I used to have a girlfriend from Venezuela.. I had to get rid of her `cause she didn't know how to properly suck my hairy prick,and didn't even have the decency to swallow.