What a mess this is becoming. One way or the other it's going to bite us in the fanny.

Keep em paranoid. Stay on message. - Military Industrial Complex

whether they did or did not I would not believe the government anyway

It was just the stock pile of chlorine for Assad's swimming pool... it was accidentally hit by a missile by accident, accidentally. Yea, that's it. It was just an accident. Every body OK?

They said the same thing about Iran's capability in creating a nuclear warhead only to say they're closer than previously acknowledged...5 to 1 says Syria does have a chemical/biological/maybe nuclear arsenal...they are friends with Russia after all

But they probably have Weapons of Mass Destruction.  So let us in.

Yes, the Administration sees nothing unless it serves their purpose.

VX or Sarin gas ....go Syria!

What about the 20 something people who were attacked with chemical weapons? I guess they don't exist either

It was Bill Clinton who said in a legal indictment in NY district court that Iraq and Al Qaeda had a pact for al Qaeda to distribute Iraqs WMDs, shades of these same claims now that Syria may be distributing its chemical weapons through Hezbollah and other militant groups.We need to continue to stay out of this conflict.  The United States has no place in the Muslim world.  Let them sort it out.

Obama sees no chemical use, the 40 people hacking up blood and bleeding from every body opening was just the flu, or maybe they drank some bad water, because if Obama sees them using chemicals he'll, you know, he'll, ummm, he'll, ummmm, you all know what he'll do, he'll tell them to stop it and go on their TV and let them know he stands behind the people!

Granted Assad is not to be trusted but do any of you actually believe the WH?

Of course the US would deny it.. Obama/current admin is supporting these guys..

How come I just CANNOT believe anything coming out of the white house ?

Oh yea?  But found PLENTY of evidence of WMD in Iraq, where there was none?Maybe they'd better look at the 'Duchy of Grand Fenwick' too, while they're at it...  (Look up 'The Mouse that Roared')...

I would sooner go to syria and find out the truth, everything out of the white house VOICEBOX (carney) is a always a lie, changing daily

I doubt it was any of Syrias, the way the rebels don't mind killing civilians to make it look like the government did it, I would think one of the factions is Al Qaeda and they brought in a small amount to use then blame Assad hoping we will finally get involved and over throw him. We need to stay out of it. This is just like that large massacure a year ago and they blames Assad and it wasn't him.Some rebels fight for what is right but there are proven Al Qaeda factions also fighting as rebels and this is how they are taking hold in the Middle East and we are helping them so what were we doing hunting their leader for because they have a new and smarter one if we keep helping rebels over there and believing their lies.Unless we can show Assads stck pile has been touched by his people we need to keep out of it and let it play out.

Well i guess thats that then.

and I would'nt do this If I did'nt love you dear... Trust MeMaybe they should talk to Cheney---He knows where WMD is located.

U.S. official went further and said there was no evidence either side had used such weapons ...Of course not because if it was used it was obviously used by the Rebels, so the US as usual preferes to ignore and deny it ever happened rather than the reality that whom they are supporting used the weapon first.

Israel does, remember they knew WMD's were in Iraq also, F****** liars..

Assad is getting deparate now. He kows his time is time is runing out and he will do or say anything to keep hold of power and that includes making up lies about the opposition to garner support for his failing government.

There's something REALLY fishy about this.  Syria has said it "wouldn't commit suicide" via such action, and seems like a fairly believable concept.  Rebels attacking the people in such a manner doesn't seem to make much sense either.  I'm smelling a third party looking to throw fuel on the fire here.

Another cover or a WMD, like Iraq ?

IN other words, the only noxious vapors in Syria are the ones that emanate from Bashar Assad, and his dogs.

I love living in the USA! The rest of the world looks F up. =)

They wrote that off quick,protect Muslim brothers at any cost

go Russia  get them stinkin criminal terrorist/rebels I beleive the us supplied the chemicals to them in order to blame it on assad this may be the making of a usa take over attempt of putins russia.They wrote that off quick,protect Muslim brothers at any cost

Thank God a Republican is not in the Oval Office, if they were, our young men and women will be heading straight to Damascus.

The rebels.. the terrorists.. the al-quida.. the future members of Al-queda are now our friends in Syria. The politicians really do not care what is best for USA.We have no business in Syria. Stop giving any kind of financial or military support to those fanatics.70k innocent civilians have died. A million have been refugees. And all this due to our active/passive support to those terrorists.. oh .. they are our rebel fighters. Shame on you, leaders of USA/France/UK.

No evidence ehh?? I suppose the 26+/- dead, and the 80+/- sick or and dieing are just fakin it.Atleast that was the Yahoo story this morning.(26+/- dead,,80+/-sick,or dieing) And now there is no evedence.... hemmn??

Got to hell Obama you #$%$ son of a #$%$....got straight to hell.

What else would Obama's team say? For christ sake he's one of them!

They need to relax.

I'd trust any statement from the Whitehouse about as much as I'd trust a rabid monkey. It that redundent?

"This is an issue that has been made very clear by the president to be of great to concern to us," Carney said, adding that if the Syrian regime does use such weapons, "there will be consequences."  I think not.

we need to stay out of syria and support assad. the legal president is him and he fighting terrorist in his country and if the the clowns want to support the terrorist then look what has happen to the country's we have supported in the middle east. they hate us and they want our money. if this is true and the rebel have used chemicals weapon then they are not to be trusted. all assad had to do was give a little freedom to his people and you would not have this problem now but he should not let rebels or terrorist take over his country because the only freind we got over in the middle east is the Israeli people. Look at what the middle east says about them. they don't like that country at all.I''m not there, so I see no evidence either. Just like the administration, they are there. If I close my eyes I even see less. Bunch of the usual #$%$.

This from the same administration that told us the Bengasi 9/11/2012 attack was a spontaneous riot.