I go to an international supermarket for most of my meat and produce. The prices there are much better than anywhere else. Walmart has among the highest, despite their claims.

.....Here in the Fl. Panhandle Foodworld just closed &amp; Winn-Dixie is struggling. Why? because a Walmart is right in between them &amp; all the lard buckets would rather go there..So who's fault is it..YOURS.! so shaddup or support your local grocer who was their for you long before that killer of small business came  to town and stole our neighborhoods away forever.!

Those low wage jobs are hurting profits. ( LOL).

Albertson's is dying off slowly, much like A&amp;P did.  They exited Houston years ago (selling most of their stores to Kroger) and are basically extinct east of the Rockies.  As for SVU's Sav-A-Lot division, it's nice until Aldi enters a market then game over.

Dump the Unions

Albertson's is cutting operating cost,selling stores,layoffs and soon closeing one of there bigger wearhouses.It will be smaller but with better profits from cutting operating cost.

Many Motley Fool website articles told you to Buy SVU in the beginning of the year when the price was up higher than it is now over $4. After the price dropped on the stock to about $2, they were pushing everyone to sell as they scared us to death with only the negative points. Now its up over $3. Check the history yourself. You must find the old motley fool articles located on non Motley fool websites, because motley fool seems to block or limit your access to the history on thier site.If you listened both times to any market manipulators, you lost lots of money on this one. Read my entry below from 2 months ago. Deception, fear and greed drives the market.Best to look at fundamentals of a company after the panic occurs, and Wait for the liars or misinformed to weed out the emotional.This was a no brainer. If you listened to my article and bought at about $2, and cash out now you are ahead, or you can wait for the possibility of a sale of the company. The risk of the stock is now, keep it or keep at least some or sell all. For now I am keeping some SVU shares for possible acquisition of the company. But if you cash out some now to be conservative, you will diminish risk.

There is a need for a brand image, such as Kroger. Rebadge all brands to a single brand such as Albertson. If Jewell is better - consider combining the two names Use the low price point items in all stores.Use branded food and develop the image of the company. Kroger has done a good job there.

I am long in this stock because of all the press against it but yet it has very good cash flow, it is a $36 billion revenue company with brick and mortar assets, it sells groceries (not electronics that can be purchased online), the Save-A-Lot division is a hidden gem growing quickly and offering great products at competitive pricing, they are serious about improving the stock price for the investor, and Wal-Mart is not the competitor everyone says it is due to the deterioration in its properties and management. Also, it is in line to be at about 84% debt ratio in 2 years down from 98% now. Prior to the debt leveling off, it will be too late to get in due to increased price per share. Further, there are no signs of default anytime soon on their loans and SVU is paying down debt quickly. What’s more is the sale value of its asset’s are much higher than the balance sheet shows because the balance sheet value is driven down by depreciation. The loss per share is paper in nature, when the actual cash flow is very strong. This situation will only serve to help pay down debt faster when SVU’s income tax liability drops.Don’t be fooled by the tricky press you see.When looking at volume, it seems to me that smart money is buying into SVU now. Some articles create panic so weak willed people panic and sell. As the market drops, smart money pours in waiting for the upswing in a few weeks or even sooner.It is now selling at an unwarranted panic price which is easily driven by bad press. When the timid elements go away, the stock will rebound very soon. The smart money will continue to work down the price, but not for long.Lastly, when a buyer makes an offer for an acquisition, the high price swing is foreseeable due to book value of about $7 /share with only 213 million shares out. A well leveraged company can make such an offer to SVU because SVU still generates large cash flows and has growth opportunity in the Save-a-Lot division. Some other company may be able to right size through acquisition. Also, at that purchase price or higher, the remaining stock holders will take the offer when voted on. I encourage you to look for yourself at the financial situation (including the future abilities and potential of SVU) and make a smart decision not driven by fear and/or manipulation of others.

Just sell albertsons....they've been bought and sold in the past. Please lets just get it over withHope it`s not a BIG LOSS

SVU I'm all in I can feel something BIG!!!

please save cherry hill Genuardi's there workers including me and the rest of the store really need it, pleease save there jobs