Egypt will never be the same now that the brotherhood rules.

The criminals are "The Muslim Brotherhood"...

LOL.-----Anybody else "dismayed"?  I don't think so.

Whoof......If he's  dismayed over the hangings, just wait when the Impalements start.......

Where was the justice when the people of Egypt were intimidated at the polls? Where was the justice when people were denied their vote? Where was the justice when candidates were removed from the ballots? Where was the justice when the Muslim Brotherhood crafted their very own constitution in their own favor? Where was the justice when Morsi made that grab for power?

"Residents in Gharbiya province ..say people do not trust the police there to act on reports of rape."  "...people in Gharbiya are feeling hopeless."  This says it all.

Declare Egypt, as a secular state  and get maximum peace.

they must be real happy they got rid of Mubaraq

well its nice to see real Islam has taken root in Egypt

is the minister questioning the wisdom of IslamSorry Americans... Egyptians and Syrians for a few are showing you lately how REAL freedom and democracy are. I know that it is hard, if not impossible, for most of you, living in the isolated land called America, getting what I am referring to. I said ‘isolated’ because, as long you are out there, you can be sure that almost all important news that you are allowed to follow and know via your little screen (no matter how good your search/google is) are just well prepared and presented fairy tales (with audio/visual proofs with innocent comments as always). Anyway, I am glad that most Americans, enslaved by laws that exceed the stars in a clear moonless night, believe they are freer than all other people outside their borders. And they also really believe that they elect their president so that they don’t mind taking the blame every time their government does something wrong or bad, and quietly wait for the next election, so-called free, to live their hope again… and so on :)

Dismay.

Mubarak was a crazy tyrant president because the White House said so.Morsi is a democratic elected president because the White House says so.In brief, the White House is dictatorial. Is there a better defining word?

its nice to see 1000s of moderate secular Muslims throughout Egypt can take time off from work and their busy lives to roam the street and find people to murder for violating IslamMohammad must be very proud

King Faisal of Arabia once was quoted as saying "We (the Muslims) are a barbarous people" He said it to Lawrence of Arabia.

mid evil zealots

How can anyone be "dismayed" by the actions of animals? This "religion of peace and tolerance" is a total farce. Killing a man for sitting in a park out with a woman he's not married to, public lynchings, rape of young children, wholesale desertion by the military and police, assault on schoolgirls for not wearing a towel on their heads, kidnapping for ransom- this place is destined to be the next aghanistan! Meanwhile, the presidential palace and terrorist muslim brotherhood hq are the only priorities for whatever "security" apparatus is still intact. Won't be long before some taliban-esque force takes over, and people start getting lynched on soccer goals!

But it is okay for police to kill protesters.

Well now we know Morsi's days are numbered

Justice minister dismayed, nobody else cares thoughNo State and no humanity either.

I wonder if the Egyptian government will deal with their problems in the traditional way:  Start a war somewhere, conscript all the young men, and send them off to die.That's what the US did in the 1960's, the gov't lied about the "Gulf of Tonkin" to get us into the war in VIetnam and drafted all the young "troublemakers" so as to kill them off

did they

Step by step....one riot...and then another... the breakdown of law and order....the ruling (?) governments inability simply govern....and soon....more food shortages....public services will begin to become intermittent...etc.       All this and more is becoming  the growing path that Egypt is taking towards civil war.

did they cut off her clitoris and save it as evidence?

why did they have to ransom the raped girl?...Savages.      country of pigs

The Muslim Brotherhood rose to power after US Muslim lover president Barack Obama failed to support the friendly Hosni Mubarack and this extreme Islam is destroying Egypt.This reminds me of repeat of history when extreme Islam rose to power in Iran after moron peanut chewing farmer US president Jimmy Carter failed to support the Shah ( king ) of Iran and the Islamists destroyed Iran and now Iran is the most dangerous country in the world building huge military and missile forces and developing nuclear bombs to rule the world.The president of the United States of America is the most powerful man in the world and must be careful not to abuse his awesome powers, as it will cause lasting damage to many countries in the world. President Obama is well advised to order a military attack same day on both North Korea and Iran using nuclear tipped missiles to take down the evil regime of Ayatollah Kamani in Iran and fat boy Kim Jon Un Kimchee is North Korea for people's sake

Typical muslim behavior.

The White House insists that Morsi and his Muslim Brotherhoods, ruling Egypt in the name of Allah (as Saudi Arabia), are democratic. PERIOD.The White House insists that Pr. Assad, protected by the majority of his people and army for 2 years so far while they are facing the terror of Al-Qaeda (same terror exported to Iraq by USA many years ago)... is a tyrant dictator. And his secular System should be replaced soon by another radical fanatic anti-Arab regime as of Egypt. PERIOD.Aren’t Obama, H. Clinton, Joe Biden and now John Kerry, for a few, faithful radical fanatic jihadist? But perhaps they are all just blind :(

This state died months ago. They just haven't all figured it out yet.TIME to LYNCH the FRAUD STREET BANKSTERZ

They do the same thing in Mexico and for the same reasons. The police do nothing about law enforcement and only exist as "enforcers" for a thoroughly corrupt government.

A terrorist becomes president and law maker to impose Islamic Wahabis Shariah that the people of Egypt do not want. Egypt will be a failed state very soon unless Mursi renounces his Islamic disease.

well if by some chance I get to meet allah I don't want any virgins,i prefer them with lotsa experience.

lol so typical to see in Egypt this type of photos. There are no men living in that country, all animals..

People relax...Muslem Brotherhood always said they could be better if only allowed to take the power. They did and they are failing and with that the concept of religious leaders being efficient politicians will fail as well. All is good, just enjoy the show, Egypt will be fine soon. Those supporting dictators are prolonging the disease. Muslim Brotherhood is the medicine...it takes bad but will do the trick: it will make people turn against the real evil, islam.

This is turning into lawlessness like Pakistan's northern provinces. Hooray for the MB. I think they should acknowledge that they are just unable to rule and seek a coalition government with some of the power figures in the country. They are just hell bent on governing and turning it into an islamic stste.

Hmmm...Islamists deny Sharia? I thought it was amputation and then death? Oh, and women who didn't wear the headscarves were begging to be raped?  Welcome to the new world order, you sharia paradise, as proclaimed by your clerics.

These kinds of actions where present even before the revolution. The people of Egypt do not trust the police because it is to shabby point blank. It seems now it is 10 times worse. While country's of the west send millions and billion of dollars for the Egyptian government to just be more corrupt and more deadly to the people of Egypt. there are some FACTS .... and TRUTH.

Republicans tried to kill the United States, and even after the Constitution threw them out, Republicans who lost the election, then signed petitions renouncing the USAThis is the motto of the brotherhood “allah is our objective. muhammad is our leader. qur’an is our law. jihad is our way. Dying in the way of allah is our highest hope.” Is a highly organized political jihad whose goal is the implementation of shariah, around the globe, by political, military or islamic educational means. Furthermore, islamic ideology is based upon an intense hatred of the non-muslim. 90%-95% of all the conflicts on this planet today involve muslims fighting non-muslims or each other.

Anything that kills off more of these Muslim pigs is fine with me. I hope they have a full blown civil war.