I am not a Catholic...nor a protestant because I protest no one. But I have seen that it is easy to set in judgment over another when we cannot see his heart and then expect decent treatment when it comes time to be judged ourselves. I am going to reserve any comment about this man and wish him well in his increased endeavor.

lets put all the BS aside and wish this man all the best..Let He Who Is Without Sin Cast The First Stone

My feeling about this man , is it is the right time.   He emits goodness and fairness.  God Bless him in all that is being entrusted to him.

That's what you need, a pope, who is "politically savvy."

Unfortunately, we live in a world that opposes anything of a 'Christian nature.' It is OK if it is Muslim, Shinto, Hindu, or Atheistic but Christian? Not so. So, the negative comments on this guy are going to fun higher than anything good can be said about him or his religion. Fortunately, for all concerned, we do not have the final word...but I do know some one who has...and he does not think like we think...for "His ways are higher than our ways and His thoughts higher than ours." So, maybe the new Pope will get a fairer judgment than he can get here among all the criticizers.

I have a very strong suspicion that there is a roaring lion inside that gentle, humble exterior. The next couple years are going to be very interesting.

A Pope that champions and fights for the poor will not be popular with the establishment.  Above all, the establisment wants to maintain the status quo because it works for them.  That's been the problem with Latin America for the past 200 years

"It costs so much to be a full human being, that there are very few who have the enlightenment or courage to pay the price. One has to abandon altogether the search for security and reach out to the risk of living with both arms. One has to embrace the world like a lover. One has to accept pain as a condition of existence. One has to court doubt and darkness as the cost of knowing. One needs a will stubborn in conflict, but apt always to total acceptance of every consequence of living and dying."- from The Shoes of the Fisherman

Right... like USA politics is any less corrupt than Argentina's.

Why so much hatred?capitalist excess-This is as far into the article I needed to get to see the mind set of the writers. Socialism has FAILED everywhere it has bee tried. Even europe is coming undone but the mindless LEFT WING LOON TOOLS aren't smart enough to see it.

If the new Pope is successful in making changes within the Church, he will have to be both politician and religious leader.............

"Pope Francis has honed his leadership skills in one of the most difficult classrooms on the planet: Argentina, where politics has long been a blood sport practiced only by the brave." = = = But no mention that the US backed the creation of a blood-thirsty junta that tortured and slaughtered thousands. Why the omission? Because it's important for US readers to think that "they" in "those countries" are backward and need American exceptionalist salvation.

I don't care what anyone saids.  Buenos Aires rock, and I would love to go back and visit!

In this world the casting of judgements one against another comes all too easily and is central towhy so much violence takes place.  Judgement is just something the common person has beenNOT DISCIPLINED TO DO and with dire consequence but the politicians have used it as a toolnone the less.  In America this fact had been championed by the GOP which in the ultimate cases of self denial obscures the facts while spreading dellusional paranoia about "what mayhappen" while burying sound criticisms of its previous failures in doing the same.  Spreadingfiction has become such an important tool in the information age I believe the 21st century willbe characterized as the "disinformation age".

There is one true Church, but it is not found in a certain denomination or group by itself. Those who claim you must join their group or Church to be right with God, only prove they do not understand what the word Church or Body of Christ means. It is not exclusive but inclusive, as it is found in the heart of all those who have accepted Jesus, and have come to God the way He has provided (through His son on the cross), and hold to the essentials of the faith. The Church transcends denominational barriers. It exists within denominations, as well as outside of them.

What does Pope mean in Italian?

We shall see

i thank God for the gift of Pope Francis. i think the article wants us to see the background of this pastor from Argentina. much like John Paul II when his background of the concentration camp and the communists in Poland, Pope Francis' long and hard journey to papacy is laid before us to understand where is he coming. like the gold that is refined in intense heat, our new Pope was fashioned by hardships and conflicts.  there is something precious in this man.  The Catholic Church is indeed blessed to have FRANCIS!

The President there is hot. So obama will be bhitting on that soon there will be a trip to Argentina in the near future. Laugh. Biden is already drooloing on himself, the Brent Musberger of the political scene. laughing.Politicians are supposed to listen to people they represent.Don't confuse the Pope with a politician. It's not in his job description !

The church doesn't need to change.  The western countries need to.  Shazam

In the Mighty and Powerful Name of JESUS CHRIST, the Only Son of the Living and One True GOD, the King of kings and the Lord of lords, the Eternal Word: GOD Bless Pope Francis, Catholic Argentina and the Roman Catholic Church!!! Saint Francis of Assisi, pray for us.

I guess so enough #$%$ hung out there for years and secretly influenced the place. Hey, you can geta good steak there I hear too.

Imagine having an ID that says--The Pope--who are you again? The Pope.

The hate against the Pope is understandable.....'his stand against homosexualism' But let me warn that no amount of campaign, blackmail, calumny from the powerful gay empire and kingdom shall sway him away from holding  and preaching firm, the Heavenly God's injunctions! Seeing yourself as gay is an unforgiveable sin punishable by eternal death.

Practiced by the brave or the cowardly... In his case he was quiet and cowardly...

3 hail Mary's and never apologize to the victims...

Does anyone really want a politically savvy Pope?  Doesn't savvy mean wily?  I just want a good man, not a politician.

i.e. how to keep being Catholic when you're surrounded by regressives within and without- I hope.What a huge and similar parallel."Kirchner branded him as the BIG OPPOSING FORCE, but Bergoglio didn't like that, because he wanted to be seen as a pastor and not a politician," Michetti said.Others say Bergoglio was BORN for politics."Bergoglio LIKES politics more than 'dulce de leche' (Argentine caramel)," said Ignacio Fidanza, an analyst atThose revelations featured heavily in the conclave. U.S. cardinals in particular insisted that the new pontiff must clean up the mess within the Vatican's own walls to restore credibility to the church as a whole.Fernandez's slogan became "we're going for more."Bergoglio responded in kind.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pope John Paul I. The "Smiling Pope," as he was affectionately called was born Albino Luciani on October 17, 1912 near Belluno, Italy. He was ordained in 1935, made Bishop in 1958 and became patriarch of Venice in 1969. He received his cardinal#$%$ in 1973. He was a staunch believer in ecumenism and the REDUCTION of Church wealth. He was WARM, HUMBLE and had no aspirations for the papacy. After Pope Paul VI died, Luciani was elected on the second day of the Conclave in 1978. He REFUSED to wear the papal tiara or to be carried in the gestatorial chair. He was praised as a liberal REFORMER who read Mark Twain. He was on a mission to reverse the Church's position on contraception, CLEANING UP the Vatican bank and DISMISSING many Masonic cardinals.Many Roman clerics were HOSTILE towards Luciani. It was rumored he was deliberately elected by cardinals keeping secrets that he was too weak to bother them and his health would cause him to die prematurely in office. However, to the surprise and consternation of those very same cardinals, Pope John Paul I IMMEDIATELY investigated the Vatican Bank and wanted to CLEAN HOUSE of any prominent prelates who were Freemasons.He was about to make a series of dismissals and new appointments and remove those accused of financial and other misdeeds. All this has been construed as a motive for his murder.

I will be surprised if he really turns out to be a reformist and if he shows more transparency when it comes to the Vatican Bank Scandal .

Argentina had one of the biggest economies in the world.right behind Germany, Britain, and the US.  It took 60 years of socialism to bring down the economy from the capitalist excesses it once enjoyed.

I'm hoping the populace will be fair about him as a person and a Pope.  His job will be a masive one due to the size and divesity of his people.  God speed.

Christina better be sitting in the "front row" and paying heed

Hey maybe he can help us Obama cant

Some awful comments about the Vicar of Christ.  Get right with the lord before its too late

Argentinian Government still needs to pay for wrong doingb and mass killing.

Why so many Motley Fool articals on yahoo now ???  i hate them.

Notice how Yahoo pins those yellow shields mostly on anti-Catholic posts? I wonder why...There's a lot miserable people on earth, and half of them are here on Yahoo writing nasty comments.

Argentina's history has been swaying back and forth between dictatorship and some lucid form of democracy !

"The church was, is and will be persecuted,"Yes, but leaders of the Church collaborated with the brutality and murderous forces of both sides in Argentina.  Bringing them to Justice is NOT persecution of the Church.  LESSON: Politics has NO place in this Church.

"I like your Christ.. i dislike your Christians.. they're so unlike your Christ." - M Gandhi

The Pope should talk openly against Pedophilism and bring clear rules to the Church to gradually exclude those men that messed with boys. Those priests can be honorably assigned other responsibilities, if they come out openly with their confessions to their Superiors.He can also encourage Men to become better Dads of their children, just like both the US Presidential candidates in 2012.

Agrees with Obama on animal health care.

Must be like MMA, with a choke hold you dont want to release, nor can tapout from.

"When religion and politics ride in the same cart, the whirlwind follows."- Frank Herbert in "Dune"

LOVE GOD&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;

Those guards have silly uniforms. Maybe somebody should tell them.The Catholic church was very quiet during the killings of the Military Junta between 1976 and 1983. Nuns got killed, those that helped the poor, and the church was silent.Hope the horrors of that dictatorship and the Kirchner regime have opened the pope's eyes.

there's no such thing as a ghost in the sky...

He's got my "thumbs up"! Seems like just the right man to get the job done! God bless this new Pope Francis!

Count liberals as your friends at your own peril.

whatever it is, POPE FRANCIS is very educated and argued a lot on the subject of what we really  need to understand., imagine he gave up millions of dollrs that he could have made by not being a priest , he gave all that up for the sake of humanity , a real teacher . GOD BLESS YOU HOLY FATHER POPE FRANCIS.

I thought they said "Booty Camp"

Political dictatorship and  a religious dictatorship work for the same goal -- mindless obedience to authority and rules.

Argentina is still under a quasi-fascist regime. Don't blame the pope. Blame the people and the government that continues to allow it.

Esteban is so right. The US has  military school in Ft Benning,  GA called WHINSEC, formally the School of the Americas where they teach terrorist tactics to Central and South American military. Grads have been involved in killings thruout the area including the assassination of Bishop Oscar Romero.

Governments see established religion as a threat to their existence. The Catholic church provides schools...much better schools than in the city of Chicago and at a lower cost. Government (and the media) wants to teach you and your children what to believe. They do not like competition, especially in less democratic countries such as China or others that exist in the Third world.How much respect and attention would the Pope receive without his vestments and the trappings of the Vatican?

His murderous Opus Dei has plans for him to carry out for Lucifer.

Why would he be against free condoms for people?  That's insane!  If they are going to have sex it's better they have protection isn't it?  If all that is said is true about this Pope, then the Basilica doesn't have to do damage control for him.  People will get to know him and figure it out for themselves.  They sure don't mind bashing Benedict and constantly make sure that Francis is a people's pope more than Benedict was.  This will turn me against him quicker than anything.  Francis needs to keep reminding his people that they need to stop judging even if he has to ram down their throats.  After all, they are the one doing the bad mouthing.

And the Argentine president who dislikes the POPE is traveling for his ceremony with lots of guest in her private plane with money she owes to the Monetary Fund .Who invited her !!!

he looks like he could change the direction of the church.

Culture of death is the people who mate and murder their little babies in the womb. Those abortionists. Gross

The guy saluting should have a J above and below.  He looks like he just fell off a deck of cards.

It is about time that Catholics have a decent Pope!

Can we get a Pope who hasn't collaborated with murderers?

Proud to be Catholic because it's the only form of Christianitythat doesn't beat up the others. Then again, what parent woulddo that to their kids !obama an ego maniac. congress...ego maniacs. the election of a new pope and one who preaches morality...ahhhh okay the world is still not to that point. yeah i know the catholic church has it's faults but compared to humanity now as a whole...i'll take the catholic church. watch jersey shore or single mom on mtv if you think the catholic church have issues and get back to me

He likes cooked__________________. swine

He will make Benny Hinn his little sidekick pope.

His fish god hat of Dagon speaks to him.

politically savy?? i don't think so.

The Catholic Church needs someone who will clean house.  They need to excommunicate these priests that abused children.  I'm sorry, I just see in this pope someone else that is complacent with wrongdoings and willing to form alliances with anyone if it will benefit the church politically, which I guess is what politically savvy means.  Politically savvy isn't what the Catholic church needs, they need courage.  I have tried to stand by the church through all of this cover up business, but unfortunately I'm done.  I'm going to stop giving money to the church, it is after all what the new pope wants when he said the church should be poor.I just can't believe he is more focused on people taking trips to Rome than the rape and molestation of children.  By the way, what will happen to all the people that work in the hospitality business if people stopped travelling to Rome as he requested.  We would just have more poor people without jobs.  The best way to help the poor people is to create jobs, which comes through commerce.  This guy is certainly a product of Argentina where no one pays their bills and they simply confiscate private property.

"Pope Francis has honed his leadership skills in one of the most difficult classrooms on the planet...[and failed miserably]. Under his watch, Argentina recognized same-sex marriage. Under his watch, he did not stand up for the poor and oppressed, instead choosing to back the junta. But I suppose now is not the time to mention such things, since the media are all falling in line to praise him. Reminds me of when President Kennedy's book "Profiles in Courage" came out. Lamestream media reviewers were lined up to heap their praises and assure its place as a best-seller. Wonder if Francis will get around to taking questions from the press - or will only Pope-friendly press be allowed access. Oh well, that's the way of the world.

Polotics is in the DNA of Hispanics  --- sometimes recessive, more often dominant in a ratio of 3X1  !!!

If you're not a Catholic than just call yourself a lackie and we understand where you are coming from when you comment.

I hope that some of you Catholic Latino immigrants in the United States write (in Spanish of course) to Padre Jorge (Pope Francis) to educate him about your experience with American Catholic clerics and about your experience as a Hispanic immigrant in the United States.I trust that Padre Jorge would welcome such information. Furthermore, it would help him in making decisions about both."Bloodsport" ....is an interesting choice of words.

My feeling about this man....is that he is no different from any other human being.  He is a sinner like all of us.  The world is looking for hope, love, and peace. The only man that can give us all of the above is the son of God, Jesus Christ.   Jesus said:"But whoever drinks the water i give them will Never thirst, indeed the water i give them will become in them a spring of water welling up to Eternal Life"....John 4:14This is our ONLY hope the King of Kings....Jesus of Nazareth!!!

"Don't cry for me Ar-gen-ti-na...!"

I can respect that there is a person at the Vatican that is a good man. I just wonder what's wrong with a suit and a tie and a normal chair. Why a hat with "Vicarius Fili Dei" written on the inside, different robes, and chairs that mimic a throne?

Didn't a Catholic leader just say that Pedophilia should not be illegal?

There is no need for boot camp.....the Pope needs to teach and preach Gods Ten Commands and lead by example, actions speak louder than words..........

We spend 12 hours a day cursing the intrusion of religion and religion leaders into politics, and we spend the other 12 hours of the day cursing religion and religious leaders for not getting deeper involved into politics.

That picture makes me sick. Those two despise each other in a way most of uswould never be capable of. But they smile and shake hands, God I wish I knewwhat they were thinking at that precise moment.

I dont need a pope of any stripe...the Bible is sufficient for all issues regarding faith and doctine.

AMEN.  Let's not forget the GOOD that is done by the clerical and lay people of the Church for the Entire World!   It is a shame that the sins of a very small minority outweigh all the charitable goodness of the Catholic Church -- in the the eyes of the Media - who promote it to all who will listen.All that garbage on the internet about the secret oaths that Jesuits take is false.  Though it is stated so often as fact like many other anti-catholic conspiracy theories it is rewritting of History and complete #$%$!The accusations brought against the Society have been exceptional for their frequency and fierceness. Many indeed would be too absurd to deserve mention, were they not credited even by cultured and literary people. Such for instance are the charges that the Society was responsible for the Franco-Prussian War, the affaire Dreyfus, the Panama scandal, the assassination of popes, princes, etc. — statements found in books and periodicals of some pretense. So likewise is the so-called Jesuit oath, a clumsy fabrication of the forger Robert Ware, exposed by Bridgett in "Blunders and Forgeries". The fallacy of such accusations may often be detected by general principles.Needless to say, once anything resembling "mud" gets posted on the internet, it gets repeated ad nauseum, so readers swallow the bait. And also needless to note, because of Pope Francis being a Jesuit, the malicious posts are running rampant. HERE is a look at something posted long before the new pope was elected that supports the Cath Encyc:Ware's most notable forgeries were "The Jesuit Oath" and "Foxes and Firebrands." The former is sort of like "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion," in that it falsely constructs a sort of manifesto of the Jesuits, describing their intention to "wage relentless war, secretly or openly, against all heretics, Protestants and Liberals...to extirpate and exterminate them from the face of the whole earth" and that it is still used to condemn Catholics today, either by stupid people who never heard that it was fake, or by malicious people who tell stupid people about it.

Meet the new Pope, same as the old Pope. There are more old men waiting to keep this institution in the dark ages.

He will chase the old pope into a casket.

Maybe he will bring the Mexicans on board with worship of the Skull Lady that they love.

I thought boot camp made you tougher, not a snivelling coward who kisses the feet of dictators?

I love God and believe in as my lord.  The Catholic church scares me...it's creepy.....

Mark Twain: "If Jesus were here today there is one thing he would not be - a christian!"  We do not need a politician !   Whatever happened to the common sense of "Do unto others." ?

Have you Catholics got yourself a pope or a God Father? Either way I believe he can clean up the mess. I really don't think he can save crazy Joe. Oblunder favors the Muslim religion and I guess Allah the moon God. It's a confusing time for religion.

Is collaboration with murderers as common as pedophilia in the Catholic Church? John Jay College stated that 1/25 Catholic priests in the USA had sex with a child.  How many Cardinals have said private masses for dictators?

When the author's say "blood sport," naturally they mean the blood of the poor and working class; not the blood of the military, the industrialists, or the church.Judging by all the blue-and-gold on the Swiss Guard uniforms, the Pope might want to change their military camouflage. Sure, they can blend in well enough into a crowd of Los Angeles Lakers fans, but how often is that a security necessity?

I do believe we see a Gentle Giant and look out,  I believe it's time.

C'mon HATERS! Bring it on! The Church will stand any demonic actions and words you throw at it, because that is TRUTH!Shame on you all! Look at your perverted hearts first!!! Sons and daughters of Satan!!!

why is it that the extremists on the right (fundamentalist types, Seventh dayers, jehovas witness) and the extremists on the left (communitsts, secularists, extreme gay righters) only have ONE thing in common- a deep hatred for the Catholic church. it's one of the things that got me (while i was a protestant missionary) to at least look at the catholic church and ask, what's going on here? why do people hate this thing with such weak reasons and arguments.and after a long search through the scriptures, though history, and though asking questions i was led home to the Catholic church

He who is first shall be last. If Jesus was a simple man, why do these clerics have such lavish jewelry and garb and place themselves at the forefront? If the Church does not maintain Bible standards could they really have God's favor and blessing? God's standards and requirements for those that worship him do not/have not changed. Everyone is individually accountable for their actions. Church leaders who mislead, teach false doctrine, and abuse their status are worse than an unbeliever. Read the bible yourself, draw close to god and he will draw close to you.

Boehner should call him to learn how to fight and win a battle.

The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife.

I've noticed that carpet munchers and turd burglars don't really like Catholic Popes.  I wonder why that is...?

those who are fed up with the cover ups/scandal/byzantine bureaucracy of the church, give the man a chance to work on the problem. as the saying goes, rome wasn't built in a day, so cleaning it up won't happen in a day either. francis looks like a man who has made mistakes (as have we all) but has actually learned from them and committed himself to doing a better job. at this point, a sincere effort to get it right is appreciated.

That hat!Shows he's not Christian!OMG!A photo is worth 1000 words.rickThe more amazing the scientific discovery, the less likely the reason for that discovery made an appearance in the middle east thousands of years ago, to let us know he is in any way, especially concerned with what humans are doing naked, then after laying down the rules, used human sacrifice to demonstrate virtue :)

This is going to go over a lot of peoples head but here goes,,,,The height of arrogance is the height of control of those who create god in their own image .Freethinkers enjoy....

9 year old boy booty camp is what the catholic church is.

Come on, he conducted private masses for a dictator and supported political murderers.  Why can't we call a spade a spade?  It would be nice to have a Pope with courage and integrity for a change.

Don't cry for me Argentina

POLITICALLY SAVVY... SO HE CHANGES HIS STRIPES WHEN CONVENIENT ??or does the liberal media want to paint the pope as a chameleon charlotte like obama ??

1 year from now we will be hearing about his failing health. I don't get why They select an old pope

The new Pope is doing a great job already. In the Argentinian setting, it is impossible to please everyone, at any time. That applies to what anyone does, let alone the Pope. I think personally you have to maximize the good out of the present situation. That is pretty much what Francis does. He helps the poor and educates the rich. That is the Jesuit way.

So Ratzinger was 17 when he collaborated with the #$%$ - so young he could be potentially forgiven. But this guy was in his prime and stuck his head up his #$%$ while a generation was being murdered.

he probably wont have to turn priest over to a military junta he'll have underlings for that now.... so humble... man he's humble, look at him being humble, now that's humble, that too... humble... man o man he's humble....oh look he's doing it again! being humble....good thing people are around to point it out or we would miss out on all the he being humble.Hope no kids where at this camp.

Looks like the klan to me lol. What's up with the toy soldier wearing the clown outfit?

What use is he dead? Big Mouths die young sometimes. He played it smart, and now he's here to serve

A human church attempting to be divine is quite a trick good luck!

Let's here more about Argentina and it's war with the UK

"We have to overcome the constant state of confrontation that deepens our ills." Those words fit the situation in the US as well as anywhere in the world. Especially when there is a group of people who cheer on confrontation and care not one whit for the poor. My guess is that Ted Cruz and his devotees will not be attending any masses by the new Pope.

Argentinian Christina Fernandes, your judgement day has come.be ready to give us your #$%$

I love u pope francisco 1.may god guide and direct yr steps.the world needs miracle of change not just words and i trust god to see you through all,amen

I can't get myself to troll on Pope articles for fear of Godly repercussions.

I'm just going to call him Mario.I don't normally rep the Catholic Church, but this man is very wise and the more I read about him the more I like him. He's one of us and he represents the "every man" better than many of the other socially-removed pontiffs of the past.

What does this pope guy do?Criticize poverty?     Wow how original.Criticize violence?     woo woo -- never thought of that.we know catholics molest kids but what else do they do?Explain

be ware politics means subtlety, and the serpant was more subtil then any of the other beasts of the field: Gen 3:1 ,1Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?KJV

Are those cool hats, or are they some kind of a phallic symbol? I hope he gets to wear it when he's off work and goes home.

Who are those people dressed up like court jesters?

Bjr je souhaite la bien venue au Pape François pour son premier parole de prier sur lui et qu'il aime a vivre avec les pauvres,et nous les catholiques nous le souhaitons beaucoup de santé,prosperité et de prier sur nous les pauvres pour la pauvretée disparaitre dans nos vies.Que l'esprit de Dieu descends sur lui,des paroles miraculeuses,et après soient partager a nous aussi.Amen!Amen!Amen!

Thanks for the photo of super-sexy Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner. She is sooooo hot!

What a Hypocrite! Father Bergoglio was silent during the Junta Caudillo Dictatorship. He was hiding behind the shadow of his silence then as a powerful church leader, denying the "dead" the "disappeared" a voice against the injustice of these Argentinean dictators. The Poor was then and the Poor is now. Seeing the light he became enraged because there were no death squads and no disappearance with the current government.Then the caudillos were fighting Liberation Theology he saw in them an ally because of the great support the slum the poor gave to this new form of theology, the liberation theology.Fue La Razón Máxima de Bergoglio.  Erare Humanum Es.  Erare Deum No Es.

time to put him in the ring of honor !

Christina is the devil........let's see if this guy and #$%$ slap her into place......if he can do that , he gets my voteHello:There will always have "feulding and corruption" in the church.To help the poor (most of whom shouldn't have been borned; and more are coming on the way)plenty money is needed.I hope he can break a $5. and feed 5000 poor people; or else he is going to fail in this mission.Money is the main cause of the crisis in the middle east and else where--Spain, greece, portugal ect.,ect.,ect.From where is he going to get the money ??Oh! from China and Venezuela.This comment is mainly written beacause I am tired of hearing that he want to help the ppor.Please tell me where I went wrong with my analysis.  Thanks

The pope is against Kirchner because she is closer to Jesus in the way she runs the country than the church itself!!

A poltician not a Pope.. No one will follow another politician.. Good luck catholics.. Remember the Falklands lol. This guy is a loser for Catholics

In contrast to the super-upbeat tone of American TV coverage, the New York Timesdid publish a front-page analysis on the Pope’s conservatism, citing his“vigorous” opposition to abortion, gay marriage and the ordination of women. TheTimes article by Emily Schmall and Larry Rohter then added:“He was less energetic, however, when it came to standing up to Argentina’smilitary dictatorship during the 1970s as the country was consumed by a conflictbetween right and left that became known as the Dirty War. He has been accusedof knowing about abuses and failing to do enough to stop them while as many as30,000 people were disappeared, tortured or killed by the dictatorship.”

They exchanged a member of Hitler Youth for a man DIRECTLY implicated in torture, under the military Junta. "Old fascists for older fascists".

Remnant Catholics: Storm Approaching !

These Catholic costumes these clowns wear are just too much,,,lol,, Look at the guard,, LMAO

Ask the new Pope,  where are (los desaparecidos)  buried and where are the children of (los desaparecidos) Why is he not helping the women of Argentina get the answers from the Fascist Junta of Argentina as to where their children were tossed.

Like any corporate organization  that is going  bad,have to take "corrective action" if not the shareholders start dumping they shares (believers)the catholic church are  losing  money every Sunday and sheep pay are down.....so, we take a no so "clean" guy as CEO and go to business as usual....This Pope keep quiet,obedient and deft to six years of one of the worst military "dictadura"that kill and vanishing more than 30000 (yes, thirty thousands} human being..in one thousands two hundred millions of stupid,brain washing and "fanatic" thirty thousand is peanuts....the structure of the catholic church like any (YES ANY) other religion is wrong, religion divide not add...Francisco 1 is like Maradona the hand of god..........

Quai cun que era, cun stanti sequamer, secundum Jesu Christi Spiritum.I am catholic but will never go back to the religon I hope the nasty priests that rape young boys are and will burn in hell. Catholic religon needs to be wiped away from this planet forever

That's putting it mildly where in reality Argentina is probably the denizen of hell for many of the world's immigrant population who were given a choice by their home nations: leave or face the firing squad. It's government may be politely characterized as completely dysfunctional. And that is on a good day.

Way to go catholics! You have this one who is worse than the last one and now have both in communal rule ! God help you all !

Yahoo loves the Kardashians and the catholic cult!!! Go figure!!

lets just hope he dont approve of two gays having sex with each other......or some filthy LESBIAN eating each other

I don't hear anything about working on poverty. Those people sitting at the doors of churchs, asking for food or money. Who is going to fix it?

Is that a KKK hat?

OK ! EVERYBODY ! CALM DOWN !!!This Pope says his Mission is to lead His Flock, not to Minister Secular Issues which the World Does Not Want to Hear. SO, WHAT"S the Problem ?!?Let this Gentle Man lead his Flock, (much like the Lead Cow with a Bell around its' neck in the Swiss Alps). The Cows, and His Flock of Sheep will certainly Follow him ANYWHERE: Even into the dypths of Oblivion, all on their own.It's Called Self Destruction. Thank God For That ! The World Will Have A Chance !

oh a pope camp or poop camp ?

The Catholic church is not being "persecuted".  It is "reaping what is has sowed" as the result of its unscriptural doctrines and centuries long crimes against humanity.Jesus and the first century Christian congregation were persecuted.  They were "persecuted for righteousness sake".  They did nothing wrong.  Big difference."With Argentina's justice system putting dictatorship-era officials on trial for human rights violations like never before"We are chasing and hunting down all those US lackeys that killed 30,000 Argentinians on behalf of their US mentors.

Our Lord taught us to love God with all our hearts, and to love our neighbor as ourselves. There are innocent children crying out for justice because they were raped by pedophile priests and their fellow priests covered up the crimes. I demand to see justice first from these hypocrites before anything else.

seventy six years old, status quo guy-lots of ceremony but no substance. waste of time. church stays locked in the past. like other extinct species-never adapted. hopeless and doomed.

Ah yes, the spin never ends with these criminals.First we have the article about how the pope denied revenge yesterday on some centuries old grudge between the superstitious morons.Now we have the article about what a fearsome politician the pope is.Well at least yahoo is getting closer to the true.....the pope is a politician first, and religious leader second.

He twisted in the wind depending who had control of the government in Argentina. Since the last pope was a Nazi this is no surprise.

roman catholic doctrine is one of the greatest evils in the world because it pretends to be christian while keeping people away from true salvation by grace, I wish you all could know this and stay away and open your bibles and READ THE TRUTH FOR YOURSELF. And no the catholics did NOT write the bible, another foolish statement from the pit of hell. Do yourself a favor and read the little book of Romans by our apostle Paul and you will see the truth.

Pope Francis is a demon....He is not a Godly man....it time to tell the truth on this man who was involved in a kidnapping and associated with death squads...

More like booty camp for 8 year old boys.

Yesterday this pope said politics were not his duty. His duty was to guide the flock and and not force his aganda on a world that does not want to hear it.Today this pope says Politica are his DUTY ! And will not shy away from confrontation cencerning them.This pope is a liar.  And God help all humanity, a bigger one than our liars in  our government.

do we need political savvy pope or spiritual leader did I missed somethingThe Vatican is a State as any other State in the world.Bergoglio was under the Vatican umbrella as an Argentinean in Argentina.

The chick in the photo is hot.  Niece to see a priest with a girl for a change.

Why do people actually think that any insider, like this particular man (even with a cool name like Francis), will do anything different than his predessessors? He's from the same Roman Curia culture that most popes in the last 200 years have come from. It is not to the benefit of the clerical culture in Rome to make any significant changes in the governing body of the church. As Ratzinger said, "The future church will be smaller and more conservative". These prelates want to survive! They care little about the so-called faithful.

White "people" are so incredibly racist ....... And they wonder why this world sucks !

Tired of these so called RC Bashers!!! I was born as a Catholic and I will die as a Catholic. Period!!!... No other religion that has been blessed so much as evident on miracles except RC. I know the fact that religion will not save you but faith and way of living is. RC is not perfect and so as the house of David, even David committed mortal sin but he wasn't doomed because in the end there's repentance on his heart.

People respected the catholic church more when they could torture dissidents... these days they just torture children with pedophile priests.

Gay marriage is totally legal in Argentina.  God is sending a message...get with HIS program of acceptance for all and stop the hate.

when is it time to get down to business like picking out a boyfriend.

Thats the problem with these priestsYou cant indulge in politics and be a Godly man.Politics is corrupt and destroys even the strongest menIt killed Jesus-  therefore has no place in God's KingdomBut here on earth-  well a flock of dumb sheep living in denialWill forge on because this is how they maintain power and controlFor those who understand God-  you must realize  this place is destined for annihalationAll you see today is a devine plan by the corrupt to fullfil prophecyThey are here !the 10 hornsthe BeastThe antichristthe Harlotall stated in Revelations 17

I seen some catholic brag about how many they are over a billion; I think that proves that they are taking the easy door and the wide gate to destructlion as The Lord Jesus said: ... reference Mathew 7:13-13Enter by the narrow entrance. For the entrance is wide, and the way is broad that leads todestruction, and MANY travel that way.On the other hand he said the door to salvation is difficult and FEW, FEW OK..FEW WILL NEVER BE A BILLION.MATHEW 7:1414But the entrance is narrow, and the way is difficult that leads to life, and only A FEW  FIND ITThis pope is in the line of his predecessors. Woytila was a Nazi collaborator (sales representative of IG Farben), Ratzinger - a Hitlerjugend member. This pope was an Argentine murderous junta supporter. Pay attention to this paragraph above"The church was, is and will be persecuted," Jorge Mario Bergoglio said from the pulpit during a particularly tense phase in 2007, before a police chaplain was given a life sentence for junta-era tortures and killings. "The methods were and are the same: disinformation, defamation and calumny."So, sentencing a torturer was based on "disinformation, defamation and calumny."?! Paedophilia of his priests in Argentine and worldwide is yet another "disinformation, defamation and calumny."?This pope is the same type of liar as his two predecessors.

Political savvy or just a compromising coward? Thin line. He may have stepped over that line.The best Argentine priests are probably dead during the brutal dictatorship and we're left with specimen as Pope Francis.

Enough with the articles on the pedophile protector.

He seems to be dangerously benign. Keep a close eye on this guy. He just might be THE game changer.

wonder if Francis will need to bring his own squad of choir boys or use what Vatican already has

Pecorino: the official cheese of the Catholic church.

He is just another commie loving pervert like the rest of his kind in religion, politics, education, unions and entertainment. A who re for Communism and a leader for the illusions that trick people with their deception and cunning.

Who is this guy and why is he waring that funny hat mommy?

What is it with sick wierdo psychopaths some how obtaining power, and good hard working people getting screwed?

"The church was, is and will be persecuted," Jorge Mario Bergoglio said from the pulpit during a particularly tense phase in 2007, before a police chaplain was given a life sentence for junta-era tortures and killings. "The methods were and are the same: disinformation, defamation and calumny."Big ball now! He stood silent when people were disappearing during the caudillos dictatorship.The Poor of the slum was, is and will be persecuted to paraphrase him.What is a police chaplain? A catholic police chaplain? A catholic father assigned to the police perhaps. Probably an accomplice, a witness to the atrocities of that moment.We are witnessed an enraged cardinal Bergoglio comparing the actual government methods of sentencing this police chaplain with the past was pathetic. He was enraged against Justice as one of his elk was paying a penalty price for  injustice.  Again the core of the matter was Liberation Theology that father, cardinal Bergoglio was against and he found an ally with the caudillos. This police chaplain was simple a servant of the Junta and ipso facto father Bergoglio.Blood in your hands Pal! You got your sentence.why do the Vatican guards wear such stupid looking uniforms? They guard the Pope a fairly serious job yet they are dressed like 13th century court jesters.

Gracias ! a Dios. el papa y todos sus integrantes Dios esta con ellos se ciente la paz y felizcidad !!Dios los bendiga  las Santas misas sean celebradas por todos los rrincones de la tierra !!

I live in Buenos Aires. What I see is that this government is using the ''human rights'' fight as a weapon to earn people's trust to them, also the Malvinas/Falklands theme was something that made this government look more patriotic, thereby everyone feel like ''we are all argentinians and proud of it'', so the government has a good image for people... but when it comes to economy, everything is falling down. I've already said, they took control over the INDEC to control the national statistics and change them to make it look like everything is alright and better than before, when it's not at all. Other thing, is the insecurity: Each day we have lots of deaths due to insecurity, and I mean LOTS OF PEOPLE. What did Cristina said about this? ''IT'S A SENSATION'', ''THE MEDIA IS FAKING THE INFORMATION''... but it's not like that. I've been asaulted more than 11 times and this last month I had two asaults by thieves. Thieves are everywhere and they are protected by ''human rights'' as nobody else.If someone is against the government, then they say ''this person is in favor of the ''dirrty war'' ideals'' and they call you ''facho''. Thereby there's a lot of problems among the people, 'cause these acusations from the gobernment to people against their ideals are made a division against pro Kirchner's party and the people that don't belong to any party but disagree with what this government does.The thing about Francis is that he disagrees with the Kirchners but they started to use the media (they control most of it) to invent information of Francis, like he was part of the Junta or stuff like that, so everyone here will be against him and all the world will be against him due to all this, but as you can see everything is fake, and where do all this fake information come from? From the argentine media, pro kirchner journalists, pro kirchner bloggers, people that belong ''La Cámpora'', etc etc...Sorry for my grammar!

Hey Francis, don't waste  your time on her.  She is a woman and over the age of 21.  I hear there are some underage boys in a back room lighting candles.....

Francis the Pedophile!!!

Another Wolf (Pedophile) in a Sheep (Pope) clothing.

So you good Catholics think it's ok to protect pedophiles..mess with boys and abuse boys is code for intimidation to  "rape" those unwilling or scared...But, just forgive them and send them other positions in the Church...are you kidding me. In the civil world we send those people to prison..not give them desk jobs in the city.......

He is nothing but a corrupt man. I wonder how many people he kill in Angentina. I don't understand why people can't see how fake the Roman empire is. They have nothing of god, devilish sect. ..

Satan now has a helper ! Benedict and Francis!

Father Bergoglio can make amends as Pope Francis, no doubt about it and he must engage other states.You and your superstitions about religion and Gods are holding back back progress in this world. You and your kind are will be left on the wayside of life. This is a Darwinian world and only the intellectually strong survive. In the years to to come we will look back at how we could have ever let superstitious religion influence our politics. You do not have the intellectual capacity or courage to comprehend that there is no God. You and your kind are a murderous bunch of troglodytes destined to go the way of the Neanderthal.

That's got to be the creepiest old man I've ever seed.

Cristina Fernandez = #$%$

If he wants to help the poor, he will abolish the church's rule against contraception, a rule that flows from the church wanting lots and lots of Catholic babies.

Critique of photo : "Careful everybody will see our secret masonic handshake","Un huh, you have b l o od on your hands from the missing children.""I know,  but did you know I'm anti-pope jud en, I take orders from my masters the zionist jews.""Yes."Full sto ry onl ine. Todays Catholic World.

This is a very dangerous pope , with the vatican backing ,a junta military style past, woe onto thee!

This is a very dangerous pope , with the vatican backing ,a junta military style past, woe onto thee!

What people have to understand, both Catholic and non-Catholics is that Catholic priests hear the secret sacrimental confessions of Catholic murders, rapists, child molesters and these confessions are not revealed.  Sometimes also from non-Catholics. Also not revealed. That is the way it is and that is not going to change. This is not considered collaboration by the Church. Some people may think that it is.

The pope is simply the evolved Roman emperor of an empire no longer of conquering armies but of ideology/superstition. Its primary function is to provide well-compensated, comfortable positions/careers for those in the upper echelons of its imperial staff.

To summarized all this things only the media will win...for sure they got all the benefits that they wants.Francis was, is and always will be a stooge of the USA and EU Capitalist class and will be used first and foremost against Argentina and later against other Latin American countries.

6,000 journalist with the hugging pope. Yes, you did not have to come out and go out with entourage on your side and back, stomp your feet, scream and shout. Your presence is felt before you appear.

I thought the last "Pope" was creepy, but this guy takes the cake.

Most of the Church's so-called problems is caused by the most secular nation in the world, USA.  Why should all the Catholics be tarnished by USA's making...

God bless Pope Francis!  He ought to be not only Pope but also appointed King of our earth in the name our Father in Heaven!  I hope this man is able to influence people who practice birth control everywhere to give up this sinful practice and follow the old idiom of being fruitful and multiplying.  Maybe he could have enough influence to at least help enforce prayer in all public school and slowly do away with heathen secular systems. The Bible should be required reading for everyone, including heathens that preach so called "scientific" gospel.  Scientific inquiry is irrelevant by default as it is NOT approved by either God or the Church.  JESUS LIVES. God Bless.

"HEIL JUD EN " !Full sto ry onl ine. Todays Catholic World.

The new pope is a known leftist, how convenient…  Catholics are some of the most ignorant brain washed, useful idiots around.

For those who read the Bible, but hate the Church and call it evil: Who wrote the Bible and put the New testement together? That would be the Roman Catholic Church. So did God turn his Church evil after the counsil of Trent? Or maybe the Apostolic Authority and tradition that our Christian ancestors lived by for 4 hundred years before the Bible was written, may still hold some truth. The Bible is Catholic. Martin Luther sure as heck didn't pen Acts or Revelations. If Christ established his Church with Peter (The Church that wrote the Bible). Did he not give it authority and commision? Did he not predict that evil ones in his Church would attempt to destroy it, but would never prevail? When did Christ say, that when his Church got to full of corrupters or when the evil ones presence becomes to great in his Church, that it's OK to walk away and hate his Church?

ARGENTINA’S FORMER military dictator said he kept the country’s Catholichierarchy informed about his regime’s policy of “disappearing” politicalopponents, and that Catholic leaders offered advice on how to “manage” thepolicy.Jorge Videla said he had “many conversations” with Argentina’s primate, CardinalRaúl Francisco Primatesta, about his regime’s dirty war against left-wingactivists. He said there were also conversations with other leading bishops fromArgentina’s episcopal conference as well as with the country’s papal nuncio atthe time, Pio Laghi.“They advised us about the manner in which to deal with the situation,” saidVidela in a series of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 butpublished only on Sunday.He said that in certain cases church authorities offered their “good offices”and undertook to inform families looking for “disappeared” relatives to desistfrom their searches, but

Anyone else find it extremely hypocritical - and ridiculous - when Bergoglio talks about the church facing inequality and discrimination? Your church does the same thing to gay people! Also, they've always been top dogs and use every ounce of power and influence they have for their motives.i bet she gives a great #$%$...argentina's women are first and brazil a close second in the #$%$ category.  but i would rather have a brazilian women to make love too.

damn imagine if an American Cardinal was chosen as Pope? that would be Obama shaking the Pope's hand... chilling

as pope, he can't screw her, but he can bang her with that stick

I want to have a trio with Sarah Palin and Cristina Fernandez,

Hmmm. Nothing here about the Dirty Little War and his implication in the knowledge that thousands were being tortured and murdered.  Hmmm.  Just looking for the facts, m'am, just the facts.

Churches should be paying taxes, where do you think they came up with the $2.5 Billion they have paid out so far for Abuse. More to follow.

The new Pope is Peronist and God is Argentine.We can do anything, we are unpunishable.We will keep expropriating anything we want.

Critique of photo: "Heil Jud en ! "  " I need to wash my hands I have bl o od on them ! "

Look at that stupid outfit! When will people get a clue?

is this where they learn to not touch little boys?There is blood on his hands.  Death squads were his friends

New fresh band-aid on a big old wound.

Oh now he's a "politically savvy Pope," is this make up time by the press because the Vatican stamped it's little feet over the Dirty War articles that the Vatican didn't like?

Bergoglio is a dirty self-serving douche. He let other priests die to further his own career during the Military Juntas in Argentina....enjoy your new "pope" boys and girls.