hillary is just like her husband...will say/do anything to get votes...need i say more ????

A little late jumping on that band wagon Hillary. Please go quietly into retirement. You and your old man have done enough damage.

Morality has been pretty much banished from America.

She is looking for those votes in 2016.

Hillary is finally coming out of the closet her and  Napolitano?

She and the Dems would back cross-dressing ducks if it were a large enough voting block!

Does this surprise anyone?

My God, slowly we inch our way to another Sodom and Gomorrah....

There is one thing you will never catch a politician or tabloid rag writer with.Pride morals ethics principals or any other redeeming  trait's.

The Ultimate IDIOTIf more people put as much time into their own relationship as they spend worrying about others, their own lives might be richer and fuller as a result.  What two loving, consensual adults do together is really no concern.  My wife and I will still get along fine.

Now Yahoo just switched the photo with this "story"...the new photo is worse than the first one.The only thing I want to hear from this disgusting Democrat is the truth about Benghazi and why she stalled and lied.

Why "marriage"?.......Can't living together as" pardners" be just as loving?  Marriage is between a man and a woman........my view and I'm sticking to it!

She already approved giving Lewinsky's in the workplace.

The party of stupidity. They will do anything for the gay vote, but down deep they would not marry the same gender.  They just want to look hip, but just show their stupidity for stupid votes.

It's 3 AM... the phone rings and it's a crisis.... abad one, peoples lives are at stake.... and Hillary wants to know if you're gay and will support her with your vote.

When are these politcos going to stop playing to their devoted fans and do the right thing and set in place laws for domestic partners for gays, hetoros and others that don't want to adopt traditional marriage. If they are soo concerned about rights then do this and leave traditional marriage as we have known it for generations untouched. It is your choice how you live.

If Hilliary gets into the White House again God help us all!

Only if they let you marry animals also.

I would have been shocked if a lesbian did not support other homosexuals.two things, if she is my moral compass, pity me. and if she looks this dragged out what will she look like in four years and four years after that. just so much a person can take.  point, some people just don't know when to quit. in fact lots of people.

As a patriotic American, I believe in equal rights for all law-abiding citizens - not just for people exactly like me.

LMAO!!  She can't win her own party ......let alone the Whitehouse. Hahahaha. Sorry Hillabeast...........not gonna happen.

I wonder what she would be giving away free for votes? Hers and hers shoes,or his and his under pants or maybe free left handed cigaretts or maybe mexican hats. and dont forget fried chicken and water melons

If you look closely, you can still see the tire marks from when Obama through her under the bus.

I don't have any respect for what Hillary says after Benghazi...

Democrats = Party of the depraved and corrupt

ps-she really looks like she would support gay marriage.......

Note to Hillary: There's more to life than politics.

This "woman" will never be president of the USA, despite what kool-aid drinking progressives and the equally sick liberal media might hope.I will never compromise my principles for politics.  Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha

Who cares? What about the out of control Multi $Trillion debt, and the reluctance to reign in spending and holding the line on new taxes?

flip flop

Homosex is an abomination to god .poor hilary,sick lady.

Ughhh...she's the Dems poster child for gay marriage alright!She could scare a man away from 100 yards.

Hillary has been traveling around the World and hasn't been brought up to date on the whole shebang and still thinks "GAY" Marriage is like the one she has been involved in for +40 years. No! Marriage is not just for fun as it is very regulated by culture and society and is a serious thing..."--What difference does it make??" When was the last time you did a "lap" dance on old Bill....

now Hillary tell us about  Banzai

Of course she does, she knows all about the subject of sexual needs acceptance.

A wackadoodle liberal promoting immoral behavior is not news. SSDD

She and Bill were both very much against this. But of course this is not flip flop just evolving.X

If it's all about love you should be able to marry your pet so you can deduct their expenses on your tax returns.

Immoral and disgusting.

another dem that will say and promise anything to get elected pres

Maybe if we, the American people, want to be heard by our over-powerful government. Maybe we should start fighting back. I bet we could stop all this gay stuff if we started dropping politicians that are in favor of it. You would see a quick change then.

after bengazzi, I wouldn't vote for her if she ran against a rock!!!!

How exciting!  One of the vilest creatures on earth supports one of the vilest activities! No wonder why Bill Clinton wiped his #$%$ with her face.

She would support voodoo and black magic if it would get her elected. She is not who this country needs for president. Her and Bill need to get out of politics for good.........

Shut up you old bag.

watching this filth called the democratic party is like watching a dog lap up his own puke? one perversion after another with this evil called progressive liberals, The party of the dead is what they should be called.its not really supporting gay marriage over straight marriage. its just giving all people gay or straight the right to marry. for instance i think fat people getting married and having sex grosses me out. however, its none of my business. thats how people need to feel about any two people, yes, two people who want to get married. the religious right is against gays getting married, then dont attend a gay wedding.....

Dose this old,fat witch think we will forget Bengazi that fast. Don't hold your breath. We the American people will not forget what you and slick Willie are all about. You can fool some of the people some of the time but you can't fool all the people all the time.

That woman will say anything... if she does try for the nomination I hope issues such as Vince Foster, Travel Gate, White Water, Rose Law Firm billing records, Chinese Military Intelligence campaign donations, etc. etc. are raised. She is a cheat and a liar... makes Obama look like George Washington. Of course, to the true believers, none of those issues are important at all... and would most likely be ignored.

A gay supporting gay marriage. Why do they think this is news?

Who cares what she believes. She didnt protect our ambassadors when they needed it,so what makes anyone think she would care what the #$%$ think?

Better allow people to marry animals too. Can't allow discrimination, now can we?

Hillary will say ANYTHING to obtain votes.

The Beast of Benghazi is panning for potential votes.

If you think you need to be gay to support gay rights, does that mean white people could not have been against segregation in the 60's? Do you have to belong to a group of people to support their cause?

Bill hasn't touched her since Monica.Wow another flip flopper.  God which way is it.  A few years ago you and Billy boy were anti gay .......hmmmmm what has changed your mind.   Maybe an upcoming election so you can have there vote.Hypocritical politicians make me so disgusted and queasy I wish they were in line for what comes next.

This is News?

You know... nobody actually knows how many gays there are in this country. Toward that end, Hillarly and everybody else with political ambitions for 2016 is going to sanction whatever they want in the hopes of garnering votes for themselves. It no longer matters whether it is right or wrong... as long as it gets you votes, which is pretty damn specious and pitiful....

SHE HAS BEEN REFERED TO OF HAVING MULTIPLE SKILLSProbably bends and takes the rod, while slobbering on a split carpet.

PLEASE.... I thought we were done with her and her sleeze bag husband.

Birds of a feather fly together. If Obama jumps, so does Hilary Clinton. Total IDIOTS !!!!!!

These people know that gay marriage is wrong.  The reason they are for gay marriage is political.  Why can't they tell the truth?  Votes!  Money!  Pitiful way to think.

We have more Important things going on than the GAYS.

That is because she is one, who is she trying to kid.  She stuck by "her man" for political reasons only.  Bet she is a closet lesbian.

Would you marry this woman?  Either sex.  Question is the same.2 thousand years ago, Sodom and Gomorrah were only villages; now God will be looking at......states, and then countries if this continues.

Who else saw this coming?

well, whoopeee. another public service announcement for the gay community.  between hillary and the lady running for mayor of new york with her knickers in a knot over the st. patrick day's parade,  who cares?

Go Figure....See you ruined her Bill !

We need to do away with the party system. Why should a candidate support issues just because the party does????? Stand up for yourself and the American People and tell what YOU believe in not your party

Gay Pride! Rainbows, puppy dogs, and butterflies! ; )

I know this keep coming up but why are liberal women so DAAAMMMMMMMMMMMM  UGLY!!!!!

all of these comments are right on.  she is ugly, a total vote getter, will say anything, immoral...as her beloved husband mr. lewinsky is, and yes, bengazi will be be her downfall.  love the comment about napolitanto.

why wouldnt she, she is a dy1ke. President? aint happening after allowing and trying to cover up the murders in libya.

What a huge surprise...how can anyone think this is a story of interest?Before Hillary decides that she will win with the gay voters on her side she better consider how many non gay supporters she'll lose.There are a lot more christians believing people in this country than gays

She should say "What difference does it make?"

Slow day in the press?

Flip-Floppers or so called evolution?

SO WHO CARES WHAT SHE Likes, Dis-Likes or THINKS. She is a Do Nothing #$%$ Wife ....

When the Clintons think supporting traditional marriage will get them votes, they support it. When they think supporting gays gets them votes, they will support it. They have lied through their teeth all their public life. Neither Bill nor HIllary have no moral compass and think the ends justify the means. If America can't see through people like this, it deserves what it gets. Having a democracy takes work on the citizen's part.

Of course when the media, Hollywood and the elites who control our children's education are in full indoctrination mode and the people are too dumb to think for themselves, matrimonial sodomy is not just accepted, but darn it, DEMANDED by the great unwashed.

Many heteros are worried about "preserving the sanctity of marriage". With almost a 50% divorce rate, shouldn't it be labeled "preserving the sanctity of divorce"?

Whatever it takes to win even if its wrong.

Like the bigots of the '60s, the bigots of today will need to get over themselves.Arguments made by bigots against same-sex marriage today:1. It's unnatural2. It's perverted3. It's against the will of god4. It should be left to the states to decide5. It will lead to legalizing incest, pedophilia and sex with animals6. Everyone already has the exact same right to marry as everyone else, there's no need to change the law to give special rights to one minority groupArguments made by bigots against interracial marriage in the 60s:1. It's unnatural2. It's perverted3. It's against the will of god4. It should be left to the states to decide5. It will lead to legalizing incest, pedophilia and sex with animals6. Everyone already has the exact same right to marry as everyone else, there's no need to change the law to give special rights to one minority groupThere won't be a 2016 election. Nobama is going to issue an executive order nullifying the 22nd Amendment and declare himself King of America

she wants to divorce billy-bob and marry her girlfriend.

Really? Just helps strengthen what everybody always suspected about Hillary...

Lord help us!!!!!!!!

Dont worry about hillary running in 2016 owebama will have the U.S. in civil unrest before then.

This thing with "supposed" DEMOCRATS blocking offered elections in Libya and Syria is going top be interesting to explain in 2016.

Hillary is using Obama's exact same campaign to start her run for the first Lesbian President.

She would embrace anything that will get her elected look how she went after Obamma in the primary then went to work for him

I wonder if masturbation is considered to be homosexuality, also. Since, it is having sex with the same sex.

Why should the way people choose to have sex determine policies, campaign platforms and more in this country?obviously she a lesbo

Straight from the what does it matter lesbo queen! What a surprise!

im against gay marriage.

This is presented to us as if to say she agrees with this immoral act so we should too. Did she wake up this morning to discover that her relative or she herself is gay which makes it right?

Hold on to your freedom, beliefs, and money.

SO you follow the leader in this game of life . ? NOT ME did u not see part one of the BIBLE on the history channel ? and what did the rath of our LORD SHOW AND TEAH AND SAY TO US ALL ?

Hilary Clinton backing gay marriage?  That is as much news as saying that the new pope is Catholic.

Clinton needs to collecting votes.

40 thousand dollar enslavement to buy a truck is socialism brought on by TVA entities of America.

Satin is truely alive and well in the united states of america!!!Typical democrap-----I'm against it-----no, no I'm for it.  Wait-----what is the subject again?

Shutup Billory!!!!!!!!!!!!!

For the Bible thumpers... you do realize the reason that King James demanded an English version of the Bible is that he wanted a divorce. And, that the KJV is an edited version of an edited version?

stop Gayism. if you beleieve in it .... You ARE one of those #$%$gggs. Heck, why else would one waste their time and energy defending those stupid QU eers

Ok.... I'll say it.. screw love!..... I want to get married for the money.....

Arguments made by bigots against same-sex marriage today:1. It's unnatural2. It's perverted3. It's against the will of god4. It should be left to the states to decide5. It will lead to legalizing incest, pedophilia and sex with animals6. Everyone already has the exact same right to marry as everyone else, there's no need to change the law to give special rights to one minority groupArguments made by bigots against interracial marriage in the 60s:1. It's unnatural2. It's perverted3. It's against the will of god4. It should be left to the states to decide5. It will lead to legalizing incest, pedophilia and sex with animals6. Everyone already has the exact same right to marry as everyone else, there's no need to change the law to give special rights to one minority group------------------------The real history of the changing definition of “Marriage” in America:1691 Whites Only1724 Blacks with Permission of Slave Owners1769 The Wife is Property1899 No more Polygamous only Monogamous1900 Wife can own Property1967 Interracial Couples are Allowed to marry1975 Wife can have Credit in her Name1981 No longer does Husband own all Property1993 Marital Rape is no longer Legal"The Bible contains six admonishments to homosexuals and 362admonishments to heterosexuals.That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals. It's just thatthey need more supervision."

Hillary Clinton has always been gay. What else is new?

What a phony! Hiliary doesn't give two $I-It$ about anything other than what's good for Hiliary. Just like most of these politicians jumping on the 'gay marriage' bandwagon , their first concern is what's in it for them. Is there anybody  that has any respect for these people when they pull this #$%$? Rand Paul has it right, take away the tax bennies-take the word marriage right out of the tax code, and see how big of a deal it is then!

sad   sad     America

Maybe everyone should review what the term GOD means?? Why was there one and what the purpose of GOD was/is ? Why there is a BIBLE, TORAH, KORAN written LAWS and the purpose of them before paper and printing. Who were the first "Civilized" Tribe and their purpose to be governed by the first laws of GOD???Hey, I got a good #$%$ marriage #$%$ pair, Hillary (Butch) Clinton and Diane Feinstein.

Hill, you look like #$%$!!

Dial up is Satin's work, aka TVA is satin's work also.

Lets get politics out of the bedroom or wherever and concentrate on the state of the nation, not a state of a union.  Who cares who sleeps or marries who, or who thinks it is okay. if that is what you want to do and you can live with it.....have a nice day!  Just keep all this "stuff" out of the news media, off the front page, and out of politics and quit pushing your chosen life style in everyone's face!!!  We don't care that Obama or Hillary is okay with it,  that should not be in the news, and they are stupid to think we do care.  Go find something to do with your life!

It's all about power and being in control , I have a dream , that one day we will get a group of leaders that actually care about AMERICANS and not about how to add to their own ( how about that M L K )

get more respect Hillary talk or explain about what happen Benghazi

I still  don't know why it's anybodys' business who marries who as long as they pay their fair share of taxes, stay within the law, and don't make a nuisence of themselves. Live and let live!!

Who cares. She has damaged this country more than helped it. That is good she finally found the "missing billing records."

now if she would just come out of the closet and admit her marriage to bill was just a sham

This is nothing new and it should not be printed...why am I wasting my time writing a post on this article?  No to gay marriages---marriage is between a man and a woman period!Well! Whaddya know!!! After desperately reposting it, TWELVE TIMES, most in the last 100 minutes, they finally bothered to change the headline............I've seen these pathetically biased Yahoo'News' 'editors', do some STUPID things, but this one, really is up near the top........TWELVE TIMES!!

The donkey swishes. The donkey swishes. DEMOCRAT..Dlightful Men Of Crinkled Roffled Tutus. Ha, ha, ha ,ha, ha!

forgot the A in Democrat...Awful

another shot to destroy moral values this country was built on.  cant wait for the out come of all this gay right #$%$funny how n one says they voted yes for all this #$%$, but its still being pushedgo back in your closets and your own homes and do what you want to,  just stop billboarding it

Just have to wonder if the Secretary of State has a budget or can that person do like the boy in the Whites House does, spend and spend and spend because once out of the Presidency he might be in prison, it could happen.

Someone said Bill Clinton "flip flopped". Well, it's possible but consider DADT was "Supposed" to be a "protection". And, it would have been if used appropriately versus the "old way" of doing things. Therefore, he might have signed DOMA because of pressures from his advisers. He now states that it "Needs to be over turned".

Pathetic! Be a #$%$ and get special privilages and recognition. This world is lower than the dogs now.

the leaders of our country dont want to stand up for what is right !!!!! but they have learned how to get what they want by giving in to the devel !!!

Every single male  child molestor of young boys is a homosexual.how can clinton support child molestors and sleep at night?

Of course she does.....She probably is one!Another blood clot messin' up her ability to think.

Supporting gays is just another form of population control.

Look at her.I would be gay also.

The new Pope was elected just in time to fight the forces that are engulfing this country and world.

Jump on the band wagon......Like the rest, just another follower no leading from the front here..

See why Bill strayed are did he lol

Hillary is not qualified in any way to be president ! PERIOD !

BISEXUAL TRAITS..?

Did Bill grope any lgbt interns?

Guess the numbers came out in favor for her to have more followers if she caved in.  There is no such thing as standards or morals anymore.  Civil Union I can agree with, Marriage, Nope.There is no such thing as "Gay" marriage.  Marriage is between one man and one woman.  Anything else is an abomination.

Already starting your 2016 presidential campaign, Hillary?

So why are our politicians catering for the votes that will only drag the country further into the dump that is now known as third-world-countries?

No where in the Bible does it say it is o.k. for same sex to marry. God's rules have not changed.

How about something that's really newsworthy for a change yahskewd?  Like how the IMF and EU are robbing the bank accounts of the citizens of Cyprus. How convenient the banks are on a holiday now preventing the people from withdrawing their money and atms are conveniently out of cash. Don't think for one minute it couldn't happen here.

Hillary, Like your new look, smart looking younger.....

Did they take the poll in San Fransisco? I guarantee the town I live in would not poll that way. More disinformation...Why am I not supprised.

Why doesn't this lady get a hint that nobody wants her around and just leave?

You can"t get any lower than a lawyer or politician. ANYTHING goes for a vote.

how in the world does BILL wake up to this ugly CYBORG every day?Gads, I guess this means she'll be running in 2013.  Hasn't America had enough?

Hillary the cow appears to take advantage of photo shop to a high degree.........and by the way, this liar is not going to escape Benghazi..........

Why not? Bill would not touch you with a ten foot pole.

"That could be a problem for the GOP nominee if same-sex marriage becomes a prominent issue."  I guess this means that Republicans should base their beliefs on whatever is popular in the polls.  Perhaps four years from now group marriage will be all the rage.  Or inter-species marriage.  If the polls say it's good, how could anyone object?

Things have degenerated so much in the USA that to affirm what is immoral is now looked upon as loving.

Now, that Hilarious Clinton has come out and declared her backing gay marriageI better think over my sympathies again ?Whenever political shysters like the Clintons, Bushes and Obamas declare a conviction,I know deep inside that there can only be two reasons:- political pandering for votes- a financing oligarch for social or corporate engineering

I have never cared if your prefference was same sex. If you are male. Less compitition for me. If you are female. Plenty around that are hetrosexual. I'm just tired of it always being in my face :P

Ding Bat

Hillary is as phony as a $3 Bill, which is her husband's nickname.

Who on the planet did not know Hitlery was going to run for president?  That burnt out douche nozzle has first got to answer up for why she stood by and allowed four Americans to be murdered then tried to cover it up.  She already has the 47%, those ignorant slaves will vote for whom ever they are told to vote for as long as they continue to get their hand outs.  Hussein Obama has stolen all the thunder, homosexual marriage, undocumented democRATs, the teachers, the blacks, they have already voted for their hand outs, all Hitlery can do is promise they will continue.  Maybe she can blame Hussein Obama for all the problems we have, it seemed to work when that slug blamed GWB.  Now if the GOP were smart they would run Marco Rubio and Ben Carlson, that way they get the Hispanic and black votes.  In any case, do not let this low life douche anywhere near the WH again."My friends, we live in the greatest nation in the history of the world. I hope you'll join with me, as we change it."-- Hussein ObamaImpeach Hussein Obama now!Your fair share is not in my wallet!What does the truth matter - Hitlery.I believe Bill Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage Act which defines marriage as a union between one man and one woman in 1996. Can anyone say flip flop?

2016? That will be funny! I'd love to see her and Biden go at it!!!!!

Another democrap pandering to the homos for votes.  Their demographic: blacks who vote by race only, fradulent welfare recipients, illegal aliens, people who think that their perversion is a civil right, and all those brainwashed persons who offer support to this group.  Democrats have sunk to a new low, to contact a liberal democratic representative or senator, turn over a whale turd!!!

Shame on you Hillary.May God have mercy on the souls of you &amp; your followers.

Ho Hum...snore...who cares.

Hillary like her husband stuck her finger in to the wind to see which direction it was blowing.

This pig is lower than whale sheet..................dumb, dishonest and ugly....what a combo................ I say she is doing her cameljock assistant............

i support gay marriage...as long as it doesn't apply to any of my kids !!!!

And besides Bill likes movies where two hot chicks get it on. So Hillary has that going for her.

I don't care...tell me about BenghaziTo me if you support ..the gay's ..you are just has bad was they are..so hillary you go head a jump in bed with them...i do not watch any show's with gays in them,i do want to support them #$%$'it..

This is so-o-o stupid. Why does anyone deserve equal rights based only on their behavior? Can an adulterer start asking for equal rights? No, because they already have equal rights. The idea that homosexual behavior is a condition or characteristic of people who do not have equal rights, and are being discriminated against by our government, is a ruse.  It's also one more example of how a godless nation will continue to move farther away from the Truth.

And then there are those - You don't mind if they got Cancer or Aids.

In today's society people not only accept but legislate the right to sodomy, abortion, illegal aliens, voter fraud, excessive government spending, and disarming american citizens.  I will never understand why liberals think these things are OK.

I love that 10 years ago if you came outr for gay marriage you could kiss any chance in a national election goodbye. Now it is a benefit if you support the rights of gay people. I like that, it shows progress in the country

I really don't get it. This is news  I think not, its just another way for the liberal media to get out the liberals message.

Swallow, I mean Follow the Leader!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

GREAT NEWS!

Another one of our "rape the nation" politicians jumping on the bandwagon to get votes. I don't care if you are gay, I am just tired of hearing/reading about it.  It is another ploy to NOT get the real problems taken care of.  If politicians were really doing there job, this nation would be better off.  It is way past the time for a changing of the guard.

Well, all democracts are swinging like a paranoid party. What's wrong with the Dems? they are flip flopping a lot of issues which is not a priority gay marriage, illegal immigration instead of working on the economy or unemployment.She is reason enough for all men to go gay!!!

She is probably gay herself.  That could be why Bill needed Monica L.

Crawl back under the rock you originally emerged from..

Vile, nasty, and ignorant - where oh where are the educated, intelligent, well-spoken citizens?  What a lonesome landscape these Yahoo comments are - just such stupidity. No wonder our country is experiencing such joblessness - people are showing themselves to be too stupid for gainful employment or intelligent conversation.  Just throwing insults and epithets.

I wonder if any of those, whom those comments are addressed to, ever read them.  Are we just wasting our time or does Yahoo actually tell Hillary what people think of her?  Once a low life, always a low life, no matter how far you rise in politics.

All democrats should support the cause and turn gay or lesbian.  It won't take long and all of the country's problems will be gone.

You can call it what you want, like a legal agreement, God intended a marrage is between a man and woman, but don't call it a marrage. Do the politicians think they can override God's decision or do they think they are Gods?

It would be nice if the Clinton's would just go away.

One leagence under satin and the united states of america

Gay people wake up.  You are being used by the democratic party.  Nobody cares about your issues except you.  With all due respect, their is no need for you people to marry other than to upset the general population.  Fall back in line and re-define your situations.  Quite pushing your agendas, quite being so "gay" in public, go about your business like the rest of us normal people and you non-gay liberals, mind your own #@##$#@ business.She got more wrinkles than 4 day old t shrit

She is a bottom feeder, and as a group of females once told me a political whor&amp;.

These people are  career politicians, they will do anything to get elected, but remember the karma " Go around, Come around "

gays are the worst thing that humanity has stooped too, they are sick discusting perverted swines, that deviate from normality. they need to be rounded up and put into an assylum for treatment. any person that supports them are just closet case homosexuals that wont come out because they know its wrong. this gay train that is going on needs to end, we the normal people need to stand up in one clear voice, "we will take this pervesion of nature no more." they need to be locked up. that gay stuff is a choice and they choose to be deviants.

Frankly, I no longer care what Hillary thinks about gay marriage or anything else.  First, the evidence is mounting daily that she and the Prez were negligent in regard to security for the Benghazi consulate.  After the attack, she tried to imply that it had to do with a video, an implication that has been proven demonstrably false.  She also did all she could to avoid testifying about the attack in front of Congress, stalling for over 4 months.  Then, when she finally testified, she said that since the attack had happened so long ago (4 months), it really didn't matter.  She has no honor.  She is not to be trusted.

I say to each its own..but just don't try to integrate it into society just because it's what you prefer.

Anything to get votes. We have all been sold out.

Strange? When Bill was president both he and Hillary opposed gay marriage. If you a Democrat it's a change of heart. If your a Republican it's flip flopping.

Santa Fe officials say gay marriage is legal in N.M., advise clerks to issue licenses

This is the result of being intimate with Bill all these years.Not surprising that she would embrace social decline.  Sad, but not surprising.

One more reason not to vote for her.

Its amazing how america has been deceived into believing this lie.  The bigger picture is to use such lies and immoral agendas to silence biblical Christianity and deem it hate speech.  Man can try to silence God, but God's Word will not be silenced.  History is repeating itself and judgment is coming to a nation who rebelled against the one true God.

She is someone that understands just what it means to be a citizen of the United States of America.

I am going to wait for the home sex video to hit the internet. Who else would like to see this old prune doing the nasty with her companion.

united states turned from ................................................GOD

She had to turn gay.  She doesn't like cigars.

Live and let live

Hillary being a mother should be a shame.So she is perfectly good with, if her daugtherwould have married the same sex.Folks there is not a party out there worth voting for,do the best you can with your family,and fight like hellwhen some one comes in your space.

She swings both ways anyway.Just what America needs, after the clown leaves, America may get the Clinton #$%$!

well i guess that answers the rumor that was going around HILLARY a lesbo !!

Primmed and honed political pandering theater at the apex of hdr dynasty....  I am deeply embarrassed with the evolution of or species...

They sell their soul to be president both parties.

Of course she supports gay marriage..  No deviance and no dissent is tolerated from  the Bolshevik Party line.

Anything for a vote!

So Sen. Portman is not just a bad politician, but he's a bad parent.

maybe she is gay and keeps it in hiden maybe thats why rer husband had the affairs and in think the democrats are mostly gay  or all of them

hey hillary...remember when you campaigned about that 3am phone call....well..since you didn't anwser the one from libya....you just got 4 americans MURDERED.....campaign on that....

This Country can not go from one liar to another!!!How shocking...Not!

Hillary: "Like I always said, I supported it before I didn't support and will probably do so again in the future if that is how the majority feels."

Congratulations to Hill  for finally coming out.Her and Janet Napolitano are sending out invitations next week for their GAY MARRIAGE. Now we know why BILL was giving MOnica Lewinsky DNA samples.

I support gays ,but i don't support gay marriage as being accepted by god as gay activists say. I have gay friends and they all believe that  marriage in the eyes of god are between a man and women. My friends say that gay ACTIVISTS  should have respect for this .. They  say to read the bible about marriage being  between a man and women .

...Me too, me too.  If others were jumping off the Empire state building because it was PC, she would too.

Hilliary wishes she had married a woman that wouldn't have cheated on and embarassed her.  Bill wouldn't and doesn't care if his partner was/is female or male as long as the sex is regular.

She finally comes out and is looking for votes at the same time, either way she has been a disgrace to this country.

She would make a good president, but I do NOT agree with the whole gay lifestyle.I am a moderate Dem, but first I am a Bible fundamental Christian, and God condemns homosexuality (of which same-sex marriage is a part).

Storing up a lot o coal in the old bin for the eternal hot place.

Huma,Huma, Huma!well being a lesbian herself it was about time she came out.

What a hypocrite.

No wonder Bill had to get a BJ.

I am a democrat but I go with the Bible, marriage is between a man and a woman !

this b(i) tch is as worthless as her intern raping husband....I wonder if she would feel the same if her precious daughter Chelsea came out and said she was a lesbo...

Is this news, we already knew she supported gay marriage for years, now she is just saying it.

Does'nt matter, Homosexuality/Lesbianism, isn't supported by ANY law. Islamic Law, Mosaic Law, Christian Law. It is, most obviously, opposed to NATURAL LAW. (note to all same sexers) YOU CANNOT REPRODUCE! Therefore, you violate Natural Law, It does'nt matter who backs you or how many parades you have, you are a perversion of a Natural Law.

YOU ARE KIDDING WRIGHT

The IRRELEVANT WITCH. Lets have a vote right now and see if it's 58% for it.

Politically expedient flip-flop = check.In 1996 her and her husband voted for the sanktity of marriage between a man and woman,Its all about the votes not the morality

Can't the Liberal Left Wing Commie  people just go away.  I am sick of hearing about Bill and Hill.

This is what the world has come to folks. Bible told you it would happen.The Bible is 100% correct. In the end judgement.

What ever happened to one nation under God?  I can't think of one religion out there that supports this issue of gay marriage.  What's wrong with the current classification of "partners?"

I'm thinkin that Hillary and Janet Reno had a thing gone on back in the days of Bill and Monica. Oh I forgot Bill said he did not have sex with that woman.

i think hillary maybe gay  and thats why bill had the affairs or maybe most of the democrats are gay

Go hilary! She has always supported the gays.  She is merely more comfortable saying it now.

When are you going to wake up America? When are you going to draw a line and forcibly say enough is enough? Will it be when hollywood decides that pedophilia is normal? Will it be when some leftist lunatic decides that serial killing is normal? How much of this #$%$ are you going to tolerate having shoved down your throat before you can't take it anymore? So are the way things are done in this country now based upon what far left, morally bankrupt, valueless, atheist celebrities and hard left politicians and liberal media figures deem as normal and appropriate? This filth, this garbage, this absolute #$%$ the left is pushing will wreak totall and irreversible havoc, chaos and destruction upon America. Is ANYONE paying attention to what is going on, or is everyone more concerned with staying popular and in the "cool" crowd and who's left on dancing with the stars? If you oppose this garbage you need to stand up and without apology refute this insanity before it destroys us all. What, are you afraid your friends, family, co-workers, employer or someone else might not like you if you do? You'd rather let peer pressure and or popularity decide for you what you believe? That is exactly the tactic that is being used to advance this despicable agenda. Are you going to sit idle and silently by while this #$%$ infiltrates your country, your town, your place of employment, your children's school, your home???  WAAAAAAKE UP AMERICA!!! If you oppose this filth, STAND UP AND TAKE A VERY PUBLIC STAND AGAINST IT!!! YOU WILL QUICKLY FIND OUT THAT YOU ARE NOT ALONE!!!

sure she does..she wants their vote in 2016...see dems are pimps too!

This woman has no mind of her own. She is a "yes person" for all the good old boys in the democratic party.I don't care what she says. I will never vote for her.

Another Bush or another Clinton in the White House, ugh, is this really the best we can do.

I don't find this surprising, she done nothing nor did Congress when her old man had sex in OUR Oval Office. Better still he lied through it so who knows she is probably lying to just in hopes to get a vote. Hillary ride off into retirement with your sex crave husband.

hahahaha!...maybe she just found out since she has time at home now...that bill is doing more than just monica's....check bills twitter for barney franks.....besides liberals would jail their parents if it meant more votes.

#$%$ Kisser!!!!!!!

if she had said "i'm for stopping all wars and nuclear disarmament", she would be labeled a security threat and chased into retirement. ..but the wicked witch of the west belches out, "i'm for gay marriage", democrazies get vote-fever, start palpitating and t acting erotic!....what a cesspool!

She had this epiphany right after she ate Hansel &amp; Gretel.

if you're a person of peace,  against all violence and wars, chances are ,you would never be elected president of amerika. but, if you're for abortion, man marrying man, covert and overt wars, drone assassinations, you would be a prime candidate to be president of America. what does that tells you about amerikans?

Next it will be equal rights for pedophiles.

sillery should have had a gay husband.Good for her but, she does not matter anymore!

Like I said,the more influence they get,the stupider they get;they should have put Hillary's face on the bible series as the Devil character,Hillary,Satan is very proud of you and the demoncrats,you are so loyal to every evil deed you do.

She just lost my vote.

Homosexuallity is a sin.Homosexuallity is an abomination to God,which means,God hates homosexuallity.God hates sin but loves the sinner.Homosexuallity is an evil spirit not a race.America,you are forgetting your children.A homosexual is an evil spirit that will go after your sons and daughters.Remember Sodam and Gomarrah ? The men in those cities tried to rape the angels that visited Lot.They didn't make no deal with the homosexuals,though Lot tried to offer them his daughters which they didn't want.America,what is going on,what are you doing ? We all are accountable and will stand before God.You won"t be able to stand before God and say,"I thought it was Okay because President Obama said it is or Bill and Hillary Clinton said it is.That won't fly!Read your Bible see what it says,you don't have to take my word for it,read the Bible for yourself.Ain't no gays going into Heaven ! They do have an opportunity to be saved if they repent and accept Jesus death on the cross for their sins now while it's not too late.This life on earth is just a drop in the bucket when compared to Heaven's eternity.How could someone be such a fool when God is ready to give them the righteousness through His Son Jesus if they only repent and believe in Jesus?And if your faith is not where it should be ,READ YOUR BIBLE.(I suggest the King James Revised Version).Don't go to hell when you don't have too! Hell is real,believe it or not !.Jesus has already paid the price for you to get there ! Don't be no fool ! We are not living on this side forever.But if you are a christian,christians really don't die. The body dies ( which Jesus tried to get them to see is a sleep for christian but the real you will be in Heaven.To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.It's obvious,Obama,Bill and Hillary will do the wrong for the vote and some will do the wrong for the money.But it's your soul,eternity in Heaven or eternity in hell,which do you choose ? The choice is yours.Don't put yourself in hell for nobody,Obama,Bill or Hillary .

I thought she Died!    get a life retire on my money useless P.O.S just like yor husband and GO AWAY!

Hooyah! Equal Rights in my lifetime? Maybe!

Why is this nation so focused on gay drama when we have a national debt to fix. Gay rights are not going to fix our nations financial problems. And please, leave the kids (Boy scouts) out of your list of selfish needs. You can always  create your own wilderness group with your code of ethics and morals to fit your lifestyle (GSA).

HILLIRARY IS GAY

SHE IS GAY

And why not...she's been in a gay marriage for 38 years.I am a life ling Democrat. These types of issues, anyone remember when abortion was the hot topic, are conpletly irrelevant to REAL issues that are deeply hurting this country. Bad spending, do nothing poloticians and the cancer that is Lobbyist groups are taking a huge back seat to this issue. We need to stop and take inventory and say that these issues are not pressing we can "discuss" this later. We need to stop the corrupt super power that is lobbying and make it illegal and take that first step in recovering our pisition as #1 in the world instead of standing around and acting like everything is fine while we stand around talking about gay anything. This crosses the border of counter productive right into stupid. Republucans killed us on abortion abd they will kill us on this. So long white house. Welcome our Republican overlords for the next 16 years.

Instead of dickie doing with the gays, maybe you should fess up about Benghazi Hillary!

She's just assuming a wider stance......

hillery is not the problem. the problem is the people who would vote for this witch. that's what's destroying amerika from within!

To bad this old bag of #$%$ didnt die when she got her bloodclot.Just another IDIOT liberal helping destroy our morals and foudations.

politicians are climbing all over themselves to get on the aids gay bandwagon!!

omg that picture! bill clinton looks like #$%$ these days, huh?

Homophobia is the true evil, not gay marriage. Soon, like racism, homophobia will see its demise.

Surprise, surprise?

SHE IS THE BEST!  Remember the last time she was on Pennsylvania Avenue and you could eat out every night and buy things (besides gasoline and elecftricity for your house)???    They did that through what is called DIPLOMACY!  They threatened to drill for oil here and the Arabs kept supply high!  A SMART PAIR THE CLINTON'S!!And Republicans are waking up too to the notion!!!

Obummer has support for his feces pushing lifestyle.

I will not support gay marriages today or in the future.  Where are our church leaders with this topic?

Is this really suppose to be news? I mean come on. Name me one liberal cause that she is against. was it a slow news day? maybe she needs to get sick again so she can read about herself.

New name for her PAC "Anything for a  buck "

The grand plan is to win the White House in 2016, then stun the world by introducing her own First Lady, an original Oval Office moment for Hilary and ____________?!? (I am guessing Joy Behar).

What a joke

Self-serving Politician.........Hillary will say anything to get votes!

Is Chelsea gay, thats why Hillary is supporting the gay community like Portman?

OMG! All these lying Politicians  aren't for gays. They just want the votes. Whoever doesn't believe that is just plain STUPID!My fellow - Americans... picture Hillary Clinton scissoring with Janet Neopolitano....

She will Do or Say anything to be elected president. No Morals. Monkey See Monkey Do!!!!

Is this supposed to be a surprise? I guess she has to jump on the wagon before its too late. Now we will have her telling us that we are bad for not supporting gay marriage. The morals of this country have been flushed down the toilet!!!

give it up Hillary...yes it would be great to have a woman for President but not you and your warhawk ways...I will never forget til my dying day that last time you ran you said that if you were elected president we will attack Iran.

Ladies and Gentlemen.....The 'Clinton' closet is now open for business ! What's Monica have to say about this??

You cant even control your own husband. Maybe you should focus your attention there.

Hillary Rodham Clinton's embrace of gay marriage Monday signals she may be seriously weighing divorcing Bill and marrying Janet Reno.

These days anything that will get you votes is OK I guess

GOD never changes he destroyed cities full of gay people in the bible now the U.S is goin to have big problems because they turned from GOD to there own laws!!!

Hillary just go away!!  I don't care what you have to say just go to gay bar or something....   What happen with Benghazi?  Or it just go swept under the rug?Only makes sense. She's been living with a gay caballero for years.

If you can LICK'em join'em

Wow and this is news.  She's a Democrat.

I'm going to pray for them all. This is a mess.

In 2016 the thing will be older than John McCain was in 2008.  The liberals said he was too old.

She will win 2016 by a landslide. It will NOT even be close. Whining from the right will not change that. But believe what you want if that gets you through the day.

Isn't there a clause in the constitution called "full faith and credit" which requires states to honor contracts (including but not limited to "gay marriage"/civil unions) made in other states?Seriously. It's checkmate. The only people fighting against gay marriage are the same type of people who were fighting against integration in the 1950's and 1960's.Even w/o civil unions, "non-married" partners can find "work-arounds", such as a mutual Durable Power of Attorney/Medical Power of Attorney arrangement. Also, joint ownership-by-tenancy, specific designations of beneficiaries in wills, yadda yadda yadda.

No wonder Bill cheats.

Portman changed his mind when he found out his son was gay,  Hmmm!  maybe Hillary is trying to tell us something about Chelsea?

Hillary finally comes out of the closet.   Willy couldn't care less, he's got other options....Many other options.not supprised i rest my case

How many of these GAY people are there?? Will there be enough to make Clinton President????? My Goodness are there that many???  We straight people don't have a chance.Ronald Ragan  made a quota one time. " If we ever forget we are one nation under God, then we will be one nation gone UNDER..Boy was he right. That is where America is headed. No body listen to God's law any more . They think there is NO SIN. if it feels good its fine. That is the same about babies, if they aren't wanted just kill them. Abortion is murder.

Did a Sh-- job as Secretary of State what makes you think she will do a good job as President? Do I hear Republicans saying BENGAZI!!!!!!!!

o.0

There should be an amendmentto the US Constitution that forbids someone in the bloodline of a president from running for the office; until at least forty years after the last term of that relative. This is not a monarchy.Perhaps include those also through marriages to relatives of the president

She likes other women just a such as Bill. He obviously isn't getting it at home.

The picture of this story just proves another thing Rush was right about: Politics really is Hollywood for ugly people.

You can't buy a book on male sexual maturity for a young boy without encountering a chapter on gay is ok.  No wonder younger people are ok with that lifestyle, they have been indoctrinated.

Michelle Obama = First Lady  Hillary maybe President. The rest of the world will think of America as the place that all the ugly women live because if these two are the top what bust be the bottom.

Maybe she is GAY.Gave Bill a reson to go out and get h**** in the White houseI think it's about time someone else is standing up for gay marriage. Does it really matter who is supporting it.

Ah, here they come.  The majority of the minority of anti gay Hillary haters attempt to make their feelings heard.

the witch is counting on the gay votes, the illegals votes, the blacks votes, the Hollywood votes, the women votes,media's votes....looks like this witch will be riding her broom by the light of the silvery moon, again! a'int that  the  great satan for you and me?

I think Hillary may really be a man. So of course she supports gay marriage

And the homophobes flock to the story like moths to a flame.

Surprise Surprise Surprise! As gomer says!  What a surprise? NOT!!!!

What an ugly hag!

HILLARY CLINTON is GAY

", Clinton says gays and lesbians are "full and equal citizens and deserve the rights of citizenship.".............what kind of double-talk is that? all citizens have the same rights already! what is this witch brewing?

I guess Hillary has found a lesbian lover!I don't have anything against lesbians and gays to be together in the loving relationship, but to call it marriage is insult to most heterosexual families.There is an easy solution to this and I don't understand why these politicians are so stupidand do not have any backbone to clarify what marriage means to most of us.MARRIAGE is between a MAN and a WOMAN!GAYS and LESBIANS need to find a appropriate name for their union and we can livehappily ever after.Imagine what the Kootch smells like......

America voted evil Obama for president..,why not add evil Hillary to the list?

Nothing is sacred to this current crop of Dems.

She must have hit her head again.

Nice hearing from the moron majority

This is the next president of the united states Hillary you go girl I love ya

Great to hear that Hillary is considering a run for the White House. The Republicans have that lunatic Rand Paul as their up and coming star, for their bid for the White House. Run Hillary Run, you will be a shoe in.

Clearly, many of the people commenting on here would rather vote for a woman who more closely resembles their porn fantasy.  Mostly men...well we know where CPAC attendees hang out when they're not polishing their rifles hoping to catch a glimpse of Palin's rack.

IF FETUSES could vote, Hillary and the "pop culture," Democrat/ Socialists, would try to ban, Abortion Clinics!

I wish there would be an atheist president one day...I can only hope.phags should die

Let's hope she actually means what she says and isn't just doing the politically-expedient thing.  Still, if it gets DOMA repealed, then the means are justified!  I would be happy to attend the wedding(s) of any gay friends me and my husband have!

what is wrong with or country marriage is between a man and woman if you believe in the bible  all you have to do is read it if not you a atheist god does not lie in the bible it is plan a day read it

No, people.  Sarah will never be president.  Both Clintons  are more popular than Bush's ratings and the Republican congress combined.  But keep on drinking the conservative alternate reality koolaid.

i STILL ADMIRE THE WOMAN. PRETTY SMART GAL.

Yeah!  One more American ready to step up and end discrimination in U.S.A.

just a for a VOTE!! next she willtell us what we allready Know!?

she's butt-ugly.

WHAT YOU ARE IS WHAT YOU IS....................................................GAY

Homosexuality is frowned upon by the bible, but who cares, because the bible is toilet paper.Homosexuality is not unnatural.

Homosexuality is not a sin.

How could anyone sell your own soul and others for votes?

you wont ever be president and your new stand will help push you right out the door .at least your husband likes women .thats normal what you pose isnt and never should be allowed why do you dems .need to when votes so bad that you would forsake your morals gods law and mother nature for something that is real or sane,just a preverted lifestyle choose and nothing more.

How can she keep a straight face! I have more respect for the working girl then that butch !

what a pathetic looking humanoid; damn near as ugly as BHO

they are not God,s people and will be sent South not North, she will go with them

May as well throw out the kitchen sink as well Hillary, you surely threw out the Bible.

What is outrageous is how people react to the thought of there being an Atheist president. These Christians would cry about it, while intelligent people like me would say that its about damn time that we have a president that believes that science and secular morals come before religious lies and dogma.

Christianity and conservatism are both abominations-god p. Christ.Hillary is a good woman, too bad conservative christians represent the majority of yahoo.

People should stop supporting what's normal and smiled upon by society and start supporting what is the fair and just thing to do, and that is to be fair to all human beings. Even if it #$%$ off the christians, but hey, they don't matter anyway.

Conservatives are immoral!

Don't you love it when christians call other people immoral when they are constantly preaching against human rights

NO ONE CARES&gt; Isn't that what Clinton said when questioned. Didn't she yell "WHO CARES" when talking about the four dead Americans in Benghazi!!! No One Cares about you Clinton. And I will never vote for a liar like you Clinton. Go into retirement and fade away.

How does supporting gays make one gay though? Any decent moral person would also support gay marriage. This homophobia in yahoo is idiotic. Why do people like this still exist? I don't CARE what the bible says, stop believing that God hates gays you Westboro Baptist Church loving #$%$.

Death to conservatives. Death to Christians and death to all that oppose homosexuality or call it un natural. How can something be unnatural when it is seen all over nature and in the jungle? OF COURSE it is natural. Animals can be gay so therefore it is seen in nature and it is not a disorder.

This article's comments is living proof of how Christianity has brainwashed the masses. You know what's immoral? What is immoral, is denying the freedoms to human beings who happen to have "chosen" a lifestyle that wasn't even their choice. Nobody chooses to like the same gender. It isn't their choice. And even if it was, so what? How is gay marriage even an issue anymore? I don't get it. How can people actually think that it is immoral to be gay and love another person of your gender, but it is perfectly moral to deny the rights of other human beings. Idiotic conservative logic.

When Chelsea went off to college she called her mother to announce her status. "Hi mom!  It's great here!"  Hillybilly asked, "Are your living quarters ok?"  "Sure!", replied, Chelsea.  "Is the food good?" "Sure!", replied Chelsea.  "And do you have a roomate?"  "Yes", replied Chelsea. Then Hillbilly asked, "Are you daaaaating?"  "Yeah", replied Chelsea.  "And are you having sex?"Chelsea replied, "Not according to Daddy's definition!".

People are bashing Hillary for supporting equal rights? Stupid conservative idiots.