Another despot in the chain of command, insolating the mayor from blame. Politicians want the power but not the responsibility.!

Who is going to monitor the inspector general?

Huh?? What a terribly unfair thing to do to Muslums. We all know that most of the bombings in NYC have been caused by the Irish. (Or was it the Polish, French, Germans, Greeks, etc)How dare the police monitor them to keep the citizens safe.

They can bust someone for selling a 20oz soda in NYC but can't stop and frisk a dirtbag?

She needs the black vote to win as mayor, she doesn't care if the murder rate rises to the 2000+ level like it was before Giuliani.  She only cares about the politics so she can become mayor.

I would be outraged by the gangs shooting each other and nothing is said about that.

more taxes needed for the new bureocratic position. An unnessary position .a police person to police the police. I guess they gave up on the soda police position and just have to spend money foolishly. what happened to the Internal Affairs Dept of the Police?

Muslims will just have to accept the fact that Americans don't trust them, since so many terrorist groups seem to align themselves with their beliefs. If you don't like it, get tough and toss out the members that enjoy killing.

Trotting this horse out every chance they get.

I would lock them all up like we did the japs after pearl harbor.There is no free society in a police state!

So the city officials can't keep tabs on the Muslims they suspect in New York but they can ban 32ounce sodas and try to hide tobacco products from the public eye.....What a bunch of idiots.....

Half pint Bloomberg is a blooming idiot.  The next catastrophe is on Bloomberg.

Boy thats going to fix it pass another law hire another goverment employee.

"The developments come amid a federal trial over the department's use of stop and frisk, and they follow a series of stories by The Associated Press that revealed how city police systematically listened in on sermons, hung out at cafes and other public places, infiltrated colleges and photographed people as part of a broad effort to prevent terrorist attacks." So, the NYPD does what the Fed under Obama refuses to do and now it's guilty before the facts simply by virtue of our old friend LIBERAL BIAS IN THE MEDIA.

Just when you think it couldn't get worse then Comrade Bloomberg, this woman comes along.

I dont mind spying on muslims. Think its necessary. As for frisking, if you have nothing to hide, what's the big deal? Its those who break the law who are so outraged... Not the person who lives legally.

Did that #$%$ mention that she's gay???  It seems to be her only claim to fame, and her 15 minutes are about over.

Is NY working on a new plan to decrease tourism and new businesses ?Come to FL instead; the low taxes will astound you.

She is the reason, some men date men.Christine Quinn is only fooling herself if she claims profiling is not right.  She herself profiles and if she says she doesn't, she's a liar.  It is a human trait and everyone uses it to access people they meet, wish to date or marry, become friends with or not or want to employ or be employed or in her case are they lesbians or not.  The eliminating of the  stop and frisk policy will increase the amount of crime in these neighborhoods and the same people will be complaining about that.

Quinn is one UGLY Chick

I wonder why Yahoo is using the photo of the lesbian - Quinn - for this pseudo-article ?  I also wonder why Yahoo is still posing as a journalistic medium despite their propaganda ?

New York, city and state sucks.  They have a billionaire dumb #$%$ mayor, and also a dumb #$%$ governor.  Looks like everybody in office in New York is a dumb #$%$.

"creating a new watchdog " code for a new fall guy to blame.

Better keep an eye on those Muslims....they sure as heck have their eyes on you and yours....you infidels!!!!

What a bunch of two faced liars. Install an inspector general but defend the tactics as legal?Hypocrites!

Liberal Big Brothers

Raymond W. Kelly looks like a whipped puppy , but most figure headsin appointed positions like his have no back bone anyway......... :)

Liberals trying to stop all prevention of attacks on America by stopping spying on muslims..Muslims hate Americans , that will never change and all this politically correct BS is going to get all of us killed one of these days...And in this photo she demonstrates the proper technique to honk a hooter!

NYC had better not stop spying on these damned Musliums. Some of these people are traitors and terrorists to America and the politicians just let them keep flowing into America and that is criminal.

Check them all if they think they need to, look how quickly we forget. Better safe than have two giant buildings fall down again.

In a couple of years, NYC will have the same problems it had pre- Rudy Giuliani.  Rampant crime and the new problem which came to the city in 1993, terrorism.  And the liberals running the city and state will wonder why.  But they will have their IG overlord.

Racial profiling is the only way to protect against crime and terrorism! Liberal political correctness is stupidity at its best!

The inspector general will assuredly be liberal who hates law abiding citizens unless they are gay or a minority.

i'm so sick of hearing the blacks complain about the killing, break in, car jackings and all the other crime in there communities.  the police are doing their jobs, if now and then someone think they are being racially profiled,  SO FK'IN WHAT!...............GET REAL.

When the murder rate goes through the roof where will the blame be placed?  Not on liberals, after all they mean well.

Somebody needs to keep an eye on those Muslim so they don't spread their #$%$ like another race has done.  Stop and frisk is a must.

Aren't Muslims supposed to burn our flag or better yet pour gas on themself &amp; set a blaze ?I wanna see some serious protesting you wimpy sign slingers. . I'm feeling frisky myself.The police force that has saved these liberal and socialist idiots from terrorists time and again since 9/11 now needs to be stopped from frisking the folks who are always at the bottom of terrorism. Hey, HERE'S an idea; let's mess with the angry white Protestants or the military, like the Presidents bulldog Incompetano Napolitano.

The police have data bases with all known gang bangers and parolees. Those data bases should contain photographs. Maybe the police need to have that information available to them while on patrol, then they could stop those who's names and faces appear on the list. That alone would slow the crime rate.Now, let's do a 1984 thing and just implant a GPS chip in all known gangbangers and criminals. That could then be carried over to all the citizens so that the police would know exactly who was wanted, for what. Hey, then we'd be able to control where everyone went and arrest them for being in areas they don't belong. That idea, by the way, came from a book entitled "This Perfect Day".

She looks like a drama queen ......Good luck .

BRING BACK RUDY!SSDD

putting a fox in the hen house

Oh this going to work....someone else to 'moniter' and get paid with astaff that gets paid, blah, blah, blah. Well, I think it's just another'Stall and a two-step, two bits'.

Politicians of NYC are stupid.  Who took the WTC down.  Muslims.  Who are the primary plane bombers? Muslims.  Who are the one who preaches killing Americans?  Muslims.  Radical Muslims, granted; but still Muslims.  This country is heading for a big downfall, and no one seems to care.

I think this is great! Perhaps the Muslim Brotherhood will devise a plan to engage in ground warfare, " you know blow up a few people." All in all, we have an ignorant group of liberals who are willing to sacrifice American lives for political correctness! My how our government has changed its policies. It's not enough the government has released illegal aliens into our cities, but has reprimanded its agents for detaining illegals. Disgusting, despicable, ludicrous, and un American!

why keep programs that have been successful

ALL muslims should be investigated as well as high-crime related groups.  This should reduce crimes against the rest of us.Now the guy who drought that "stop and frisk" tactic to New york is working in Oakland CA, trying to implement the same tactics and Oakland is already under a Federal judges authority for law suits brought on by corrupt police call the riders in 2006 or there abouts they had to release thousands of drug dealers, robbers, murderers, etc and pay tens of millions of dollars because the cops were putting drugs on suspects threatening people and all kinds of crazy stuff, now the can look forward to millions more in lawsuits for stop and frisk tactics and that Fed judge taking over their police department.

Why don't they just name Christine Quinn Chief of Police and let her run the department the way she wants.

Christine, what would you do for twenty dollars?

Until they get it the way they want it 100% of the time the far left and the black community will never be satisfied. Now they will want someone to monitor what the Inspector General does when it doesn't go their way !!

Soon the NYPD will learn from thier rural brothers. Just grab your mutt from home or if in a hurry swing by the pound. If the dog stares off in space or licks it's nuts, the cop can say" dog alert" Most cops are honest and don't abuse this but many will use this tactic for auto search warrant. I have heard cops brag" who needs a judge" Thank god that judges are starting to at least request certification of dog training sometimes? But by then, your weapons have been confiscated and divied up by cops and lost in clerical red tape, never to be seen again.

PURE LIBERAL #$%$ ! I rest my case ,a free for all indeed ,talk about crime ? talk about stupidity? NEW YORK  ? bend over ,we are watching and we are laughing our #$%$ off ,.p#$%$ more gun laws too ,so more innocent people can die without being able to defend themselves ,OH THE BIG APPLE leader in crime, ignorance and stupidity

More fatuous liberal horse puckey, designed by Bloomberg&amp;Co. to make it more difficult for the police to enforce the law. Will somebody tell these idiots that Muslim radicals are the most likely terrorists and deserve enhanced surveillance. The 9/11 attacks happened BECAUSE our law-enrorcement community was required to "play nice" with committed terrorists who for the most part were in the country illegally in the first place!

The only way to stop thugs out of control is with cops out of control.Kick out the chocks and let her bleed.

Let the terrorist's blow something else up in New York and see if they still feel that way !!! Has it been so long they have forgot ?  They should be ashamed of themselves to even consider overturning this law ....

ok? a islamic mosque on the 9/11 site, wide open southern border, allowing millions! from many foreign countries, where they DO NOT like americans, to vote for obama with no ID required, thanx to holder an the obama club. the muslim brotherhood has run amok across the mid east, after obama an hillary made the legal, after 40 yrs. was there a reason murdurous political groups were outlawed? by many countries? ask any christian in egypt. the rebels are al queda solders, on your tax dollars. WOW! later all!New York, Mass. California, Connecticut, and Hawaii. The NEW Communist Communities!!

I see how this works!!!! Every(certain kind) one &amp; her brother gets on the Police force, and the other half pays for it! WOW! WHATS THE PROB!!!! Good deal all around!

Yes, but what about sodas? Is the new inspector going to finally stop some people from selling some types of soda?!!?!

Yep, more policing the police until the next terrorist attack. Then everyone will once again throw up their arms in outrage on how authorities could let this happen. It's all cyclical.

Alright! Finally! NYC is doing something to slap their closest competitore in the face! Take that Chicago, We will not let you be #1 in murders! We aint goin to stop nobody based on race,creed or color. Dont pay any attention to who is locked up for these crimes, just do the PC thing. And by the way, dont drink a big gulp while smoking. That might make you a lifer.

The reason they'll give on why they're stopping and searching, because we're the cops and we can do whatever we want because it's our city.  Think I'm wrong?  Nope, that's every cops mind state.   They take pride in having the biggest gang in America.

And WHO will be watching the "watchers"?

why have a police force in new york if you are going to tie their hands &amp; not let them do the job you hired them for &amp; that is to protect &amp; serve the constitution , the city &amp; the people. every officer up there should tell bloomberg to shove it &amp; walk off the job til he wakes up &amp; get some sence.

Let's see....First attack on WTC, in late 90's = extreme Muslim movement/jihad....Second attack, and ultimate demise of the WTC, as well as the death of THOUSANDS of AMERICANS = extreme Muslim movement/jihad....Capture, torture and beheading of American journalist, an innocent, harmless man, video taped and aired on Jihad TV = extreme Muslim movement....huh....yeah, it's "unfair" and unreasonable for American's to be suspicious of all Muslims...they're right, leave them alone, let them quietly go about their business, so they can plan the next big event = Muslim movement/jihad!!!! Let's face it...if your want to be a Muslim AMERICAN, they've got to modernize their role here in the States!!! Our country is founded on a melting pot of cultures and traditions, but like my parents did, and theirs too, they adapted their traditions in order to live more homoniously with the American society's culture, they ALL had to do it, coming over here from Ellis Island, etc....so it's the Muslims turn NOW...soften it up a bit, or live under the eye of suspicion!!! OR GET OUT!!!

Vote for the Gaybo! That will go along with everything else the previous nut has put in. NY, stay in NY!!!!National Socialist beta test. How's it going? First roadblocks, the airport, now pedestrians, next your house. I have little sympathy for people who choose to live in 2013 East Germany, however the demons will see this violation of #4 being upheld as a precedent to do this when and wherever they want. It affects EVERYONE in inside the United Satanic Agenda.

Won't work, just won't provide the desired results. That was half heartedly tried here for parallel reasons. The appointed person was so badly hamstrung that he quit after six months on the job.  Big joke but I guess a nice way to earn what mabe a 6 figure annual income.

I'm sure he is a red square gun grabber.

".....and the police department said it gets plenty of oversight already.....".Hmmmn, Did they actually say that now?Why I'm shocked (and awed!!) that this would be their response, considering how they find these practices to be so wrong, that they actually went to the trouble of investigating this practice themselves.????The truth is that unconstitutional invasions (such as unreasonable searches &amp; seizures &amp; spying), have become such a part of their UNAMERICAN method of operation, that they could say nothing else but that.Well they might have said "we really want you to come &amp; muck about &amp; spoil our fun, &amp; get us in alot of trouble for stuff we SHOULD NEVER have been doing in the 1st place, but we have Bluminidiot as mayor on our side &amp; he won't let you do that anyways (he's got too much money to allow you to go around being a do gooder).

Gee it is racial profiling, well no kidding. And what is wrong with that? 80-90% of the criminal felons coming into contact with the police are the minorities so? You want them stopping whites who pose little problem or the blacks doing the crime. Get real. Profiling is simply targeting the suspects that are committing the crime. They don't want to hear it but it is the truth. Why are the majority of the prisoners in prisons minorities? Because that is who is committing the majority of the crime.

It's only to deflect from the public unrest.  It's going to be business as usual with the incompetent NYPD.  The internal wokings is the NYPD are very similar to organized crime.  The average person doesn't have a clue.

911 was a part of isl and mos tak good car of  US fredum of religon

If we're going to reduce the federal budget....let's close the Fed Branch in NYC....then cut all the federal funds going to NYC...