I sincerely doubt that any evidence is more harmful to Holmes defense than discovering him in the parking lot armed to the teeth. Oh, and several hundred eye witnesses might carry some weight, too. Of course, the explosives in his apartment and the notes he wrote are circumstantial.

Lawyers are real #$%$ sometimes.

Tell the defense to take the note book and use it for toilet paper.  I think the prosecutors have plenty of evidence without it. If they don't, they need to find another line of work.

i thought news people where proected under law for reporting news just as long as it is not yellow journalism .

....Once you take away freedom of the press this country is in the toilet.!

She did an illegal act in Colorado by publishing the information after the judge had issued a gag order.  Her rights as a journalist do not supersede the judges ruling.

My sympathy is with the journalist in this case. Nobody is denying that Mr. Holms sent a notebook/journal to a psychiatrist detailing what he planned to do ahead of time.This sort of thing is important information and considering the consequences, it's information which should have been acted on BEFORE this guy went on his rampage.

There are more than enough witnesses to this case , Just fry the FKer and save the taxpayers MILLIONS !!!!!

Could it be her sources were "Madeit" and "Up."

If the notebook proves this psycho planned the shootings, use it.  If the reporter refuses to reveal the source and this #$%$ up proof of guilt, (or a proof of innocence,) jail her."...The story was reported after the judge issued a gag order in the case...".this isn't a case of protecting sources ... this idiot from Fox simply told the judge to go pound sand and issued her story AGAINST THE GAG ORDER.seems to me that one needs only a calendar to determine this case ... gag order issued on one day ... story published on another ... simple

Journalists are a protected bunch of lairs. They make up stories and protected sources of information just to get headlines when in fact they have no sources but make up the story.The court should require them to prove the source of information just like anyone else would have to do.

Whenever you do something such as jeopardizing the rights of someone to have a fair trial, you are fair game to the court. She could be held in contempt and locked up until she releases that information.

god lord, that murderous swine will die of old age before hes tried and convicted, and hopefully executed!!!

Fox News journalist hiding behind a nanny- state lawyer in defiance of a Colorado judge, thereby holding up the trial of a mass murderer. If that fails she can always call in the ACLU.Best liberal media conspiracy ever!Hate to repeat myself, but I forgot that on yoohoo you have to label SARCASM.Give me all the thumbs-down(s) you want, but please don't call me a right winger anymore. It dulls my aura.

I 'luv' the way the LYING, LIBERAL, ELITIST, SEWAGE of the media claim they are deserving of special treatment.These are the same worthless pieces of #$%$ that HAVE NO USE for the individual right of freedom of speech, but are the first to hide behind their First Amendent Rights to speculate, embellish, and fabricate the 'facts' to sensationalize the 'story'.

What is it with these judges? Like they actually think they are all that.

The judge had to issue a gag order,  BECAUSE  Obama, and DHS were behind BOTH  Aurora Cinema, and Sandy Hook,  and the facts were starting to slip out.IMPEACH obama, and prosecute him for TREASON!!

Based on the judge's thinking, are we not all violating his gag order by talking about the case now.....regardless of where we live? hmmmmm.

Why are we even wasting the court's time for all this garbage.  There is NO REASON IN THE WORLD to have any court proceeding in mass murder incidents like this to last any longer than an hour, in order to determine the time and date of execution.  THERE IS NO DOUBT THAT THIS PERSON DID THE KILLINGS, so why waste court time.  Here is an excellent example of what's wrong with our justice system.Our country would have less news if a journalist is not permitted to protect the confidentiality of their source.

Have that irresponsible reporter show up in Colorado and take her turn at the whipping post! I just do not understand this propensity for news reporters to "hide" behind a so called journalistic priviledge in order to not come forward with evidence which may be pertinent to this trial or any trial.Oh wait.............the longer FOX drags this out...........the more headlines they'll get! Yeah! Thats it!! Thats gotta be it!

What a joke this has become.  Just setence him already!!!

Seems to me that Holmes family has enough money to get him off of this crime!  Should the power of money be the issue in such a closed-end case?  You can do anything you want to do if you have enough $$$?  Are we not tired of this inequality yet?

Hmmm this could really intesting now with a sly Fox reporter involved. If she made it all up it will get squashed in a hurry but if not, where did she get it and how.We know he's guilty but did his Doc go into cover up mode and the reporter sniffed it out??OO sorry went into Castle midset and adding more drama to a dull story so far.

I looked at it as potentially another government conspiracy. Their proof as to why Americans shouldn't have the right to bear arms. The man was probably under some mind control. F*ing government.

How do ya know she didn't make it up?  That one of those problems with "unnamed sources".  There does, in some rare instances,  comeback time to name that source.  Doesn't mean source has to be made public.

Fox News journalist hiding behind a Liberal, nanny-state lawyer in defiance of a Colorado Judge, thereby holding up the trial of a mass murderer. If that doesn't work she can always call the ACLU for help.Best Liberal Conspiracy ever!

Why would they want her to testify? She works for faux news, so you know it's just made up anyway. LOL

Hey lieral ado/califor arado=====impeach ur current brain ded gov.==elect john cooke the sheriff with common sense /nutz and gutzHolmes had a right to 'bear arms'...he didn't become a criminal until he committed a crime.  So?  What does this tell you about the huge number of people executing their inaliable rights?