I assume you can't just illegally leave the country.

More difficult than it sounds. China does not have the open borders that the US does. Also, because of his knowledge, you can bet that they have him under 24 hour surveillance. They record every fart and belch he makes.

Why oh Why..travel to these countries that do not care about justice or public opinion in the first place!! Just like the retired FBI man who traveled to Iran and has never been heard from, it makes absolutely no sense to take that risk!

After I got out of the military I never wanted to leave U.S. soil again. This story and others are reinforcing that decision.

Sounds like China simply wants him and his talents to stay and work for them and china doesn't care if it is fair to force him to stay. It is bogus. With a little luck it will help keep other talented people from setting foot on any Chinese properties. If their selfish actions hurt them bad enough on other fronts then maybe they will reconsider,or be choked down in biz. It is up to the free citizen talent in the world I suppose.

I think there's more to the story - something fishy here

I wonder if our embassy in Beijing is doing antything to guy our guy back.

Opportunity in other countries is a risk.

If he is free to roam why  doesnt he just roam over the border and escape

Hu's vindictive business rival obviously has really strong connections with some CPC party members. If this was standard protocol, no US company would do business in the PRC for fear of being locked up just because someone filed a patent suit which happens constantly.

I guess the U S is the only country if you are not a citizen, you do not have to follow our laws and rules, note,    Illegal Immigration !!!!   people need to understand other countries are not so forgiving as the U S, they lock you up and throw the key away.  I wish this family all the luck getting him backSounds like a one sided story. All businessese want to get an edge on rivals. The truth will come out.

I am quite sure there's more to this than meets the eye.

He got himself into this in the first place by going into China, he should be smart enough to get himself out. It said "Communist China" get it. He was wanted more money, greed got the best of him. At least he's chinese and he's in china so it's not bad and he's not in prison. It would be worse if you didn't have a job and don't speak the language. Count your blessings.

It's a terrible thing when a family is torn a part, and children have to suffer from missing someone they love. I also think there's something more to the story, not just about Dr. Hu, but of the described conditions in this family. "When not studying, she's taken up drama, horseback riding and martial arts." Horseback riding and the Sky diving are not really inexpensive hobbies. It puts all the information we receive in an interesting position considering their house has no heating and the roof is leaking...

Lesson?

The missing link to this story is money?

"China is really indifferent to public opinion."  It seems that the same can be said for the U.S. State Department.

I've lived and worked in Shanghai for the last 13 years... Long enough to know:Nobody gets rich in China without doing something illegal. Nobody. Further, the State Department would have been all over this if the guy was innocent. He got caught and, because of his American citizenship, he has controlled freedom but can't leave.

Patent Infringement...in CHINA? Oh, come on now. Like that's a CRIME in China?

I remember the days when news articles contained only news.  Those were good days.He went back to China twice? One time when he knew the police wanted him? He may have a degree, but he does not have much intelligence.

Maybe he is paying the Chinese government to keep him there in China but in a way that lets him save face with his American family while he has already got his  young Chinese concubine knocked up and he gets many cheap massages out on the town every night, all with happy endings. Why would you want to leave that? Kids are great and it's hard to leave them no doubt about it, but the way he has it figured you can always make more, and he is.

I'm kind of impressed though with the Chinese security situation that he is not even under arrest but he still cannot escape the country while we have drug smugglers and even women 8 months and 29 days pregnant coming and going across our border as they please without so much as a by your leave.Now I'm not one usually to suggest outsourcing our jobs but maybe in this case we should consider hiring some Chinese for border security?

I feel for this family, I hope one day they will let him go!

To Vistoria:By learning from the media,  I suppose you must hate China very much for many years,  hate the country that your parents were born and raised.  I would like to talk to you as I'm a Chinese of your father's age:(1) Please ask your parent,  who paid for their Univ study in China?  The answer is Chinese government.  Did CHinese government ever asked them to pay back?  No.  They were free to chase their American dream.  But do you know that they alwasy have a China dream in their mind.  Yes,  China,  their beloved country.  Your father tried hard to make his China dream.(2) Do you know who suit your father?  It wasn't mentioned here in this article.  It all sounds like a human right issue by Chinese government.  I can tell you that European companies controls 90% of the catalyst busniess in the world,  as well as China.  Your father wanted to set up a catalyst business in China but he touched somebody else's cheese.(3) Americans are crying that there is no inellectual property protection in China.  How about this case?  I trust that your father is capable to compete with those Europeans but he was trapped in a dirty trick widely used by western business rivals - law suit.  It will wear you down by time, especially for small business. I hope your father will be all right.(4) Did those American congress men say anything about your father's case?  They all now respect Chinese law on this case because your father's rival is European.

Cut all financial dealings with the company of the accuser and anyone that deals with that company. State that until this is setteled and their family is compensated in the amount equal to fifty percent what the other company has earned over this entire time frame no dealings will proceed, that should get the ball rolling.

something missing in this story !

Pioneering work in catalytic converters as late as 1992 ?  The catalytic converter was already on cars for 20 years by then.  He should have known better than to return to China. After both he and his wife get advanced degrees at the cost of Chinese gov't , they leave the country and take their free education with them.  Now the Chinese Gov't wants to even the score a little ............ perfectly uderstandable ............ should have had enough sense to stay out of China rather than go there and try to make a buck off of the people that educated him.

returning to China was kinda stupid to begin with... what did they expect?

Big chunka something missing from this sanitized report.Something tells me there is much more to this story, and probably not in daddy's favor

Good Luck! Chinese state authority rarely care about much. Once again, how can one expect from a totalitarian government?

"A business rival...""Chinese court approved prosecutors' request to withdraw the case against Hu because of a lack of evidence.""as soon as the criminal case was dropped his accuser had filed a patent infringement lawsuit. The government wouldn't let him depart until that was resolved."Meaning, someone that has political connections that wanted to coerce him, which as one reads into the story it is finally revealed this is most likely the truth."He said he believes he is being pressured to make a financial settlement with his well-connected business rival"Of course our State Department does nothing, which is about par for the course, they say you must abide by the laws of the country, which interesting they should include the unwritten "law" of "custom", because that is what has really happened here.Dr. Hu is guilty, in his rivals eyes, of violating customs and interesting the business world there with out the proper "connections" (bribes and paybacks)Which of course makes this very Hypocritical of the State Department, is if Dr. Hu had taken part of the norm "bribery and paybacks" in that culture they would have prosecuted him under unfair trade acts.Additionally the Chinese are loosing many of their brightest people that go abroad for education, as they can achieve so much more elsewhere, so now instead of stealing our corporate secrets they have found away "legal" way to perform kidnapping for intellectual gain.My suggestion for him would be to find who are the rivals of the people behind his detention, work with them for the express purpose of destroying the other party. He would have the technical skill and they would have connections along knowledge of the inner working of the Chinese system, his rivals probably wouldn't stand a chance.

'ya know,we've (The U.S.) only been practising corruption for around 240 years or so while the rest of the world especially the mid and far east have been honing their formidable skills at government and business illegalities for at least a thousand years.  Heck we even have laws  holding back own business people's actions in foreign countries.We've got a corruption expertise gap that must be closed if we're to compete on the world stage in the future!

Dudes mistake was returning after the police had questioned him. He should have stayed put in sunny Cali!

Looks like another mission for super diplomat Dennis Rodman.

"RANCHO PALOS VERDES, Calif. (AP) — She was just 16, a shy girl whose life revolved around school and homework, when the phone call came that would change her life."------------------when did journalism turn into dramatic writing?Who, what, when ,where,how.  -Journalism 101Just state the facts, write the story and dont embellish it with emotion.

Millions of Mexicans can sneak across the border &amp; 1 Chinese guy can't ?

I don't understand why the government and his rival wouldn't just let him go so he'd lose his case in absentia. Plus, since when did China respect copyright, patent, or trademark laws?

Dear China, please release this person from your country so this family can be of one. Your failure will show us in america that family means nothing to you and your country has no morals in life of those who live. I am just telling you of this in a common sence thery of what i hope you are not a family hater. I do believe the United States can stop all trades with your country on a dime of what would definitly be not good for your country. I would also ask the United Nations that you be barred from trading if you wish to imprison people who do buisness in your country till that kind of practice is stoped. So in good faith I ask you to get him on a plane home within the next few hours to show that you respect those who do buisness in your country or be barred from selling anything anywhere in the world as you know it.Dear China, please release this person from your country so this family can be of one. Your failure will show us in america that family means nothing to you and your country has no morals in life of those who live. I am just telling you of this in a common sence thery of what i hope you are not a family hater. I do believe the United States can stop all trades with your country on a dime of what would definitly be not good for your country. I would also ask the United Nations that you be barred from trading if you wish to imprison people who do buisness in your country till that kind of practice is stoped. So in good faith I ask you to get him on a plane home within the next few hours to show that you respect those who do buisness in your country or be barred from selling anything anywhere in the world as you know it.

My sons are friends with her at the University...they say she is a very sweet girl....a shame that a family is split like that, seems so purposeless.

If you can't do the time, then don't do the crime. Anywhere.

If the Government jails him they will claim his patents for smog control and use it freely, I bet

The Chinese believe they need more elbow room and they look at America with that idea in mind.

Another reason people should never do business with China or travel there.  If you try jogging sometimes your lungs feel like they are on fire also.

&amp;((^%##...the accuser should be identified and have his/her pants sued off of him......then shot in public when  found guilty! How vindicitve can ya be?????

Just like US, connections and wealth dominate legal systems! Very sad!

This is the way China treats an American citizen that has knowledge they want.  And, it's scary to think that China practically owns us.

It's a matter of contacting the right people (for a price) &amp; have them get the guy released.I find it hard to believe that this guy can't find a way to sneak out of China.

Limiting government abuse is the reason our Constitution exists.  A little chip here and a little chip there won't hurt our protections, right?  Our Bill of Rights is unique, precious and must be preserved.

Stupid AP trying to make a story for more than it really is. He got tangled up in a business dispute with possible criminal implications.  It can happen in any country.

No surprises here! Walk into Mexico, Iran, Iraq, N. Korea, China, Afghanistan and a number of other places while taking the chance that something bad will happen. It is no different than being in the US and walking at night into some areas of LA, Boston, NYC, Chicago or other large cities.

n has a mind smaller than the alphabet n

It's possible that part of the reason the PRC powers that be are being such jackwagons about it; is that under Chinese law, Hu forfeited his PRC citizenship when he became a US citizen. Commie countries really take it personally when their citizens emigrate.

You are the property of what ever country you were born to.

After reading this and all (good and bad) replies, i wonder what has happened to the blind chinese guy that we brought here. Are we still supporting him and schooling him??? Does anyone know???how about a answer dems? You guyes breought him here.     tom b.

How sad we have become. In the days of Teddy Rossevelt, this would ahve never been permitted. However, since we have become a debtor slave to China, we are too afraid to insist on the freedom of an American citizen. We need wholesale change &amp; it can start by removing 90% of our existing politicians especially the current occupant of the White house.

Remember this article when you drive by or, worse yet, stop at Wal-Mart today.In China, it's all about bribes and pay offs. Money will set him free!

While I feel for Dr. Hu, there are routes home. He could escape via HK, Macau, or the border with Vietnam. Blindly following the Chinese rule will get him nowhere.  I dont believe that I would stay away from my family if there was a slight chance I could make it home.

Just more proof that Chinese people cannot be trusted, not even with one of their own. Always remember Pearl Harbor!

Moral of the story is that people with Chinese backgrounds get mistreated in China as if they were Chinese nationals even if they are foreign citizens.  Ethnic Chinese, be very careful going back to China and hope you are lucky.  Better to be a foreigner with a foreign face, treatment is better and more closely adheres to some rule of law.  Not sure why China does this to ethnic Chinese but it does on regular basis.

After 8 years in China, I moved back to the states  and will never go back. I loved teaching and traveling but someone made a comment that I had been taking photos of real stuff, not travel stuff. I like to photograh the changes I see and the real people doing real daily things. The country was changing and I decided to simply get out. I am not Chinese American but an American teaching, Peerception is a sometimes difficult issue to understand in China. I hope that this family can get their father back but the Chinese prefer to do nothing rather than something...you have to be there to understand this core perception of the culture toward everything. Stop going to China, stop spending money on items manufactured there. They might get the message.

could he have started another family life in china?

Why didn't they detain millions of other Chineses went back to their country but this Dr. Hu here? and his daughter thought he's innocent?.....ROFLMAO......!

Sounds more like he took U.S. inventions there....oh that's nothing new and our Government doesn't care.

China is run by a one-party gang.  There are no checks and balances.  Let's make sure that doesn't happen in the U.S.!

I have been to Shanghai its hard.  Life is worth about a bowl of rice.  His choice is die in china or escape by whatever means available.  Our state dept. is manned with jelly fish and  Its not called foggy bottom for grins.  Left the American Ambassador out there in Bengaze, didn't you now??He is going to cheat on her with women in China.

Until Charles Hutzler in Beijing disclose more details, no body can judge this case appropriately.  However, our sympathy goes to his family in California.  Perhaps Victoria and Richard should write to the new Prime Minister of China for help through the Chinese Embassy in California, his Q&amp;A with the media gave an impression of a very reasonable person yesterday.

China is a Communist Ruled and Communist Run Nation - Unless this story and or the News Media can do something or something unforseen occurs to allow it to happen for the better - Then don't expect the Communist Chinese Government to ever allow Dr. Hu to leave China and return to the U. S. A. at least not until he has died - Only then they might feel sorry, and allow his remains to be returned to America but I doubt it. - But I wish his children the best of luck and hope they can acclomplish their goal of getting their father returned to America very shortly

....shy girl whose life revolved around school and homework,And this is different than any other Chinese kid how?

We should have never started doing business with the communists to begin with. They use slave labor to unders cut our companies and unfair trade practices.

i love the japan people the soo clean  polite, the best

My dad often spoke of wanting to return to his home land armenia but he knew he would be considered a war criminal because he survived concentration camp interrment. Russia considered all survivors who did not return war criminals. So he never got to see his family there again. Once out, you should never return. They can always find a way to keep you there indefinitely.

It is time to be seeing China for what it is. There is no difference between American businesses that cooperated with Germans before WWII and the situation with China today.

American citizens need to get involved here. Put pressure on China where it hurts..... their bank accounts. I don't care how cheaply you can buy stuff at Walmart, if it says, "Made in China", DON'T BUY IT!

You have to live among them to understand ... They're essentially a nasty people, with a lot of pent-up hatred, envy and spite. Dr. Hu, I sincerely hope you make it home. For your children's sake.Every person and Gov,t in the world knows how rotton the chinese are ....Why does anyone have anything to do with them???I lived in taiwan 17 years,They lie,cheat ,sneak,copy,pirate,knock off,reverse engineer,They will run you off the road to get one car closer to the red light,They behave any way they want while demanding that we respect them .The culture is completly corrupt renedering a nice chinese semi -evil...DONT BUY COMMUNIST MADE GOODS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

In the US, spying is treason. Next time don't spy.

In the countries such as china, vietnam if you are doing business there  JUST BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL! You can be framed for wrong-doing one thing and you are doomed!

Victoria Who ?

I suggest he buy himself a yacht or fishing boat and sail to Taiwan, then fly back to America.

Go to Xiamen on the coast line. have boatman take you to Taiwan outer island. Take another boat to taiwan. Now you are free. Book air ticket to LAX. You will have to be cloak and dagger and make em think you are still there for at least a week.

And we continue to do business with China making it rich and powerful everyday.

was he a spy ?

China is a terrible country.

I think too, something fishy here. On the other hand, China is still one of the most lawless countries.Admire the Chinese economic growth but realize China remains a pathetically corrupt place.  Communism in China is just another name for corruption and the non-existence of individual rights.  The Party owns China and manages China for the benefit of the Party.  If a citizen gets in the way the citizen is eliminated one way or the other.  So again we offer up thanks to the American corporate elite who have helped the Communist Party in China become wealthy and powerful and utterly corrupted.

Hey, Shanghai is a very nice city!

if he did no wrong, let him go home.

Sending your kids to fancy college but can't fix the roof, skydiving, soccer equipt...Somethings seems fishy....Cant fix the roof you should not be jumping out of plans or buying new soccer shoes...It's funny how the story went from their dad to them and their fancy leaky cold life....We all got issues... I think daddy dont want to come home...

China will always be China, very corrupt

Anybody force him to go to China, no, well, his problem.  Stay the hell out of that country. The United States should not be involved.

A Richard Gere movie shows the Red Chinese "justice" system in action.  Just do not go there.

I got an idea ...go back to China

mexican stores they have the police at the doors

"People are so damn stupid...it's so simple. Just fly to Japan, take a small fishing boat to the Chinese mainland, and Pick Up Your Dad. I'll tell you what.... Give me $20,000 and I'll smuggle your father out of China for you."-Ironman Mark IIWell, see you on the other side buddy if you ever do it.Our government helps Chinese citizens but when it comes to our own they turn a blind eye. The vast majority of the well connected Chinese are thieves and would sell their own mother.A society based on connections instead of the law. Never trust a dragon, the fire they spit is evil and will burn you every time.

ok obama send kerry to bring mr. hu home a even swap will do

All he has to do is get on a boat and into international water    end of line   i would be gone by now   would have found a way home no matter what.

What a sad story, the family suffers as government obstructs and oppresses. Hopefully Mr. Hu will be able to be compensated justly from the company who has falsely accused him.

He stole "Chineese secrets" that THEY stole from the rest of the world?

I'm sure there's more to this then what we're reading.

so move the whole family back to China... he is now rich from America... he and the family will live well

Step one, visit the embassy, Step two...refuse to leave...

"Li started her own business supplying materials to the company that employed her husband."What does this say?

You do know that the President of the United States is personally tasked with defending Americans overseas, right?A little tired of hearing about these poor American citizens who get stuck in Communist and Muslim countries. Just don't go there!

This is sad for what it is, but what is even more sad is the many other children that live like these do, silently, because of father that walk out on their kids for much more trivial reasons than being arrested overseas.

Am I the only one who feels uneasy being financially indebted to China? Yikes.

This is the kind of capitalist dictatorship the Republican Party wants for America.

The guy knew the police in China were after him, and he still went back there?  That kind of stupidity is... criminal.

Ignorant Bubbas are here again, saying..."Why doesnt he just leave."People saying that have their brains in a thimble with room to spare.

another yahoo stiring of hate issue... yawn

ok, we get it.. the kid wants her Dad... what about the Dad... what did he do, is he head captive or just in China... he is a man of means.. is it that hard to get on a boat and just go

Oi feel a tear welling up in the corner of my eye. People who go to China are nuts. The Commie b******ds that run the cuntry can/will do anything to anyone anywhere they want. China is the epitomy of evil.

Visiting China if there's ANY legal issue at all that might come up is as risky as visiting Germany in 1938 - you'll get stuck there and no-one else will care.I am so sorry! Can he not go into the US embassy and ride out in a diplomatic car and plane?

He has been trapped between a young ladies legs. Move on.

She is hardly the first kid to suffer because a parent committed a crime.

If Americans want to go overseas, join our military. I am sick of Americans going overseas and casuing trouble and then trashing these country.  While in the Marines  I went to a lot of different country and never got into trouble.

the mexican shopping center is all dirty , the asian shopping center is nice clean

china?ohh my god.land of crooks,deadly foods and idiot people.

Guanxi or hi-level connections and the way they are abused like this are the historical norm. People like to grip about how our freedoms in America are insufficient or trampled on or in danger or whatever. But those people are utterly spoiled and how no clue how lucky they are to live here. What real tyranny looks like.

What a biased article.  I have questions to ask the writer of this article:(1) Who was Mr. Hu's rival?  This article didn't mention.  90% of the catalytic convertors for automobiles in CHina are manufactured by European companies in China.  Hu's rival is European.(2) This is an intellectual property law suit.  Why portrait it as Chinese government detained Mr. Hu?  If Chinese court let him leave,  there will be immediate complain from European Union.

they shouldn't live in palos verdes fixer - move to nicer house in less expensive neighborhoodat first sign of trouble father should stay away from chinahis company should give rival money for his release or other employees won't be loyal to the company

Don't know why he can't counter sue. After all he did spent a long time in jail. Ought to sue the police and the local government.US believes Chinese-American can work easily to get the confidential message in China. Hey, he is a spy. I do not think China has any reason to free the spy. For the same situation, I think US will do the same thing too.

He called his wife and told her not to come back but even after he left he went back ... Stupidity doesnt get my awww someone needs to help factor

He was nuts to leave .  The chinese are stealing every thing they can lay their hands on. I saw a news story on tv where an apple computer rep. went to china to check on stories of bogus apple stores.(apple only had 3 stores at the time there) he found over 400 bogus apple computer stores and I bet most of them still do so.

"I fight because I believe justice will prevail." Boy, is she ever naive. There's very little justice in their world, and it's only for those who can afford to pay for it.

I hope your father makes it home ok and soon, but the actions of the US in relatonship to its citizens is spoty at best. Look at the young G.I. that the taliban have held captive for some time now. Nothing is being done to get him back. the same for that young amn in Iran and for that former FBI guy. I hope  and pray that your father comes home.

China is just plain nasty in every way.

That just sucks for him and his family. That is quite a bit of juice for that rival to be able to ruin your life like that. Sounds like our kangaroo courts here sometimes.

So many of us FIGHT for our relatives in TIBET, INDIA and PAKISTAN who are ALL under Chinese oppression.

These folks along with the Vietnamese-Americans have never learnt.  Don't do businesses with commies.

The US does not want him because he took his skills to China. The Chinese refuse to let him leave probably because they want his skills, but don't want to pay him.It is a very sad story.Have the US tell the Chinese that there will be a 100% tariff on every import starting tomorrow, until HU is home with his family.  If they don't like it, then they can go to the UN and try their luck there.

We jail people who steal secrets. At least the dad is enjoying his life in Shanghai. The fact is, if you want to leave a country, you always can.

Mr. Hu and Ms. Li and their family and friends have my sympathies.

This story smells to high heaven.  Something other than the storyline could be involved here.  Stealing secrets from China has never been very productive for America.  Now if he was a government agent from China or America that would be a little more believable.

i prefer chinese people around than mexicans, asians are clean

Deport them all! Dad was doing business in China and taking away American jobs! Anyone doing business with China should be deported to China!

For everyone American spy arrested in China, AP writes a "touching" story about the family.  For every accused Chinese spy in America, AP writes as if they are already guilty before proven.

You will not find a more corrupt business enviornment than in China. Take my word for it. I've been there - I've seen it.

This seems to be a plain and simple extortion scheme by a well-connected Chinese mafia businessman.

Think i'll send my wife there and file a complaint ."she worried they were too Americanized to fit in back in China"Obviously they became VERY Americanized. Left China in 1989 and apparently doing quite well in the US. Then they decide to start a business so they head back to China to exploit low wage workers.

He has a family in China, I bet you this. He never wanted to return to his family in USA.

So no has noticed that there's been an uptick in media making China out to be the bogey man? That just a few years ago we were buddies and partners in even military issues.But last year SOPA and CISPA got rejected--big business and the government didn't get permission to share your internet activities with each other without warrants, suspicions or reasons. The people fought back and said no way.And then "suddenly" there's all these Chinese hackers and a brand new "internet security" program ready for Congressional approval. A way to make sure it gets passed?Get middle Americans, the folks that don't know too much about the interwebz scared. Get the same group of people that are so easily stirred up by "those other people" stories to get behind this, and no amount of outcry from the educated, technologically forward thinking Americans will stand up against the ERMAHGERD ITS BE THE CHINEE COMMIES CMOING FER OUR BABEEZ! jingoists.Son, I am disappoint......

To China let him go already. This man is innocent. He does not need to be there for any lawsuit. This is very cruel....

You go to China and your #$%$ is hanging out.

Makes you feel all warm about China and their human rights record, doesn't it?

China is part uncivilized country in Asia. You can compare with Muslim countries.

All I can say is Mainland China chinese (  Hu Zhicheng, Hong Li ) are tricky. You  can not trust them.

Ok enough is enough just tell me the news how the kids feel about thier dad is for a paperback. this story is biased and slanted again towards foriengers. the dad took catilitic converter technology to a communist country quite possibly illegally to do stolen info from america. then went over there to steal more all of that to get rich I don't feel sorry. Sorry.

Call Tony Stark or Bruce WayneRed China is guilty of human rights violations, slavery, artistic piracy and pollution.  We should ban trade with them!  President Obama won't do that, because, like all Liberal Democrats, he cares only about MONEY, and to hell with people!"But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition" (1st Timothy 6:9).

I feel grieved for these kids but encouraged that they're doing something positive with their sadness.  I wish there was a trustworthy man who could invest some time in Richard's life -- become like an uncle to him.

LMAO...sounds to me like he's having an affair and living the life in Shanghai!

I don't understand: when we chinese apply for a student visa, we are required to make the officer believe that we have no intention to stay in USA, much less becoming a citizen! However, many students get their green cards after graduation, what a hypocracy it is!I am sure the couple have promised to the visa officers to return to china when they got their visas. Now since they have break their first promise, they should either shut their mouth, or go back to China on their promise!

Time for Hussein to bow and apologize.

State secrets ? Secret of making cheap goods.Sounds like the Chinese just wants to keep his talents on their land.

Doesn't sound like our State Department is doing squat.  Sounds like he is being sacrificed to the holy dollar interests.  If Americans got riled up and made an issue of it I bet he would be home soon.

Money doesn't talk any more in China or anywhere else, than in the United States.

In tian-an-men, USA's secret servcie agents managed to shipped out large numbers of student rebels, why not him?

I think they have a fence up to stop illegal immigration. Business in China is always a web of intrigue. Apple went through the same thing, years later they won and it was cheaper to re-buy the patents. The government is usually the stumbling point because of money and connections.how come u rarely see chinamen with white women but many white men with chinawomen??

See how the Chinese Govt protects their own ? our Govt are #$%$ .

This long article is full of cheap cliches pointless details about a 'poor victimized' family, yet it purposely give only a slither of a reason why Hu cannot legally leave China.This article is another Cheap propaganda anti-China article. Its so obvious its laughable.This article completely and purpose leave of the other side of the story.The facts are, its harder to stay in China than to leave China. In order to stay in China for longer than 60 days, you'll need to constantly renew visa, or get other visas. The only reasons Hu cant leave is because he did somthing illegal or other valid reason why he cant leave.Again, this story is so full of Shiiet holes, only braindead buys into this sob story. Like those brain dead that believe the Bulllshiiett story US made up about Incubartor babies being killed in Iraq, or Gadiffh gave viraga to Solider to rape women, or Lesbians/Gay being abuse in the middle east...any countless more. All these Stories were made up and orchstracted by the shameless US government Creditless News Agencies.Serisouly, The US propaganda news press has less creditability than the number two i drop in the toilet every morning.

Hope your dad is allowed home soon.  今日事，今日畢

Why can't we make inferior products and be forever comfy? My shoes,socks pants, underwear, glasses, watch, wallet and even my key-chain all made in the big C. I feel like American China-Man.

MORE PROOF of the EVILS of the CCP!   Hu is an award-winning scientist with nearly 50 patents to his name in catalytic converters; More like the competitor is a piece of SH T CCP family member that could NOT compete. There's a special place in hello for CCP SH TS like that one.   This is how the CCP treats its people daily not just foreigners.

Yeah, I once got trapped in a China store.  Those tea sets and monogrammed cutlery can be terrifying.

STOP BUYING ALL THE #$%$ THAT CHINA SHIPS OVER HERE THAT THEN ENDS UP IN OUR LANDFILLS.  Remember to shop with a conscious.

Once he left China borders he could get on a plane. After that, China has no more legal action they can press on him. They maybe write a letter saying, you need to come back because of legal action taken upon you. When that happens, write back saying. Good luck with that. China needs to look for better places when comes to nation secret leaks. They have a lot.

I can't not seeing my wife and 5 yr-old daughter for more than 2 weeks.  I feel really sorry for the family.something is missing here..... Li must have profited from his Chinese patents which triggered the rivalry fight.  I smell a rat!

Ironic how these "hyphenated people" add American to the end their race when their in trouble as a spy or a thief......!!!     phunk them...!!!

As always, if there's smoke, there's fire.... Many kids thought their parents are always angels...

Another State Department failure to protect U.S. citizens abroad!

"With money tight, repairs to the fixer-upper remain undone.The home offers stunning views, but the roof leaks and theheating system is broken.""When not studying, she's taken up drama, horseback riding andmartial arts. She works part-time for a small Internet start-upthat produces online comics, and she recently tried skydiving."UNTIL I READ THE SECOND PARAGRAPH, I ALMOST FELT SORRY FOR HER.AS FOR HER UNFORTUNATE DAD:If he smart enough to be holding 50 patents, how come he's notsmart enough to avoid diplomatic troubles?

I have no doubt that this is a planned conspiracy by the Chines government to utilise Mr. Hu's knowledge. Now, he is working for the Chines government under duress.

I red the story of this man that is trapped in China, I think that if this man has a good life in the United States and he was living the American dream why he wanted to move his family to China and what he was doing there?The story is he wanted to help the Chinese people and his country, he is an American Citizen and he should help this country the one that give opportunity to everybody that want to be successful. I came from a communist country to the United States and I am an American Citizen and I believe that behind this story there is another story. The only reason the money has value is because money has to faces.Ideassoul

We need to send commandos in to get him.

"...although she never cared much for the sport. Soccer was her game"   = RAMBLING pointlessly like a yapping woman.

Why are we still buying Chinese products? They have no respect for Americans!  We need to put pressure on our government to bring jobs back here. We need to stop buying Chinese and  if their is not more to this story then this guy needs to be brought home!They can't afford to repair the heating or the roof, but Victoria pays for horseback riding and martial arts lessons? Don't get me wrong; I have sympathy for these people. That said, seems someone's priorities are a bit messed up, if this article didn't misconstrue something.

It sounds like a business rivalry scandal to me. Why can't they hire some lawyer in China to fight against the case?

Last I heard China stold from us. They should let him come home to his family! Stop living in the stone age China!

Write to Diane Feinstein and John Kerry, right away.John Kerry is to visit China shortly. Ask him to bring it up with the central government.

Any body notice how Toyota trucks look so much like the Dodge trucks now?  Kinda like Honda Kawasaki and Yamaha look like Harleys!

Chinese liberty.... the Chinese mean no one any harm.... The Chinese have an open society...BS..

Surely we have a Chinese agent worthy of a trade.

Sounds like a kidnapping for talent.

"The State Department notes on its website that Americans must follow the laws of the country they are in and that, other than making those checks to ensure a person's well-being, there is really nothing else U.S. officials can do". How come our state department can't ask the same of 11 million(Allegedly) illegal immigrants here in the US?

I feel for his family; they deserve their father back. At the same time, whether his family misses him has nothing to do w/ the merits of the case against him in China. There's something fishy about an article that seems to be making the argument that he's been victimized and unduly held simply because his family misses him. We need to know exactly what's going on w/ the patent-infringement lawsuit."Mrs. Hu started her own business supplying materials to the company that employed her husband."  What does that tell you? That's how they can afford to buy a "fixer" in Rancho Palos Verde; an innocent husband and wife team indeed!  I've worked 30 years and my house isn't worth a fourth of that "fixer"!

Chinese jails for people breaking its law is a 100 times better than the US Gitmos. That said, it is a tragedy for the Hu's family when the American dream became a Chinese nightmare. Time to live only Chinese Dream instead of flirting with the Americans. The Father of China Space Program who founded JPL and founded the US Space Program knew that too well. You cannot trust the americans.

Where is GOOFY on this story.  We, want to here GOOFY's incredible wisdom of how CCP Favors a CCP member's family when they cannot compete against another man's company!   Please tell us how CCP is so good GOOFY!  We are waiting for your stupid wisdom.

Nothing to fear.The Messiah of No Jobs and welfare for Americans obama is in office putting on his blue super hero cape!

Just another example and evidence of the how worthless obama and clinton are for helping to resolve this.

I think Chinese food everyday would get old quickly.

good to know our government takes care of american families...we pay them taxes and they dont seem to give a #$%$ about us..they give away millions to countries that hate us, seems like they care more about the people in these countries than their own...cant wait till it comes back to bite them...our government needs a rude awakening to realize who put them in power and who pays them we are the gears, oil everything that make this ship run...we put in the real hard work and they just keep popping holes sitting on their #$%$ sinking our ship...the government should fear us not the other way around...someone in congress needs to get their #$%$ together and bring this father home

U.S. state department will never leave innocent American citizen behind. Period. is he American? Is he innocent?

Don't purchase Chinese goods and services, don't vacation there, don't book any interconnecting flights....this country is famous for violating human rights, and aggressive towards the international community.

I wouldn't want to live in a country that has no due process of law for any money in exchangeI wouldn't want to live in a country that has no due process of law for any money in exchange

at the end of the day, China is still an autocratic, Communist society with ancient, self serving laws that only protect the government elite, regardless of how modern their society would like to emulate, and how rich their economy is

What was he going to take are jobs there.

should have stayed in the u.s.a.

Perhaps John Kerry can get the Chinese to release him as symbol of good will. We can now only ask God to intervene and bring him home safely.

Let that be a warning for all those who travel abroad.  Laws are way different and as they say you are on your own. Next time stay home and take a tour bus to a park or something. The USA is plenty big enough to satisfy any craving for a unique destination. I bet when he gets back home he will lock himself in the bedroom.

Enough!  When is Washington going to get some balls and stick it the the Chinese Communists?  It is the American consumer and American capitalist elite who have made China what it is today.  Give us back our citizen or pay a price.  Why is it the United States has to kiss everyone's derriere in order to get any cooperation or assistance?  We're in debt because we have squandered our wealth on foreign lands who have given us little in return.  No more foreign adventures.  No more aid without results.  No more 'nation building'.  No more wars unless we actually conduct war and come home afterward.  Do the Chinese give aid without getting results?  No they do not.  Do the Chinese engage in foreign adventures that drain their accounts?  No they do not.  Is China growing in power and prestige while we falter?  Yes they are.   Enough!

This is a typical Chinese business tactic - fraud and deceipt - and this is why we pulled all of our manufacturing out of China.  Why isn't Mr. Hu brought into our embassy and then flown home?  No American family should suffer like this.

Communist Law is Jungle Law, but lot of people still trust them.

I say send her their to and all the rest right back to where they belong  period.You people are in between loyalty for your adapted country and you’re decent. Now, how does communist china work out for you huh? This is either, you are loyal to China or America which is which go big or go home.

I often wionder why so many GOP-ers love Communist China?

A thief who are stealing for American government ,so he should be treated as a hero for Americans,yes ,that's make sense ,for Chinese ,he is a thief and a spy  and he should be treated as a criminal ,that's make sense too. look ,this media just lead you to the patriotism, with neglecting the fact behind it.

Praying for this family. I am sure they will be together soon. Although I am very disappointed that our government is not putting pressure on China to release Mr. Hu so he can come home.

Argo time?

This is common in China.  I have worked there and well connected rivals will steal your secrets and then sue you.  I would talk to managers in the executive sweet of the hotel and it is like doing business in bizarro land. The Chinese government does everything they can to give local businesses the advantage.

Every other country has such strict laws.  Why don't we?? We are we always the people to give in?  Why don't we get firm with others.  We let everybody else walk all over us.  We are suckers and everybody knows it.  We're all talk but no action, thanks to that man in the white house!

At least he has a strong family supporting him... What a sorry mess..Stay strong all of you...

How the hell could a Chinese blind political opposition managed to escape and found it's way to the U.S. Hu's an American citizen roaming freely in Shanghai. Somethings not right here.

`Everyone get onlline and sign the petition!!!!it bothers me how many US companies allegedly support a free market but are so quick to set up shop in communist china.

Very sad...

My God; lets find that petition and sign it; maybe someone in Washington will listen.

He's gonna be executed if he found guilty, and will do it as fast as they can, that's China Laws.Good luck to his family.  God bless you.

This Obama administration is far to busy getting involved with other countries problems, than to look after its own people trapped in other countries.

You never know how evil Chinese government and enterprises are.  They could do everything to steal everything from you then destroyed you since you have no salvage value to them.  Please remember that they don't believe in god, moral, or ethics so they could do anything beyond you can imagine.

In China money talks

The Chinese authorities love to intimidate.  It makes them feel powerful.

Apparently, most of the commenters are not aware that China and North Korea have literally kidnapped and told the world people were dead to keep them in the country. If the charges were dropped, but he is still not able to return home, there is something going on. He is still working with the Chinese company. I hope he returns to his family and soon because this is wrong on so many levels. As is the desire to believe the man is a criminal ... his only criminal act was to leave China in the first place. Not a crime here.

One side of story!If he is totally clean, the State department will not leave him alone.I never been on a plane..People are shocked when I say that..I'm just fine settling down in Georgia..Hope this family can be reunited soon!

You are a great inspiration to young people, to keep on pushing for what you believe in  and love. God bless your work and your families to get dad back to his home the United States.

No navy seals? I mean it didn't bother the government to cross into a sovereign country any other time. Maybe America wants him in China as an engineer because it is cheaper to employ him.

Naturalized citizens . . . "citizenship in name only".

Industrial espionage in China, he gets arrested, and I am supposed to care.

Which is why no one should invest in China or Russia for that matter.  If a country has no independent legal system, then it is best avoided.

A heartwarming story of a closely knitted American  family  doing what are best so that  their  father/husband can  come back home and  it is  dramatically unfolding before all of us because they are free people living in a democratically free country.  I hope that Dr. Hu will soon be back home !

Since it appears that he is a CHINESE CITIZEN, there is nothing USA can do... We can let the family go live with him!! It was his dream to be the BIG GUY in invention in CHINA anyway, so your plans change and you move on!! See ya

Why I won't do business in China. Some do, but not me.

Just not feeling any sorrow from this. Sounds fishy and I'm betting he probably was spying and if he was spying he deserves everything he gets. Spies know the risks and to feel sorry for a spy is like feeling sorry for someone who breaks into your house and steals you blind.Spies deserve a short drop and a sudden stop.People are so damn stupid...it's so simple. Just fly to Japan, take a small fishing boat to the chinese mainland, and Pick Up Your Dad.! It's really not that difficult you know. His U.S. passport is still good so once he's out of China, he should be able to travel unhindered.I'll tell you what.... Give me $20,000 and I'll smuggle your father out of China for you.

She is 16? Are you kidding me? She had not being gunned down by an NRA member in elementary school? She had not being gang raped in a bus? Come on, it's America, a girl can't survive there.

Something tells me Hu was kidnapped for his intellect from MIT

I am guessing his accuser is probably a friend of someone in the Communist party and trying to make money off of this engineer. The government is corrupt and will protect the financial interests of their capitalist friends.

i wish for a safe retern for their father.   he was cleared of all charges, they should let him come home to his family!

hi........

If the family missed Hu so much, why can't they go back to China to visit him?  I urge the daughter, a Berkley undergrad now go back to China during the summer vacation to find out the truth about what his father was doing in China that made him as one of the very few that is not allowed to leave China for ongoing court process.

I get the impression none of you have ever flown out of China before.  To do so, you are required to have an Exit Visa.  It sounds like Dr. Hu held on to his Chinese Citizenship (likely in order to run a company there) and in doing so exposed himself to liability under Chinese law.  The fact that he is also an American citizen doesn't help him, here -- until he's cleared his name, he's not permitted an exit visa to leave China.I wonder, though, how an inventor and business owner with 50 patents to his name and powerful rivals has failed to save enough money to feed his family.  No American would trust their savings to Chinese banks -- Chinese nationals don't even do that.  That bit doesn't add up for me.

It's obvious that this country won't bend over backwards for anyone unless they get something out of the deal. No matter which descant your family is, we only care about "US!" and once again, this country is made up of every country around the world, and only picks a fight or war with who they think they can become Victorious. The arrogance. greed, selfishness and stubbornness to keep from changing, and wanting to live in the past, holding grudges for circumstances for something many years ago. We still think we can have war and peace at the same time! Victoria Hu and Hu Zhicheng, both of you have my sympathy and best wishes that your family be united again. The america that we all live in thinks of evolution as on ly the american evolution.

I would just relocate my family to China until the issue is resolved. At least they wouldnt be separated.The apparent touching story of a daughter who is trying to have his father returned from China, is sadly missing some important facts about the mess the father created and found himself in the first place. The most like scenarios based on another real case in China could be that Mr, Hu first started a company with an initial investor China, with Hu taking a minority position with his "patents" or know how on making catalytic convertors, while the investor put forth cash with a majority position in the company. Once the products became close to the market, Mr. Hu started his own competing company in an attempt to rip off the initial investor. Since Mr. Hu already gave away his "IP" position in making catalytic convertor to the initial company, starting another competing companies (either on his own or sold to to another investor with the same IP) behind the initial investor's back, is not only unethical, but also can be viewed "IP" infringement by the initial company (no wonder called as "steeling secrete form China"). Unless the case can be resolved in the court between the two companies, Mr. Hu understandably is not allowed to leave China because money is at stake.

Since when does America need to copy anything from China?  Last I checked China was decades behind America in every technology possible.  So what tech could this guy possibly bring back from China that wasn't already old news in America?  My guess is China won't let this guy go because they want him working for them, since everyone in China only knows how to reverse engineer or copy American tech.  That makes more sense than him trying to copy old Chinese tech.

Or probably he is happily married there and chose to live in China.

i heard this story way back. he went to china to do business with a chinese business men. there were disagreements, the chinese business men has ties to high ranking officials, that led to him being stuck in china. but why go there when they can come here to usa where is safe. i aint going no where outside of usa unless is canada ey.

This article should show how dangerous China really is. Mitch McConnell is behind sending America's business to China. Vote against Mitch McConnell. He is out to destroy America. It is likely he and his Chinese wife will retire in China. Please help them to retire early.

We could always nuke China along with North Korea and put an end to all this nonsense

China largely is still a lawless country. I'm not surprised of the story. But has the US State Department done enough on this? Many Chinese seek US citizenship for better protections. I wonder if the Hu's family has reaped enough help. I wish all the best to them. But China can't care less about public opinion. I'd still stress on getting help from the State Department.

I can’t believe this man wasn’t aware of the underground payments that are required by all who do business in China—there is no exception

Damn 3rd World country's anyway ... go to HELL CHINA and take ur NK buddies with You!!

Sound fishy story here! Chin behave like Chin, no different, (he can sneak out, back to the US without any problem!)Chinese officials have no compunctions about violating the human rights of ANYONE. Keeping an American citizen a political prisioner should outrage the American people to rally for this man's return to his country, THIS country. I realize that the United States relations with China are vitally important across many levels, more so perhaps, than the plight of this one family, but, surely our government has the power to do more than just follow State Department rules and "check" on his well-being periodically.  We did more to secure the return of  other political prisoners in countries like North Korea and Iran, why not this man, too?

if i were him, i'd use my american passport, go to the airport and get on a plane. They're not gonna come after him - if the charges were dropped, they can only track him using his chinese passport - go to the embassy, seek asylum and get out!

Very simply, this should be elevated to US media awareness.  This should be broadcast so that all who wish to do tech business in China understand they are sending their employees to possible imprisonment.  Filing false patent or copyright infringement cases in China is a big business.  And those with "guanxi" always win. Shamefully, here is a man who wanted to benefit his country of origin with the knowledge and education he received here in the US education system and is now imprisoned in his country of origin. He started a business there and is paying a truly high price for doing so.

Roam over the border and escape? Shanghai is on the eastern seaboard of China almost halfway between Hong Kong and the border with Russia, the nearest border would be North Korea, not an option. Stow away on a ship going to South Korea or Japan, maybe. No matter what, Dr. Hu cannot fly to any location near any border. He is in Chinese "legal limbo", a confusing place.

!!!! ;) ;)!!!! :) :)

this story is touching, and too touching touchy.

A US Citizen doing business in CCommunist China. Shocking. Its fu nny how it is okay for America's CEO's to do business with the communists but its almost a sin for the average American to want good medical care, its called communist

keep going girl!!!

i don't know if Mr.Hu is a spy or not.but i can be sure that this article is touching and  fake!

I pray for the family to get united soon.With the amount of spying going back and forth between the two nations, who knows if the family is really clean.  The media portrayed Neil Heywood as a "clean expat" too until MI6 admitted that he was working for the British Secret Service in China.Looking at the pictures of the family, especially the one with the multi-million dollar mountain view from their CA home, I would say that the dad did very, very well for himself while in China still.  He will eventually return to the US when he pays the right people off both in China and the US.

even with the 30 million illegal spicks in this country, i would still rather live here than in China

They are trying to break him and anyone can see that from the following quote, with CAPS to emphasize the problem in this case:"He said he believes he is being pressured to make a financial settlement with his WELL-CONNECTED BUSINESS RIVAL."We still haven't heard anything from the court," he said, adding that under Chinese law THE DEADLINE TO BRING THE LAWSUIT TO TRIAL OR DISMISS IT SHOULD HAVE PASSED MONTHS AGO. Calls by AP to the TIANJIN NO. 2 INTERMEDIATE PEOPLE'S COURT which HAS DELAYED RULING ON HU'S CASE BUT KEPT TRAVEL RESTRICTIONS IN PLACE,,,"

china just wanted to keep a top engineer for their own greed

He can stay in China!!!!!! Boo Hoo, if these kids want to see their dad, they can visit him in China!

I smell pigs rotting in the river in this story....hmmmmmm

Must be nice to live in a home with a stunning view of the beach even though money is tight. well anything less would be uncivilized.

I dun thing that is the whole story. Something is missing.

One for all all for humanity.

"The family found a fixer-upper in Rancho Palos Verdes, a picturesque Los Angeles suburb of rolling hills overlooking the Pacific Ocean".That lil fixer-upper was a tad over 1.5Mil   ...  RPV is an awesome place !Lesson: Don't get into business in China with well-connected business partners. Take the government's money and be a 100% business owner or majority owner with a local proxy not well-connected. This guy had the credentials to do this on his own, but either due to his greed, lack of confidence, ignorance or combination of the above, he took on a bad partner. If he is free in Shanghai and has a little bit of money, should be easy enough to travel on someone else's passport, get back to the U.S. and never come back. I think this fellow is just a little too naive. Typical PhD with book smarts but no street smarts or people skills.

Here's an idea, lets restrict the import of any product made by his accusers company or affiliates until Hu is returned to the US unharmed.  For that matter lets restrict ALL imports from China. This post copyright 2013, JR may not be copied, stored or re-used.

Mr. Hu "returned" to China after he knew there were problems. He "thinks" his rival is pressuring him for a financial settlement. No Chinese is that dumb.

Pathetic Americans, always so funny.

A few years ago I was teaching in a Chinese university and took an extra job.  My new employer told me that they had authorization to hire a foreigner like me.  A few weeks later, the police came to the school, took me in and questioned me for four hours.  It turned out that the school did not have the authorization as they had originally claimed.  The authorities took my passport.  The school that got me into trouble admitted to the authorities they had deceived me and the authorities told me that I was a victim in all this.  However, the authorities still refused to give me back my passport until they spoke to someone from the university who were the sponsors of my visa.Granted, in a few months I had my passport again. While my ordeal was nothing like the subject of this story, the lesson from all of this is that if you are involved in someway with someone doing anything illegal, you might as well start taking Chinese lessons because China is not going to let you go anywhere anytime soon.

Keep up with your work to free your Father.U ony got one Father, &amp; u missed out so many years together.  good luck

Visiting these foreign countries are to dangerous,take for example the sweedish couple who went to india biking and camping,he ended up getting the #$%$ beaten out of him and the wife raped by 8 guys.Why do people want to take chances like this .

How many Latins are dreaming their relatives will be allowed back into the US? Why does the US not allow them to reunite? How cruel is this?

After all about this story, china justice is a great joke. You think they really go according to the law system? No way. If you are china citizen business men you can bribe the corrupted court officer to press charge even the other person have nothing wrong or innocence.  You have money to bribe them they can change the law anything anytime anyhow. So think again if you have someone going to nail you if you step into china.

He got sick of his stereotypical chinese-american family and decided to bounce!I have friends who know of their companies being contracted over in china then finding out that china just wanted them there to steal the secrets and start building the products on their own not buying the products anymore or worse having them build the production system getting it started the kicking the americans out basically stealing what they could not buy, so it stands to reason that this accusing #$%$ was using a similar tactics, perhaps because he was jealous of the freedom his counter part had in the US, (China owns you and your ideas and money over there and can take everything from you on a whim) and was used by the government as the catylist to start this theft of our secrets,,,....either way  in China their government and the ruling party is corrupt in every way.. those with money are the ones with all the power...(sounds like our corporations in a way)

Being wanted by the Chinese Police was a very bad sign especially for an American Citizen. He should have smelled the "shxx" coming. Common sense is not so common indeed.  This is not an everyday case however.  There is nothing to be scared of.  Working in the field of science and engineering is a bit risky. For other fields, there is no worry. A lot of westerners enjoy a good life in China.  It could happen anywhere.  It's not a reason that one should be scared to travel.  In Russia, same things could happen and they don't care about public opinion.  One has to be extra careful though, not to "step on someone's foot".

why doesn't his family go to china ? at least they can live and work together ....I would.

The USA Govt should do something. Not send Kerry to Israel. Screw the middle east

China indeed a very dangerous land . . .

He got locked-out in the women jail, and have been trapped in the beautiful city of Shanghai, Sad story.

This is an example of what will happen here if the Republicans ,and their love affair with the 1%, get into power.  A lot of yelling is going on about "Spending".  Our current economic problems are a direct result of the unpaid-for tax cuts for the rich by Reagan and Bush. Social Security is paid for by itself, NOT taxes. Why should we pay for the the rich tax cuts with cuts to our social programs that prevent us from becoming of beggars.

It is clever to use a girl to make an emotional appeal. But not necessary tell the truth.Whatever, I fell sorry for her family.

More Chinese Americans who now despise one party thuggery. Long live democracy.

The thing that makes no sense to me is how they are justifying holding this guy. I understand that there is some ongoing lawsuit, but doesn't his company have any offices in China? If they do, then as long as they have some representative of his company on their soil, they should be able to release him. Have seen similar, and as long as they have a lawyer and some kind of manager there, the owner should be able to come and go.70% of commodie's sold at Walmart were made-in-china(most by children-slaves). Please, boycott made-in-china label's!!!

china set him for false accusation they might lock him up for the rest of his life because china is a communist

Amazing that China originally even attempted to charge someone for stealing research.  That is what I consider a national pastime

Just goes to show you that in today's world "no good deed goes unpunished".  Hong Li probably regrets not sticking to her guns and preventing him from going.  Sad story, wish all the best for the family.

How did her dad get trapped in China ? He wanted to be the first to get the new iPhone.

Hu would go want to go to china? :-)

I still think the court of public opinion has some weight, even in China, especially depending on the kind of situation.  In my mind, this has not gotten enough visibility on an international scale to give it enough weight as a PR problem for China.  But, if it did, then I think it still could have some influence on China's government, being that there is no real criminal action that was found by the government, by their own admission, but now have a patent infringement case raised more to try and get a financial settlement by the competitor.But, if this got to be an ugly black mark on China keeping a family apart with little justification and publicized on an international scale, I think they might be more prone to feel some pressure by the court of public opinion. If it were in the national news more prominently, or even at the level of Obama administration, rather than just the state level.  The nuisance in having this more visible in public, versus the benefits in keeping him there, would not be worth it for China, imo. There is just not that much to gain for China by keeping him there in this particular situation, from the government's perspective. (though, not the competitor's of course).  Wish the family good luck.Those telling him to try to escape have to also realize the cost of failure.  If he is caught, he would then be thrown back in jail with even less chance of getting out of jail, much less out of China, having then been found to really have broken a law.   And now, at least he is free and probably feels that before too long, they will have to let him out.   So, he may feel his best course of action is to ride it out longer and win the right to legally come back to the USA, rather than risk escaping illegally.  And he may feel, he will win in the end before too long.Not to mention the damage he might do to colleagues or the company he worked for in China, if he were caught breaking the law and jailed for trying to escape.  They could shut the company down, arrest others in the company, etc.   I dont know if this would really happen, but this would also at least have to be considered in possible consequences.

I think if I were this family I would get LOCAL media to help and even write our President again and keep writing sooner or later someone will help.  Let all of us pray for this family to be back together as a family should be.

let him stay there and this is not a story Got too many chineese here now

Possibility, it could also be a case of the local industries wanting to keep any possible discoveries in China. Think about the first country to develop cold fusion, it would be a great advent for the world but would the founding country want it spread without their control?I would like to hear China's side of the story? Why isn't it on here?

I thought they don't have enough money to fix their home yet they have enough money for horseback-riding and skydiving? Those cost a lot of money, more than fixing the roof!

Sadly this article appeared to be a family of Chinese Americans's effort to smear Chinese government for apparent "human rights abuse" , while the truth behind Hu's plight in fact could be originated from his illegal business practice in China out of greed as envisioned below due to sketchy details in the AP article.

If it were my abusive father I would have called china and told them to keep him.

This is another reason I dont travel outside the USA. Ppls take notice it true, we are not liked.

Chinese state owned enterprises are not too keen on having brain-drain expats returning to their country and competing with them. This guy and his wife had to be aware of this before they returned, but the lure of money and elevated social status, made them risk it. I suspect cleaning China's air was not Dr. Hu's main motivator as this story implies. I'm not saying he shouldn't be allowed to leave, if in fact he wants to, but China is not Kansas, they don't have to play by our rules.

How about she go home to china and spend some time there with the family?

This is a typical AP smearing China report!  John Rogers' story seems telling such a simple case,  yet China makes it so complicated!  He is only telling one side of story to amuse readers' ears!And what happens to Hu's wife "frantically called the U.S. Embassy in China and wrote letters to her two senators, her congressman and the White House"...?I personally do not believe it, until John Rogers telling the whole true story!

All charges were eventually dropped, so where is the Aristocrat John, the traitor, Kerry????

If he was from Kenya our fraud'n'cheif would be putting on his super hero cape!This is a reminder to all Chinese intellectuals out there. Once you got the opportunity to study abroad either Japan, US or any other European Countries, please don't go back to your motherland. You are pretty much at risk if you go back. Even if you are a native Chinese, born and raised you are still under threat of not having a just justice system. While you study, try hard to acquire a permanent residency status for after you graduate you don't have to worry about going back to a country that rips off the rights of their people

Americans should not fear traveling to other countries especially when they are there to improve the life of the citizens of that country. this is disgusting what the chinese government is allowing this rival to do to this man and his family and our government is in on this with them. the state department can in fact do something but chose not to. i know people who were in the state department and left because of cases just like this one...

I have been to China numerous times and have always been treated with nothing but kindness and respect.

50 patents my #$%$, Everyone knows China infringes on everyone's copyrights.

He's being held in China on a patent infringement lawsuit.  In CHINA on a PATENT INFRINGEMENT lawsuit.  90% of Chinese business relies on patent infringement!

Wonderful, another article demonize China to confirm what we already know, that China = evil.Sure, I feel bad for the family, but there is no side from the Chinese's story on what exactly happened.He may or may not be guilty, but this article is NOT a balanced piece on the story, it basically is nothing more than an emotional appeal  that only tell's one side story while completely ignore the others.I'm not making a judgement on if he is innocent or not, however this article is clearly a PR piece for one side.

This is ridiculous  however it happens often in China....I feel for Mr Hu....his family describes Mr. Hu as a kind gentle man who cares about his country of heritage...however...he ran across someone who has strong local power and is angry at and jealous of Mr Hu.The person I speak of would have hurt any individual...Mr Ha just had the misfortune to meet this sick person.First issue is that the sick person has anger....he considers Mr Hu a traitor....his family got out of China sometime during the last 60 years suffering....they did not stay to help . Mr Hu is now considered a Banana (Chinese term not mine)....yellow on the outside but white on the inside.Second issue is jealousy....the Mr Hu is back to help however the sick person sees this as showing off...green eyes and he is a bully.Mr Hu needs to give face to this sick person....since Mr Hu  family lives in California....find a celebrity to take up Mr Hu cause...in the media...go to China with this celeb in the media lights and get the Mayor of the city where Mr Hu lives to host a visit of this celeb....this just one suggestion.Another option is to give this sick person a number of HU’s patents as a gift....giving face.....a bribe.All this sounds nuts to our western sense of fair play however this not taking place in the WEST!I am white anglo guy who lived in central China for 5 yrs....great adventure.....however you must try and  understand the China way.Mr Hu needs to come home.

Victoria is a gutsy girl with personal courage to confront vicious Commie giant by trying to rescue father from the iron grip of  hooligan state.It would be a life and death struggle for her family for sure.And there is no short cut to resolve such messy financial entanglement in a rampant corrupt state.

Nothing to fear.The Messiah of No Jobs and welfare for Americans obama is in office putting on his blue super hero cape!

Me thinks the man has a young Chinese girlfriend, probably the same age as his daughter, and has no intention of coming back to his old hag wife.If you can't do anything else, at least stop buying Chinese made products.  Pay the little extra to buy goods made somewhere else and consider that extra paid to be your part towards getting this man freed.

A spy is a spy is a spy is a spy, no matter what his daughter does.  If this man cares about his daughter, cares about his family, he should not do espionage in the first place.

We don't eant him in this county... You should move back to China with him

Sadly this article appeared to be a family of Chinese Americans's effort to smear Chinese government for apparent "human rights abuse" , while the truth behind Hu's plight  in fact could be  originated from his illegal business practice in China out of greed as envisioned below due to sketchy details in the AP article.The apparent touching story of a daughter who is trying to have his father returned from China, is sadly missing some important facts about the mess the father created and found himself in the first place.  The most like scenarios based on another real case in China could be that Mr, Hu first started a company with an initial investor China, with Hu taking a minority position with his "patents" or know how on making catalytic convertors, while the investor put forth cash with a majority position in the company.  Once the products became close to the market,  Mr. Hu started his own competing company in an attempt to rip off the initial investor.  Since Mr. Hu already gave away his "IP" position in making catalytic convertor to the initial company, starting another competing companies (either on his own or sold to to another investor with the same IP) behind the initial investor's back, is not only unethical, but also can be viewed "IP" infringement by the initial company (no wonder  called as "steeling secrete form China").  Unless the case can be resolved in the court between the two companies,  Mr. Hu understandably is not allowed to leave China because money is at stake.If the family missed Hu so much, why can't them go back to China to visit him?  I urge the daughter to find out the truth about what his father was doing in China that made him as one of the very few that is not allowed to leave China for ongoing court process.

Let the communists stay and rot in China. We do not need these people. This family should also go back to China.

Obviously, people of Chinese ancestry are not safe in China.

they want 2million, or 1 tuna-fish.

Hope this girl gets to see her father again. It's sad to see how this world has become taking away brilliantly gifted scientists from their families.

USA, Stay here and one day "maybe" travel but not in my lifetime.You have no rights overseas, neither does your family to get you home, you are stuck.Life as you knew it is gone, forever.

He probably just had a bich wife and kids - hated his American life and made the whole story up - he's probably having the time of his life in China living in an actual free country where they don't tell you that you can't drink big gulps or chocolate eggs with a toy inside - they don't require you to have health insurance in China - America has the most oppressive government on earth - and you ignorant Americans are too stupid to even realize it.Dad did some bad thing, girl. Just because your dad is an American doesn't mean he can break the law of other countries, or any country.

Picture of the Yellow girl please.

This's common in China, they cook up a story &amp; put you in jail forever...Beware.It could happen in Vietnam &amp; N Korea also.

Don't listen to this Han-Chinese family. I'm pretty sure they've got some malicious plans under their sleeves. Painting their father as a victim is only to distract us from what is really going on. Han-Chinese can never be trusted. They are probably some spies sent here to leech information from us.I don't care how Americanized they think they are. I'd rather have one million illegal Mexican immigrants living in the US than having one legal Han-Chinese immigrant living here."...she's taken up drama, horseback riding and martial arts."I hope she falls off her horse, and breaks her neck so that she will end up severing her spinal cord and become immobilized neck-down for the rest of her life. That way, she won't become a martial arts master in her lifetime. What better is it to see Han-Chinese end up like this? If they were all like this, then Japan would not need to worry about their islands getting stolen by these barbarians."He was an award-winning scientist with nearly 50 patents to his name; she knew he didn't need to steal anybody else's research."I don't believe a thing she says. It's a well-known fact that the Han-Chinese steal ideas and fabricate copies of other countries' inventions.