".....it would be my advice to proceed cautiously."  How about  "stay out of it" ?

@Bill  If you can read between the political BS the press is throwing out, I believe that's the point the General is trying to make. Usually the Pentagon saber rattles, they haven't been very keen on it in Syria and for a good reason, they don't trust the rebels anymore than the current Syrian Government. If you remember right they weren't very vocal on backing the Egyptian protesters either and that has turne dout to be a political disaster for the US.

Because someone is a 'rebel' doesn't mean they are, or will be, an ally.26th Marine Regiment

Seriously... only idiots on either side of politics in this country think we have friends in Arab countries.  Instead of spending on peoples that already hate us, how about using the money here to pay off some debt?

the fact that the 'rebels' are al-qaeda and other militant islamic groups, i would say 'proceed cautiously' as well.....

Sending arms to the rebels will turn out like Tunisia, Libya, Egypt and everywhere else there has been an "Arab Spring". Look at how well those turned out and it points to the same thing we see in Syria. Islamic Jihad and the strengthening of Al Qaeda. The General is saying the same thing, they should actually listen on the Hill....

look, we are doing the "RIGHT"  thing, humanitarian aid is only humane but DO NOT give this countries enemies weapons, they will use them to win in Syria and then turn them on us, this is not a new lesson, WE HAVE BEEN DOWN THIS ROAD BEFORE.....damm, Kerry is stupid

So with all of the constant rhetoric from our politicians, it takes a U.S. Army General to give us the "straight skinny".  When a General give a yellow or red light, we need to listen and proceed accordingly.  Our politicians have screwed up enough wars.

Rebels known as Muslim Brotherhood no tax dollars no weapons, no aid of any type. Stop spending our Tax Dollars on the Muslim Brotherhood.

Was Libya not enough to show we do not the enemy when he is stairing back at us! Let us stay the hell out of Arab business and leave it to the Arabs. They have their own troops and money! If they don't care why the hell should we?

Too bad our ?leadership? never listens to those in the know.America needs partners as much as we need to be involved in the affairs of countries halfway across the globe populated with people that dislike us already-- not our problem, keep it that way.

The rebels whom you arm today are the Islamist you will fight tomorrow...Help those displaced by the violence and those who need medical attention but do not give anyone arms of any sort.Be wary after the fighting is over and see what type of government they form before you begin to engage in commerce with them...leran from the past so as to not repeat it.

We armed Afghanistan when it was fighting the Soviet Union.  Look how well it's working out today...

Let's see.Obama made a deal with Mubarak to step down. He had Muslim Brotherhood take over as there was then no leadership. Morsi is funded by Obama and Morsi becomes President. Rebels protesting in Libya get support from Obama while he tells Gadhafi he must step down.Gadhafi wants talks but was refused. Rebels slaughter Gadhafi and his son and again Obama assigns Muslim Brotherhood to lead government. Syria has rebels supported by Obama to get Assad out as he refused Obama's request for him to step down.We know all the rebels have been AlQaeda. Muslim Brotherhood is waiting in the background to take over Syria with Obama's help. Dempsey knows damn well it would be a mistake to put American troops in Syria.

Let'em fight it out.  Not our deal.

Its Crystal clear to Me what The United States needs to do.No more funds and stay out of it. But Keep Eyes open.No one wants the United States there anyway. Not even the American People.

70 000 dead in Syria is not real, even the muslim brotherhood in London say that at the most are 20 000 dead, this figure of 70 000 dead in Syria came from somebody in the united nation who is just guessing ,the real figure is probably around 12 to 15 000 dead ,93 % from fighters on both sides ,the remaining 7% are innocents women and children caught in crossfire .

They know who they are. Do not support the rebels.

Caution means stay the F out of it. There are none of these Rebel groups that have any love for America. This is a Religious War between Muslims and we are not Muslims.

send our politicans over there for a nice vacationNo history of any kind with democracy. Hate is the only thing that unites these people.

The government must stop squandering taxpayer’s money on so-called nation-building projects in Iraq and Afghanistan. The government must invest in the USA, not in the countries that will never be our friends.

We are out of money Boys and Girls.  We have no money for a lot of things and that includes arms for anyone other than our own population.  You want to give weapons away, then drop off a few with me and several thousand rounds for my continued weapons training and proficiency.  Outside of that, tell the rest of the world to give money and arms away.

Capitol Hill is cluelesss on Syria, as it was on Iraq and Afghanistan. Lessons not learned, supporting the mahajadeen in Afghanistan during the Soviet occupation, many of whom waged jihad in Algeria, 1990 - present), and splintered into Al-Qaida in Africa before re-emerging in Afghanistan in the late 1990s...problem is that outer influences guide the political inner tent of neocons, evangelicals, and sycophants on K-Street while the military industrial complex profits.

Whats a General know anyway? McCain says rush in and give them rebs all kinds of weapons and money. I prefer to sit it out until there are no more mooslims left.

Did the Syrian President close his palace to tours as well....?

This guy, the general, should be given a medal for saying the obvious, we don't know who these people are, so proceed with extreme caution. However, I have better advice, how about we stay out of it and worry about defending our homeland rather than some one elses.

A brave General.  The French and Bristish like to start these "Rebellions" then call on the US to finish them.   The Turks and Saudis are also dependng on the US to defeat Assad.   Seems they are paper tigers.  the countires were recently "liberated", Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya are all basket cases.    Besdies 5000 of our finest dead and 50,000 wounded, many times those numbers have suffered from famiily strains, finanicial strains and  emotional stresses due to multiple deployments.  We have done far more  damage to ourselves  and to innocent locals than we have to our enemies. And in Syria, we don't seem to know if the rebels are friends or enemies.

Let's hope they use caution.  The thing is that the war can't go on forever without causing even greater problems in the area.

Hey general, here's are some words of caution.  Butt out!  Leave Syria to the Syrians and muslim world.  Time to focus on our real enemies like North Korea, Iran, Russia and China.  Bring the troops home from Afghanistan and retire half of the generals and admirals too.Quit trying to rush us into war liberals.

his lips are firmly attached to obamas #$%$!!

this is the same guy  McCaine called  a lier.so why would any one beleive this #$%$ head.he has been caught lieing

Usually if you give humans the capability of doing great good, they will use it for great evil. This is quite a switch, the military of all people acting for good.

yes...give money to Egypt, Israel, Pakistan, Afghanistan and provide weapons for the rebels in Siria..but take the Tuition Assistance from our Soldiers and ask them to tap into their GI Bill for their job certs....Nice going...Google:  CMSAF Discusses Tuition Assistance

one thing to be sure of, any aid we give to the rebels will be shared with al queda, since they have infiltrated all the groups.

He needs to make sure he knows what Obama wants. But then Obama wants to know nothing of what is done or what will be done. jay Carney and Obama know nothing. Dempsey is a fool and needs to just hang it up

Kerry is an idiot.  Demsey needs to continue to do the right thing.  Remember General you cant get promoted any more, you're done. Give the good advice and if they want to do something stupid .....then run out of there.  Do what Mattis did and advise them of the truth and either let them fire you or have them force retire you.  No weapons, and no advisors, and no troops to Syria.  Screw the rebels, screw Assad, and screw Hezbullah.  Until the rebels can be trusted (not likely) they should be on their own. If they truly want liberty then let them take it, and protect it like we did. The rebels are fighting a civil war, its ugly and will get uglier.  The US does not need to be involved in this one at all.  Let Iran and Al Quiada fight it out.

“This is Red 5, I’m going in.”

Republicans have been clamoring for Obama to send weapons to the Syrian rebels. Now they will claim he has been doing that and attack Obama for that. The arms dealers are demanding another war and the republicans are eager to supply it. Ain't their sons that will die in it.Syria's conflict is about religious groups controlling the country. The Assad regime is only an excuse for the war.

I'd say it's quite complicated.  Iran and its ally Syria are using their natural resources to beef up their energy infrastructure.  That not allowed by the US, Saudi and Qatar, so they used the US CIA to stage a small rebellion, and then started pouring in arms and mercenaries into Syria through Turkey and Jordan, all the while claiming it's a "civil" war.Ambassador Stevens and the CIA coordinated the transfer thousands of tons of weapons through a secluded luxury home in the suburbs of Benghazi (nice swimming pool), where counterparts from Jordan and Turkey met over two years.  A terrorist training camp and weapons storage facility was established in Turkey, and now protected by US Patriot missile systems.Red Crescent (Iran) and AQIM (North Africa) agents back-tracked the weapons to the Benghazi CIA Special Missions Compound and got too close, so the CIA kidnaps them and starts asking for more security; knowing fellow agents will come looking for them when they don't check in and report.They don't get additional security because it is an internationally illegal CIA operation, and you don't advertise it. Our entire US government is lying to the American public.  They are attacked, and Stevens and three CIA agents are killed, and still no cavalry is sent during the attack to try and keep it on the low down. The US press is told to call it a "US Consulate", and Susan Rice states a "video" is the motive. Google Earth and maps adds it to their sites as a "US Consulate" the next day.  The entire press around the world gives the details within weeks, but the "specifics" about Benghazi are still under investigation and "classified" in the US.  Duh......Some of our weapons transferred (like rocket launchers and explosives) are used by our hired terrorists to missile a Syrian university on exam day, and set off car bombs in the middle of Damascus, killing hundreds of children and Syrian residents.  The US claims it is still a "civil" war, despite obvious acts of international terrorism by our foreign mercenaries. These mercenaries are entering towns, lining up the town leadership and police against walls and murdering them in cold blood.  Our US press refers to these victims as Assad's "unofficial" sympathizers and militia.The latest game is the foreign insurgents engaging the Syrian Army by Syria's borders, then fleeing across, hoping the Syrian army will follow... for Syria to be accused of escalating this into a regional conflict and demanding Assad must go.  Assad's not biting, and the Syrian citizens are laying down their lives to keep their country from being taken over by yet another western CIA coup. All “opposition" governments involved now realize that after all the "insane" terrorism and murders inflicted by their foreign insurgent mercenaries, this will never be over.Back stateside, our government and press continue to lie to the American public about what they have done the last two years (especially Benghazi), and the tens of thousands they had murdered in Syria. Everyone in Congress knows this, but they can't admit they have been lying as they always do.  Solution:  Get the F*** out and tell Saudi and Qatar to face the competition with Syria and Iran on the oil market like the rest of the world, and mind their own business also.  Disband the CIA, or cut it by 75%.  Want me to fix this Obama?...call me.Yes general, it is complicated, especially when everyone at the table is a sociopath with the same fascist mindset.

NO MORE useless phony wars to help the arab muslimes.

Another great opportunity to mind our own business.  Whatever the cost in blood and treasure it would be too high.

"I don't think at this point I can see a military option that would create an understandable outcome," ~The best thing I have heard/read all day!! The USA should stay out of that money pit, sandbox of drama. No money to ANY side. Equally abstaining from the Middle East, regardless of religion; Islam, Judeo, Coptic or Zoroastrian; WE DON'T WANT TO GIVE YOU OUR MONEY. Simple. It's not Fiscally Responsible. Israel is tough, they can take on the opposition. Remember Iraq 2.0 and the mess that was. Remember Rome.

Americans don't care. Thats the truth about America. Most Americans don't vote and cant even tell you whats going on in America. Where the home for the DUMBEST SOCIOTY in the world. Thats the truth.  America is not great anymore its just a place to live and try to survive. Americans work for less and live for free, so WHO CARES?Where a country of homosexuals, lesbians, minorities and lazy people.

We need to stay out of this #$%$. We are broke and our troops are tired of fighting in every country for the last 12 years.

Look stupid, we cant even get out of Afgannie and you all want to hint around that maybe just maybe ....Pentagon is full of dreamers.  Thanks for VN, thanks for WofMD.

point of correction dear sir "any weapons provided to these quasi rebel/terrorists WILL fall into the wrong hands". mexico is just next door and eric holder couldn't stop them weapons falling into the wrong hands how much more syria thats a world away. smarten up! best to let the sleeping dog (its a raging bull already) lie.

"He told reporters last month he thought it might help end the crisis more quickly and avert the collapse of government institutions."We were on ground in Iraq and could not stop the collapse of government institutions. We were able to quicken the overthrow of Gaddafi by supplying weapons to Islamist, it didn't stop the collapse of govt institutions either. These places are not the USA, we have almost zero understanding. But our ignorant leaders claim to know it all. Share guns and rockets to every unemployed thugs and islamists, that will get peace, won't it?Here is a suggestion, try and encourage peaceful transitions, dialogue. That way, the infrastructure remains intact, government institutions remain intact but the crooks at the top can slowly leave.I recall I wrote that into the wrong hands of weapons of mass destruction during &amp; after the 9/11 terrorists events, mentioning what would happen of these magnitudes weapons into the wrong hands where/were thousands or &amp; millions lives will/would be lost...,I can recall my stories of what was written to see how is being used, for their benefits.  It's ok, i shared my honest opinion of what i knew then and today;  We should impeach barack obama...

We should not involve ourselves in these things. If a country attacks us we should decimate it and leave it in ashes. No nation building. Very simple.

Your military acts like rebels in traing. What do you intend to do with your military in colombia that is running cocaine to bikers.

all of this talk about Syria and how there is no central opposition figure to organize the rebels, due to numerous factions of opposition... Any surprises??!?!?And why is it that the world condemns the Syrian government, and yet we still won't stand up for the Tibetans that are oppressed on a daily basis, which the Maoists executed hundreds of thousands in Lhasa after the Communist revolution? Or how about the persecution of the Dalai Lama and the Buddhist monks in China, where they are not even free to chose their own religious leaders? Or how about the Chinese government torturing political rivals, as well as imprisoning them? China STILL is trying to 'ethnically cleanse' the Tibetan people, and yet we still buy everything we can from them to save a buck... What a messed up world we live in. Maybe if Tibetans had oil, or some other valuble raw resource, we would find a way to save them

To know who the Syrian opposition is and what its goals, all you have to do is look at their dirty beards. Beards means moslem fundamentalists, dirty beards means moslem terrorists i.e. members of al-Qaida.

So someone is finally telling Obama to stop arming the FSA terrorists. ABOUT TIME!

They said the same thing when the #$%$ were over running Europe.

Let's do a head count, Russia, China, and Iran say they WILL attack us and a MILITARY Leader say's don't !!!  hmmm maybe a couple more and Kerry might get a clue.

So Barack Obama and his Administration are saying that it is more important to spend $750mm (just approved) on jets and tanks for the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas than it is to provide education for those young men and women whom he would send in to fight the massive war against non-Muslims he is currently fomenting in the Middle East. Make no mistake: that this is what is happening here.And it's not just our soldiers, it's an attack on the military itself. There is no better recruiting tool for armed forces than tuition assistance. "Every commercial, every brochure, has money for college written all over it … recruiting us into the Army and then taking away one of the main reasons we joined is a bit hypocritical....."

Finally some words of wisdom, but please stop all aid to these rebel groups.  don't let history repeat itself, as these rebels are likely to turn against us.I urge us to mind our own business!

We need to stay out of it.  If the rebels gain control then the Jewish and Christian population in Syria will be in extreme jeopardy.  If NATO wants to get involved, without us, let it.

I will listen to one military genera before thousands of politicinas in matters like this. politicians DO NOT know anything about war.

Will a politician please listen to this guy... HE KNOWS WHAT HE IS TALKING ABOUT

-99% of Syrian Rebels Are Islamic Extremists And Jihadist Terrorists  | CIA is deliberately funding and arming Jihadist terrorists to destabilize Syria For 2 Years.

No US Tax Dollars to al-quada

It seems the media disagrees with this general.

Well, at least he's a lot smarter then the rest of those politicians who just want to throw tax payer money into the fire. Hopefully they don't replace him with an idiot...

Hey LIAR owebuma, ARE YOU LISTENING? You screwed up in egypt and libya. NOW the military are telling you to BACK OFF!

Can we Please listen to the general, I think he knows a lot more than any civilian does(including Obama).General Martin Dumpster will do well to retire immediately and take advantage of generous retirement pay and VA benefits. He is washed out burned out soldier - not fit to advise the president of the United States about any security matters. His cautious approach is riskyby his refusal to deal a military blow to Iran and North Korea, putting the US in direct and immediate danger. Not to mention abandoning friends like Egypt under Mubarack and now abandoning Israel in favor of Arab Terrorists. Who is this general Martin Dumpster anyway ?

Do not give them Jack _ hit!!!!!!!!!!!!

We need to be carful, keep in mind we backed the Egyptian rebels and look what theat got us, and each of these countries have different values, religious beliefs and attitudes toward the US.  Best we just give them none weapons help, maybe tactical advise etc but no guns.  But at the same time we need a means by which we can get in and secure Syria chemical/biologcal facilities, Syria will have a much larger WMD (yes I said teh WMD word) capability then Iraq or anyother regional country.  Pakistian being the biggest threat becasue they actually have nuclear weapons.

if any one thinks the rebels are not getting arms from the west right now they are crazy..........there are many ways to feed a goat...........

"less clear understanding of Syria's opposition than it did last year"Serious lack of understanding never stopped the US before.MISSION  ACCOMPLISHED!!!!!

I would like to know if the present admin. would arm rebel freedom fighters if they were in this country fighting for freedom from our present govt?

Stay out of it. You're going to end up with another Islamic Republic no matter what we do.

Let the u.n. take care of them.........they are sooooo goooood at it......NOT.....LMFAO

need to work on a delivery method to infect this muslim filth with e bola.

AND NOW FOR SOME COMEDY.. . . it's so funny (only if one has a dark, sick, perverted, warped, twisted sense of humor) that America calls these anti-government Syrian forces rebels, or freedom fighters or heroes . . . but if such a grouping tries the exact same tactic against, say, Israel, they are immediately called TERRORISTS - have their assets frozen - are placed on terrorist registers and watch lists - if captured are whisked away to hidden torture facilities under so-called 'rendition' - are condemned in the UN - are held up as the worst kind of evil known to mankind - and are mocked by most of the 'decent' Americans on Yahoo.-------------------------------- ANYONE LAUGHING YET -------------------------------Muslims are killing each other why is this a problem.

The owebama's top boot licker wants more war for profit..........just like they did when gw baby liar fraud treason bush did. They all love high price gouging gas prices from it too.

don't trade anything.

How about this, We keep our noses out of the other countries and focus on out own!

The monied class will soon be calling for war. Wait and see. All the rest is just talk.

All while the CIA says we need to drone strike al Qaeda in Syria...go figure!

The best option for the United States is for this party to last about 12 years.

Pull troops and light that place up!

The rebels will eventually win abd they will be bitter towards us for not helping them we they needed us...by staying out of this conflict, we will be creating a new enemy in the Middle East.

Stay out of Syria altogether, they arent our ally and never will be!194 other coutries out there I am sure it is time for them to take the lead for once.

Finally a voice of reason! stay out of this quagmire!

This is how the American government tries to make friends,by handing out U.S. tax payer dollars!

The people who know say don't do it, but the moron Marxist want to throw us head long into another Arab war and cost us Trillions of dollars more.  Thats life in Obamaville people

The owebama has started more wars without CONgress approval than gw baby liar fraud treason bush did.

Amazing the article neglects to mention that people are being tortured.

The opposition terror rebels are now in brink of collapse.

The sad thing with them people is once armed by th U.S. they will automatically turn the same weapons toward the U.S. after defeating Bashar. We already seen that with Libya, Tunisia...

stay out of the trouble stop your interest don't waste the people money

Dempsey should shut his blowhole and stay out of sight and sound! No one asked for his opinion and America doesn't need it. American generals take their marching orders from the president -- if said person has been authorized by congress -- or from the congress itself. Dempsey is entitled to state his opinion, as a civilian. Otherwise, back in the ranks and shut up! We don't want to hear any Bantha Poo-Doo about Syria!i remember in iraq (Al Anbar province) back in 05 and 06/07, my unit was constantly detaining insurgents ,coming in from syria to kill americans. that being said, why are we even considering helping these rebels, knowing that many of them have american blood on their hands?

I'm sure obuma can find another 250M to give to the Syrian rebels.

The CIA currently has all it's agents operating in the Bahamas,Hawaii,and other dangerous areas of the world!

Do you prefer Assad,Iran's puppet boy,or Al-Qaida?  Evil,or evil?

How about we stay out of it and let the Syrians have fun in their Civil War!! I'll sit back and watch it on tv drinking beer and eating Cheetos naked on the beanbag chair!!

The cia-backed insurgents will not win as in libya.Iran, russia, korea, venezuela, china.....will use the necessary muscle to stop the aggressors from israel and ju-york.They have been waiting patiently. As our ju-s-a is bled dry by jjeewwz.

Amerivitz will never have friends in the arab world.....Since amerivitz is completely run by an aipac jjeeww regime.That aipac regime makes everydecision coming out of dc (drty corruption).Remember the dirty phoney elections of the past 50 years?Yep....aipac killed president ron paul twice ....through theircontrol of the media and the complete government.Can you remember a year when the black housechief of staff was not a jjeeww?Right!You weren't paying attention.That's the beauty of their strategy.And while you whites were sleeping through the recessionsand out-sourcing of everything,they slid the spanics in....un -noticed.They had the mossad-cia do the twin jjeeww towers toshock you into killing arabs....and stealing theirland and resources.Are you awake yet?

No troops.  US Navy can take care of this #$%$ in less than a day.  Cut 'em loose and its over.

I say we need to stay out of this civil war in Syria , No aid or arms for a rebel faction we dont need to get into another war in the middle east let them fight it out . we cant even fund our military or support our troops

This can be expected when you play the game of "No Rules or Rights".Al-Q rebels on one side, Baathist dictator backed by Hezbollah on the other.  Letting them kill each other seems like an outstanding plan.  Helping one side win seems fairly stupid.

There is no fire in the ME that is Not caused by Israeli Zalimist.

We have a major foreign policy failure since Obama became president.

The Syrian military has exterminated more Sunni Al-Qaeda jihad terrorists in a few months, than the US has in over a decade after 9/11 when they declared a "War On Terror" against Sunni Wahabbi Al-Qaeda

No to Syria.  We can throw billions, ammo, and human lives, but we will not change their culture.  If we go in, we will be treated as heros, only to have our men and women targetted months later.  Remember we help Bin Laden with the USSR.  Look how we were repaid.Retired Military

Why would any real American want to get involved in this mess. Dont you think you have had enough soldiers killed and wounded by muslim nuts that will never appreciate anything  you do for them. Let them kill themselves they are crazy and never to be trusted

The General has it right. Why are we even concerned about fundamentlists in this country when we are fighting them in Afghanistan. How stupid can we get.

When did Obama ever listen to anyone much less a General.

Through Suni allies? You are now more cautious in providing weapon but you welcome your allies providing weapon to Suni rebels.

No Fly Zone + List of Syria's World Wanted .... all it needsTerrorists supporting terrorists and recognising terrorists, what legitemacy have any of them? NONE

LMAO, someone 'elected' in a Istanbul to be pm of Syria? A different kind of comedy here.

This in an insult to intelligence of world community.The west can now "legitimate gov leaders"? LOL

washington think tank thats a joke right

yes do it do it in you lot go kill and die for this you know you what to You know you are going to the power that runs the USA says so yes israeli they what this YOU WILL DO IT

why don't we arm both sides?

Get out of the Middle-East!  Haven't we learned anything yet?  Slow learning curve, or just plain stupidity?  I vote for the latter.  They have been killing one another for centuries, let them continue.  Keep us out of this mess!

If Obama gets involved and OK's military support of Al Qaeda Terrorists, he should be impeached...and put on the list of War Criminals, like his predecessor Bush.

The only thing the world should do is ..leave Syria alone, the rightfull Government of Syria would clean the rebels-terrorists long time ago if not for certain countries supporting the terrorists...only crazy fools would get involved in that mess...

Arming Terrorist Rebel Insurgents will not save lives and wont make Syria a democratic country!Arm both sides, that should help in combating terrorism

I've seen hundreds of picture of baby's, children's, and mass murders were created by the Syrian Government military, they were awful. And I feel that we should do somethings about it now. We should act now to stop this madness murder. Yes, go to war.

The Syrian government is expected to send a voter safety team to the USA to make an anslysis of the problem with the unsafe way that candidates in the USA campaigne in the USA.It is expected that the Syrian government will raise the Syrian Government debt ceiling by a trillian dollars and will spend up to 15 billion equavalent value in USD a month (180 billion in equavalent to USD annually) of its country's tax revenue to send members of the Syrian Military - to include transportation costs, food and clothing for Syrian troops, and equipment - to the USA to stop the compaigne related threats on 47% of the people in the USA. The Syrian government announced today that it will ask its Parliament to raise the Syrian Government debt ceiling to fund the foreign aid and Syrian military presense in the USA.The USA is not expected to help with the cost of the Syrian military involvement, the US Military will not get involved, and after the campaigne election problem is resolved the Syrian Government has a plan to finance the rebuild of voter polls in the USA; and will train the US politicians as well as voters on how to their manage their anger and how to tell the truth when campaigning and voting in USA's public elections.More on this breaking news if it developes....

This is one of the promises of world peace.  That lamb and wofl would be living together in peace and a child would be guiding them.  When the top military general cannot make a decision and says proceed with caution, is the same as a child guiding the lamb and wolf.

Looks like the continuity through chaos crew are going to alow the chaos to continue and gain some continuity later.

How about spending the millions on our own citizens for a change, instead of helping people that eventually will turn against us?????

I'm confused, since the first gulf war in the 90s' we have been able to drop a bomb from high altitude into and air duct, we also probably have the best intelligence gathering in the world. So how do people like Saddam, Milosevic, Ghaddafi, and Assad survive so long?

So in Iraq there were WMDs that we never found (opaque) and we handed Iraq to Iran on a silver plate... Now, in Syria, (another opaque situation) it is unlikely that the regeim is slaughtering the civilians as EVERYONE sees on national televisions... #$%$ is wrong with our generals??!!

I want to make a statement being as noncommittal as possible. Maybe we want to help them but we don't want to be viewed as directly supplying them, but we don't want to offend anyone either.

Intelligent guy. But the question remains... how come 90% of people posting comments here in the last year knew that the mix of "rebels" in that conflict is too ugly to try and help them,while our "intelligence" agencies are still trying to find out who's who over there?Let their Arab friends help them. They have enough money to buy the weapon for the rebels.

Is the real deal to have unstable countries with fanatics in each so that we can invade later and not only have major govt control but also pro long the petro dollar..because if iraq,libya,iran ask for payment back by gold its a new world..

Let the filthy #$%$ slaughter each other

How can that card even be on the table? THERE ARE NO SIDES ! I wouldn't give either group, pack, mob or tribe some food, water, the time of day, or directions let alone weapons. Even if that country had anything worth trading (a sack of sand), I'd like to see the civilized world say " Sorry, but the way disrespect other humans, We just don't do business with sub-humans like you.

We don't have any friends in the Muslim world because we picked IsraelOver  1.7 billion people we keep getting attacked we are hated because of our policies   So we loose 1.7 billion consumersTo Europe and china

Ok don't arm them. Just get rid of Assad through air strikes. Everyone understands Assad has to go. No sense in letting this war grind it out causing more civilian deaths.

Israel will illegally bomb the Syrians fighting the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists that are ethnically cleansing, suicide bombing, maiming &amp; murdering Syrian Christians and other moderate muslims, but never the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists that our government &amp; media said did 9/11

I like how the military now allows gays, and Martin Dempsey declares himself the 'Top' General.  I wonder who the submissive bottoms are.

He is really saying "Stay out of it; don't arm our enemies" in bureaucratic parlance. Thank God we have one sane person in the Administration. Unfortunately, Obama minions are so eager to arm Al Queda, they will probably get rid of Dempsey.

I know what the Persians are saying now: with enemies like this Dempsey clown, who needs friends. Putin will wire the promised amount into your account tomorrow, nice doing business with you...The Gen.. looks  late in telling that there is any  military options in Syria ,,but  may do better in calling for a military coup or an impeachment for the people who provocked the situation ant created this mess... Yust re-run the videos and you will see a speach  in Yermany  by Barack Jussein to the Muslims,, and next Hillary in Egip supporting a revolt , the occupy protesters,,ect.like in Lybia and Egipt.... After that ,,was  the attack and the killing of the ambassador in Bengazi Lybia,,,next.. the situation in Egipt with the Brotherhood ...and over that the situation in Syria. It is  amazing how the Democrats leaders have bee reelected..after all of this....May be because the Gays and Latinos  dont care.about anything...

my nuts itch

Finally the west seems to realize they are supporting the wrong side. We should be assisting Assad in his battle against these rebel/terrorists even if the west does not get their puppet government. Let the Syrian people decide who leads them and the western governments  should quit supporting terrorism in Syria so they can get back to their peaceful environment as they had 2 years ago. Quit feeding western media followers propaganda like they always say that the Syrian government killed "PEACEFUL" protesters when in fact the terrorists were involved since day one.

General Martin Dempsey, chairman of the U.S. military's Joint Chiefs of Staff is rightI wish America has people like him in the past

Caution is the key word here, even if this conflict is going to drag on and on. There have been too many examples of the West arming groups who later turn on us. I am glad that someone is learning from history.

Freedom of speech is not allowed in yahoo jew media comments

The US,UN and NATO are unsuspectingly backing,supporting and training these non Syrian rebels and militants,to intentionally and purposely exterminate the Dictators in the Middle East and the world.YOU count how many have been systematically murdered in recent years.Countries being invaded and over thrown by foreign forces,rebels,militants and revelutionists,should be protected and helped by the so called United Nations,not threatened.