This is refreshing.  A traditionalist.

And thats okay.

What a compliment to those of us that still believe in the 10 commandments, That's a win

I respect his lack of Facebook and Twitter,,,He will have more important things than posting pictures of what he ate for lunch or his opinion of Justin Bieber...

This is a good thing.  A lot of this social media #$%$ is bad.

Good for him.  At least he will not be wandering around looking at a phone like 80% of the people in the US now do.

His first announcement was smoke signals. Kind of a giveaway.

Not on twatter.  I'm liking this man more and more with each article I read about him.

Facebook and Twitter is like being forced to watch reruns of Jerry Springer's Family Reunion show.  Caught two minutes of it on late night and thought it was CSPAN!

Not on "twitter".. "f/b" Why surprised ? only the self absorbed use social media 24/7

Hey, the guy has been in office just a few days.Facebook and Twitter are just one further sign of the dumbing-down of young people, not just in the US where the situation is beyond critical, but throughout the world. Get out and talk to REAL people, boys and girls. You might even enjoy it.

I don't know anything about the pope, but I can relate to a guy who doesn't use facebook or twitter. It's kind of like being sucked into watching hours of someone's vacation slides in the old days...!

Well duhhhh!!  Did you really think a 76 yr. old Argentenian would actually be on Twitter and Facebook?  lol.   I don't think so. Just hope he plans on a zero tolerance policy for all the pedophiles that have nearly brought the church to her knees.  That problem has to be corrected immediately.

We have seen how a lot of people get into trouble because of Facebook and twitter.  It is good he approaches this cautiously and with hesitation. I hope he travels and preaches to the masses he could attract millions.

He's more of a Morse Code kind of guy.

Good  for  you  pope francis  do not  get  caught  up in  the  social  nonsense   stay  strong   you  know  the  right  path.................

good iam 65 no cell no computer 2 black and white tvs out of 5 big butt tvs ,1986 auto .4 home telephones WITH CORDS on them .WENT TO A THRIFT STORE AND FOUND A transitor radio SILVERTONE ( SEARS and yes i shop at GRAND DAD STORE 4 all my auto needs and wants ) mailed the radio to 1 of my older low life brothers 4 XMAS gift and he cussed me out ( 69 ) . the pope needs nothing but GOD TO LEAD HIM AND HIS FLOCK IN THE CORRECT WAY THE LORD WANTS THEM TO GO . and i am a BLACK BAPTIST !

A Pope has a special communication with God which transcends tweets. Leave tweets to lackies because real work is done by hands on work, not gossiping the day away tweeting.

Really?  This is important?

Meanwhile in other news..... "South Africa cardinal says pedophilia not a crime"Good... he doesn't have ADD like the "everyone gets a medal" generation...

Good for him. Church isn't supposed to be this fun and exciting thing for you and your friends to do on a weekend.

He has a lot of responsibilities. It is not realistic to think that he could personally respond directly to 1.2 billion followers. Social media is often TMI anyway, and only really for people that have a lot of time on their hands. For the church he is cutting edge; not being from Europe. Say what you will about the institution, but, if it wasn't meeting a need, it wouldn't have been around for 2,000 years. I've always liked the wisdom of Saint Francis, so to have a Pope by that name is intriguing, and I'm not even Catholic.

He can't relate to the younger members of the catholic church. No wonder they are leaving the church!

How refreshing!

go figure,he must be a myspace kind of guy

He doesn't even understand condoms, you expect him to understand Twitter?

What is thec point?  So he doesn't tweet and has no Facebook. It makes him more human and not less poppan.

Why does he need to tweet " just finished talking to GOD he said its going to rain today"

So what .... I'm not on facebook or twitter either .....Very few intelligent people are.

Beliefs should not be politics

Social media is not what the good lord wants.

who needs it.

Pope Benedict XVI was more progressive, Now the news media will be mad and critical of Pope Francis !

Good for him,he does not have to reach out that way what he says will be put on the internet as is.

Well hey, most old people aren't so, no need to sweat it too much, old timer.

"Pope Francis has 1.2 billion followers in the Roman Catholic Church, but he's not following a single one of them on Facebook or Twitter."Smart man.  My respect for him just doubled.

He is smart. Less time monitoring his twitts and facebook posts, more times for his young boy toys

Sounds good to me, and I'm just a curious bystander.Hmm.. What do sheep expect when black smoke turns to white smoke. Tweets! That is what Cardinals should do.

Yes!!! I guess that means be @ mass to see whats going on...

God Save and Bless Our Pope

Well - he allowed many of his child parishioners to be kidnapped and killed and told his priests to be quiet so yeah he probably is not a maven of information.

Can't very well recruit young boys to rape via twitter, just prey on the them in mass and when found out reassign the pedophile priest to another parish. all these vatican pedophile look evil, not one of them exude anything holy, pure or even human. they look like a bunch of incubus male demons who prey on children.

We will kick your chinese #$%$!!!!!!!!

Just another Pedophile !