Berlusconi, it corruption in the first degree,he is the biggest reason for the collasped economy. He needs jailed for life. And a pervert too boot.

They dont need a new government they need mental help.

lame game of rock , paper ,scissor's .

As an Italian-American with a father who was born over there I have to say the Italians are bunch of commie jerks who never learn.

Age of the goddess seems to be coming back.Might have to rubntug to her almost perfect bewbies. Good for the prostate.

Speriamo bene! (let us hope for the best)

That"s because center-to-left is the best, by far. America has a center-to-left president and the far right, here, in America, keep calling him, and acting 'as if', he is a far-right or extremely-far-left.  Their loss, for sure.....America is, sadly, being sold the the highest and most 'least-good-intent'  bidders, in the meantime.

One would think that countries like Italy, Greece, Spain, Portugal, France, etc. that have failed and are on the verge of collapse would be getting rid of the left wing wackos and look to conservatives to RESTORE their country.  That is what is going to happen here next year, event he 47% have had enough of the democRATs and will be looking to the GOP to RESTORE America."My friends, we live in the greatest nation in the history of the world. I hope you'll join with me, as we change it."-- Hussein ObamaImpeach Hussein Obama now!Your fair share is not in my wallet!What does the truth matter - Hitlery.

Center Left? Either you are a centrist or you are a leftist. Make up your damn mind!

You will be SORRY!!!Have those pastafazool's EVER agreed on anything since the conclusion of WW II ?

In a true democracy like Italy and Israel, it is extremely difficult because they have so many parties and it becomes a juggling act. In a true democracy every citizen has a right to be represented and the government has a duty to represent everyone. Italy and Israel are true democracies and not dictatorship democracies., Unlike the US where you are either with one party or the other. I know that the American people are more diverse in their views then their two party political system can represent whereby their only purpose seems to be to have a turn at making the other guy look bad. It has nothing to do with creating a better country for the American people.

i love the comments on here im 2nd and third generation italian if you werent born there who cares what you think the italian people dont care what the us does they have there own issues ps i was born in cefalu

I wonder if they belong to the Jesuit Secret Society, like Pope Francis I...if so were in for real tough times.