No US tax dollars. Pretty soon we will be looking like that if we keep paying for every else's wars. Let them take care of themselves, keep our tax dollars and our military out of it. Stop all foreign aid while our politicians are talking about ruining social security and medicare.

Cival war between 2 sects of Muslims.1 Muslim sect hates another and don't want to be ruled by that sect. They are all Muslim and want Sharia law so let them kill each other on their own money.

looks just like destroyoit .

Still fighting after 2 years. Seems like nobody actually wants to win. Break out the big weapons if you really want to win. Massive destruction is the only thing, at this point, that will make either side surrender.

2 yrs ? they have been fighting 2000+ yrs.

If they can not solve their own problems and choose to kill each other let them and not send them our tax dollars by the billions and still have to pay high oil prices.

As of this week in the News! Iran is now helping the Syrian Government! Last week we gave Syria over $190 MILLION in Funds! Obama says we,re going BROKE but he needsMO-MONEY! Now you tell me.......................

At one time , those that rose up against a tyrant king were also known as rebels. Today they are known as patriots..!!!!

I wonder if they really knew what they were doing.

Oxymoron of the day:  Jihadi Freedom Fighters-- you can't fight for freedom while promoting tyranny.And rebels insist to finish it by fighting. It's rather obtuse. It took already two years and fight is still on Sunni land. Later will get even harder for rebels unless they are happy just to partition the country.

Just back the US tanker trucks up to the Keystone pipeline, buy from the Canadians and let the Muslims do what they do best...kill each other. Problem solved.

"Since the heady, early days of their uprising, . . ."This 'journalist' makes the beginning of the Syrian revolution sound like a decision laughing made. Lest we forget the revolution began with a peaceful protest, that government troop fired on leaving he people little recourse but to fight back as best they could. There was no 'headiness'  just terror they had been through ir before with Assad father. .

Since the "protestor" turned "insurgents" are mostly Sunnie and the Sunnie have the most barbaric form of Islam extreamism, I can't be sympthetic with the destruction they brot upon themselves.  Just feel a little compassion for the displaced nonpolitical entities who have lost so much.  Protestors did not give Assad's so called reforms time to work before they started the battle.  Neigher side in this particular conflict is in the right and neither has any moral ground to stand upon.

How can we help others when we are in debt?

You get the government you choose and like Syria sometimes people make bad choices.

Need to keep fighting at least another 2 or 3 years.  Eliminate some more of those of the Religion of Love and Peace.  Keep fighting and hating each other.  Keep your minds off of Anglos.

Not sure what the problem is with Syria besides the people need to be educated with some thing other than a Holy Book..    Like math, common sense..   At the VA this morning and the TV said,70,000 have died so far..        If they keep going...     Well, maybe some vagrants will move in....        We do not did to be there.  Let em kill themselves..   Like Iraq still.......           Send Reserves Units to war first?  Oh yeah, that makes a lot of sense...    War, you go all out or don't go..     They did good with that Desert Storm but stopped?

How about looking at Bengahzi where Americans were murdered.

Obama is a lying war lord, waging war on innocent people through covert means (his covert fingerprints are all over this story), that BUSH would have been hung for.Where's the condemnation of Obama, the baby killer?If these faux "freedom fighters" aka TERRORISTS, would get a job and stop killing their fellow citizens there would be NO excuse for BARAK HUSSEIN to give 60 million of our tax dollars to his Muslim Brotherhood!

How's that Arab Spring working for y'all?

Do the good guys wear white turbans ??  I am confused about who is the good guys and who are the bad guys.

was a jewish game about NWO---next move is Iran , Russia and China---Americans will fight for israHell till the mf last one---lolGod bless the PEACE lovers

How about a picture of America after couple years under this Effd up GOV.!!!  Yesterday they(yahoo) said 1 in 3 counties is dying and yet we keep giving $$ and aid to countries that do NOTHING for us!WHY ???????Why aren't you people upset about this? Why do you keep taking it? Under the guise of terrorism??  How foolish, there's how many billions of people in this country and every one thinks the "terrorist" are coming for you, Really ? Do any of you have a voice or opinion about how screwed up this(our economy and elected officials) is? Now they can go into our banking accounts because they want to see terrorist transactions. Really? How many terrorist are going use our banking system after all the #$%$ that has gone down? Drones and cameras everywhere under the guise of "terrorism" !! Constitution trampled on! So sick of that word!ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!!

"many Syrians feel a sense of abandonment".You can understand why the world has abandoned Syria.  Like so many other Muslim revolutions, rebels from Afghanistan, Iraq, Egypt and Bahrain, etc - they turn their hate toward the US and its allies as a Jihad War after the overthrow of their governments.Why should the west give assistance to Muslim countries when they know they will be the next target?

Sounds like the US shortly, obama won't win this one

Will Bashar Assad have a country he can rule without animosity and hate after this is all over? Or will the opposition be just as bad ruleing the country as Assad?

Looks like some of our own cities lets take care of the U S A...

well, i for one think we should suspend health services at home so we can pay to rebuild their  country...the thought of syrians living in the country they destroyed themselves just kills me.I fear this is what the USA will look like in a couple more years under the rule of the puke in the White House.

PEOPLE OF AMERICA , LOOK AT THE PICTURE LONG &amp; HARD &amp; READ THE FIRST PARAGRAPH &amp; OMIT ASSAD'S NAME &amp; REPLACE IT WITH OBAMA NAME &amp; THAT IS WHAT WE ARE LOOKING AT WITH OBAMA AT THE HELM IN THE U S A   .........

lets have a look at 4 years of the omamie conflict. if you way the two together, omamie conflict much scarier.

Solution to the mideast drama: Nuke it all, let it cool down and go in and drill through the glass that used to be sand and get the oil. Too bad it isn't that simple eh? Especially with the politicians involved. Run it like a business and all the problems will eventually go away.

The Friends Of Syria Wordpress videos and pictures from inside Syria are much better.  They have videos of the sunni Al-Qaeda terrorists getting exterminated by Syrian patriots &amp; military.

Too bad they don't have nuclear warheads, then they could kill everybody other there