can't believe this news article didn''t state raila odinga is obamas cousin!!!!!! scary, why are they hiding this? type in your browser obamas cousin odinga and that he attacked kenyatta after 2005 election

obama to issue executive order

What a waste of time and money, these people are!

Tell us more about King David and the TRUTH about slavery !

Why drop the charges? He said he will cooperate, remember?

Is Kenyatta from Chicago?He's got all the moves of Obama, Jackson JR and Raul Emanuel.

The papers said at the time that when Odinga, a Luo, lost the election he told his tribe to attack their 'enemy' tribe, the Kukuya (the tribe of the winner). About 1000  of their deaths later, he was made PM in exchange for telling them to stop. Apparently in retaliation, some Luo were killed by some kikuyu, or others, as well. The response of the courts was NO accusations of ANY Luo, but ALL was blamed on 2 kikuyu- one being Kenyatta. Amazing that they happened to be the most likely to run next - what a coincidence, huh?

When is the ICC going prosecute Bush, Blair, Sarkozy, Obama, Cameron, Hollande, Netanyahu, King Saud, and many more war criminals for war crimes and crimes against humanity instead of only prosecuting African leaders?

Won't hear much by MSM against/facts of Odinga (BBC admitted his platform is to turn Kenya to a terrorist sanctuary after having it go shariah- already accomplished with OUR taxmoney ) because Obama stumped for and led in fundraising. Check Odinga Obama.

What's with all the Kenya news?Obozo dropped the soap

Kenyatta's case will crumble too as it was all based on hearsay. The real perpetrators of the violence that rocked Kenya in 2007 are still scotch free, the two main ones being Raila Odinga and Mwai Kibaki.

Gee, I hope an excited titter runs through the court.

I didn't realize there was any laws in Africa.

"..decision of a key witness to recant testimony forced her to drop charges against Muthaura"Cry Africa!One can just only imagine what made his/her change stories?

The hague, knows who is behind all these crimes, he is now in nairobi court with supporters, fermanting chaos, yelling at judges, being teargased,, While City dwellers,fed up,, are doing their bizzness!!

Obamas kin folks.

Do you ever notice how there is never a positive story with Black people involved?

kenyatta is my president and we kenyans know what happenned.....why was raila odinga left out and give his goons order to make kenya ungovernable

Amazing the prosecutor accused Kenyatta and Muthaura  with the same charges,that they planned,funded and raped women,during post election chaos in 20007,but the story is more intresting that she has no enough evedence against Muthaura but she has for Uhuru,we were together planning and funding,miss Bensouda,be more carefull,or do again your investigation,yahoo should tell us more about Obama and ICC,may God bless kenyaThere is no tangible evidence against Uhuru Kenyatta. The ICC continues to be a joke!

Its good that true thinking people are posting positive comments on here based on facts but as usual there are un-informed people posting comments on here that know very little about the facts. Kenya is a great country with fantastic people, I should know as I live in Kenya with a beautiful Kenyan wife. I am Scottish and I feel safer here than I did in parts of the UK, I feel safer here than in America. Sp before you criticise Kenya or its people live the life

Only God knows how much we wish that our president elect's case at icc will b dropped,the two generals behind the 2007/08 violence were ondinga and kibaki.

ICC is indeed a partial court and has outlived it's usefulness, they will never deliver justice, instead due to their partial investigations and trials, they are becoming the masters of impunity and injustice in the world.

As an international lawyer, I can assure you that Kenyatta's case is over. It was solely based on the testimony of one witness, who has changed his story numerous times, and has now recanted it and admitted to receiving bribes. Why should it even proceed? This court is very political. It was being used by the British and Obama to stop Uhuru from ascending to presidency, so that Obama's distant relative Odinga could be Kenya's president, but it seems Kenyans have independent minds.

Odinga stated to the BBC that he is obamas 1st cousin.go to Wikapedia and read about it it is shady.What are you hideing Obama?

The Kenyan Tribal politics are too complex for non Kenyans to understand.  The  Kenyan elections like the violence Kenyatta is charged with are won on Tribe - not on the best leader for Kenya.  Similar to political violence based on tribe where members of every tribe are killed but only tribes  able to publicise their death are heard while the death of  other tribes with no media influence adds to the statistics claimed by the influential tribe.When Raila goes to court on behalf of "Kenyan democracy " he is placing Tribal political Impunity on trial.

Raila Odinga of Kenya got so envious of Uhuru Kenyatta (of Kenya too) because the later has a case at the ICC in Hague. Now Odinga has launched his own case in Nairobi. Unfortunately for him, he has not come up with anything International-worthy. poor guy!

All african politics and positions, are guilty of murder and corruption, ALL EVERY ONE OF THEM !

It's time to start punishing Africa's political trouble makers who tend to fuel violent protests after elections or in time of peace. Also, lawlessness among the rich in Africa is a big problem. I wonder why Bashir, Sudan's president, is still loose out there as a free man.I wonder if the so called charges against Kenyatta were a set up in the run to the voting in Kenya for presidency ?, then witnesses retracting their statements citing that they had either been bribed or blackmailed to make their false statements ?, I wonder if this prosecutor is of Kenyan blood and if so what is her tribal roots ?, I wonder if Obama is pushing buttons to assist his cousin Odinga ?.

Looking at all the facts I believe that the ICC is going after the wrong man as it should be Odinga that is up on charges as he is the one who told his supporters to protest which started all the troubles, just look at the clips on You Tube and you can plainly see what trouble they caused so its only natural that Kenyatta,s fellow tribesmen will retaliate in self defence.

call your boy Obama..............he's a citizen im sure.............

The ICC is the court for Africans leaders who do want to see their continent get rob again. the Court is also for poor white eastern European countries.

We already got to the witness in my buddies trial so if it is the same witness...

Obama is behind all of this, as a Kenyan who hates and wants to destroy America, he's plotting to turn the US into Kenya with his Lord and Master, Satin.

Fatou Bensoula has no dignity.