until the law abiding citizens start reporting and testifying against the gangs nothing will change ...

As an 8 year 'veteran' of Chicago, let me tell you this article is only the tip of the iceberg. The South Side is a war zone along with the inner-city. It's so bad that there are actually police cameras atop powerline poles throughout the areas. It is a he-ll on Earth. It is a destitute, poverty-stricken nightmare. And it's only getting worse.

)-;  I hope the person who did this is not only caught, but is haunted for every remaining breath they take, and even in death.

All law abiding African Americans that live in these gangbanger infested war zone neighborhoods need to "man-up" and turn in these criminals. Work with city, state and federal law enforcement to rid your city of Chicago of this trash. Do it now before YOU become the next victim.

Hey Jessie, how come you are always so silent on these issues?

I am truly sorry about the death of an innocent little child.  But...doesn't Chicago have one of the most stringent collection of gun control laws of any major city in America?  Why is this happening?

Don't have children with gang members

Why is this in the Science section?

And next week it will be another story much like this one.

Anti-gang rally. It's about time Chicago. You finally woke up.  Better than anti-gun rally. Blame the criminals that do the crimes not the gun. You also need to add anti-gangbanger rally and anti-drug dealer rally as well.Rev. Jesse, Big AL and the ACLU  where are you ???????????

Keep these animals in jail, why must we have felons be arrested 6,7 even 8 times before they realize they can't be fixed? We know that an average criminal gets away with 3-4 crimes before being caught..thats at least 3-4 victims....every time.  Arrest gang-bangers, enact stop and frisk, build more jails, let victimless criminals out. Stop glorifying Rap music  (it should be outlawed), keep your children from listening to this crap, pull up your damn pants...my grandfather had a very good piece of advice for us..."Dress like you want to be treated"

Gang members are cowards, they shoot and run.  I once asked a professor why these people weren't sent to fight in an actual military battle.  I was told, that these fools lack discipline and would not obey orders and that would be a problem on the battlefield.

The baby paid for her fathers gang association with her life, I have no sympathy for either of the PARENTS,

You can't get a background check from gangs who obtain guns illegally.

Gangs are a joke...Real pro's don't shoot babies or anyone else just their target that they are paid for.

A while ago they closed down the section 8 housing in Chicago and moved it to the suburbs.  Now we have gang violence in pockets throughout the burbs.  These people will never change no matter what opportunities they have.

While this child's death is heartbreaking......the gun didn't do the shooting, the gangbanger did.  Bet that gun wasn't legal and he broke a bunch of those gun control laws.  Until the gang issue is addressed, this will continue to be the norm.

This is your race, your people, your culture, your hood,  your family way of life, your morals, your, your, your ..... problem! You created .... you fix it. Stop blaming the gov't, society and stop making yourselves victims.

This isn't the first or last dead baby in Chicago.  There will be no "catalyst" for an end to gang violence.  These people simply will not right themselves....ever.The Socialist Democrat Thugs that run that dump are more concerned about enriching themselves than doing anything about gangs...

one day vigilantes will take care of the mess, for that is what it will take, you got to get ugly to destroy ugly

Well something needs to be done about gang violence but gun control is not the way.Gun control does nothing but hurt the law abiding citizens because the criminal element will find ways around the laws .

**Gun permit ?~~ `NO`~~~ *Background check ?~~NO" ........So Sad ,about the little girl  ;

the black community are the only ones that can fix this . take responsiblity for your own community hold each other responsible. stop waiting on someone else to fix or save you from the problem .....................................................

Execute every gang member every time they murder, regardless of the circumstances of the situation. Call it a form of 'gun control'.

I see those strict gun control laws are working out just swell.

Guns are not the problem it is these gangs but the police do not help .Look how afraid they were when Dorner was on loose he was one .Gangs are many ,they need to sweep those nieghbor hoods and clean them out like they were roaches.

Forget gun control.....these people need self control.

Chicago is the new Detroit.we can send our young people over seas to war but we cant stop the gangs or illegals right here in the USA now why is that ?

I've heard this song &amp; dance about "change" for a long time.  That is the inner-city culture ... a cycle of drugs &amp; violence.  Quite frankly, I don't care b/c the people in these areas don't care.  They will preach about change, but when it comes down to it they'll keep their code of silence and their anti-police attitudes.

My condolences for the loss of the baby.  A bit of advice, fix your culture then you can fix your problems with violence.  Please move as a group away from dependance on the government, they have not helped you and have been enslaving you since the sixties.

The only "good" gang member is a DEAD gang member..... Ask your lawmakers to Legalize Gang Member, Drug Dealer and Pimp Hunting Seasons with no limits on kills and cash rewards for leaders!

More blacks are killed by other blacks in a single year in the US than were ever killed by whites from the end of the civil war until today. Don't believe me, research it yourself.

I wonder if the president will speak to this, or if jesse or al will show up.  Well, it's not a racially charged event, so that doesn't matter to them obviously.

The US is discussing war in Syria while it has its own war on the innocent right in President Obama's old stomping grounds. . . what's wrong with this picture?

50 years of welfare has ruined the people in these communities.

Where Jesse at ?  Where Al at ? Where Pfleger at ? No profound words of condemnation for gang bangers   HYPOCRITES ALL.

Baboons and bean chimps just being typical baboons and bean chimps!Crying at the funeral of a murdered baby does no good if you automatically go back in to 'I didn't see anything' mode.

give back the law biding citizen firearms in chicago and watch how quick a lot of thi #$%$ stops

I can't help but think this little one would have died before her time even if she managed to live thru this shooting spree.  The little one's father was the target...  think of how one must live to be a target by a drug driven gang.  She didn't have a chance from the get go.  So sad.

wasn't obama a community organizer there awhile back? he's making America chicago in the macro.

No one is going to testify for fear of retaliation and of course the so called no snitch law...and I scream at the top of my lungs...THIS WAS A 6 MONTH OLD BABY....My GOD this city is full of criminals who needs to be wiped out with an assault rifle...too bad the Tommy gun wasn't still in style for it would have brought all these murderers to their knees....Gang Members are murderers who doesn't give a damn about the life of another human being.....

Unfortunately the media and progressive leaders dont consider gang terrorism that is destroying urban neighborhoods an area focus. There is more to be gained politicllay by going after wealthy white men.

I have no sympathy for the parents. They chose their lifestyle and that baby had no chance because of it. Run with dogs catch fleas. This is the kind of incident and the fact that this type of violence is spreading, that made us leave Chicago where my husband lived all his life, for quite, clean, friendly North Dakota.

I wish this would be a catalyst for change...but by this weekend the ghetto savages will once again be killing each other like rabid animals.

Until a community stops accepting a lifestye of thuggery and entitlement,It will continue to suffer the same ugly circumstances.Outside influence will only lead to the problem being hidden and covered up.Admit the problem and be willing to change.

Ms. Diane Feinstein.....please take note.  I am sure the gun was illegal, there is a gun ban there, and the father is purported to be in a gang.  Now, which part of that do you need me to explain to you about "gun control"?Ghetto culture and gang mentality only lead to jail or death. Either way it's a waste of life.

Hurrah!  Finally a shooting that resulted in an anti-gang and anti-violence rally instead of an anti-gun rally.

Good ole Chicago, Obama's home place, where's there's the strictest gun ban...good example...GOOD ONE!

Ban gangs and you've solved the problem of gun violence in the US.

sad for the child...poetic justice for the father...too bad

Black folks have to wake up to the fact that white folks are not thier enemy and love them. Obama is not thier friend. Fool me once, but fool me twice....

where is the NAACP, Jessie Jackson, Al Sharpton? They should be out blasting this violence.

Chicago, the liberal utopia, democrats tell you will make the nation a better place. Gangs get guns, law abiding citizens get a whistle.

This should be the top story on YAHOO. Not Anderson Cooper is proud to be gay and Lindsay Lohan is going back to rehab.

The PEOPLE allowed this to happen themselves,they need to take back the streets any way they can,PERIODWait! Stop the presses! Finally someone in Chit City is saying they have a Gang Problem? For the last year. It was a gun problem. Please make up your minds. God Bless the Parents. I cannot imagine what they must be going through.

Where is Obama////////////////////////////?  and the no hand gun law for Chicago---All the laws are no help when gang bangers roam like wild dogs.

Liberal judges hand out liberal sentences - - chicago needs to elect some judges that will hang the killers.

Odd how major cities in the US are more worried about Big Gulps and trans fats than they are about gangs...

What good does shooting someone to death, in retaliation, do?  What did the shooter accomplish?  What did the shooter change about their situation?  Pointing and shooting a gun at someone, and killing them, does not solve problems - it only makes them worse.

Chicago, the Great Liberal experiment!

This is a problem of a lack of a positive male in the African American society combined with the welfare state that Ieads to a societal breakdown.  Instead of gun control the government should insist that if you have a child you cannot afford or raise then the mother and father become wards do the fed and are sent together with their child to work wherever needed.  No free payments etc...

How about that Rahm Emmanuel's "gun free" Chicago?  How's that working out for ya?  "No arrests made".  Why?  Chicago Police can't find a gang member in that city anywhere?  C'mon!  Haul in the 20,000+ they have in that city, and chances are, you'll find the shooter of this child.

The children of today will pay the debt of their father's sins of yesterday.....

meanwhile, rahm emanuel is busy implementing MORE anti-gun measures to help make up for all the other strict gun laws which aren't being followed. America, this is a prime example of ideology at any cost. For anyone with common sense it's apparent that gang bangers and other common criminals don't care about laws, that is reality. If they are willing to murder do you really think they give a #$%$ about strict gun laws? The murder rate in chicago would suggest a big NOChicago is a sad place right now. No longer can you protect your kids from gangs by arming yourself, you now have to depend on a corrupt Chicago police system, who Rahm has pulled out of the gang ridden neighborhoods. Chicago doesn't have a chance, until the citizens stand up to the gangs.

Condolences to the family and grandparents. It's so sad.

This was a brutal thing to happen without reasoning. The shooter is a coward with no concience to speak of,  How could he live with this.

Where are the racist Sharpton and Jackson?? Black on black crime doesn't matter to them, only white on black...turds..

Media wont list their race and criticize their whole race because of "colored privilege" Double standards = colored privilege.

This never should have happened .the people know these gang members and where they hang out at but do nothing about it.Until people get the guts to take their city's  and towns back nothing will change.

Wouldn't it be great if the government "fenced off" Chicago and they killed off each other till nobody was left--end of problems with Chicago!!!

If the Anti Second Amendment groups get their way the mutts that murdered the baby will be the only people with weapons.

This anti gang rant won't go any further than that funeral.  Most of the people at the funeral were probably gang affilitated.  Talk is cheap.  Ranting is easy.  When are they going to stand up and change themselves?  Get off of welfare, get off of public assistance, stand on your own two feet and carry yourself.  Quit depending on assistance to live.  Quit listening to people like sharpton, jackson, mfume, and other race baiters that you are being held back.  As long as they keep you in their chains, you will always be a slave.

Its so much easier to blame someone else than yourself.  This beautiful child was murdered for no reason... God Bless this child, but I fear the lesson has already been forgotten,and as yellow hair said, they will be killing each other by the weekend.More grand stand politics on the death of a child. Maybe instead of waiting for something to happen....maybe cities should take some initiative before a tragety strikes.

needing to join a gang is a sign of weakness ,,it shows you can't go it alone

hate to say it, but let em kill each other off.  get rid of the roaches and maybe decent folks can live a normal life in peace

As if this will change anything. Look for payback in next week's news.

This is black culture in a nut shell.  Blacks are a cursed cancer in our society. I know the truth will offend some of you but until we admit it and address it Nothing will change.

I support Anti-Gang before I support Gun Control!!.  If you are going to use drones, fly them around and find their hangouts then send swat in.  Myself I think they should have a gang fight with Delta Force if they are so tough and think they own the city!!!

Common sense from Chicago finally... ban gangs and criminal behavior, not law-abiding folk's owning of guns.

Why after 30 years of the Democrats "helping" these inner city folks with handouts and other government programs do they still vote in these "slave" owners who only care about themselves and not these people...

How can that be? It is unlawful to carry a handgun in Chicago.

What kind of future did she have with a parent in a gang?The New America:  where violent drug dealing illegal alien anti-society gang bangers are equal lin social status to every other culture and are entitled the exact same rights afforded to all. It's the way you want it liberals, Deal with it.

All of these gang members vote Democratic and come from Democratic-voting families.  To deny that is to lie.  Ironic, isn't it?

The person who shot this baby had one thing in mind: shoot the gangster father with two other children out of wedlock, miss or not. They mean business in Chicago when it comes to gangs. They control the streets, not the cops. They will kill anyone who is a rival gang member and this numbskull of a so called "father" would not have taken a six month old to park on a known street-gang-drug infested corner. He has a rap sheet as long as a roll of toilet paper. He couldn't really cooperate with the police, and probably won't. Because they will kill his relatives. It's the code of silence. If you walk out the door to get to your car and see 10 gang bangers shooting each other, the code is: if you call the cops, you're dead. That's the mentality there. I feel so sorry for that angel that is now all of our angel(s), but the truth is, her dad is a big coward. Biggest coward and not deserving of being called a father. What six month old is sitting on a drug related corner in her father's lap with his best interest in mind? No real father takes a 6 month old anywhere, They have sleep and eat schedules. Rant, march, hold up signs, NOT gonna do any of you people any good until you even get the courage to call the emergency anonymous hotline number they set up in Chicago for you to report crime or trips. You people are so afraid of your own shadows, That baby's death is in vain because grown-up parents won't turn their own gang-banging kids in. They lack courage and morals. The jail is now 96% full and it's only March. They cut off their monitoring ankle bracelets. You parents allow them to live with you, and don't report that for their sake, society's sake and their sake. Cry us a river. There will be probably 200 underage kids killed this summer because YOU parents lack responsibility. You enjoy the things they steal, and oh well, whether it's money for dope or booze or food, it's ok "as long as JR brings home the bacon!" Quit having babies - especially if you can't bury them at 6 months - what did you want that 6 month to do with a rap-sheet dad and a mom who worked minimum wage? Send her to college? Quit having human beings YOU can't afford to even bury. And the rap-sheet father - is that gang message or your 4th grade level of reading on the back of your T-Shirt? "Daddy love you". It should have read, "Daddy LOVES you". Stupid. Better yet, "Daddy is soo sorry for putting you in this condition". Love, Gang-Member-Rap-Sheet Dad with two other out of wedlock kids.

for god's sake....if you're involved in gang activities, please....don't have kids!

But if you take Guns away from the citizens and make them illegal, this will ALL STOP Right?Because everyone knows that Gang members follow the LAW. It's very sad that the bullet it the baby and not the Dad. "The Dad suspected of being a gang member"? That's the price the family pays when your a P.O.S.

Hey Chicago how are your gun control laws working.

As long as their are women who agree to sleep with and have children with gang bangers, that criminal element will never go away.   It's time for the women to stand up and demand better behavior from the men in their community.

What white neighborhoods are people scared to walk through?

Half the people at the funeral are in a gang, and the other half are directly related to gang members.

Gun Control is and should be mandatory that every law abiding sane citizen have at least one loaded and ready for these criminals. Call 911,  cops come to clean up the crime after it's already committed.Bet this article would of not made front page if the punk had better aimand killed the dad instead of the kid.I know someone of you are going to dislike the comment but it is the truth.

Until parents recognize their duty as parents, and start from day one with discipline,  their kids will continue to be killers on the streets of America.

Black on Black crime in this country is a Genocide. And they say us white's are racist.

Is it just me?   Does anybody else see the same problem?  GANGS!   Why aren't the politicians going after the gangs instead of the law abiding citizens?

I'll bet it wasn't an AR-15!!

As a parent I truly feel sorry for the loss this family has gone through.  The gang culture in this country is directly due to breakdown of the traditional family.  A child needs two parents who are actively participating in the childs upbringing if they are to have any chance of a decent life.

Police Stop and Frisk? Oh, that is unconstitutional and racist. Can't have that. Much better to have over 500 funerals a year of mostly innocent black people. That is the Obama and the Liberal mentality.

Only way you going to get control of the gang violence is putting forthharder punishment for law breakers and no plea deals for informationwhen the criminal is just going to break the laws latter in the week.You can't cure stupid with lite sentences.

How does that person who shot the kid sleep at night knowing he killed a infant?  He should turn his self in for the good of humanity.

Gun laws do not stop gang gun violence.  Laws that deal with gangs and are ENFORCED deal with gang gun violence.  Passing laws that go after legal gun owners is nothing more than a side show to make people think the politicians are actually doing something while in reality they continue to duck the tough problems of dealing with violent gangs and the mentally unstable.PEOPLE can only do to you what you allow them to ....Arm yourself and take your city back from the killers and criminals !!

Another sign : "A mother's husband should should not be a gang banger".

Chicago's strong anti-gun laws have made it easier for gangs to make money selling guns to criminals and has done very little to curb gun violence. Criminals and gangs do not care about laws. The only thing accomplished by outlawing guns is to leave the law abiding citizens defenseless against criminals and the government.

Ghetto land....who would choose to live in that area?  Get out, you can if you really wanted to.

I hope this will serve as a wakeup call to the blacks to turn their lives around. Nobody owe you anything to make a success of your life it is a choice that comes from you and living and acting without regard for your life is such a shame. Other blacks come from all part of the world and make a success of their lives all we do is turn ourselves into drug instruments and then turn around and use it to inflict more pain on each other. We no longer value life but our drugs have become our “gods”. We have no excuse for not making a success of our lives for we have a lot of positive role models that we can learn to emulate. Nobody thought America will have a black president but they did why can’t we use our intelligence for something positive. This innocent angel would have be saved if better choices have been made but we chose to stand by drugs rather than life, what a shame. To the coward that took this innocent angel’s life may you never find peace until you make a change. It is high time those who claim they are community leaders put the house in order you can’t be claiming some else is responsible for your woes when your house is not in order, let the Rev. Shapiro and others do what they should be doing and leave the noise about racism alone, for now. The blacks have become the architect of their downfall and the ridicule of the other American people due to their gang banging and drug wars.

Father may be just as guilty as the shooter of killing his child. "When we live by the sword, we die by the sword." At times the innocent and children get caught in  up in the crossfire. SAD! When an Innocent  child have to pay the price for the sins of their parent or parents.

My sympathy goes out to the family of the child killed for no reason. Until the government goes after the true root cause of these killing they will continue. When will we make a real attempt to put these gangs out of business?

Fighting among gangs has claimed a mounting toll of lives in some predominantly African-American and Hispanic neighborhoods.NO WAY THIS CAN BE POSSIBLE! These are peace loving...oh wait, wrong culture.

Mr. president this is your neighborhood. Is this what you coordinated? Why are you not working on this problem. I don't care who the parents are. How can you kill an innocent baby of your own or anyone elses culture? Until gangs and drugs are curtailed there will never be a safe place to live.Anyone that kills a child should be put to death. They would quit shooting real quick. There is no deterent to crime anymore. This falls on the shoulders of our bleeding hearts public. Innocent people might be put to death. Who cares about this gorgeous innocent baby who was put to death.

with the highest gun control in the country , explain 532 murders in the last year you idiots.Another child pays for the filth that has taken over Chicago , and sadly many more stories like this will read.  I wish there was a quick fix to this gang problem !

The people could rid their city if they stuck together. If they TRULY wanted too.

Screw change. You want to stop the gangs? Declare open season.

and another Black on Black baby Thing....There Not People There Slugs....and it wont endbecuse  Obama Gives them Stuff...they Don't Have to work...Free Stuff and a life of Drugs and gang banging......And the Black's Think the Demorats Are there Friend's.......

Poor little girl probably would have wound up with a man like her father anyway.

Why not treat all gang members as terrorist.

and the gang violence will not end. They are all screaming for crack downs on the gangs but as soon as the police do  the same "outraged " citizens of Chicago  scream racial profiling , and discrimination. Sad but true.

The blacks in Chicago will be outraged for the next five minutes and that will be it, until the next kid is senselessly killed.

Democrats produce slums and misery in places like chicago, detroit, philly. And the stupid citizens just lap it up, and come back for more.

Yeah, why don't the media and our so-called 'leaders' talk about just who it is that is doing all this stuff?  Never a peep.  Cowed?  Or conniving?I have a great idea on this one.  Lets take about 1000 to 1500 acres of land on a military installation someplace out in the middle of no where, take rival gangs and put each one at opposite ends of the land, give the all the guns and bullets they want and tell them have at it.Then the last gang member standing we shoot.  End of gang problems, shootings, violence, the talk of taking away of constitutional rights to bear arms.

people need the Lord.

Send the army after the gangs.

"MAY have been affillated with a gang".........gee, do you think????  Anyone affillated with a gang has no one but themselves to blame when they have to bury their six month old child and they do not have my sympathy.  According to earlier reports, this SAME BABY was almost killed when her mother was shot in the knee(s) while pregnant with her........Another few inches and this baby and probably her mom would both have been dead.  What's the chances of both a mother and a father being shot in six months time if they aren't doing something to attract trouble?????  And where were the Obama's?  Maybe they should go to the funeral and instead of telling us what to eat and what to do, they could speak to their own people about acting like they have some sense and quit shooting each other.....where's Jesse and Al???

Give it a week to clear the news and it will be back to killing as usual.

If these people who claim to want to live a peaceful life would go out and wipe out the gang's.Guess what tomorrow would be a great day in the hood.

Surely this can't be so.  They have a gun ban in Chicago!  Those poor people; those guns go in to hiding and sneak out and shoot people.  My guns always seem to behave themselves.  Apparently guns in Chicago are mixing with the wrong crowd.

Many gangs are composed of illegals. Obummer wants them to stay..............

Yeah, they need to stop gang culture...maybe the father shouldn't have been involved with gangs?  Nah, better blame whitey for not giving them enough money.

What has not Barack done anything about it? Go into the gang cities and shake the dudes down. and take thier guns...oh...that's racist. I forgot.What is the racist Al Shrapton and Jessie Jackson doing about it?While it is truly the ultimate pain for ANY parent to bury a child-this is NOT just a problem-it is the RESULT of a problem. SOMEONE knows who commited this crime. The slaughter won't stop until that SOMEONE comes forward with what they know-otherwise they're just a PART of the problem that enables it to continue.

Majority black communities in Chicago need martial law.

Time to bring in the National Guard.  By all reports CPD avoids these danger zones wanting to let the gangs take each out.   The problem is these gangs are taking out innocent children, the elderly and just plain innocent bystanders.The welfare to work programs do NOT work in these isolated, gang ruled, inner city neighborhoods.  We nee the neighborhoods themselves to stop forward with plans on how to turn things around with military intervention if necessary.WHERE are all the people that grew up in these neighborhoods and "made good"?  Why aren't they at least offering suggestions on what might work to turn things around.  All the old welfare to work programs designed by middleclass  white women like me do NOT work, SO CHICAGO you tell us WHAT WILL?

I am not at all surprised that gang violence is a daily occurance in duh hood, or that the shooters are so doped up that they miss, or that their children routinely become victims of trigger-happy groids. The fact that this baby had a father makes the news.

A black father ? Now there's a rarity !

blacks killing blacks is not good business for jessie, al or barrack...

Gang Violence ...Thought it was just GUN violence.  Nice to see the blame being put on the CRIMINALS..... for a change.  "Stop the gun violence"   .... No... STOP THE GANGS AND THEIR VIOLENCE.

Street punks ...

Where are Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton? How come they are not in Chicago marching about all the violence there. No, because it is black against black. Racists that they are, they would have been there if it had been a white person doing the shooting.

Tragic.  It's time to get to the core of the problem.  It's time for honesty.If someone knows who did this and does not have the guts to anonymously give a tip to a police officer, then certainly the hottest places in hell are reserved for those of you that have no conscience. What a tragedy!

Finally, we acknowledge that there's a gang problem, not a gun problem...

why are they not taught what birth control is for?...Why do this to innocent children?

Yada,Yada,Yada...The gangs will be back on the corner tomorrow and the killings will Never cease there. It`s a Lost Cause. Black Culture at it`s best or they would do something to change it.

Rahm Emmanuel and the city cops are all on the take and dont have the ballz to cleanup the city.

As I said many times, Culture is the problem and gun control will not change culture. Culture is changed in the home where children learn basic values and establish thier gut responce to adversity.

look who you have as a mayor. Nothing will change

Gang members should not have children, they don't have enough working brain cells to procreate.

Chicago - City with one of the strictest gun control laws in the nation.  How is that working out for ya?

Karma doesn't always find you, sometimes it finds the people you love.Well Daddy...you may want to rethink your life style. because now your beautiful baby has NO life style to rethink.  What the H-llo do these people think is going to happen if they get rapped up into some "gang"?  And do you really think the shooter is going  to feel any remorse????  This makes me sick!  You adults be stupid if you have too, but for the love of God, protect the children!

Look around, wherever you are, and it doesn't take long to see how prevalent the ghetto mentality is....people disrespecting others, mad-dogging others......too bad the violence won't stop, no matter how young or innocent the victim(s) might be....

And yet, how unwelcome are the police in these neighborhoods. My neighborhood has no significant crime problem and the police are welcomed here. Do you suppose there is a connection between crime ridden neighborhoods and their willingness or lack thereof to embrace their local police.

This cowardly low life gang banger very clearly used this baby as a shield. They should all be exterminated like bugs.

As usual, gang members are cowards who hide behind numbers and weapons.

Hard to believe something like this could have happened with such strict gun control Chicago has in place.

Is hard to loose your son, but how harder will it be for this father that knows that the bullet was intended to him because of His Gang Affiliation?  The City of Chicago haven't been able to control this, along with many other Gun Control violence, but instead of Enforcing their present laws the Mandate other unnecessary laws such as their Anti-Gun Legislation.They have missed the fact, just as Senator Feinstein that these CRIMINALS Can Care Less For any further Anti-Gun Laws, because They Don't Follow Any Laws, Period.

Gangs have no remorse, no regard for another persons life, and certainly no conscience. It is evilness in it's purest form.

As rahm emannual and governor quin do nothing....

wail until the summer chicago will break another record on murders and theres nothing  the mayor can do about it,,,,,,its a real shame that the gangs and the drug dealers has had the city hostage for years....All these black #$%$ that are killing each other are exactly the ones that form obama's base. Think about it.

Yep, the gun laws in Chicago are working out real well.....Just ask the parents of the slain girl...

Chicago, gun law model for the country. Don't allow guns in the hands of law abiding citizens, that will keep you safe. The bad guys will obey those laws, sure.While NOBODY at the scene of this crime needed a gun, the fact is, the only ones that DID have them, were the one's that shouldn't have had one at all under any circumstance. And the ones that so called "background checks" would have stopped, had they bought the guns at a legal gun dealer. Bought? Probably traded for in no telling what kind of un-holy barter, if not stolen outright.

These gang banger does not have respect for life. Nor do they respect other s.

Did Obama go to the funeral?

Don't they have Feinstein and Bloomberg style gun laws in Chicago. How did this happen ?

Well at least they are putting the blame where it belongs.

Unfortunately, the fathers poor choices led to the death of this youngster. This is gang violence, not gun violence.

The father's actions lead to the death of his own child ..and the cops say he 'may' be an affiliate of a gang .. meaning he isn't telling them anything.  The preachers were focused on the wrong people, the one man sitting in front of them who lost his child wouldn't show he was truly against gang violence .. all the blubbering on that microphone did nothing.

There comes a point when you just get tired of reading the same stories over and over.  God Bless the child.There comes a point when you just get tired of reading the same stories over and over.  God Bless the child.

Put the guns back in the hands of law abiding citizens and take back the city.

If my daughter was shot because there were men shooting my husband because he had gang affiliations, said husband would not be allowed at my daughters funeral. I would let it haunt him for the rest of his life. If they are right, that baby is dead because of her fathers irresponsible choices. He should get no closure.

I say just blow the hoods up period with ALL the #$%$ living there enough is enough its a revolving door and spreading inch by inch into all areas ......we're losing ths country folks.

It's not a problem, these are Obama supporters with guns.

Whether the father is or isn't a gangbanger, my belief is that when the cops arrest the shooter, they should remove him to the nearest tall tree, with a short rope and hang him, high, so that all the other gangbangers can see, the results of murdering an infant....I'll bring the rope....

It's a shame that an innocent little girl was killed because of her fathers gang affiliation, but remember Chicago has very strict gun laws and that should be enough to keep people safe just ask our president.

The shooting occurred at 12:15 PM. Maybe he was on his lunch hour from work.LOL They ridiculed the 47% but it's the 47% who are out working ,doing the right thing and these bloodsuckers are just along for a free ride killing this great nation. We are doomed!!

Chicago is Obama's home town - Means nothingChicago is HQ for the racist Farrakan and his Nation of Islam- Means nothingChicago has the strictest gun control laws in the nation - Means nothingChicago is the ultimate Democrat Party Machine run city - May mean something

Best Advice.....   Move away from that s***hole you call Chicago and take your taxes elsewhere..Invite the bangers to the White House Easter egg roll. Trade guns for eggs. Hey! don't put it past a liberal to come up with this idea!

When parents teach their kids they are victims in this society they breed anger in them.

did the gang shooter get a back round check?

These people need a good community organizer

Sounds like the so called dad was to blame 100% for her dying from the gunshot.  Meant for him!   But no one can put a connection to him and his gang activity.  Right!!!!  Poor child had to die for a worthless father.

Chicago, Obama's motherland.

Remember : the "no snitch code" is more important than your life, the life of your children, the life of your family, the life of your neighbors. Keepin' it real.

they all become anti gang rallys ,but nothing is ever done!!!how many more have died since you read this???

America and its GANGS - not guns.  But what the heck, ban guns and let the gangs run amok.  The Liberal way to solving problems.

Gangs? Dead people? Breaking the Law? Wow I have never heard of or seen suchcrazy things in all my life and I live in Oakland California where we have 2 people shoteveryday. Most of the time by the police, hell they will even shoot you in the back..Gangs? Dead people? Breaking the Law? Wow I have never heard of or seen suchcrazy things in all my life and I live in Oakland California where we have 2 people shoteveryday. Most of the time by the police, hell they will even shoot you in the back..

Dem rainforest rabbits didnt get 'nuff ACORN's, do dem be angry, shootin n chit.

BANG!BANG!BANG!BANG!

Talks cheap. Change, change &amp; more change. Just like Detroit. And violence continues. Big cities can't do anything about it. Or governments just won't do anything about it. It just continues. It's all talk. That is it. Throw gang member in jail. And than back out they go. Back on the street for more trouble. There is where part of the problem is!

Sick, lowlife, #$%$. That is what the people who are too scared to turn in the child killer are.

Boons, can't live  with em...uh...

gangsters punished by gangsters.. yeah..go back now and listen your hate hip-hop music full of "sheet". You have no future, you have no soul as long as you don't make a change for GOOD!

There should be no law preventing open hunting season on gang bangers and thugs

There was a time when the real men of the community would have gone out and hunted the animals down and killed them...now everybody stands around wimpering like little girls and thinking it will accomplish something.

In case the black community hasn't noticed, the rest of us are tired of hearing you blame everyone else but yourselves. If you want the killings to end then get up off of your dead #$%$ and do something about it. The ball is in your court, it's not our problem any more. Every time a white tries to help they are somehow deemed to be a racist and vilified so screw it,  quit whining and take care of the problem.What the hell is wrong with people these days. Exactly what do people get out of being in gangs. They sell drugs, do drugs and kill innocent people, what kind of life is that. I'm sorry, if this poor sweet babies daddy was a gang banger and was killed by another gang banger then he might as well have put the gun to his daughter head himself. Live by the sword, you die by the sword.

Obama legacy.

Chicago, land of Obama

The child's death is very SAD.

"Not God Bless America...God D____ America!"  Jessie Jackson Jr. is in prison and Obama is on the golf course. Looks like Chicago got left hanging by thier heros.  Obama aint comming back home yall.  He is moving to Hawaii.

This country is so backwards, people can kill children or anyone all day long everyday and we as a country believe it is wrong to execute people like that who takes the lives of the innocent. We will never see that guy executed who killed all those children. As a country we protect the lives of murders.

I do NOT know how all these shooting s are occuring in Chicago?  Chicago has a BAN on guns So how are these shootings happening??

Where is   Sharpton &amp; Jackson  to  protest this violence?....Silly white boy it's black on black violence , it's acceptable when they kill each other  it's only on issue when whitey is involved.

The problem starts at home.Parents are extremely lazy. Parents are not taking pride in raising their children.Parents want to be "cool" instead of concerned. Parents would rather teach ignorance rather than encourage education and becoming better. My father went to the pen when i was 5 i saw him snort cocaine and watched him became a alcoholic as well as beat on his wife. That little bit of information made me want to be beyond better for my children. Until people want better they will continue to wallow in filth.

IM NEAR CHI-TOWN, ALL MY LFE IVE HEARD this anti-gang rally garbage,there are 85,000-100,000 gang members in chicago, and 12,000 cops, im sure this rally will just end all gang problems!where are the obamas This is there hometown When are you liberals gonna learn he only wanted your votes And chicago has the toughest gun laws in the country You people are idiots for voting this liberal POS in office RIP little one

Just another belief, inform every Chicago police officer, for every gangbanger you kill in the performance of your duty, you will get a week off with pay...now that's an incentive!  Gangbangers won't be happy has targets, but the citizens will rejoice when the streets are safer ......

I have an idea--hire someone to kill at least one from each gang, send a note to each gang leader saying, "Let's meet--- (in an isolated place where there are no innocents to get hurt or killed). Then just watch the fun as the gangs kill each other off. Any survivor(s) can than be arrested and charged with first degree murder. No more gangs--for a while at least. Were is Charles Bronson when you need him? I really enjoyed those movies where only the bad guys got dead.

Someone got even with her father, this culture must be exterminated before we can see hope.RIP

Why is it that the area's with the most liberals and the most gun control have the most crime? Just asking.

Just outlaw gangs, then arrest all those demonstrating gang affiliation. That wouldn't put an end to all this senseless killing, but it'd be a start.

Gang violence? I thought all murders were by NRA members. After all they are the ones with all the guns. They have laws against criminals having guns. So we know criminals don't have guns.

Obama must be proud of his work in Chicago, didnt work there, not working in DC.

liberal dems + strict gun laws = 500 dead/murdered in Chicago

This poor child wasn't shot just once,she had 5 bullet holes in her,This PUKE of a dad held her up as a SHIELD when Schlit  hit the fan.RIP Little one,RIP..................Dem paradise: Put in misery by dems, and the fools still look to dems for the answers.

Just another of Obama's brother.

when Chicago enacts some laws with teeth to truly punish anyone (regardless of age or previous record) using guns in crimes instead of just turning them back onto the streets they might see some decline in gun deaths for everyone, especially their young people.  Right now there is no incentive to leave the guns out of the gang actvity. No extra punishment for crimes committed with a gun.  No absolute jail time for anyone using a gun in ANY illegal act.  Until they start to make it really uncomfortable to use a gun, young punks will see guns as a birthright, entitlement to manhood.

Chicago's blacks would be much happier if whites were the victims of their gang violence, but whites are not the ones out there gunning down their competitors for drug sales...

Hey Obama, how about using your Drones on gang hangouts?  Hmmmm?  Coward.

This is an area of uneducated people. Daddy was a gang member! The problem is the mentality of the animals that live in this area and stems from generations of slackers with no ambition to get real jobs and a Democratic government that want to keep them down by providing a life long food stamp program. Remember, this is the area that helped re-elect the clown in office. If they ever realized that their own people,not the guns, are the problem maybe it would subside.

Where is Al and Jessee for their 15 minutes of fame?

Black people are the problem, when will we start to say this?

.....if that had been a white person who fired the gun, JACKSON, SHARPTON and all the other black racist would have been marching up and down main street Chicago. but when a black kills a black it seems nobody cares. MARTIN LUTHER KINGS is turning in his grave now and everything he marched for is going down the toilet. i think it is time for blacks to straighten there own house and stop blaming everyone else for there problems. you can start by keeping the young in school and tell them not everyone can play sports or sing? rap songs. i'm 60 years old and i don't see any color anymore, just idiots..............

GANG MEMBERS are the biggest LOSERS. they are scared to be REAL MENwas the mayor or police chief there?  where are the community organizers?.........oh, i forgot...they are in wash dc.....

Makes you wish that the government arming themselves with tons of ammo and armed cars was for an actual war on gangs etc in these areas...but alas, they are going after the citizens, not the animals...

They should have a march too.  Those do a lot as well.

this is the future of America......meanwhile anyone who believes in hard work, family values, real equality, and self-reliance is a right wing extremist......raise taxes, disarm the population, give more "entitlements"  and expand the power of the federal government....take away freedom in the name of freedom......we are destroying our country and most of us care more about reality tv than reality.....Aldous Huxley used to be required reading for a reason.

Where is Jesse Jackson and his side kick? Jesse sure had words for the dictator Hugo Chavez!

Elvis saw this coming.

What happened to Emanuael that was asking the black panthers to help control the violance there? I dont  give a flying f@#$ if I spelled the little creeps  name right.

I'm so sorry for the loss of this little baby girl. I cannot even imagine as a parent.

to allow the good citizens arming, organizing neighborhood patrols, house to house confiscating weapons from criminals and see how everything goes back to normal

Doesnt Chicago have really strict gun laws? How did a gang member get a gun?Chicago is a dirty, liberal, cesspool. You reap what you sew.

No one has been arrested in connection with the attack.They should already be dead. The black community should serve as judge, jury and executioner. A life for a life.

not only is Jesse Jackson quiet, Al Sharpton is quiet as well! What's wrong not enough press coverage!!!?

So where is Obama, Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, et al??

I don't understand the "no snitch" culture.  You're protecting killers from the police so they can run free and kill some more.  By not helping the police, it's your life or your loved one life that you may lose next.  Is it worth it?

Some of the strictest gun laws in the country but Chicago has one of the highest gun crimes and murder rates in the country.  Seems like the laws are not working as promised.  So glad I moved away and was able to get my family out too.

this is never going to stop until those people stand up to the gangs. you want to stop this #$%$ get off you #$%$ and stop allowing this garbage to run free in your community. Stop blaming guns and white people for your problems. only the blacks can fix this because no one else cares. are is going to care as long as it doesn't spill over into their community.

R.I.P little one.I blame stupid parents for this gang mentality. Don't know how to raise kids? We have the technology. Don't have them.

those 500 people should have gotten baseball bats and gone door to door with their anti-gang rally

I'd suggest looking at Aurora, IL.  Second largest city in the state.  They had a gang problem, and had ZERO murders last year.  They may not be as large as Chicago, but that's a score worth looking into.Somebody needs to do something!!  Not us.  But somebody!!

Blame your own kind. You have a black president who has done nothing to help you

The Hooodies rule the streets and Biden don't care.

They are getting what they DESERVE!!!  They CREATED the gangs and the gangs are KILLING their creators!!!!

BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS OF DEATH!! wait, it doesn't even say what kind of gun was used...

why so sad, it was just a missed abortion they forgot to do

What do they mean  "may have been in a gang"?    He's sittting there--ask him!

Welfare hood rats

Everyone here fails to understand that these gangs run wild in their neighborhoods because of Socialist mayors. They try to blend the neighborhoods forcing developers to give portions of the new units to low income lazy bums. And then when crime happens they try to counter it by adding socialist services that are funded by the tax payers.These people dont want to change and get an education they want an easy life selling drugs and popping out more children in to the system. This is what happened to Detroit, at one time Detroit was better than Chicago, more population, more money but slowly the Socialists turned the once beautiful city into a ghetto and that's whats happening to Chicago.N.Y has had plenty of Republican mayors and they dont have no where near the crime that Chicago does an they are double the size. Need to expel these lazy bums from our grand city so that we the working people can rebuild it, we have one of the best downtown's in the world (In my opinion the best) and we need to take it back from these lazy socialist bums.

This is a sad day for the inncoscent child.  Unfortunately this will be as difficult as controlling the thugs that we call politicians.  Greed will always win out.  Too bad that so few greedy people can have such an impact.Pray for the child and family. Thats all we can do. Pray for the babies who heads are cracked dring abortion since they are born alive. Shame on America

Blacks have a culture of violence that is astounding. Combine that with their no snitch culture and this type of thing becomes an everyday feature in their violent, filth and trash filled neighborhoods. The father in this case was a criminal and I'm sure he knows who shot at him and killed the child instead. They continue to blame everyone but themselves for their lot in life. It's no wonder that any other race doesn't want these savages in their communities.

why is it always blacks?

at least they are moving "forward", right? blacks are monsters.

Sup dawg ?  Know wut I'm saying ? It's like, It's like, where can I gets me a free ObamaPhone, Ima 'groid in da hood, wearing a hoodie, that makes me a hood, in da hood, in a hoodie... Ima stupid little 'groid got me a gun. Nobody fks wit me, I am somebody....

We can't say any thing about the blacks being a problem in our society because yahoo will pull your post .

Since when did the city of crime ever have a grace period of peace? How can anyone expect a town ran by gang members to enjoy true enjoyment when if you look at someone the wrong way or wear the wrong colors, your put head down with no pulse! Look at the history of that town and the violence that has spread, does it remind you of a story in old testament? I'm sure everyone has seen Chicago going down the exact same way and who do we have to thanks for that? The gang leaders who started them; their greed have paved the new era to do nothing but fail and self-destruct themselves into nothingness. I am born from Chicago, nevertheless, every passing day as I see things like this from my home in CALIFORNIA, I am thankful I was NEVER raised in such a zoo! Somebody let the dogs out but no one hired a dog catcher!!

Many of our own cities are war zones and dramatically impact our national security.  Police do what they can but are overwhelmed and under funded.  Perhaps if we were not spending so much time and money sending soldiers all around the world, the military could stand in support in those urban areas that have become essentially war zones and nests of domestic terrorists.

In Chicago, where they have some of the strictest gun laws in the nation, they have the highest crime rates and shootings! When you heavily regulate/ban guns and gun use, the criminals and gangs will still get guns, because they don't care about laws! Let the law abiding citizens of Chicago get armed, and the crime, gangs and gang violence with diminish! Did this gang care an innocent child was sitting on another gang member's lap? No respect for life. No respect for the laws!

Meh, They will just spawn another one and probably forget and use the same name. Children do pay for the sins of their fathers!The police go in and do there job they are hated attacked and so on,let the aminals kill themselfs until no one is left,cant win in the getto,but how come sorry #$%$ al sharpton is not using this to promote his show,like i said you elected a black president from chic and he could not give a sht about you or your votes,i would send in the military to all these inner cities out of control.as more military return home they will need to do something

I think that gang violence is obviously rediculous and should be stopped but back in the day gangs were way more smart and were way more humble; they did not shoot innocent people and that was like a special gang thing because they would be considered cowards but now these idiots don't care who they shoot or where they shoot. pathetic and sad Stop the violence over stupid things get over yourselves and act like a human being or just kill yourselves.

These are the people you need to take guns from. Stop and frisk then there will be less of this. The only people that complain about stop and frisk are the criminals. Oh and the people keeping quit will end up in hell.

The only thing that will save this community are others like it will be the love of JESUS.  You can blame it on politicians, gangs, guns or thugs but only the acceptence of rightous, moral, loving God will change society.

gang killings. the media may finally be getting the point here. gang activity is linked to the biggest sources of murder statistics in the U.S. Gangs are groups of thugs and criminals who over rule the law for their own gain. Guns in gangs are the norm. may be time to try some gang control in the cities.

Strictest laws in the Nation?

Let see what that chiken shi# Chief of Police does probally nothing. You know that town sucks all the way back to the crooked #$%$ daily an beyond.Did you see where him an his cabinet joined the union  an pd dues for a yr, Now  he gets $50 grand pension.

Having 2,000 armed, retired police officers, walking the streets, in plain clothes.  Will assist the on duty officers and Chicago Mayor Smuck, would have to turn his head, so that his liberal beliefs, won't dissolve....

Remember this, Chicago has the strictist gun control laws in the United States.  Good job Obama.  Dad put his own daughter in danger because of his gang affilitation.  He should be tried for murder.

Get rid of the entitlement culture and get everyone working in some capacity.  Whether it is sweeping the streets, or helping out neighbors with lawns.  Get rid of the arrogance that comes from feeling entitled and gone will be the black flash mobs, the black gangs and a minority society that has really screwed themselves by feeling they are owed..That poor baby. But, I hope I don't sound cold when I say this, that little baby couldn't have had much of a future. Such a sad story. Chicago needs to get its act together. Pretty soon everybody will be dead.

Save tax dollars...Let these jigs off themselves.  Just block from new members entering.

Another funeral brought to you courtesy of your local and state liberal demorats.  Good people can't have guns, bad people run rampant.

Messed up.  Chicago sounds like hell on earth.  Every week someone gets a surprise death. The president should have done the doctor heal thyself thing first and fixed this forsaken city before he even tried to do anything for the whole damn country. Chicago sounds like it sucks, big time.

Phoney story. Chicago has the nations toughest gun laws. Therefore, no killings.

People that WORK, dont have time for gang banging.

channel 5 said he used the baby as a sheild

and then more shots rang out...from the N-e-g-g-a-s in da hood.....

Where all da black komoonity leaders at?  Why come nobody be talkin bout dis who be havin some influences?  Because a #$%$, is a #$%$, is a #$%$.  You can pass all the laws you want.  Won't change their culture.

need to ban animal blacks!"Dis hasta stopp!  Lawdy lawdy think uh duh chilluns!" - black people in Chicago 2 million times in the last 20 years.

Can I be politically incorrect for a moment and state the obvious?  This kid would have grown up to be worthless anyway.

Doesn't Chicago has some of the toughest gun control laws in the US??  And is second in the US in the number of murders only behind NYC.  The Democrats need to take a long look at this and understand that restricting weapons only affects the honest person.  I should had figured nobama was from here!!

That new movie coming out soon , they hung a gang member each night off a light pole, with a sign , was it worth it, the people changed fast

well they can blame themselves for putting obamba back in the white house

Find the killer or killers and hang him or them in town square for everyone to see!

Okay...who is the #$%$ selling bullets to the who kill BABIES!!??? m Who are the NEIGHBORS who sit on their #$%$ watching and probably promotion the shootings?!!....Come on neighbors, lets stop his insanity... SOMETHING!!!!!!!  Get the PUNKS off the swtreets...get them JOBS, give them DIGNITY....Let them ...RESPECT!!!

This should have been a bloody gang death rally  kill them back people get a gun and protect yourselves

I remember when I was in the 7th grade in San Antonio, Texas in 1959 school officials and the police department had meetings to try to stop gang violence in the city. There's still gang violence in San Antonio and it has spread to other Texas cities and towns and rural areas. Chicago is probably the same way and has always had gang violence. I don't know if there is a way to stop it.

When law abiding people are not given the chance to protect themselves, they become prisoners in their own towns. This place has more gun control than most states yet who has guns? The gangs run riot and our slim police are no help! Sorry, but armed people......yes vigilantes! would take back the streets! These thugs would hang in the trees and order would be restored! But the spineless libs would rather plead with these criminals, even blame us! Enough already! Arm the people, let them take care of business without legalities, and get back to living FREE!!!!!What did the girls gang member daddy do that prompted someone to want to shoot him? When dirtbags have kids this is what happens.

Cops can't get the job done, call in the National Guard to bring piece and quiet and safety to the people. Round up these animals and when caught punish them. If they want to shoot at people send their #$%$ over to the mideast and see how tough they are then!

when Reverend Corey Brooks says "I want to challenge you to get clean," He should be talking to the dad of the baby girl?

It's nothing new with that life style..... No body know NOTHING !!!!!!!! Useless people or animals

Terrible loss--no excuse for this happening--even in chicagoneed to take an extreme no tolerance line with all gangs everywhere

in chicago it's call TNB. nothing to see here folks, move along.

Where's Al Sharpton and Jess Jackson now?  Why aren't they holding a rally and demanding justice?  Unfortunately this baby's untimely death is not going to bring about any change!  I am sure her father and his gang will retaliate!!  The father should be prosecuted for endangering his child by being affiliated with a gang!

My condolences to the family.Yeah, the most strict gun control laws in the nation are really working right?

I have the perfect liberal solution to violence. And it doesn't require gun control. Pass a law making murder illegal. Problem solved. And we feel soooo good about ourselves.

What a joke the black race is. Her father is affiliated with gangs, if brings danger on himself and his family...  Why is this such a shocking story?  He was no accountant simply at the wrong place at the wrong time...So sad rip little baby, how are those strict gun laws working for you?? Law abiding legal responsible owner im sure! Hey deadfish doing a great job, keep up the good work!

Those who believe "killing" is their method of control will not change until dead!!!!!

She is dead, very unfortunately, because her father chose the gang lifestyle.

In this politically correct world ---Its now hip to let the gangs have free reign as long as there is no racial profiling---Until some rocket scientist rethinks that philosophy--Undertaking in Chicago and Detroit will be in high demand!

It should be a federal crime to knowingly be a member of a street gang....period!   10 year mandatory minimum....gangs are a clear and present danger to the safety and security of cizizens, our neighborhoods, schools and kids!  It is then or us folks......

Blah blah blah, a week from now this will be ancient history on Da Souff Sigh

Q: What do you call a black woman who's had 9 abortions?A: A Crime fighter!

Gangs recruit the weak children (90% no Fathers in their lives)---99% of persons will NOT report activivty in their neighborhood---99% of the Gangs have ILLEGAL Guns and do NOT care about the LAWS on the books---- and women STILL have CHILDREN with these slugs---

Way to go dad!

Another of God's children struck down.Another public funeral.Another call to stop the violence.I don't know about you but I already know the script.The gang member said,"They don't want to stop this." Cause if they did,they would have." I'm starting to believe him.The city must get jobs for the youths,and a police presence where kids can go to school unharmed.If not,I'll see you at the next Child's funeral!!!"police say may have been affiliated with a gang"There is the start of the story and end of the story...

Oh sure, you think that the tide will turn and the good people will stand up and take on the gangs, sure, now they speak against gangs and thugs..but the minute a gang member is arrested for something, then everyone rally around the thugs and protest against the police for violating the 'kids''rights and will cry 'oh he is such a good kid" then they demand that the gang thug gets released.

I'm praying for these people to pray, and ask God to show them who cares!

Fighting among gangs has claimed a mounting toll of lives in some predominantly African-American and Hispanic neighborhoods of Chicago over the last year. INTHE LAST YEAR!?!Have you ever heard Elvis' in the ghetto from1969?

you parents who stand up to street thug gang bangers...........call upon the military, locals, and FBI and make them enforce the "Rico Laws"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is a GREAT start to winning you parents! make them round em all up and make them hold them in dentention centers to be tried in mass.

I never heard o CAPONE and his boys murdering little kids or by-standers.. These MFers are not GANGSTERS.. Maybe we should bring in some AL-QUEDA to take care of biz

Leave your children at home and go shoot the hell out of each other

So sad,a coward with a gun killing an innocent child who never had a chance at lifemthe perpetraitors should be tortured when they are caught,How can anyone live with themself after doing such a tragedy like this? If this doesn't get to all the gang members all over the United States to think twice,God only knows what will.

America and its guns. Very sad.

Jobs are the antidote to gangs and the private sector will only provide jobs for the "cream of the crop". We need jobs from the government for some of the less desirable elements of society. It's cheaper and easier that putting them in prison for $50,000/yr.Its not the guns Its all of the lowlife BLACKS with the guns

Anti gang? Should be anti black welfare roach rally!

Only more guns on the streets will help to splatter the brains of a child all over the back wall.

No guns in Chicago, make excuses for those in poverty, pass more laws, throw more money at the problem, give sympathy to this child and none to those aborted in the name of pro choice......

Rahm's doing a great job.  The more you vote for him,,,the more of your kids die.

i agree with "I said it"  this child would be alive today if her father wasnt affiliated with gangs.  I hope he changes as a result of this.  I dont think i could keep going if my child died because of my actions and the people i hung around.  So sad

for those of you who "are about that life" make sure they take YOUR life and not an innocent victims life...if you live by the gun you will die by the gun

I passed thru south side in the 70's and it was bad then i would never go back I live in atlanta we have an anti gang unit here and it seems to work

the good lord took this baby away from non deserving gang bangers

Hey in Detroit a 9 month old got murdered with an AK47 and nobody says anything..No protests..no rallies..no sharptongue..no jesse jackass.sad that this little girl had 2 die because of the decisions her mom and dad made. dont be a gangster and dont have children in a gang infested town.r.i.p. little girl.

Its real f'ked up when your 6 month old baby joins a gang and gets shot. Where were the parents?

Here come the dems again crawling over another dead kids corpse like the vermin they are to push more flawed unpopular policy. They just dont have the balls to address  the cause of the problem. Libs are even more disgusting than the gang bangers.

Bring back the troops so we can kick this new war off. The troops could even have the           weekends off to go home, and dirt bag gangas can keep killin each other all weekend.

The dad should be arrested for putting his daughters life in danger.

Not understanding why the National guards are not being sent in. That place is a mess.

Having just lost my stepdaughter, I am dismayed by the incredible lack of empathy and compassion by the remarkably sick and sad people who post on this board. Can you even begin to imagine the pain this family is enduring?

The baby disrepected them

Jim, I agree! But why stop there? All abiding citizen's need to ban together! This a HUMAN problem... Not about race. Let's ALL GANG UP ON MEAN, HORRIBLE PEOPLE And end this...

So sad.  If her Father is a gang member he will have an even heavier burden to live with.  You are supposed to shield your children from violence not put them in the line of fire.This is one big reason we should legalize drugs! Take the drugs off the street and put them in the stores and the gangs will disappear......period!

Obama left that city in such great shape. After years of community organizing the place is still a hell hole....way to go libs!

God knows who is and he may run and he may hide like the coward he is but one thing is for certain he can not run nor hide from the eyes of the Lord!

face facts.  With gangbangers for parents, this kid would have been a gangbanger too.  One less hoodlum bangin in the hood!  Black men need to go find themselves a white blond be atch and get outta the hood.  Times have never been better for you for that.  All kinds of white girls with rich daddy to tick off are wating for you.

Sounds like, if the violence escalates, this becomes a self correcting problem..

Legalize all drugs and all this violence will go away according to neanderlibs..

A gang member will never put their children before their gang friends or they wouldn't be in the gang to begin with. So quit having babies with them you dumb #$%$ women but then hell some of you women are no better than them!

I say Round em' all up, Drop em' off in the Desert and let kill each other...Primal style....

Wow, in an anti gun city???

Democrats agenda.... Less guns more crime less population. There way to reduce overpopulated areas. There way of genocide. Go Democrats Go......Doesn't Chicago have very restrictive gun laws.....huh?  How did they get the gun to shoot that poor baby.  I'm sure not through an extensive background check!

Chi-Congo!!!!

all nations that forget God shall be turned into hell.

Fly with the angels little one,so sorry you met the devil hear on earth,no one can ever hurt you again,you are safe in the arm of the angels,you will always be remembered.

...And in a tomorrow that will come al to soon ,we will be doing it again, dsepite all thetears and trumplings about Gang violence nothing changes, ever, this is an article we read yesterday, we will read today and for sure again tomorrow. we live in a 'civilized' society where the only pack of predators are two legged thugs that willing prey and victimize their very own. The only "plan" we have is to bury another body...soon and very soon!!

My condolences. Revelation 21:4 "And he will wipe out every tear from their eyes, and death will be no more, neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore. The former things have passed away".

Blacks need to be banned. Not guns.

Still mopping up the tears from when the story was first reported....now I am drowning in the tears.   This is so sad and what  is even more sad is the fact that we may never get a grip on the senseless crimes plagued upon us all at any given time no matter where you are or what you may be doing.  RIP little angel!!!

RIP - A shameful waste of life.

It's heartbreaking to hear stories like this. An infant killed due to the lifestyle of the father. A senseless victim of circumstance. I hope the killers are found and justice served. People must speak out against this type of self-destructive behavior. Unspeakable. It's insane this baby girl died. Not given the chance to live.  Shameful.I have done nothing wrong for someone to bring pain on me or a child...this is clearly a matter that the father was wrong and an innocent child was taken...the father and killer should both be held for murder and prosecuted!

Well don't be stupid...you want to keep your family safe...stay out of the gang..off drugs and alcohol!

an yes its sad cause the baby didnt derserve to die that way what if that happend to u would u still say the same if it was a whit hood? people today realy need to stop talking wow

Wake up black folks this is happening all across america everyday they have the resources the system intentionally have police shortages for you blacks and hispanics to kill each other.  da.you are doing exactly what they want you to do  da.  revolution

in reality orders have to come from the lifers who are in prison. They need to inform the so-called street thugs make sure they aim right when their going to kill someone. Threatened them with rape. All they respect is violence anyways!

This is an age old crime since Americas beginning. Keep the men ignorant and disinfranchised and the children are left to raise themselves. It is the responcibility of the black leadership to fix the problem. You know where the government stands__Yours truly, A black who has no intent too move to Chigago

So sad.

Thanks to all the voilence in our movies and tv shows, thanks to all the video games, is so 'cool' to be a gangster and shoot people right?

Where do the gangs get the guns?

That baby was sooo cute n innocent ♥ all darkness Come to light whoever did this will get what they deserve sicko Hope ur reading itThat baby was sooo cute n innocent ♥ all darkness Come to light whoever did this will get what they deserve sicko Hope ur reading it

i am sorry to hear about this young girl's death, but again, its the culture.   you have these gang bangers, punks, thugs growing up with no fathers, single mom on welfare and foodstamps and probably on crack and the liberals will say.. and get this... its our fault.   we are not taxed enough for after school programs to keep kids off the streets.   its out fault because of racism from the mean white people.    southside chicago will never change.   stop reporting these shootings and killings, no one cares.

THIS IS BETTER THAN ABORTION...... so they won't breed!!!

REGISTER ALL STOLEN GUNS FROM CRIMINALS AND GANG BANGERS, DAYUMN IT!!!! We law abiding Citizens and registered Gun Owners demand it..... NOW!!!!

Blame whitey and Bush, Bush did it!

HEY LIBBIES???? Care to comment on gun control on the most controlled city in the Nation????? Why won't you???? COWARDS!!

NOTICE HOW ALL THE GUN CONTROL FREAK LlBBIES ARE ALL QUIET NOW!!! Not 1 post defending this act one way or another..... And dat' bes da'truff'

So where's the Black Panther Community Organizers now?

Obamaduma can't even run a city or a lemonade stand...... AND HE WANTS TO RUN THE GREATEST NATION ON EARTH?

WHERE'S ALL THE LlBBIES NOW??? And all the gun controlling idiots for gang bangers?COMMUNITY ORGANIZING AT IT'S BEST........ By nl69a thugs

TIME FOR AN INNER CITY CLEANSING...... starting with the projects and the hood

Don't you just love Chicago???? Obamaduma must have done a great job as a community organizer...... NOW HE LEADS A NATION...... GO FIGURE

RAHM EMANUEL AND OBAMADUMA MUST BE PROUD...... CHICAGO THUGS KILLING THEIR OWN BABIES....... But hey, Could have been 1 of Obamaduma's daughters!!!!

HUH HUH.....it's legal gun owners fault...... NOTHING TO DO WITH CRIMINAL GANG BANGER CRIMINALS???? And father was the gang banger..... YEAH, i'm sure baby died from a legal gun but not her THUG FATHER CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES!!!

amen ! On that Scuba Dude

amen ! On that Scuba Dude

Oh my God it wasn't the gun this time,  it was actually a person wow i thought guns did all the killings.  No disrespect to the family I pray for them and their well being.

Give It Up (Kickin' Drug Abuse), a U tube video against the senseless killings linked to Drugs, Gangs and Black on Black crime in Chicago.

For the comments here that are not from Chicago, let me clairfy something: This is not a gang war! This is an idiots, fools, morons war! Most of these punks who say they are in a gang, are NOT! They are just hiding behind somethign they believe will give them "street cred".  This poor baby lost her life because some idiot decided that was the perfect time to kill her father and he didn't have good aim! The REAL gangs (i.e. Capone, Blackstones, ViceLords, etc.) are now defunct because the government did not like having gang leaders with more control over the city than they did.  There used to be a code in Chicago gangs that children, women, seniors were OFF LIMITS! These little punks nowadays have no respect for themselves, the police, or anyone else/thing.  While Rahm and Pat sit up and try to take away my right to bear arms and protect myself/my family, they need to worry about how they've let this City/State go down the tube.  Daley was the BIGGEST gangster of all, but he kept GOOD control over his city!With kids you wanna pick your friends carefully, I guess.

The parents were hit hard, and they know why. Maintaining the street code " snitches get stitches" while lurking in the dark like a thief in the night waiting for the right opportunity to exact revenge only keeps the cycle of violence going. This father and others in his circle should realize the greatest justice he can afford this precious gift, now stolen is to bring her murderer to justice before the court, not their own.

I hate the devil!!!!Such a big coward!!!

Its sad that a 6 mth. old child gets shot n the head!..i would find the one who shot her and beat him til he just cant breath..!

Wow! All these negative and racist remarks and this family has lost a child! What about the child molesters, family incest, children killing parents and shooting up schools. Im not saying that their gang crimes or shootings are justified, Im just saying all races of people in all communities commit crimes and get away with it, or get so many chances and we should be careful of how we speak on some topics against some people!

How long, Lord! How long. Rest in peace sweet angel.

gangs have rights, too.

If its not a cop or a white person the killing will remain unsolved and more killing will follow the system is allowing black to kill each other like wow animals if a cop dies the suspect will be found almost immediately

Give all the gang bangers guns amo @ a place to KILL them all. Maybe Glen Beck's new town???

Jim, I agree! But why stop there? All abiding citizen's need to ban together! This a HUMAN problem... Not about race. Let's ALL GANG UP ON MEAN, HORRIBLE PEOPLE And end this...And get guns off the streets.

anti gang rally???  realy  the babys  daddy is in a what???  a GANG shes  dead because of her gang banging  daddy.  I  live  in chicago and its been kind of calm as of late but thats only because the tempature is in the 30's   wait till it go's  above  50  thats when the bodys start dropin in the wind city....   and the only  reason the parents of the baby are sad is because  their welfare check  just got  decreased by  40%   but  don't  worry  america  the mom will be pregnant  in 6 weeks and they will get that  40%  right back...  but IN the mean time the father will be out robbin &amp; dealing  to support  his girl....  WHAT  A  JOKE THIS COUNTRY   AND THE AFRICAN AMERICAN RACE  IS..

One less person to be on the welfare rolls..good!

why does Obama let his children play with guns ? ? ?

i pray that the father can find peace because they say that the bullet was for him  but he lost his angel  so  i  will pray everyday for this family that they find those that toke this little angel out of this world  Rest In Peace Little One U Will Be Missed

Still you people are pointing the finger on the race. by far you think you are without sin. The hate fill comments are coming from the devil themselves. Do you not think you aint go die someday. And u wil answer for your comments.

not all gangbangers are heartless heathens, most of the mexicans i know who bang out here in cali, consider when ur with a kid, a no go, but these blacks needa prove how bad they be, and kill a kid, maybe a good ol fashion lynching of this gangmember would do some good,

Blacks will never change. They are doomed to lose in life and its no ones fault but their own.

Nobody is thinking that there was a 6 month old killed , we need to stop the killing , and stop blaming the raciest way .

If white people  would  help minoritys this wouldn't happen ....only in Americawow y everybody got to live n a ganbanger hood? an y lable the blacks everbody wasnt raised with a silver spoon in ther mouth like u jim an i bet ur white while u talking #$%$

Guns Guns Stupid Guns.

HAA HA, dead l\ligga.

Too many minority gang killings? Hold a parade, it must work for Minneapolis, that's what happens there.

Who knows if the news is correct but if the father was a gang member he is partially responsible for his daughter's death, sad that is. Why get married and have a child and expose them to danger because of your affiliations?