haha, headline is US says Syrian rebels used chemical weapons, but then in the article they deny this.  Looks like they need to fix the headline goof.

C'mon Yahoo, the headline says the rebels did it yet the articles claims the USA has no clue who did it. So which one is it? Either way if these weapons were used this changes everything and it's really bad news for the side that did it.

I sure hope the big powers find a way to stop the bloodshed instead of finding more ways to kill all innocent people who are caught in the middle, i know from 15 years of personal experience in a civil war that no one wins at the end, everyone loses family members and friends besides the destruction of their own country, there is never a winner in a civil war like the wars involving countries against each other where one wins more land and power from the losing country.

We just can't tell the story straight from the beginning, the first thing we were told that no chemical weapons were used by the rebels/terrorists, then in the same story we go to say the opposite and that there was a use of chemical weapons by the same terrorists, when it came to accusing Assad "several times", we were the first to condemn the act and threaten to use international interventions when there were absolutely no evidence, our plan to oust Assad at any cost has been busted after costing well over 70.000 lives and about one million injured and 4 millions who fled the country, the very extreme plan has cost the Syrians their country and yet we still want to kill or oust Assad without any mercy for the poor people who are begging for help. IF YOU ASK THE SYRIANS IN PRIVATE TODAY WHO THEY'D CHOOSE THE DICTATOR BASHAR ASSAD OR A NEW AND UNKNOWN DICTATOR,THE CHOICE WOULD BE BASHAR ASSAD BY A VERY LARGE MARGIN, LET'S NOT KID OURSELVES ANYMORE, EVERY SYRIAN FAMILY HAS LOST A LOVED ONE AND THEY WILL NEVER FORGET IT ESPECIALLY AND MOST SADLY THE CHILDREN.

The Syrian opposition voted yesterday for an interim PM to form a new government, we have to be able to separate the Syrians from the foreign fighters/Al-Qaeda and its affiliates who are in control of almost the entire areas in Syria that's not under the regime control, we must be very careful not to be supporting the wrong side anymore and help the Syrians against the aggression of these terrorists, in order to do the Syrians justice, we along side Russia and some of the EU countries have to arm them heavily to be able to fight the terrorists first and formost with the help of Assad who's fighting them alone without any help, they both must put Syria and the Syrian people first and defeat one common enemy AL-QAEDA AND ALL OTHER TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS, OTHERWISE, SYRIA AND THE ENTIRE REGION WILL BE DESTROYED.

How long must we endure both Syria's blatant lies or Yahoo!'s apparent inability to get the facts right? Its passed time for Yahoo! to hire a few editors to proofread the articles they publish.

Another confusing story from the disinformation ministry at Yahoo. note headline &amp; story

Some fool mixed amonia and bleach to wash his feet at prayer call.

Does Yahoo even have an editorial staff?

misleading title much?"US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons".This headline and the article just doesn't match. If the US rejected the fact that the rebels used chemical weapons, why do you have an headline that says the rebels used it?

Aren't those "rebels" Al-Qaeda?

#$%$,headline says one thing article says another.who the heck is in charge ? doe's any one check this #$%$

Worried about chemical weapons, its a little late for that, as the international community wants to sit back and do nothing and all the politically motivated nations try and control the situation through slide of hand. Wait till this scenario play out with another country and nuclear weapons.

The administration would do anything to disprove that Saddam had WMDs which went to Syria.

Since the use of chemical weapons by Assad is a "red line" for spineless 0bama you can rest assured that no matter what happens this administration will never find any proof that requires a response.

both sides used limited qty of chemical weapon - just to check the reaction of the world.no reaction- ignorance will lead to more and more usage of chemical weapon by both sides.

Get ready Iraq war veterans...... Another tour is coming soon.

U.S.A. can we please just stay the $%&amp;@ out of it?

Obama should go check it out personally.Thanks to Yahoo, I am more confused than ever

Article contradicts the headline.

Why is the western nations feeding this civil war?

We are used to the lies and deceptions by our propaganda and government officials, as soon as they denied the use of chemical weapons by the rebels, i knew for a fact it was a major lie, our government probably received the news involving the rebels and quickly concluded no CW were used, lets give our alies in Syria Al-Qaeda and its affiliates especially Al-Nusrah groups more money in support and supply them with more weapons as we've been known to do then try to defend our people from these same thugs we created and made into EVIL.

Wasn't Syria rebels trained by the US, didn't they get tax payers money?  Didn't O bama get some heat from stating he was backing the rebels? If it's found out that these rebels did use chemicals, someone is going to have to explain - or say they didn't have/use chemicals.

This headline written by a MORON.  The internet has destroyed real journalism...

and why is the USA  still giving them millons of dollars ?

The headline say US says rebels used chemical weapons yet the report says just the opposite. What gives???

Is it just me? The title and the content of this article don't match.

I'm confused, the title says we said the rebels used the chemical weapons. The article says they did not."U.S.-backed rebels...." WoW!! They must be really rattled at Yahoo'News' Propaganda Media Manipulation Central Control! I do believe that that is the 1st time, I've seen such a bald-faced admission..........OOPS!!!!

These are the people we are supposed to feel sorry for? What a joke! Maybe they used the same ones that were in Iraq before Saddam moved them to Syria?

The harsh chlorine smell in the air is coming from the community pool. The guy added too much chlorine.

Whatever happened to proofreading?

Does anyone do any editing?  The headline contradicts the story.

when chemical weapons are used doesnt everyone in contact with the wounded wear chemical retardant suits boots gloves

This is because of the sequester ... Yahoo goofed ... Yahoo is an arm of Obama &amp; Harry Reid, correct?

Top notch Yahoo editing.   What a hack company Yahoo has become

I guess President Assad writes headlines for Yahoo.

How many wars does Obama need? He said we would leave Iraq, but we still have "advisors" and 15,000 private contractors (mercenaries) there. He said he would get us out of Afghanistan but agreed to keep troops there after the 2014 deadline. He sent forces to Somalia/Libya/various other African countries, Yemen, drones/Special Operation operating in Pakistan. etc. Now we have troops/contractors in Jordan training Syrian rebels with the possibility of intervening in Syria.  How many lies must he tell before people wake up?AND THE PEOPLE AT YAHOO WONDER WHY THEIR VISITS KEEP FALLING.  The only reason I am here is I have been too lazy to switch to Google.  Yahoo, you have till the end of the year to clean up your act or I am outta here.  FYI - been using Yahoo for 14-15 yrs.  You disgust me in your lack of journalistic professionalism, values, morals.  Please learn how to PROOFREAD!!!!

HUH???

And our current administration knows all there is to know about distracting attention.

We armed the rebels. Now we have an excuse to send NATO in.

nice headline you fricking hack of a reporter.  where does yahoo get these clowns out of a cracker jack box

Do NOT send our American boys into that Bees Nest.  Those "rebels" danced in the street with joy on September 11th, enough of these Nations, they hate us and I don't want one nickel of our tax money going to Syria, Lebanon, Iraq, Iran, Egypt and Pakistan!

Article title and the first sentence contradict each other. Come onnnnn!

Yahoo cant even get their lies right anymore with a headline that disputes their own story...PROPAGANDA

Does the AP have an editor with a living brain cell. Check the title of the story boys and girls.

Straighten out your stupid reporting.  It is now clear that the educational downfall in the US is now manifesting itself in media reporting.  Shameful!Cant wait till one flies into Israel with chems! Damascus will no longer exist!

So did they or did they not Yahoo? Get the headline correct!

its the jubalie ,,good news ,,,, mooslem turds ,,,kill each other

Problem is our administration is just as confused as the headline is.

Obama administration flatly rejects any truth!

Obama want do anything if they use or have used chemical weapons, this president is weak and can't wipe his butt without help.

I doubt its a typo, its intentionsl.. they know the low info brainless Obama supporters will only read the headline, take it as gospel, and not ask wby Obama isnt backing up his 'red line' threats to Syria.  Its an intentional mistake to protect Obama

Obama uses Executive Orders to assault Americans. So what's the difference? We are all getting screwed or killed in one way or another.

I just saw Anderson CIA Cooper dramatically take off his glasses, while feeding me my Rothschild war propaganda, so I know that I can be a gibbering trendy muppet and believe what the tv tells me!  It is completely rational for the US to start another war against Syria!  I'm a sheep!  I'm #$%$.

I believe they did use chemical weapons.  They are terrorists by the way.  And of course, Nobama will back them all the way.Assad probably used them and is trying to balme the rebels, you know, like Obama always blames Bush!

What difference does it make??  This is Obama's and Hillary Clinton's war!Inherited by John F. Kerry

Rebels are being armed and trained by U.S. forces - Only Obamas islamic brotherhood friends are allowed to use chemical weapons and assassination drones.

"syrian" "rebels" used chem weapons = Langley,Virginia based "al-CIAda" OPPERATIVES

What an idiot Headline..Bradley Klapper must have the Klap to write such a ridiculous article...Please Yahoo get some real writers.....who know how to write and create headlines that are REAL.

Confusing story, the title said US says the rebels used chemical weapons and the article says US flattly denies the rebels used chemical weapons. Somebody's not proofing the titles and articles!!!

Jay Carney is an incredible liar, he does it so well, must make is master proud

Author Bradley Klapper whats up? Why the confusing headline? Does your editoryour own something? If not, your a putz for this deception!

I must be tired... I don't see how the headline supports the article.

So this means the weapons and money we have been funneling to these rebels will continue.  And since Assad Basir didn't use Chem weapons, the US will not say that magical red line has not been crossed correct?Chemical weapons stock piled in Syria? I wonder where those came from!

I guess it depends on what the definition of the word "red" is.

Yahoo has really gone down hill since the had hired all leftwing knot heads in there new department.

This story headline fits perfectly with Yahoo's MO. If it isn't another story about Kim Kardashian or Britney Spears then it's placing award banners on stupid posts and ignoring good ones. Of course, never to be overlooked, their work in offensive word screening is unparalleled.

Yahoo writers are horrible.

US claims rebels used chemical weapons AND Obama says they did not.  WHICH IS IT?  Can you people PROOF READ YOUR ARTICLES!!! You are pathetic excuses of journalists

It stands to reason that if Assad has chemical weapons, and the rebels have taken over several bases, that they would now have chemical weapons too. Now, who would be most likely to use them, professional soldiers or religious fanatics?

Um, news stories that are not paradoxical with their headlines work better . . .

IF chemical weapons used such as mustard gas or nerve gas, the flims shown would have shown vomit with blood, eyes and nose bleeding ect, mustard would cause blisters on the skin and inside of the air vents in the body......none of this was on flim that I saw.......maybe a practice run maybe?

In fact, nobody has submitted any proof of any of their claims, including the U.S.'"rejection" of Assad's claim.  How does the U.S. know?  Almost every story about all claims about goings-on in Syria has carried the disclaimer (hidden at the very end, however) that "this claim has not been able to be substantiated".  I see no more reason to believe the U.S. knows the facts here than that Assad does.  The U.S. needs to stop publicly asserting (or "rejecting" things it does not in fact, know (as for instance, it did about Benghazi, and a number of other things.)  Plus it needs to stop being so "holier than thou", considering the large number of civilians it's own drones, helicopter and missiles have accidentally killed in Pakistan, and numbers of civilians it has accidentally killed or hurt in Afghanistan, etc.  Wish fervently that we would start being a lot quieter, a lot humbler, and a lot less interfering.OK America it's time we call the senate and say put a stop to helping any rebel groups in Syria or any where else that the Muslim Brotherhood has a foot hold.  This past week 390 people all got together  and said no more tax money to be sent to Egypt, Libya, Syria.. That is our Tax dollars the Government works for us lets start acting like bosses and can these fools..

Terrorists, all of them, only one way, exterminate, while the country is void of its real citizens, UN. its now or never while we have this many of them together.

OK,no one used them. They used themselves.

Or a similarly inaccurate headline: :Yahoo Proof Reads All Headlines"

Do these [eople read what they write??  Sorry, forgot that it doesn't matter, they are the elite.

Could you imagine an IECD (improvised explosive chemical device) being used against our troops in Afghanistan? What about the weapons that France wants to give the terrorist? This is crazy, so crazy that someone has to be profiting from this.

Ok so ignoring Yahoo's! usual idiotic reporting, didnt Obama say this was a redline he would not allow Syria to cross?  So they have, and what is Barry going to do about it?

Disgusting western war propaganda against Syria, and the same lies they use on every country.  Now Wesley Clarke is on ZNN so there is going to be Zionist war propaganda and probably another war.  Utterly disgusting.

Stupid is as Stupid does! (Head Line)

but some may see it as an outlaw group trying to overthrow a president and his countryyeah thats right,these al qaeda did use chemical weapons

who needs facts when you have politicians and news headlines that never seem to capture the truth....?

Headline. The US says Syrian rebels used chem. weapons.First sentence (paraphrased) The Obama Admin. flatly rejected claim that Syrian rebels used chemical weapons.....Which is it you morons!!!!!

The boss was probably out nursing her baby and didn't get a chance to proofread the article.

Do you bozos at Yahoo News even read the stories before writing the headline?Apparently not.

call it The Rock on real, replacin of Mr Conery with assd and Mr Cage with syrian rebel

What a screwed up article.  And Yahoo can't get it right once again.  Alas.  Where can wego to get real journalism these day?

This is how rumors start...

Oh gee...Are we talking about chemical weapons? WMD's? Surely not..that only occurred under Bush.

we are all being brain washed this is how they work media----the real terroristsAfter listening to Jay Carney spin.............I wonder how he can sleep at night?

Headline reads, ....."US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons".   Story reads, ...."The Obama administration flatly rejected a claim by Syrian President Bashar Assad's government that the U.S.-backed Syrian rebels used chemical weapons on Tuesday........".    Todays journalistic words of excellence are; "proof reading", "editorial review", and "story continuity".  Thank you!!

i just saw on the news that there was a pretty high probability that someone used chemical weapons over there

yahoo and cnn and the us  probally are behind the chemical weapons attack against the syrian people that love president assad

Hey Yahoolians?  You better get a better editor, your articles are far too erroneous and mistake filled.

The Author of this article should be fired and never allowed to write again.  There are going to lots of people who just read the headline and freak out. I'm sick and tired of news that is flat wrong and could create histeria among some people. Make it stop!

did i read the headline wrong or does it totally contradict the content of the article?

Yet it took about two weeks for the US government to decide if terrorism or a movie trailer nobody ever heard of was the cause of the 9/11 attack on our Libyan embassy.  They still haven't explained why there was no rescue effort, yet they are certain these rebels did not use chemical weapons.  Yeah, I believe em, sure I do....

It's a great day in world progress.  I think this is the first time since 1917 (WW1) that cehmical weapons have been used again in combat.  Let's breakout the yellow rain and celebrate!

Title "US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons"First line "The Obama administration flatly rejected a claim by Syrian President Bashar Assad's government that the U.S.-backed Syrian rebels used chemical weapons on Tuesday, calling it a desperate attempt by a beleaguered regime to distract attention from its own ledger of atrocities in two years of civil war."Who are we to believe?Hey BRADLEY KLAPPER fix your Headline... Yahoo just pulls the feed in so this is an AP goof!

Is it Associated Press or Absurdly Poor?

If such weapons were used, the CIA did it and will arrange for the evidence to point to the Assad faction so the US and Israel can wage war and feed their blood lust.

Nice headline.

What a headline and a totally oppsite content??!!!

The AP should be better than that---Fix YOUR HEADLINE

Where are the liberals screaming about US involvement in all of this??? If Romney was in office they would never shut up.

Come on ...break out the chemicals and lets be done with this once and for all

It's the sequester causing all these problems.Oh My.Also Harry Reid is an #$%$

do these idiots at AP/yahoo realize that the title of this article contradicts what the article is actually saying?  wow.  the state of the current "free press" is kaka.One thing is damed certain, and that is that someone used chemical weapons this morning.  The administration says theres "no evidence" but what would DC know about the specifics of on the ground events in Syria?  "No evidence"  just means "we don't know".  It's a shallow dodge to avoid unpleasant inquiries.  Assad may be lying, the rebels may be lying, both may be lying, but one thing is certain.  Obama is always lying.

like they also know that all these other countries that are under these same rebels control don't have chemical weapons at their disposal to be sent there .

There is video proof all over the internet that the victims were Syrian soldiers and civilians that support their President. Yahoo has been providing propaganda for the "rebels' for years.

lmfao most people don't believe a thing that pos ovomit says anyhow.

Hey all you have to do is mix and ammonia together and throw it or shoot it at the troops then watch their reaction when it reacts.

Nice. If they mess with Israel there will be a lot more dust in Syria.

"We have no reason to believe that these allegations represent anything more than the regime's continued attempts to discredit the...opposition"The opposition's MAIN fighting force is on the United State's list of TERRORIST groups. How much more discredited can you get for Christ's sake. And we are considering going to war for these people!

I am sure glad we are backing the rebels. They seem like such nice upright people.

Why does the headline contradict the story. In fact, it says the OPPOSITE of the story. Could it be that Yahoo spends too much time on the gayness of its staff and not enough on their craft???

"US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons."Love the articles that argue their titles...especially when the argument is against.On another note, if the US officials have been monitoring the stockpiles that closely, wouldn't they have known who had control of what was being used?Why does the title of this article contradict the body of the article regarding such a terrible item that would have clear international implications were it true???? UNPARDONABLE

"US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons".............. Harley121 says US should use NUKES!!!!!  I'd bet a weeks pay that after just one these 3rd world sand box countries would calm right down,, and damn fast too!!!Grow some balls America,,,,,,,,,,,,Fight fire with fire, and wind, and nuclear fall out!

The rebel fighters would of given up and went home to Pakistan or Afghanistan when they got hungry ,  but the man with the faux peace prize continues feeding them..The civilian deaths can be blamed on Hilly, Kerry and Obama.

Why does the USA care which murdering muslims are in charge.  Both the Asad government and the rebels have the islamic obligation to murder Christians and Jews and will both hate America as a result.  Lets hope they continue to kill one another

Another conflict costing American taxpayer dollars. Remember Ron Paul "too old" and "crazy"? I don't think so.

There certainly is a serious problem with the title of this article.  At the very least it is very misleading.  It reads as though the US acknowledges use of chem weapons by the Syrian rebels.  When it does the opposite; indeed it refutes the claim by the Syrian govt.   What is wrong with reporting these days???

Is this the best yahoo's liberal writers can do to spin a story? Bush league.

Odumba will deny for as long as he can that his Al Queda allies in Syria used chemical weapons and thereby commited a war crime against civilians. He's worked hard, between his golf and vacations, to help Al Queda get stronger and take over nation after nation and murder innocent non muslims, he's not about to allow anything to derail his efforts now.

stupid yahoo......the real problem this article shows it the lack of any intelligence left in our own country.....

The great 0bozo knows, he know all, so if he said they his rebel  terrorist buddies did not use chemical weapons, they did notThe headline said they did US said that the rebels used chemical weapons - the body of the story states just the opposite. Well, typical AP reporting is it not?

the rebels we paid?  USA CIA biggest terrorists ever

Man, talk about writers block!!! Which is it!a. The us saidb. The us denied it saidc. The us denied it ever happenedd. None of the above

"US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons"eh? ha? what? Mr. KLAPPER you need to PROOF READ before you post your articles....sir. Unless you did it on purpose to lure readers which then I would not be surprised considering how shady yahoo has been with their "journalistic" approach to news.

confussed

FROM WORLD : #$%$ .. Nothing but ANOTHER FALSE FLAG attack .. and Blame Assad .. Gaddaffi had chemical weapons .. US sent those Chemical weaopns from Libya to Syria .. thus the US Ambassador being wasted .. silence any witnesses .. FSA/REBELS = AL QAIDA :)

So did the rebels use them or not?

Hey Yahoo, I can lend you my 9 year old if you need some help proofreading.

I refuse to finish reading an article that can't even get its own title right.

We all know Barrack would never tell a half truth or even a manufactured truth....so....Yeah,  you lying Syrian,  just because you are there where it happened doesn't mean anything.  We got no secrets here in the old U.S.A.   I am sure the truth will come from the White House,  just like in Benghazi.What happen' ,  was that Bush....

obama says it wasn't the rebels, because if a closer review was done of the rebel groups they would have to admit that Muslim Brotherhood is the main push behind the rebel movement just like in egypt, lybia &amp; tunisia and they have been listed before as a terrorist group. but obumer keeps insisting they are a democratic movement and keeps requesting and authorizing billions for them &amp; now john kerry is doing the same thing. I do believe the rebels (which 1/2 the groups are known to be from terrorist groups)would use chemicals then blame the govt to get world support on their side. It will come to bite them in the backside just like what's happening in egypt now.

"YAHOO CEO Marissa Mayer has raised the hackles of Yahoo employees again: Now she's demanding to review every single new recruit's credentials." - ---MAYBE you need to review your stupid writers credentials. They really suck at writing ...............

I am so tired of Yahoo home page and the screwed up writers. Now they are screwing with Yahoo mail. Both the home page and the mail have advertisements at the top instead of the side. Go to Google home page and g-mail. Get the hell out of Syria before we start fighting Russia and China and the Middle east.

Coming soon,,next report US troops on the ground in Syria

chemical blisters are a bietch .

It's not that the headline is misleading.The writer has no head at all.

All of the TV news media are claiming that the Syrian government did the gas attack and don't even mention the possibility that the rebels might be guilty. So much for the "no spin zone"  I guess you have to do some logical wriggling when you back a radical Muslim revolutionary force.

yea ok , your radical muslims terorists so holly ,they would never used chemichal wepons . stop supporting those arabs already

All of a sudden it's "US backed Syrian rebels"...When did that little change in policy come about?  Where is Congress on this?Am I crazy or does the article have the headline "US says Syrian rebels used Chem weapons" and then goes on to say that the Obama White House flatly denies the rebels used chemical weapons? Which is it? So the AP wants all of us who know terrorists exist within the rebel ranks to read this and then be -what -disappointed? It's getting harder and harder to distinguish the propaganda endgame of the Obama media. I think they often confuse themselves in an effort to tow the party line for their great deer leader.

Carney said, adding that if the Syrian regime does use such weapons, "there will be consequences."They better watch out,  Obammy will wag that finger!

This is the second article today I have read on Yahoo where the headline and the story don't match.  Someone needs to hire an editor, proof-reader, or maybe a trained monkey to look at this stuff before it is posted.  Pathetic.

The article didn't confirm the headline. Who employed the incompetent writer?

US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons-headline"The Obama administration flatly rejected a claim by Syrian President Bashar Assad's government that the U.S.-backed Syrian rebels used chemical weapons on Tuesday,..."-first sentence."A U.S. official went further and said there was no evidence either side had used such weapons..."-2nd paragraph"They've provided no indication that Syrian rebels seized some of the stockpiles or acquired such weaponry in recent months."-last sentenceSo what does this say about By BRADLEY KLAPPER-His headline is decidedly misleading. A person glancing through would simply see the headline and assume...

Cannot Yahoo make the title accurate? Bunch of idiots.

With all of our belligerent talk of what would happen if Syria used chemical weapons, it seems curious that we are saying NObody used chemical weapons....when Assad and the rebels are both pointing the finger and saying the other did. Clearly, somebody used them!

oh please! Chlorine gas was heavy in the area as stated in other reports, 1 part ammonia, 1 part chlorine bleach, any dumb #$%$ on the planet can create Chlorine gas which can be lethal. Who cares which side did or didnt do it. Our species will never grow, we will never be any better, we are continually killing each other and we will go the same way as the dinosaur. This just sounds like an excuse for the U.S. government to get directly involved in the conflict.

These Yahoo articles are written by robots and for robots. This explain those random and meaningless word combinations in the title and article text. If you are a human, you must not read these articles.

The article headline contradicts the article itself.  Anyone noticed?!?Help wanted:Yahoo editorsYahoo writersYahoo web page creators

I think Yahoo has been snorting some kind of chemical weapon judging from there headline not matching up with the story. Just say NO yahoo.

stay out of it owebama....

If anyone knows about distracting attention from atrocious performance...it's Obama.

Who's side are you on yahoo? They do, they don't , they did not?????????

How much $ is the US sending to Syria to fuel this civil war? I think we should take care of our own citizens first-which is not being done.

Yahoo you call this journalism.You are worse than the supermarket tabloids.

Headlines ???????? Not what I was expecting to read. Yes I believe the insurgents used chemical weapons and Obama just can't deal with it since he wants his brethren to take over this country also hence Egypt,Tunisia, Libya and so on. All run by militants.

More American propaganda gone wrong!!

So what primates does Yahoo use when proof reading articles for accuracy since the title says one thing, but the article says another? Chimpanzees? Orangutans?Obama is a liar, a coward, a #$%$. These countries are laughing their butts off at the US. He says it's the rebels so he doesn't have to keep his word on drawing the red line. Oh, well, he never worries about keep his word.

Please let some other country take the lead and leave the US out of it for a change. France and Britain seem eager, let them. Bring our people home.

Why is the American government trying to overthrow Syria? Also, can some liberal democrat please tell me why the Obama administration has sent 200 tanks and fighter aircraft to Egypt? That's what I thought!

Obama want's to save all those chem. weapons to use on us

and Sadam has nuclear weapons

I say let them use them all over the Middle East in mass quantities.

What's with the stupid misleading headline?

Barry gets his talking points from AP and yahoo it seems. None of them have any idea what's happening. Yahoo sucks, AP sucks and barrys whole admin really sucks!

What a STUPID headline, Just a reader graber. Yahoo is becoming more &amp; more STUPID.

I guess Yahoo felt we needed to be lied to, because no one would have read the article if it was titled "US Says Syrian Rebels Didn't Use Chem Weapons."please assad kill these rebels before barry soetoro murders you and we end up dealing with the islamist radicals left behind.

Who writes this stuff?

It seems Yahoo can use some chemicals on its headlines and the home page.

I would be fired if I come up with such disturbing headline.

lies, lies, and more lies

I read this article, albiet quickly.....but did anyone actually use chemical weapons...

US says "syrian rebels used chemical weapons", this is the title. the story says "oblamers admin rejects al assad's claim the US backed rebels used chemical weapons? #$%$? way ta go bradley!!! stupid MTF'R!

Am I missing something? The title says "US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons" yet nothing in the story says this. Typical Yahoo #$%$.

Typical Yahoo article, the headline is the opposite of the body. Couldn't have picked a better name for the website. Irony.

Muslims live for war killing others including innocent by standers for centuries. Muslims are the evil of the earth.Obviously it is already too late, the chemical weapons have been deployed and they hit the White House and the so called editorial staff at Yahoo. It was called " white lye number three", highly toxic. The next deployment will be all the " Obama's lye" this week in Jerusalem and the Gaza strip.

Um...I guess the editor is too busy writing left leaning articles advocating for the elimination of our rights in the name of safety instead of doing their job.

"US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons"  I wonder if Yahoo actually read the article.

get ready america, before long this idiot in the whitehouse will do the same to the american people

Why does the title say "US says syrian rebels used chem weapons"I didn't see this anywhere in the article

Do you people have any proof readers?

The Obama Administration promptly blamed the attack on an obscure YouTube video.A.G. Eric Holder denied claims that the chemical weapons were part of "Fast and Furious"

Anyone else see the contradicting headline to the article?Who proof read these things.

Bradley Clapper you are a fool. Can not even get a headline correct.

Listen Up.  Military Industrial Complex is on the verge of Full Spectrum Dominance.  Once Syria falls, Iran will cross the "Red Line".  Full U.S/Israeli  Intervention will be a go.  Where Will the U.S backed Free Syrian Army be, on the ground fighting with us or against us?  Please wake up people its obvious! We are in a constant state of war and we control both sides.  Ike was spot on!does anyone proofread yahoo news stories anymore? the headline states the exact opposite of the article. clearly the yahoo/abc news partnership has failed to provide more accurate news as promised, so I'm out. no more yahoo news for me.

Survey says did not

I agree.  Headline very misleading.

Ultimate Fail

Pay for a proof reader.

Yup...Once again Yahoo mystifies with the editing...I wonder if this is one of the "telecommuting" employees fresh out of bed, sitting there with a cup of coffee in one hand and his pecker in the other??

hmmm makes one think of new world order so to called marshall law ( stiring the pot!!!) things to come???

Wonder who gave these Obama paid terrorists chemical weapons

what do you expect when your news is called "Yahoo"

i believe the columnest should have read the story they were postingProofreading: learn something about it!

Soooo.....is the Obama administration flat out rejecting the truth?  What gives here?

First we attack Iraq when they didn't have weapons of mass destruction and now we give chemical weapons to the rebels in Syria for them to fight their cause.  This is just terrible.

There's a video the rebels put out testing chemical weapons on a rabbit, so I have no trouble believing they used them

I pretty sure Assad was right about the US behind this.We pay Al Qieta to attack,then we will bomb Syria to get ride of the"terrorist"then the Globalist can move in and take over. Sound's pretty crazy dosent it? 1,2,3 what are we fighting for?you know the rest.

They also said that Bengazi was just a riot after a youtube video.

No Folks the Title is correct. Carney never says that they would do anything to the Rebels if they used Chemical Weapons just Assad's Regime. Carney is a liar they know the Rebels used the Chemical Weapons and don't want to get caught in backing Chemical Warfare. Give it 3 or so months and we will find out that the Rebels did detonate some sort of chemical weapons and no one will really care that our own Government was behind it.  Judgement is Coming and has already begun from the Lord Yeshua Ha'mashiach- Jesus Christ the Lamb of God slain from the foundation of the World for our arrogance and disobedience to His Word. We must Repent and call out for Mercy while we still can. The time is coming and be here shortly when men will cry out for Mercy and they won't receive it. Repent and turn to the Creator of Heaven of Earth and His Son Yeshua Ha'Mashiach the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world. He is the only true King and the Holy One of Israel. Come Quickly Lord Yeshua for they have despised your Blood that you shed for them. Lord have mercy on your children who are washed in the Blood of the Lamb. Lord please apply the Blood to the Door post of my Heart and let me faithfully obey your commands, statues and Word. Amen

well then why do they want to arm them?

Al qaeda and their affiliates fighting alongside rebels wouldn't use chemical weapons as a counter-intelligence method, because that would prompt western forces to intervene military and take over the country.  They want the country for themselves, and wouldn't shoot themselves in the foot.  The actual Syrian rebels do not even have chemical agents or the ability to use, let alone handle them.  There's no confirmation yet, but the only plausible executur would be the Syrian government, if a chemical weapon was actually used.

Nuland and obama idiots...arming syrian rebels with what ?? Chemicals of course !Idiot Nuland,, doublestandards, us gvt to arm syrian rebels with what? chemicals ofcourse.,! batres in turkey ! Teribo Obama..

Excellent democracy, small armed group, supported by so called western democratic countries, trashing the whole country. The US and Saudis, as in Afghanistan, supporting these nuts,it is going to create, god knows what...kind of monsters., What is the plan for this region? Is it all to protect Israel interest, with all cost ????

maybe thats where the weapons of mass destruction that were supposed to be in Iraq went.

Wow this is quality reporting here. They must've hired a bunch a yahoos

OK.. Now tell me again Who did what to whom???????

The US missed a great opportunity.  We should have made a deal with Assad:  we in concert with Russia, help put down the rebels, and he drops all contact with Iran &amp; agrees to a non-aggression posture as pertains to Israel.

Typical #$%$ by Associated Press.  The headline clearly contradicts the article.

I always thought that Iraq's chemical weapons ended up with Saddam's buddy Assad in Syria. Saddam used chemicals on the Kurds, but then the chemicals disappeared. No records Hussein destroyed them, inspectors couldn't find them, open border with Syria. Interesting story. Bad headline but interesting events.

i hope Obama do not make same misteik was George Bush,Don t get involved  in other people problems

is it some sort of "opposing view" subliminal messaging or what?Tear gas is now chemical weapons!

Its 2003 all over again.

Be careful folks.This may be used to shed AMERICAN blood.I don't trust obozo,the government msm ,orMuslims.We may dragged into a nightmare that will not go away.Already tody,I have heard the press report that Syria got a big bulk of it's WMD (chemical and biological) from Iraq during Hussein's rule.It seems to me that the same press said that Iraq had no wmds'.

kinda funny how the world was all afraid of the Syrian government using the chemical weapons, when the rebels were the only ones with the motive to do it

"Syria has one of the world's largest arsenals of chemical weapons..."wow, chemical weapon! really? can this CM come from sadam houseim?  let's hunt them down like what we did to sadam houseim?!  oh, #$%$ american politicians! when will you stopping lying?

what a BS headline and a dumb article . . .

So, four hours and counting and Yahoo still hasn't fixed the title. I wonder how long it takes them to change a light bulb...

If the Obama administration denies that rebels used chemical weapons, why is the headline "US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons"?

The Myans predicted that these things could happen.  They invented moonshine while predicting the end of earth last year.  Well now they are baking in hades and I laugh at them.  Shalom

Did I read the wrong article? Where does it say who used the WMDs?"US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons""A U.S. official went further and said there was no evidence either side had used such weapons ..."Huh?

They're doing their part in plainly showing all citizens who read this article that they will uphold their brainwashing tendencies in order to manufacture a system of leadership which will never be considered useless or worthy of an attack against it.  They DO have a purpose, it is to lie in disbelief and still consider themselves to be noble leaders and tellers of the news.

Good old Russia appears to be on the 'right side of history' on Syria. The US and friendswould be well advised to work with Russia for a correct settlement on Syria

Another Lybia quagmire in the making, only this time it's worse in Syria because of thegroups that the US and its Western allies have labeled as terrorists and currently supportand arm in a one track effort to overthrow Assad regardless of the obvious consequences.

The truth finds a way!

nice confusing article bradley "dipsh!t" klapper

When Saddam used chemical weapons against Iranians, USA stayed quiet. So we have lost our credibility to make the call.

Some one is laying!

Nice headline. Fail! See the teacher!

wth is wrong with yahoo now days? no one proof reading before publishing maybe?"Did I do that?"-Urkel (or some crazy Syrian)

headline has changed after this was posted : stupid MF they still don't know who mailed anthraxxxxxx letters and they are saving the terrorists #$%$ who are half way of the world.....Nuclear Terrorist U.A(S)S......

IDIOT BUSH and The REPUBLICAN Taliban Congress is 100% to Blame........They DESTROYED Peace and Prosperity

Boy, does that mean that the radicals group finally got them for real and now using them?

Now Assad's in trouble. Obummer's going to put sanctions on his Starbucks shipment.

The head line look alike the turban of taliban.

The power of confused journalist hehe...:)

Good journalism ethics ...LOL

The white house is denying the allegations by the Assad gov. that the US backed rebels used chem weps. yet the White house is not denying that the rebels use the chem weapons. White house confirms that Assad's Gov. did not use chem weapons. what the article is saying is that the group of rebels that the US supports did not use chem weps, however any other rebel group is likely to have used it.

US stay out of the conflict. Learn from you past mistakes such as Iraq, Afghanistan, Vietnam, etc...Keep the troops at home to protect the homeland. How hard is it not to understand?. . KIM JONG UN’S NUCLEAR LANDMINES:  Kim Jong Un’s  “NUCLEAR LANDMINES” have previously been delivered to U.S. and Europe and are concealed here, in the USA, now! SEE: U.S. House Hearing. 106-158. . The CNN “MISSILE” news article, “MATERIAL IN NORTH KOREA'S NUCLEAR TEST UNCLEAR, WORRYING FOR U.S.” By Jill Dougherty and Pam Benson is  “grossly &amp; wrongfully misleading falsehood”  as  MISSILES  are not needed to deliver Kim Jong Un’s concealed NUCLEAR LANDMINE attacks in partnership with al Queda stealth NUCLEAR LANDMINE attacks against U.S. &amp; Europe.. Kim Jong Un’s Nuclear Hiroshima Landmines concealed inside US &amp; Europemean:  “NO MISSILES NEEDED!”Kim Jong Un’s Nuclear Hiroshima Landmines are concealed under feet of U.S. &amp; Europe. “NO MISSILES NEEDED!”“NO MISSILES NEEDED!”  The U.S. proposed "Anti MIssile Shield" is obsolete like the "Maginot Line" in France before WW2.  SEE: U.S. House Hearing. 106-158NUCLEAR LANDMINE   “MILIEU-ENVIRONMENT”  INFORMATION. Again SEE: U.S. House Hearing. 106-158The nuclear attacks have already happened with hand-carried Nuclear Landmines which cannot beshot down with any missile launched from a "MIssile Shield."The Nuclear Landmine, whether it is the Russian RA115 or the U.S. MADM, is the ultimate "Stealth"Nuclear Weapon of Mass Destruction (NWMD).This greater Nuclear threat problem was described in U.S. House Hearing. 106-158 :The U.S. proposed "MIssile Shield" for Europe and debates about its effectiveness shouldbe understood by asking the following compelling exponential questions for all of  us:"Are there any terrorist Nuclear Landmines now concealed in the city where Ilive with my family?""Are there any now concealed in London, Paris, Washington, Madrid ?”Are world leaders currently standing on-top-of terrorist-concealed'suitcase' Nuclear Landmine Hiroshimas in their capitol cities?These questions can never be answered as: "Definitely No!"U.S. &amp; European politicians predict a 'Nuclear Device' attack on the Westwithin the next five years.SEE:  RELATED MILIEU INFORMATION:'PADILLA'S RADIOLOGICAL DISPERSAL DEVICE':Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz toDeputy Attorney General James Comey (PDF)May 28, 2004:

Millions die here in the US every year from abortion, why focus on Syria, many die here from abortion mills supported by Obama. Use the money here to preserve life.  Then you have Obama, Hilary, Pelosi, Biden promoting alternative lifestyle ( gay marriage ) that means NO Life !  Americans will be extinct soon . No life will be produced from two males or two female unions !!!

The U.S. would never give Chemical Weapons to someone opposing a current government. We never gave Saddam Hussein anything like that... oh wait. Didn't we supply them with the very mustard gas that he later used on his own people? Yeah, we can trust the politicians on this, can't we?

HIRE AN EDITOR.Can't anyone at Yahoo! write?

If one does a search on internet, he will find that chemical weapons are so complex. They are usually composed of many ingredients which will react and make harm when they are mixed together. So there is a recipe.Conclusion: No way rebels could have used Chem weapons because:1) Countries arming the rebels (Turkey, Jordan, Saudi Arabia) don't even own them.2) Russian foreign minister said months ago that Syrian Regime has moved all stockpiles of chemical weapons to a safe area.3) Even if rebels found any Chem weapons, they don't even know the "recipe" of how to use them.4) It was probably a Scud missile (which has the reputation of missing its target) fired by the regime and missed its target and ironically killed pro-regime soldiers.

I think the editors were all fired for competency a long time ago. The destruction of Syria &amp; it's people doesn't mean much to the US. It's not how I feel. It is what I see &amp; hear in my hometown. People seem glad. I watched some youtube video &amp; was saddened greatly. The kids blown to pieces might someday be in our own backyards if people don't wisen up. If given the opportunity, I think most americans would like to stone each other just for their beliefs or opinions. I've had so many people say they wished I would burn in hell because they did not agree with me. It's not only a cop-out, It shows that person wants others to suffer. They would be happy if their god gave some one they don't agree with, eternal pain. They enjoy the thought of it. What has been shown to my eyes in my 45 years of existence is a Christian culture of fear, ignorance, &amp; hatred. I was taught (by Christians) to fear &amp; hate anyone who didn't believe the new testiment. I listened very carefully to everyone. It's apparrent each time I walk down to market. People don't even look at each other they are so scared. Religious people everywhere commiting the most heinious acts in the name of their god including rape &amp; torture. If there is a god, which I personally do not believe ever existited to begin with, &amp; the gates of heaven open, I shall not go inside of my own accord. Gold was never my thing anyway.

KILL!!!! KILL!!!!!!!!!! KILL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

lol u people are sooo smart your on the ground over there so u all know whats actually goin on,,, NOT!!!!!!!!!!!OR maybe a freind of a freind of a friend of somebody is there that told u all right ahahahaah dont comment on what u dont understand or even have a clue about dummys

stupid Al Qaeda using Chemical weapons. We should have learned fighting them in Iraq and Afghanistan that they were bad people. Can't believe we are siding with them now. Obama at his best.

It's definitely a bad thing when I trust the Russians more than our own Administration over this.Commie Yahoo can never get it right. Hey Yahoo, why don't you come away from the Dark Side. The Force is strong where there is Good.

Do these guys recheck what they wrote any school kid can do better. The headline says US said they used chemical weapons but then the article says the opposite. For most people the headlines is as far as they go. I think I will switch back to google.

"The official wasn't authorized to speak publicly on the matter and spoke on condition of anonymity" ~ Why is this annonimous speaker immune from prosecution &amp; Manning is Not?Now, the true way to find out is, lets analyze the Ingredient of the Chemical mixture for accuracy as well as where &amp; how it was deployed! Then interview the people affected.

US says Syrian rebels used chem weapons.   HEADLINE IS WRONG ??

Its "Take Your Kids To Work Day" at Yahoo, and they've left the operation in the hands of the four year olds while the editors are out smoking a fattie in the parking lot!

Wow, Yahoo! needs to hire some new editors.  This is pathetic!

Yahoo wants more clicks...so they do not care what news they push..anything everything...if a kid soiled his trousers it will be news

weapons were used. US trying to cover up stuff up AGAIN

YAHOO: FIX THE HEADLINE...YOU HAVE IT BACKWARDS! (there...is that loud enough???)

The US said if Assad uses chemical weapon, then the US will vaporize him but did not say anything if the rebel uses it.  What a ...Other News Today: US: Syrian rebels didn't use chemical weapons

JUST MORE JEW NEWS LIES!!!!!! NEXT!!!!!

who said what???

I am just curious... how exactly is US "monitoring" the Syrian CW stokpile? Sattelites? Counting trucks?

Why are we (US, EU, NATO) supporting a ragtag group of jihadi islamist rebels??? While Al Assad is not Gandhi, at least he has done a fabulous job of keeping the islamic terrorists at bay. Now we want to aid and arm these "rebels"??? Last time we did that, the "rebel" was Osama Bin Laden. DO WE NEVER LEARN???

who gives a #$%$. they all hate the jews. let them all die for all i care.

obama will do nothing...their not black

Well, it looks like since the U.S Goverment and U.S Media are supporting the Al Qaida Terrorists in Syria. The U.S Goverment/U.S Media do not care if the Terrorists use Chemical/ Biological weapons,even  WMD'S. As long as the Syrian Goverment does not use them it is okay by them. We will see the results of the policyof supporting Al Qaida. I am sure it will pay big dividents for us!

I have suspicion that the reason Yahoo is insisting that all their employees cannot continue working from home because it seems the writers are viewing porn sites and cannot concentrate on any news story.  At least working from the office on office computers, there will be more oversight.

Blame Fox News. Fox News Sucks. Yeh, I said that, you don't like it, tough. Deal with it.Join The Sore Loser Club Jerks, with Romney.You know things are bad when you have Americans beleiveing and supporting Assad against President Obama. By the way the title of this article makes no sense. It says the US says Syrian rebels used chemical weapons, but when you read the article, the US said no such thing. Matter of fact it does not believe any chemeical weapons were used at all. And please, enough with the conspiracy theories. You guys say Obama trained the rebels with US tax dollars. Well, who armed the Iraq goverment with US weapons during the Iraq/Iran war. Who made back door deal with South American rebels for hostages? It always an outrage when the other guy does it, isn't it?

I guess that the author of this article BRADLEY KLAPPER outsourced it to India. This is why there is such disconnect between the title of the article and its content.

Now we know where sadams chemical weapons went. We know we had them, because he used them against his own people. It is simple logic to say Syria bought them from him.

fix the headline goof or I will switch home pagelong time yahoo supporter