For as bad as this is, it could have been much worse.  Last year, a fourteen year old in a Detroit suburb was raped by a football player and pressed charges.  The news media kept her name and face out of the report.  However, one local reporter showed her mother's face during an interview.  A bunch of students from the high school knew the mother and used social media to bully the gir, who committed suicide.  The girl in this case was exceptionally brave to press charges given how people in a small town feel about their high school football teams.

".... a tweet that threatened homicide and said "you ripped my family apart," "Ok, based on this comment alone, that says this girl was a sister or cousin of one of the boys..... this speaks volumes on what kind of morals and responsibility the family has instilled into their kids.

every guy*

#$%$ is wrong with kids these days?

No, she did not rip your family apart, the boys did. Would you still fill this way if it was you they violated? People should put the shoe on the other foot before they speak!

Anyone seen that "moral compass" lately?

Anyone that threatens the victim of any crime should do the time with the convicted.

This generation of kids will one day be the foundation of America. How scary is that? The victim gets no sympathy while the guilty get electronic protection from 2 other female rug rats. Justice has been served but these kids don't know how to recognize the law. Kids today have way too much power with all those expensive electronic I-phones and computers.

Shameful! I sure do miss ethics and civility...Hope they get much, much more than a slap on the wrist!

These two girls are stupid on a minimum two counts.  Making threats to ANYONE and then posting them publicly.  Why do they think the guy convicted is spending an additional year in Juvy??????  These two girls should spend three months in JDC.

I keep hearing about arrests of all the young people, NO, the girls should not be threatening anyone, how would they feel if it were them, but what about the ones who supplied the alcohol to begin with and where were the parents?Every generation gets dumber and dumber because the "consequences" for their behavior gets less and less. How sad that it's just going to get worse until we bring back real punishment.

Which goes to show you that these young girls  leaned NOTHING  form this tragedy.  It was the social media that brought this crime to light but what do they do as soon as the verdict is in?  They go to social media to express their outrage and make threats.  Are the youth in this country that stupid???    If so, the next generation is in serious trouble.

Boy, are girls dumb at that age. This girl is probably at a very fragile state at this point, she could kill herself with all this pressure all she need is having her friends against her

Wonder if these two girls would like it if it happened to them, would they want the law on their side?

A town of this size with 27 Coaches, guess your priorities are all mixed up and 5years from now who gives a #$%$ if you won a State Championship. Anyone that covered this up or had a part in it should be prosecuted and then this type of #$%$ will stop !!!!!!!!!!!!!!

What a bunch of #$%$.

Good! Throw that whole dysfunctional family in jail, then they can all be together again! Obviously they're fine pillars of the community anyhow!

Just like Penn State.  Cover up for the good of the team championship.  So much for good sportsmanship conduct.  Apparently, it's okay to behave badly, just don't get caught.  Shame on any coach, teacher, administrator or parent who tried to cover this up.  No wonder the morality in failing in this Country.

Scary to think these teens are Our Future Adults and Parents.

ANONYMOUS is the only reason these kids are going to jail . That small town would have covered this up .These two got off easy, obviously.  Let this be a lesson to all here: Twitter and Facebook are for those with too much time on their hands, and should be avoided.  I would think these "boys" would have gotten three years apiece, but no.  Guess I was cut from different cloth, the kind that believes no means no.

did your relatives tear her life apart? sit in Juvie for awhile you need it!

This is what happens when sports becomes more important than education anywhere.  All these boys cared about was football.  They along with their parents, other adults and coaches are at fault for this.

Amazing. These 2 girls must be geniuses.

the girls--you cant fix stupid !

The two girls who threatened the victim are another example of how distorted the people there are.  I wonder what it would take to change their thinking?

The unfortunate truth is that this will probably change nothing.

"you ripped my family apart" they say to a victim.Forrest Gump's momma was right: "Stupid is as stupid does"

what is wrong here? the girl gets raped by 2 boys, gets raped again by her classmates, and again by our justice systems? all they got was a year? what does our system get? this is not right.

I think these two girls are missing the point.Put their names up. I want that whole FN house to be taken too.What kind of parents raises girls like that ?(DeWine said coaches are among officials required by state law to report suspected child abuse. Saccoccia has not commented.)Well I guess they're all around a shut up piece of sh-- !NO MORE FOOTBALL. It's obvious. They need punished to show what not to do.Or what not, not to do.Make them the example.You don't report things because it will ruin your game stats ?YOU WILL NOT BE TRIUMPHANT.Boy I wish this would have happened here. There would be some sorry a--recourse. Bet your game on that!.

Stop playing stupid games with these #$%$.Start showing them how cold snd cruel this world can be!A nickel in the local adult prison will solve that problem! And quickly.

I'm shocked by the number of people posting here who feel that the victim deserved what she got because she chose to get drunk.  By logical extension, what you're really saying is if you get so plastered that you pass out and someone takes advantage of your condition by stealing your wallet and car keys, you deserve it because you were drunk.  Is that how it works?

Take their cell phones away or don't buy them one. They WILL survive. I never had one as a teenager, they didn't exist!

Wow, these kids just don't get it.  First of all, the GIRL is the victim here.  And if you are going to threaten someone, don't text, tweet, or put it on Facebook.  They just don't seem to understand how the real world works.

The worst part of this case is that the guilty do not think they did anything wrong!! Most of them are minors- but what about the coaches that covered it up? The coaches are the ones players look up to. Role models for future generations. They need to be dealt with also to show the players how they handled the situation is wrong!!!

Twitter and Facebook are assisting in the dumbing down of America.

This young girl (victim) did not tear that family apart, her brother of family member did. The victim may have been drunk but should never been treated like something disposable. They were so lucky they didn't get more time because this girl will live with this abuse forever. Those boys family couldn't put the other shoe on if it had of been their daughter, they just saw the loss of a football career. So sad for everyone.

Murder and rape seem to run in his family. I wonder if his parents have been 'upstanding' citizens or trash."The older girl was charged with aggravated menacing for a tweet that threatened homicide "

Steubenville seems like a nasty little town that would be a bad place to live. Who knows what else the town elders have covered up to protect their precious little jocks.Bet that woman in the picture wishes they had caught her with a different expression.

All those who knew that this girl had been raped and hurt, yes hurt, should be held responable for not going to the law to take over. She was 16 and this has hurt her and her whole family for life. The sentance was not enough.

Stupid little twatters.

The town should give the Death Penalty (discontinue the football program) to the high school football team.  This sounds like a "Penn St" culture existed at this high school, and it needs to end.  I hope these aren't just words by the police and prosecutors, I hope they go after EVERYBODY, especially ADULTS who contributed to this situation and climate.

The irony is, if convicted, they will probably do more time than the ANIMALS that committed the rape.

Is this a reality show......everything is a reality now right? That's part of the problem today, many people are blind to reality.  The word of the day..........you guessed it Reality.

Can we sterilize the parents?  Obviously, they must be trash.

this society puts the importance of sports above every thing else.  Just like Paterno did for the pervert coach he protected.  Prosecute all that are envolved in the cover up.  Coaches parents every one.

Sports are important only in the mind of the fanatic. They produce nothing useful, and they drain the economy. The more the people waste money on sports, the worse the economy gets.

The boys got what they deserved. They obviously thought they were above everybody else, just by the smirk on the kids face. They need a lesson in morals, where are the parents? I haven't heard anything about the parents at all. They were old enough to make the decision to commit an illegal act, if not now surely when they got to the big leagues.I blame the parents.  Hope those brats get the max. time.

Bring em all that were involved to justice, do it now, set a presidence for the future !

so these two thought it was ok to threaten her? especialy after some many arrests lately for threats?

Where these 2 the same hooches that talked bad about the girl during the trial ?! Steubenville a perfect example what the joks ( &amp; their little lying girlfriends)  in this country are made of............jmo

If they don't make them all answer for what they did or didn't do, this will continue. The ones to blame are behind bars. That girl didn't do this to herself, but she gets the blame for it all from these two. I just wonder were they at that drunk fest too??? This kind of thing happens in the best of families as well as the worst. The difference is, some people have enough money to hide it better than others. Being on welfare doesn't mean a thing. I know people on welfare that have a better "moral compass" than most that aren't. Try teaching your kids better, take those phones away that they can txt &amp; take pic's with and they won't get themselves &amp; there friends in so much trouble. Then watch there laptop &amp; pc useage better. I know who uses mine and why. My grandkids don't have cell phones...there parents told them "NO". There is 1 pc in the house in the living room...they can't hide from there parents that way. When they reach 16, they have to work for there 1st car and pay the insurance &amp; gas. They don't get everything handed to them. The moral compass of the parents is at play here too. What happened to making your kids earn what they have? They feel entitled because your there parents and you "OWE" them. I had to earn what i have, I made my son earn what he got and his kids have to do the same. Why do people just hand this stuff over to there kids and think nothing can go wrong?

This town should be elected as the best kept secret on the how to raise your kids ideas

Well now it's just getting stupid.

typical, stupid little girls....I am delighted...I hope they hold them til they are 21.....someone needs to teach them respect and it is obvious their parents are NOT doing the job!

Does Yahoo LOOK for photos where people are smirking and grinning about serious topics?

excuse whoever you think you are it was your cousin who violated that young lady and if it had been you violated you would have wanted someone prosecuted. Put your big girl panties on and suck it up.  As far as I am concerned that should stay in the detention center until they are 21. I would have preferred it if they had been charged as an adult. I sure hope that other charges will come out of this. How many times have things been overlooked because of a sports team.Because football is much more important than education.Sounds like Texas.High School Sports are a total misuse of eduation funding.Dump the teams and concentrate on actual PE for all.

Let me get my belt and I shall introduce the girls to a short course of "Behavior Modification."!!!!!  I am talking about ALL OF THEM    !!!

Sadly a lot of this whole case has to do with the way that sports players even a piddly little stupid high school football team are revered and made to feel that they are above the law. The pro players...even worse. This Country and its absurd celebrity making of sports stars, half of which are dumb #$%$. I guess these two boys are sex offenders..they "offended" a young girl...but they're also boys being boys, and if they can get away with doing this to some "Biach" (their word for women I'll bet) ... they will...and these boys obviously felt it was ok to to commit lewd acts on an inebriated girl. Crazy. And for these two girls to side with them instead of their own gender as this could easily have happened to them...well, pay back's a "Biach." :)

Just because they are football players doesnt mean they are any better than the next person, but it is sad when some of these younger kids want to look up to them. And what are they looking up to( rapist) Just like the picture above showing the one boy with that silly grin on his face like he thinks they are not going to do anything to them. Just like the Alabama football players that beat up some guy and robbed him (FOR WHAT ). Just because they wanted to.

everyone who stood by and watched this happen deserves some sort of punishment. We all have to own and be responsible for the decisions we make in life. The rules apply to all not just a few. No one deserves that to happen to them. She will have to own the fact that she drank to the point she was oblivious to her surroundings and her friends will have to own the fact that they stood by and didn't watch out for their friend. Parents will have to own the fact of not reigning their kids in with their excessive partying, drinking and overall cocky attitudes. The coaches, school and residents will have to own the fact that they put football above the safety of their children and continue to feed the egos of sports figures to make them feel the rules don't apply to them. We all have sisters, mothers, daughters, how would any of you feel if this had happend to one of them.

The lady to the left in this photo appears to have been into the bottle a bit!

I hope they nail the coaches who covered this up, they are no better than these punk girls.

To bad that facebook, twitter, etc.....has shown just how big this problem has been. There's a lot of horrible parenting, and educators out there that have claimed there kids are awesome. Now they don't like the fact that their own kids, and students, prove how poor of a job they have done. I don't feel sorry for anyone involved in this ongoing case. Maybe the rest of the country will GROW UP and start parenting.

Hope they make an example of these two girls.  The message should be loud and clear.  Threatening a victim for seeking justice should warrant a penalty of ten years in jail...possibly longer.   Someone needs to make these girls understand that it is NOT the victim who did anything wrong.  Most young people try drinking at some point.  Not that I'm condoning it.  But it should NOT end in rape.  It took tremendous courage for the young girl to come forward and press charges.  It doesn't take any courage to post threats on social media.  Just stupidity and ignorance.

whats up with the womans expression in the pic ? WOW !!!What is wrong with his town of people. Do you need to be raped to understand what has happened to this young girl? After following this story, it just seems like a lack of humanity toward this child and I hope they find out and prosecuute if they can those who tried to cover this up. Shame on them all.

Did you notice in the article that they are still worried about their sports program? Who cares?? These people need to get their priorities in order.

Holy #$%$.  A town of 18,000 and the local high school football program has 27 coaches?  I would suspect half the town was involved in the cover up/defense of their gifted jocks.

what is wrong with the youth of today?  They have absolutely no respect for others and are so stupid as to put this out to the world--What makes them think this is cool?  They obviously did not think they did anything wrong.  Their own worst enemies.  And these stupid 2 girls, I guess they didn't learn a lesson from the court when the 2 boys were convicted.  I also think the others that were present and did not do anything to stop this act, are just as much to blame.

Did anyone see those smug looks on those jerks faces? That tells you the town takes care of there jocks and they don't have anything to worry about, boy am I glad she stood up for herself and so did the law.

I pray that this experience turns this town around. It sounds like a lot of them NEED to be turned around. I am praying that the victim somehow finds peace and can PEACEFULLY move on with her life. God and your family will see you thru this even if some others won't.

Looks like this circle of friends those two guys are in are pretty much of the same mentality. Sounds like Ohio needs to leagalize abortion in the 31st trimester.

Put these two little  H.O.S away, not only for threatning the Girl but also for stupidity with a capital STUPIDITY.

THIS is how America's moral compass will find true north again; holding people (especially younger people) responsible for their actions. I say again, I hope they go after EVERYONE involved in this; coaches, parents, friends, etc. It is time to stop letting people off the hook because they can play a sport or because they are "just kids". That's part of what got us into this mess in the first place.

Loving liberals now going out of their way to prove that their conviction was not sexist or racist! I have no hope for my or any nation when people disregard common since to be politically correct! Suspected of, what the hell is that! These idiots in this picture should be facing charges!!!!!!!!!Throw their #$%$ in jail..

What this all boils down to is the failure of the Church in both our Cities and Suburbs, There was a time, prior to WWII and women entering the Work Force in large numbers, that our Churches provided everything that the Government now provides. Both Catholics and Lutherans provided a Church, K thru 12 Education, Hospitals and even Nursing Homes. Better people make a better Nation and we need to get back to that. Pronto!

Growing up in Ohio and then emigrating later to Texas, my memories of those from the south eastern part of the state are not fond memories...Seems that a lot of serious inbreeding has occurred  over the course of generations...The various churches in the area have a great deal of work ahead of them if they're up to it.....

Where is anonymous? Why are they not protesting against the girls?

Serve some justice on them for their threats. They will for the first time in their lives respect a fast moving force. They are out of control and no better than the 2 boy rapists. Teens are dangerous in this mode so better to teach them a lesson early before they carry out their threats. They are trash anyway so burn them good. It will send a message to millions of these yuppie lavaestaht their a rules and you can't use social media to hide behind as the cowards they are.

I'll bet if this had been David and Garrisons daughter they would be singing a different tune. This girl couldn't defend herself and these boys took advantage of her, along with the rest of those kids who failed to protect her or do anything to help her.These kids don't know what responsiablity is.Because thier family don't know what it is or how to teach it.

So, these two must be an example of the disloyal and stupid females that say of the victim "she was partying with them, she was asking for it".... NO, she was DRUNK - she couldn't legally or morally 'ask' for anything!   Alcohol-drunk-impaired judgement-unable to give consent !!!

Sad to say, I wouldn't be surprised if the girl and her family end up moving.  Small towns are hard to become invisible in.  I hope she stays strong and gets the help she will need, including the drinking issues.I hope parents who are more concerned with careers and social sites will start paying attention to their most important job: parenting.

This whole mess should of never happened, to blame just the kids is wrong.  Todays kids are raising themselves so they don't know any better, because their own parents don't have a clue. With all the school officials, and word of mouth in schools, I am surprised that anyone was let off so easy.  Make no mistake these boys are rapist.  No if ands or butts. As for the girls posting on twitter just shows that they have no moral compass.  Hello parents everywhere this is what happens when you let your kids raise themselves............... WAKE UP

When are these kids going to learn?  You can't spread stuff on social media and think that you are going to get away with it.  Let's hope that this will deture others from trying something like this.Maybe if these girls are thrown in jail, they'll find out how it feels to be violated

what gets me is the fact that all the press is about the poor boys' future what about the victim?

WOW!  I bet their mothers are proud!  These people need to run, not walk, to their nearest mental healthcare provider.  The lack of humanity, compassion, empathy… basic human dignity is just sad.

Parents, please raise better children.  They are our future and they are too many of the brats making negative headlines. . . . rapists, murderers, haters, dropouts, etc.  The parents of every single child involved in this matter is accountable for their child's action.

Folks, look around you.  It is the parents.  They could care less what their children do as long as their children respect and love their family members.

the court should have made fillies out of the two then they would not want to rape again.

and WHAT relationship did they have to the boys in question?  jUST DOING THEIR CIVIC DUTY!  WHERE ARE THE PARENTS IN ALL OF THIS?

Those boys should have gotten a lot harder sentence.

Does anyone "truly " have a conscience anymore ?  threats tweeted by the "family member" are indicitive of gang retaliation rather than a hurt family member. good to see the charges brought.  rational people filter and delete their baser thoughts. i understand they are  15 / 16 years old ,but most people know that threatening another human being with physical harm , publicly ,is wrong by that age.  if not, they will always resereve a place for them in prison or , bad reality tv.

sick town sick family.Good job by Ohio officials and law enforcement.

I can't help wondering if there is also an ulterior motive to these two new arrests and widely publicizing the threats. Could this possibly be a warning for a certain family from West Virginia to stay out of Steubenville?

Those kids in Ohio are a mite teched. Must have started at Kent State when the militia killed defenseless students.

Man, I've never seen a town where rape is cheered for like a football game. This town is just a piece of chit. What a bunch of sick bas-turds.

We had gen x (my generation), then gen y, now we got gen stupid. Story after story of kids doing stupid #$%$, then incriminating themselves via mass media. This whole town sound like a bunch jock worshiping morons. Probably all attend the same church too. So much for morals and integrity .

If anyone on that coaching staff is named Sandusky,,,LOOK OUT!

Anyone posting thumbs down on these comments should be ashamed.These two girls along with anyone else remotely involved with this case should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law

Thank you Anonymous for helping keep this case in the light, instead of swept under the rug.

I don't know if you could steam clean the whole town if it would get rid of the stench.

Its just like society today to blame others. Try taking responsibility for your actions.The boys got less than they really deserved, they knew better, the girls are finding out that justice can be done. Wise up kids, you are not untouchable, and if you are over the age of 13 we expect you tou to live within societal standards, no exceptions.

If the coach and administration tried to hide this it recalls the Jerry Sandusky/Penn State folly.  When do people learn?

Real friends dont allow you to get that passed out drunk!

There is so much more involved in this case then just what we learned from this article! We need to not worry so much about where the alcohol came from as we adults all know how easy it is for kids to get their hands on it. What is more concerning is how these kids are getting the Roofie's drug...which is what she was given that caused this criminal activity! Had it not been for the online Anonymous group none of us would even know about this because Steubenville has been known for hiding the crimes of their football team players!! My hope is that every person... adult or child involved, is prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law! This case is disgusting in that so many people knew or were involved and did nothing! As Martin Luther King said..those that chose to be silent are just as guilty as those who performed such criminal acts! Steubenville lacks the integrity to do what is required to hold everyone involved accountable...which is why the Ohio Attorney General's office had to oversee this case! Do your due diligence and research this case for yourself, and you will find that these kids had even recorded a video and posted it on YouTube! And this CHILD will have to deal with this for the rest of her life...may God help her and her family!

As the generations keep moving on it keeps getting worse

Send them to the same prison that two dirt balls that they were protecting

What is wrong with these inbreds?

Parents of boys should start teaching their sons the difference between boys and girls, please! educate them on the human body, because boys were born with 2 heads doesn't make them smarter. Parents encourage your sons to think with the larger of the two.

The two girls need to learn that their boyfriend raped a 16-year old girl and now they are threatening to kill the rape victim. I hope those two girls get raped in prison.

football is for the devil.Bet their not laughing now.................

sentenced to year in juvenile ??? #$%$ ???dumbais jock punks never seem to get in trouble for #$%$ do they ???

Salute finaly the law is doing what it should arrest them...

Ever notice that is exactly how every City Manager looks when they are scared that they will be caught. Her job support football that cash cow for her City.

The actions of these boys is inexcusable and their punishment is, IMHO, far too light. However, one thing overlooked in this story is that the underaged girl had illegally drunk herself into such a stupor she didn't at first realize it had happened to her. She practices self-control and this doesn't happen to her.  Not an excuse for the monsters who did it, just a warning to the other "party girls" out there.

Wow, this town should be renamed 'STUPIDVILLE'! The stupidity is rampant.

Shows how much influence sports programs have in schools now days. The 2 boys got off way to easy and since were tried as juviniles no record after they are released. If it were your daughter you would be screaming for the slap on the wrist they received. CNN never spoke about the victom just how sad it was for the 2 boys. I mean the girl Should not of been drinking at her age none of them should of. Where were the adults of this house? They should be held responsible as well. Not heard them say they were looking for who furnished the liquor either. And how about those that stood around and laughed took pictures and videos put them out to everyone? To me that is a judge that needs to be replaced.

Kids know more about the alleged victim than the judicial body. Eventualy the truth will come out.

&lt;PHOTO&gt; That women standing on the left...She has that facial expression, you want to just punch in the mouth....RITE.?

Silly wackadoodle liberals.How sad it is when you can trust someone looking to have fun and look what happened to that young girl.I believe if alcohol was not involved that incident would not have taken place,they all need to get 3 life sentence I hate when any female is violated in that way or any disrespectful way

Our brain dead AG Mike DeWine talks a good story but doesn't have the brains to do anything right.  Does he think online threats are a problem?  It's the black kids who did all the damage.

woman in picture is poster child for #$%$ eating grin!!

Wow...! Good for them, but...wow! Maybe people will start to take this social media thing a little more seriously from now on!

Mike DeWine looks like he has mental health issues

Give them the chair or cut their balls off. Problem solved.

The rape victim was known to be a liar.   What convicted the two boys in this case was the online posting of the incident.   One cannot believe liar under any circumstances.   These girls probably know the "victim" and were telling it like it is.

for sure these two girls wern't raped

There is so much more involved in this case then just what we learned from this article! We need to not worry so much about where the alcohol came from as we adults all know how easy it is for kids to get their hands on it. What is more concerning is how these kids are getting the Roofie's drug...which is what she was given that caused this criminal activity! Had it not been for the online Anonymous group none of us would even know about this because Steubenville has been known for hiding the crimes of their football team players!! My hope is that every person... adult or child involved, is prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law! This case is disgusting in that so many people knew or were involved and did nothing! As Martin Luther King said..those that chose to be silent are just as guilty as those who performed such criminal acts! Steubenville lacks the integrity to do what is required to hold everyone involved accountable...which is why the Ohio Attorney General's office had to oversee this case! Do your due diligence and research this case for yourself, and you will find that these kids had even recorded a video and posted it on YouTube! And this CHILD will have to deal with this for the rest of her life...may God help her and her family!

You know, rape cases like this happen every weekend at every high school/college party. Where there is alcohol and drunk people...things like this WILL happenThis entire gene pool needs to be terminated.

She was drinking. What the boys did was wrong, they deserve punishment but she was wrong too. Why does everyone forget her part in this? Sixteen year old girls have no business at parties getting drunk. Where were her parents? Her punishment is the rest of her life knowing her part in this whole mess, her rebellion, her attitude that she would do what SHE wanted to do. Her parents will pay too because their lives in that town will be imossible from now on. The boys will spend the rest of their lives living with this as well. Their chance at a good life is gone because of really bad judgement, encouraged evidently by the adults who were supposed to be hosting the party. Let's spread the blame around because it seems to me that the whole town deserves a share not just the boys.

athletes, no matter what their age, feel an enormous sense of entitlement because they can make a basket, throw a touchdown, etc.  we as a society, allow these illiterate, for the most part, young people, get a pass for behavior that seems to be acceptable to a certain segment of our society.  they are treated like royalty, cheat in school, cheat in general and then rape girls, women, maybe even some boys, and heads are turned the other way.  good for the law in the state of ohio, hopefully more charges will come from this and people will re-evaluate someone who thinks they can do what they want because they have "some" athletic talent.

Girls: Don't you realize that you c/have been victims yourselves or maybe in the future.Don't you have any respect for yourselves?  What has happened to America's morality?

Mostly underage drinking party, where were the adults, teach your kids tomake better decisions about where  to go and get out if there is no adult supervision. if al three of these teens would have made better decions this could have been  avoided.

I was a teen parent 18 when I had my first child...I think that I parent well but some of my peers in my generation just don't get it, and then you have 40yr.old using in vetro to have kids and most have twins or more, can't wait to see life when those kids get around 18, Lord have mercy on us all...

They learned how to cry after the fact. After football was talking away from them. Happy valley should pay a visit to this town. Pathetic.

Why is it that when a teenager says she is raped that nothing is ever investigated as to how often or how many time this young girl is having sex. Young girls in high school should be as responsible as boys when it comes to sex but nothing if anything is ever investigated about the so called victim it is just understood that they are telling the truth not mater what. Lets put things like this on a level playing field and then just see how far the investigation goes.

Many young people to not think before they act. Morals have gone out of the window as they are not taught by the parents right from wrong.Furthermore, they bow to peer pressure in wanting to be popular. Parents no longer have rights to dicipline their kids for fear of being carted off to jail for abuse. So sick and tire of  the killing, raping and stealing..... the jails are getting fuller each day. God help us all.

Gosh who has or will pork them?  Maybe once they are locked up and become someones jail house property their life will really changemaybe the two boys and now these two girls will get raped in prison and know how the victim felt

Too blasted easy to be very very brave and stupid with the mass of social media availabletoday. Too many believe you can just hit the reset button in real life like you dowith the X-box, etc. What you do while playing the games is distrub a few electronsbut in real life your actions effect real people.

Atleast someone is working for the Tax-Payer... Way to go.... AG!

Is this all that's happening in Ohio?  Seems Ohio does not have much control over their kids and what they do.  Yes, bad things happen with kids everywhere, but we hear about Ohio's kids every other week.  There are much more serious things happening in the world, and we will need the kids to carry on.  Maybe they need responsible parenting.

This isnt the story as I've seen it reported elsewhere. It wasnt fingers, and it wasnt just vaginal.

Whatever.

Dumb blacks.

Oh yeah, arrest those "rapist hating" girls!!!!

OMG stop the world I gotta puke. what the hell is going on with kids today? The courts have taken the power away from parents and adults to discipline thier children, and what we have left is utter madness. just look at what was going on 30 years ago and today. makes me wana climb right into my waterpipe man.

Yes arrest the ones who sent the threatens, and the coach and who ever didn't report this crime. They are just as guility.Yahoo... why do you censor simple comments?

My girlfriend still gets threats by her rapist and his family 6yrs later. After he did 3yrs in jail. The ppl around him supports

Ok, just a question....why are the two folks with DeWine smirking?

Sounds like a great movie. I will get started right away!!!!

I cannot believe that this little town still wants their 15 minutes of fame in the news media extended --your town should be called Stupidity My God stop airing the dirty laundry of your young children .did they do bad yes -- so who out there will say that this kind of actions by youngsters needs to be dealt with ???? so let's go get the 27 coaches even Jr hi coaches --my God --WAIT just a minute --why not Go after the real guilty party's that caused all this to happen ,, What adult or Adult's provided the Alcohol to minor's --why not go after the Adults that provided a house for these party's --come on left one party to go to another party -- but lets go get the youngsters and bring them to justice -- why were Adults in this hick town ---condoning these kinds of party's --- its not like NO ONE knew about these things were going on all the time -- there are laws against giving alcohol to minors -- Ya think those laws are there because youngster do stupid things when under the influence of alcohol  ---YA THINK ?????  The news people need a story they need to go on up to D.C. and wade thru congress and the White House now there is some dirty laundry that needs some airing outstupid --ville -- you are like Nero fiddling while Rome Burnt down -- Mr prosecutor Ya do real good chasing after school age Children --my Question is Why do you not go after the Adults that caused this Tragedy

These people need to run, not walk, to their nearest mental healthcare provider.  The lack of humanity, integrity, compassion… basic human dignity is just sad.

Did she get in trouble for under age drinking?  Why did she go down to the basement?  Just asking this, did she like being touched in the car?  She has to be held accountable for something!!!

They were probably cheerleaders and the boys were star(?) football playas! Maybe we should treat football like guns. Ban a great game because of afew bad nuts.

Wow now I know what digital penatration is. My question still stands. If the victim was face down what orfice did they penatrate. some one is lying. no semen found. did they do a rape test whats up here.

For these girls to make threats was really stupid. However, this so called victim's poor conduct and under age drinking helped create this mess and I think her and her family should pay the courts back for all the cost that occurred. I still feel there should be some shared responibility for what happened.I don't excuse what they did but #$%$ is a 16 getting that drunk and ditching her friends to hang out with football players?? Sounds like a #$%$ to me, Teen Mom 3 up and coming!

How do we know that the girl wanted to have sex with them and just blamed them for raping her because I hear alot of those stories

I'm tired of hearing about the stupid antics of kids.  Teenagers will never stop taking and making bad choices.  Somewhere along the line responsibility and respect need to be learned.  Please keep all these drinking kids in Ohio.

Why are they being arrested that's going up against there freedom of speech right I can say I can kill anybody as long as I dnylt do it and I can see where u guys are coming from it really isn't there business

That hidieous looking fe=MALE prosecuter, she still has that goony look on her dimple pussed face? This is the problem with the legal system today! You have an influx of ugly Dikey, Hermorphaditic, looking wo=MEN, who are very Misandric towards MEN!

Give them the chair or cut their balls off. Problem solved.

No one seems to look at the girls actions. 16 &amp; drunk? Just asking for trouble.

The girl that got "rape" should feel horrible. With her stupidity she ruined lots of lives.

Just a #$%$ acting like a #$%$. What more would you expect. Take the #$%$ out o the hood, cant take the hood out o the #$%$.

Some ppl should just listen to the facts first it is not the boy felt it is the girl felt to; she should have not been drinking like that wear she could hold her liquor.Oh those crazy n-words, there's no way of stopping them.

"said the girls arrested Monday posted threatening comments on Twitter" Are you kidding ???? MR D.A --- are you still Chasing school age children and now for tweeting ---O MY GOD  you Sir need to put your BIG BOY PANTS On and Go get some Adults and leave the Children alone --- I hope this Stupidity is limited to this hick town and not the whole state MY GOD!!!!!!!!!!! UN-Believable

We will probably never find out the identity of the 16 year old that was supposedly raped. Very unfair.