Sometimes it is ridiculous at the arrogance of some people in here. They think every project in other countries, every dollar spent not matter where comes from the Us taxpayers. let me tell you that's not the case most industrialized countries and the no-so industrialized have their own money, their own resources, banks hard working people not every country in the world is an Israel.

PETROBRAS is flush with cash.They don't need and don't get our money.  You parrots need to learn a different tune.

Bribes, kickbacks and fraud will make up most of the "investment". Socialism at its finest.

Would the money they are investing be the money Obama gave them from U. S. taxpayers money  by any chance? IMPEACH OBAMA.

While Obama blocks the Keystone Pipeline and other drillings here in America, he gives tens of Billions to Brazil so they can drill there.In more saner and just times he would be impeached and brought up on charges of treason

We can take lessons from this. But our government knows everything . RIGHT?

wonder how much of that money was ours?

James the XlPipline will not benefit the Americans and it would be like having a carbon bomb in your own back yard.

There's an interesting article in the Financial Times about Petrobras. Brazil found three giant oil reserves, two in 2010, and one in 2011 which will catapult them into the 1st oil producing country in the world by 2020 which is interesting because it is in the west and doesn't have the political problems that are in Venezuela. It's culturally and geo-politically viable.

Their net income was 10.3 billion in 2012     dont need moneyThey already make a large amount of gas from suger cane

Theres that American stimulis money Oboma gave the Brazilian goverment. Raise there oil fields and suppress our oil fields.... Hummmmmm  He must have stock over there

Google this...... from a Wall Street Journal article, August 2009...... "Obama invests in Petrobras Offshore Drilling" ..... George Soros was in it on the scam as well.... Ripping off American tax payers to the tune of 2 BILLION

You do know that Obamaduma gave BILLIONS of tax payers $$$$ TO Petrobras, RIGHT??? question is WHY???? When he won't support Keystone Pipeline

Has Petrobras thanked Obama for swindling the American taxpayers for a percentage of these projects?

That is going to be a windfall for a lots of American Companies who sell this Technology.