Mugabe and his cronies do what they want anyway.

For a country rich in gold and diamonds, these people shouldn't be living like this.  The country has been mishandled for decades hopefully the people someday can get their country back.  Where else in the world can you have a $500,000,000,000 bill worth less than 10 cents.  The people sell them on the streets to tourists to make a living.

Redistribution at it´s finest hour. Socialisms garranteed outcome and for those in basements. Yes I do know what it means. I have seen it first hand not in the Democrat sheep´s handbook.

Mugabe pretty much ruined his nation. I hope they can turn around. Maybe in a century they will be where they were when Mugabe took over...

The result of the referendum will read---MUGABE IS GIVEN ABSOLUTE POWER

Nobody wins when one race rules another. The most successful country's incorporate all their people. Both South Africa, and Zimbabwe, went from one extreme to the other, and both country's are in a world of hurt now, with some of the highest crime rates in the world, and the lowest standards of living.

Amazing how these old Communists hang on forever. This guy was worse than any of the previous white leaders, as bad as they were. He killed thousands of his countrymen black, and white, and tortured thousands more.

Mugabe was a terrorist back in the bush war days of the 70's and he is a terrorist today. They should have never let him out of jail back then. Rhodesia will never be anything but a s@#t hole under black rule with or without him.

He is a racist, white farmers have been beaten,jailed and killed and their farms taken. What use to be a productive country is now a sh.t hole.

A little late.They got that right, executive dictators don't cut it, they cost too much driving up your debt as they spend like kings.

The world is watching....hoping the people take back their power.

I asked God to free Zimbabwe from Mugabe. Hopefully he soon will.

The dumb a$$ed population will vote for the "strong man" every time. If there is a chance that the election would change anything it will be destroyed by corrupt officials in the Mugabe administration, extending their continued control. Zimbabwe is the greatest tragedy in African history. They went from the breadbasket of Southern Africa with their great farms, supplying themselves and other surrounding countries with food,  to a nation of starving people, hanging by a thread, with charity from the International Community and especially the United States to keep the country's people alive. What a shame. Another example of "independence" was Mozambique. The communists and fascists destroyed this country over thirty years and is just now starting to come back. Their recent moves to allow big game hunting again is one that is bringing in considerable foreign cash to help the tribes and the government. I pray for them.

"AMERICA votes on curbs to president's power"Break out the champagne!! Wait! Aw shucks, I was dreaming...

white folks who are small minority, when they were running the private sector of that country, it was a prosperous place for many. black folks run them off and that country becomes a place of misery for most. is a common story.

Hahaha best laugh of the day!

People get the govt they deserve...most victims of violence now (except whites) cheered Mugabe on as he slaughtered political opponents in the 80s. Now they are crying foul coz the shoe has changed sides, they made him, let them have him.

Sadly, all will be for naught. There hasn't been a free and fair election in Zimbabwe since Dictator for Life Mugabe came to power!

Country went from being a food exporter to starvation being rampant... You think thirty years is enough time to get the message across?  Mugabe and obiwan have the same political background/training...BS

Every time I see a picture of Africans they're always black Africans.  Their prime ministers and presidents are all black.  Their mayors and government officials are all black.  Seems to me that Africans are a bunch of racists who only want to live around others who share their skin color.

Rhodesia and S. Africa were once the 2 bright economic lights amidst the corrupt, tribal- warfare wracked continent, even if they were ruled by aparthied-white governments. Blacks immigrated there for work and a chance for a life that the black-ruled countries would not offer. At least S. Africa made a decent transition to majority rule, while Zimbabwe is a complete basket case. They don't even have a currency anymore due to hyper-inflation. They were a food exporting country until Mugabe's goons appropriated all the white-owned farms...now they are facing food shortages. Sad what happens when "freedom" occurs in places that can't handle it. What is worse? Oppression from people of a different color, or oppression with economic collapse by people the same color as you?

He took land from the white farmers and gave it to the blacks who voted for him; They all loved him. Now the country is bankrupt and those same people are starving; you got what you deserve.

There will be a lot more dead people in Rhodesia if they vote against mugabe.

"Accused of waging violent crackdowns...?!" Mugabe's abuses are well documented and rise beyond accusations. His first priority on taking power in 1980 was directing the slaughter of 10,000 members of the rival ZAPU movement.

Article mentions nothing about killing off and burning out white farmers? How very odd and surprising [sarcasm]. This whole vote on limiting powers is another African joke, since it will be voided by the next walk-on-knuckles strongman.

Mugabe should be stuffed and put on display.

Do the patriotic thing, Mugabe, Die.

Zimbabwe is looking better and better now if we could only have this kind of control over Obama to limit his executive orders.Hopefully, Blood-soaked Mugabe will die soon and Zimbabwe will have a sane government.

Wow.  Mugabe won.  How sad.  These "curbs" ensure that he dies in office and that the opposition candidate who will likely replace him is completely hamstrung.Too bad they didn't have oil, or the West would have replaced him a long time ago.

It must be nice to "curb"a president.Ours is in the ditch trying to find a deeper hole.

Mugabe is a tyrant who has destroyed a productive, verdant country. He is the worlds poster boy for Black Racism run amok. It is too bad the PC croud will not accept this.

Too late for America.

Why do they get this in Zimbabwe, yet here in the USA we let the politicians roll over us? Oh, American Idol is on. We have convenience to distract us from reality. Ah, I see.

We could give them obama.  It would be a perfect fit, they need a new president and he could blame everything on his predecessor.

We need ti clip out president's power. He thinks he is the king of the world with his executive orders giving money to radical islam and his drones and unconstitutional spying on Americans.

Expect the 33 year term limit for the President to be lowered to 30 years for the next thief that gets"elected".

Wish we here in the US could have a similar vote.How one monster has destroyed a country. the country is destroyed and mugabe's daughter is living in a 7 million dollar Townhouse in Hong Kong.Once mugabe's is buried ,the  new government will seize this house and all the assets of this thief.

From this article it sounds like the path that America is now on, we need to take away some of Obama's power.

Too late for America.

The black citizens took a remarkably short time to return Rhodesia to the neolithic condition the rest of Africa finds itself in....South Africa will find itself in the same condition soon enough...

How one monster has destroyed a country. the country is destroyed and mugabe's daughter is living in a 7 million dollar Townhouse in Hong Kong.Once mugabe's is buried ,the new government will seize this house and all the assets of this thief.

The day Zimbabwe will be free again. Zimbabweans will celebrate.

One reason all the black farms failed was the reinvestment money needed from each years profits to buy fertilizer, pesticides and labor force salary was spent on mercedes with gold rims and guns/drugs. At 80% unemployment, the vast majority are being supported by the West. England is the main victim but for some reason, we Americans are supporting people who keep supporting Mugabi. If we had let them mass starve to begin with, they would soon realize Mugabi is a total moron.

Too late for America.

China has been cozying up with Zimbabwe for the last several years. China supports corruption and dictators. China is a terrible country.

Mugabe could reasonably live to 100 and still be in power with or without this deal, so I see why he'd personally accept the changes.Nobody lives forever. Death will overtake him.

yeah, the US ARMY! (replying to Joe and Brenda)

Africans can t govern themselves. Only thing they know is war, looting and destroy.

This is what we need to do. Cut presidential power. Back to what the constitution requires. We thought we elected FDR but got a Robert Mugabe instead.

The people of Zimbabwe got what they voted for. Its starting to sound familiar closer to home.

I wish the people of Zimbabwe the best of luck- they're going to need it.  Overthrowing the legacy of imperialism and establishing true democracy is never easy; it wasn't easy in the US and it won't be easy in Africa.  Mugabe wasn't created in a vacuum and the world mustn't make the easy, racist mistake of concluding that Africans can't govern themselves. Dictators of all races emerge from chaos.

The new constitution would set a maximum two five-year terms for the president, starting with the next election, expected in the second half of this year. But the limit will not apply retroactively, so Mugabe could rule for another two terms.At 89 now, do you think he has far to go from here!!!

I wonder if the New Black Panther Party will be poll watchers?

no cash left in reserves huh zimbabwe? corrupted country...

Beautiful, prosperous, safe, and secure Rhodesia, was destroyed with Soviet &amp; Chinese communist &amp; their liberal fellow travelers support from the West assistance. Now its a cesspool like all the other former white african nations.Mugabe's daughter, Bona is living in a stolen  7 million dollar townhouse in Hong Kong.while regular zimbabweans are starving.lets pray  for the day when mugabe joins Chavez and we take back the billions with all the toys he and his gang of drug infested parasites have stolen.The EU and Usa and Canada  blacklisting is a bone in their throats,wonderful

I am happy that the people will vote . I hope they can get the type of government the people want. They would be doing better then we are .

Why doesn't this old senile gorilla resign, rest and enjoy the millions if not billions of dollarshe stole from the poor?

Zimbabwe has won three olympic gold medals, won by a white fimale swimmer..Crime has gone up there and in South Africa, where the police commits 80% of all murders. I thought I would share this with you. Cant be democratic if its not in your nature...Too many centuries living like hyginas..

Mugabe is a pox on humanity. He should abdicate NOW

WOW another  evil corrupt power hungry black leader, seems where ever they are they are bad.best solution keep them out of politics everywhere and in any capacity.

Mugabe is a pain in the neck and should retire from politics for this lovely country to regain its independence and for its people to regain their human worth as people.At 89 he is past his usefulness.Mugabe please go!go!please go.

Hard to comprehend how one man can so badly influence the life of a nation, but Mugabe is one of the best examples of that one could find.

even zimbabwean has done itwhen it is america people turnask congress to pass new constitution to set a limit on party republican and democrat dominating america political system and its affairs.both major party has  prevent a free and fair competition and stagnate the market where smaller,or newer party unable to rise up.

Mugabe and Obama have a lot in common, particularly with respect to their ecomonics.Americans should  vote to clip our president's power

At least Mugabe is more competent tha one other feckless prez I can think of right about now...

Racist Americans stay out of Zimbabwean affairs. You hate Mugabe because he was brave enough to take back our land. Your country has the worst human rights record as evidenced by your slaughter of Iranian children through baseless sanctions, the prisnors at Gitmo,drone murders&amp;many more injustices.So please shut up.

Mugabe wants to continue with his nationalist policies, like seizing white-owned commercial farms and taking majority shares in foreign-owned firms.__________________________________________________it is definitely a good policy.note::mugabe seized white owned farm, not local owned farmer.mugabe is a nationalist who truly cared about his people.

They bab way too much.

Even with ALL the turmoil, Zimbabwe is a surprising peaceful and well educated country. It's a shame that they allowed one egotistical moron to ruin their country.

I'm not hearing trim power of president  and more for the people

Im glad some countries are taking a stand against Obama

Someone should get rid of Mugabe like Hugo chavez! Maybe give him a cancer pill, food for dictators.

We patiently await for a new level of corruption!!!mugabe is better than intrudersyou albinos, leave africa alone. you have taken away enough for the owner to notice

After independence, the "nationalist" Mugabe allowed the British racist colonialists to keep the lands stolen from Africans through murder and violence?

Bless Honorable R.G.Mugabe,you are the real revolutionary.

Thou art fled thou Brutish beasts

How much has been stolen from Zim since Paul Kruger's expeditionary heist?

Stop letting these Africans vote. Return to Ian Smith's apartheid state when only Christian white men were allowed to rule and to keep these black "terrorists" in their place. The black man has no right to reign over African lands. White rule will make Zimbabwe an Eden again. Yeah, that's the ticket!!!

but didnt the white farmers originally take the land from the africans in the first place?

you know what they say about black men

You all need to realize the truth before you speak. Blacks were removed from tribal land and given to extremely poor north northern European whites, during the grab for Africa. They own land size of small towns while Blacks live shackled in land just a few feet length and width. Also, I donot agree with attacks on white farmers but a peaceful transition. Please know the truth.

hmmmm...seems like we in the US should be taking our cues from Zimbabwe.  Oh wait!  that's right...we already HAVE a Constitution.  So, here in the land of the free, we couldn't possibly have a president who over-steps his authority and ignores the Constitution.  and by the way, all you Libs who are going to mention the name of our previous president:  pound sand!  you are either a hypocrite or an ignoramus.Vote zanu pf..vote mr. Mugabe...

I noticed no one is mentioning the Europeans who ruined the country and stole land from the Africans. To the man who wants to seize the mansion in Hong Kong why do you start with the farms stolen by Europeans?

I'm no fan of Robert Mugabe not only for slaughtering his people but wrecking the economy but knowing this dictator is backed by the Chinese and the Russians,  this article could be a telegraphed "intervention" in to Zimbabwe by the U.S. for their resources

Boy...lol...you white people are really scared of this blackman..lol..none of you have the ballz to do anything about these feelings but cry online about the days you raped the land of zimbabwe and subjected the african family.....

Beautiful, prosperous, safe, and secure Rhodesia, was destroyed with Soviet &amp; Chinese communist &amp; their liberal fellow travelers support from the West assistance. Now its a cesspool like all the other former white african nations.

You want to be world policeman when you cant even keep your children safe in schools highways and shopping malls from rampaging gunman. I think most Americans are dumb because you believe all the lies  your government tell you about world issues.You were lied to about Iraq,you're being lied to about Iran,Syria,Zimbabwe to mention only a few. Shame on you.

I wonder why the EU  and the US are so interested in this referendum and also in the pending election. These are the same fanatical and hostile groups of evil that have caused untold suffering to the general public in Zimbabwe by imposing illegal sanctions. Their sinister agenda is aimed at catapulting their annointed opposition into power in the name of so-called democracy.They subsequently seek to effect regime change through their opposition proxy so that they further their hegemonic tentacles and exploit our natural resources for their own selfish gain.Be that as it may, this time around, a rude awakening is in the offing for them, their stooge will suffer the most humiliating defeat just like his Kenyan compatriot and President Mugabe will rule until our Lord comes!

Why not just say Robert Mugabe will rule for 2 more terms, all the while building up his personal "bodyguard", just on the off chance that he might want a 3rd and 4th term.

There has GOT to be something in this for Mugabe,he WOULD NOT give up power for the good of his nation.

Hopefully that baffoon Mugabe dies soon. He's worse than Assad. Good luck to all the Zimbas. Let's hope they get their country back.Zimbabweans must be really, really dxmb. Let's keep a leader who turned a country that used to be considered the bread basket of Africa into an absolute crxphole. Let all of the racist against white people Zimbabweans to eat dirt.

I am very sad for what has become of Zimbabwe. Had a colleague who came from there. The stories of beatings and intimidation by Mugabe's thugs were horrifying. He described what the police did to people, they were no town cops, they were using Gestapo tactics. I suspect they had been KGB trained at one point.

We should do the exact same thing for our dictator here in Canada.Fuhrer Harper is governing like Assad in Syria or Mugabe in Zimbabwe.Canada does not want legislation via omnibus bills, 700 pages affecting70 existing laws and then the Fuhrer restricts and curtalsl debate.If this isn't a dictatorship, what is?

The old F _ _ t is 89 and can still rule for another 2 terms ???!!! after ruling for 3 decades?!  However, I think is great that they at least had a referendum to curve the powers of the strong man.  It's an example to be considered and hopefully implemented, to take a crack at abuse of power by one person!!!  :-)

They should pray for the passing of Mugabe.That is the only way he will leave office.He is a megalomaniac and a curse.

I totally agree with Joe's comment. And I will add that only the army can get rid of Mugabe.

Ah yes they finally get it  after  10 years in office you just become to comfortable with people then turn into a dictator. Robert Mugarbage is a devil

Banana Republics make up their constitutions and how they will be enforced as the dictator desires.Kind of like gun control laws in Canada and U.S.

I think president Mugabe wants to die in office to avoid probe

Next they will be voting to have better living conditions, don't see that working out for them either.Africa! Zimbabwe! enough is enough of this guy Mugabe, is time for him to go by whatever means possible! I am sick and tired of this buffoon!  We did Gaddaffi in, let's go to work on Mugabe now !!!!!!!!!!

It is normal to see a majority of Yahoo comment made by right wingers, but the blatant racism on this thread today is astounding. Which Klan cell do they belong to, and who let them out of their basements rooms today?