Interesting that I posted a comment to this story and it is not showing now.What amazes me is that the politicians and even the general public are sitting here watching the meltdown of the EU but it hasn't changed their attitudes one bit.  Those that are living off the government want to continue to get their benefits and even more benefits that are paid for by others and the politicians think it is okay to keep spending money we don't have and raising taxes without any fiscal responsibility or accountability whatsoever.  They seem completely blind to the fact that the crisis in the EU is what is in store for America's future if we don't get a grip on our spending.

Obama, would be the envy of the Marxist world if only he could do that here.

Deposit tax?????  THEFT is the correct word and every bankster out there will be eyeing your savings soon.

Hell, maybe he would have done it here if the banks had not beat him to it.Banks give you about 40 cents or less, on a hundred dollars saved . What the hell is left for Obama to take?

And after they finish gutting the 2nd amendment, they'll try it here too.

Wow... coming to a becoming more Socialist by the day U.S.A. near you???  Don't rule it out.  Also, not reported above , but from what I understand... whatever $ you had in the bank as of Friday... you are not allowed to pull out the portion that may no longer be yours...just in case.  So between 7-10% of the money in your account right now is unavailable to you...no longer yours forever probably.  Gotta love it ... even if you are not a citizen of the country.... poof the money is gone.

Someone needs to start hanging bankers and their political puppets from lamp posts. That will send them a message.

You could be next.

note to self, liquidate all paper assetshoard gold, cash, food, liquor, ammo

Now they're calling it a tax.  It's theft.Bet the Bankers life styles haven't changed.

I see by the comments few people are paying attention. Many people will pay big for their innattention. Obama is watching, and waiting to do the same to people here.

It's looking like going to the casino might have a better return.

Theft with a pen is worst than theft with a gun.  When governments become criminals the people will stop obeying the law.

Matress Time,,,or Coffee cans in the back Yard,,,or Hollow Tree Time!!

Don't give Obama any ideas.

Coming soon to a town near you.

Can they do it? Just take money from your account and call it "tax?

Gdammit, now you have Obama tghinking again.

If you think the United States would never do this...you might as well just go and stand in the long lamb line now.I love cash, barter, gold, and buying out of state to legally avoid sales tax.

I'm hiding mine under the bed.  It won't make much of a lump, but at least it will be something to sleep on.

wow .....

like I have posted before!!! The progressives will spend every dime that YOU have, their battle cry is" IT IS OUR MONEY AND WE WANT IT NOW" !!!!

ObamaCare:  Pg 59, lines 21-24 gives direct access to your banks accounts to compel you to pay any out-of-pocket or premium costs electronically without your previous consent.Pg 195 officers &amp; employees of the new Health Care Administration will have access to all Americans personal financial records and accounts.See what is happening over there, see what is happening here? See a parallel?

No wonder obama doesn't think $17 trillion debt is a problem. He knows something we do not know. Maybe Cyprus is just a test to see if the people will rise up against their government for stealing their savings right from their bank accounts. And you libs think everyone is a conspiracy nut, but when it walks like a duck, sounds like a duck and look like a duck?

Reminds me of the movie Cool Hand Luke, when Luke mocks the guard, "What we have here is a lack of communication."  To which the guard shoots Luke.  We the people are Luke, and our Govt. is the guard.

End game here is all Euros will end up in German Banks.

the tax is to be voted on today...but, people could not get their money from their banks last saturday....who's in charge?....beware....the moochers are getting their collective butts covered by people who played by the rules and "saved" money ....U.S.A. next?

All of those people who were chanting "Tax the Rich" last November are going to soon find out that big governments don't care how much money you have.  They want it.Coming to a bank near you, and lets not forget you'r 401K. Have a nice day : )

Calling William Devane!   I need some gold!

Smells like tyranny to me....

What will happen when Cyprus runs out of other people's money?

This is what happens to countries who don't have Uncle Bernanke to print all the Monopoly money the politicians need to keep paying off the irresponsible and lazy majority who votes them into office. The USA is next in the not so distant future...

I guaranty that politicians are over here watching what they did and taking notes.

You stupid little peasants! You don't know what's good for you! You don't even know how to spend your own money right! Now, we are from the government and we are here to help you. Let us fix that for you! You just don't even worry about a penny of yours! (Certainly don't worry about a penny of ours either!).

So, why on Earth exactly should I ever put even my already expired passport in a bank? Let alone cash and valuables? They already steal from me with 0.2-0.5% interest. I'm much more worried about the return of my capital than the return ON my capital!

Liberals should be afraid of an armed populas, they're always stealing money and freedoms from us real Americans.

Why do you the Govt is pushing so hard at attacking the 2nd Amendment?So it will be free to do this and more.This is bound to happen in the USA as we descend into Third World status. After all, they got away with stealing trillions during the last debt crisis. We need ENFORCED laws that are harsh against these robber-barons, with no method of punishment taken off the table, no matter what religion or ethnicity the evil-doers are, or how much they claim to have been 'persecuted' in the distant past!

Now, that just reminds me of the last days of the Soviet Union. An enormous line of people around about two city blocks, are lining up for a TOTALLY empty store. The newcomers are asking?- What's coming? What's on sale?- We haven't got the slightest clue, but must be a helluva good thing because the line for it    is enormous!

Now! That's just ain't right! Let the government fix it! Remember next time you vote!"Dear Leader! If only you knew..." (Sic!)

The US has already seized US citizens accounts in exactly the same way. A law called FATCA is causing a human rights uproar world wide, but our media does not report it. Any US person who has an overseas account is being called a tax evader. The problem is that these people are dual-citizens in high tax countries and are married to a man or woman in the country where they reside - they file US taxes every year and owe nothing, but because they have a foreign account the US claims they are criminals. The US government is attempting to freeze their joint accounts with their spouses by strong-arming foreign governments into violating human rights laws. This US law literally makes marriage to a foreignor impossible and working overseas impossible too. No one overseas wants to hire Americans anymore. Read the Atlantic Journal and search the site under the subject FATCA. Read an article in the Wall Street Journal titled Toxic Citizens. Americans residing in the US will be the next victims - exactly like the Cypriots.

Hey Europe, hows that socialism working for you? Obama says its working great.

Well, there's an investment tip for you. End of last year I was eying a case of 12 ga shotgun buckshot @ $99 at cheaper-than-dirt. I passed it up. Now, it's $139. 40% gain beats the hell out of a savings account FDIC or not. The insurance here is the merchandise itself

This is like a dream program for socialist. Why bother seeking approval for tax or austerity programs when you can just confiscate deposits! The problem with socialism is that sooner or later, you run out of other peoples money.

All that cash in people's pockets.  Now would be a great time to be a mugger in Cyprus.

Look out America you could be next!

The EU &amp; the Cyprus government have ensured that nobody will trust a Bank deposit guarantee ever again.Years were spent building up trust that has been destroyed overnight.Bank runs are now very likely, if there is the slightest hint of a bank in trouble.Time to invest in real estate.

The Devil obama will want his fair share of your bank account soon.

Don't be giveing obama any more idles, are will be next.

Actually, there is the one Democrat who in 2010 and 2012 has tried to introduce a bill to charge "a tax" on some banking transactions, not deposits or savings at this stage, but other banking transactions.  So far, it has received virtually no sponsors.  However, I do see a day where the USA will have a banking tax and a trading tax.  Just a matter of time as there is no spending responsibilty within Congress and especially the WH.  If you have money, spend it, the he** with the future.  All the US government is doing in continually kicking the can down the road, but eventually the can will come to rest, and then FINANCIAL RUIN FOR ALL!

If you are part of the PIIGS, I would take my money out of the Banks ASAP!

Blaming the powerless for the poor decisions of their leaders

Cyprus will lose ALL foreign investment now, whether or not the bank-account-seizing scheme goes through.  If a government believes that it can take your money, just because they can, that government WILL STOP AT NOTHING.  Investors, depositors, and Cypriots themselves will realize this, and Cyprus will never recover economically.  If the government of Cyprus backs off this "bank heist", it will be only because of the realization they can't make it happen - for now - not because they think taking anything they want is wrong.  By the way, how much money do you think we can realistically demand the government give away, before they confiscate ALL our money so they can meet the demand.  Think it won't happen here?  Tell me, what's to stop them?

Now you see why our Gov. is buying up so much ammo,its coming here to a bank near you !

Just came from Wells Fargo Bank in Virginia. Had 2 Local Government Checks and they wanted to charge me a Fee of $ 20.00 for 2 checks. Because I did not have an account with them. My advice is never accept a Check, without knowing you will lose accepting it.I know the definitions of almost all checks. But to be held hostage with fees cash is the best !

Stealing from your customers to stay solvent? It only works until you have no customers.I bet the Republicans, TEA fans, and Herman Cain don't like this version of "flat tax"...

I just withdrew the $13 I had in the bank.  No way I'm paying a tax.

O'Bama would like nothing more than to be able to seize the money in our savings and retirement plans.  He salivates at the prospect.

Uh-oh. This is going to upset the 10%ers, who can be counted on to pass their losses on to those living near the poverty level. There is no more blood left in this turnip.

more incentive for the remaining savers to spend &amp; pretty soon there will be no capital in the hands of the citizens!!

How is this legal? It's theft!

Put your money in mattresses. That's what my German grandmother did.

Obama wants his cut if your a saver, what a trash bag

It's a terrible idea, but at least it is more honest and transparent than a government's traditional way of pickpocketing the public via currency devaluation.  That is not an option for Cyprus or any other EU member.

Obama is a marscist- by the people and for the people has been replaced by:By the government and for the government.A bailout of banks or socialist nations?

Well folks---You are finally getting what you voted for---you asked for it---now it is yours!!!!!

Obama wants to fire the head of the federal housing administration for not reducing principle to the deadbeats, who know if they are even citizens.  #$%$

So does the IMF also have its hands in the pockets of the bank executives that took on the excess risks in Greek bonds, or the Cypriot politicians that encouraged the financial sector to grow to 8 times the country's GDP?People - do some research! This is not "socialism". This is a capitalist bailout. The IMF is pushing these terms to minimize risk to German bankers!

Put your hope in Jesus he is comeing soon get ready