Cuba was (and as of today still is) receiving large oil / gas shipments directly from Venezuela and using some of it for it's own people, but also selling large quantities on the open market and therefore receiving much needed currency to keep its economy going.  Lots of Cubans - medical professionals, educators, etc -  are working in Venezuela and getting paid by the V. government.  Big changes if Maduro doesn't win.

Yes and Castro padded Chavez bank accounts.....all stolen from the international investment community and the backs of the good people of Venezuela.

I'm not a bit surprised.

Maduro has already "leaked" the information that the CIA was planning on killing his opponent, Capriles.     This is a very clever tactic - it makes Capriles nervous and cautious, and if he should close in the polls or actually move ahead, Maduro can have him killed and blame it on the Americans.Everyone with an ounce of integrity and common sense will know who really did it, but Maduro will be able to inflame the rest against the US for "interfering" in Venezuelan affairs.   He can even elevate the slain Capriles to "slain martyr" status.

o #$%$ -he just craped on Cuba

...HUGO CHAVEZ was always generous with the Venezuelan people money...

Chavez and his GROSS disrespect for the rule of law and contribution to a climate of impunity in Venezuela. In 1999, he re-wrote the Constitution to fit his needs, and then violated it almost on a daily basis. With this example, it is no surprise that crime exploded in Venezuela. In 14 years, our homicide rate more than tripled from 22/100K to 74/100K. While judges were busy trying to prove their political allegiance to Chavez, only 11% of homicides led to a conviction.

So, Capriles want to stop subsidising foriegn governments and take care of his country and the people of Venezuela first? Sound like someone we need running our government.

Chavez gave away the countries fortune.

I wonder if Maduro is still parading Chavezs' body around. He ought to be pretty ripe by now.

somebody is going to send in the snipers -and its not the usaShould have guessed, there is Cuba as usual with its Hand stuck out, mooching, doesn't look like Communism is working for you Cuba, listen up Obama.

If that country was not so bellicose and sold it's oil on the market at market prices and did not give away to other communist countries.  They could use the profits for doctors and aid to the poor all they wanted.  There is only one problem.  Their oil is heavy oil and can only be refined in special refineries.  Most of the world wants light sweet crude not heavy oil.

Venezuela has enough problems with its economy without giving away resources to a dependent state. Just this week OPEC complained about having to revise world demand due to the large ramp up in production with US shale. Venezuela has already seen the best its ever going to be.

At approximately 92.00 dollars a barrel...times 100,000 barrels a day..that's 9million 200 hundred thousand dollars a DAY! OR 3 BILLION THREE HUNDRED FIFTY EIGHT THOUSAND DOLLARS A YEAR!  Wonder how much Maduros kick back is on this deal!  Capriles can finance a lot of free clinics..give raises and modernize with that kind of money...VOTE CAPRILES!

Chavez showed how power can be maintained by giving away government handouts.  Sound familiar?

Yep. Watching Maduro strut around in little napolean Chavez's boots is quite a sight all right.

Capriles , you are a marked man,  watch close, trust few, stay low, surround yourself with brave men

Venezuela is doomed, let it fail.

I expect Capriles will have an unfortunate "accident".

...and this is why Cuba will try to kill him.  Not the US.Finally.  Do me a favor call USA and tell them the same damn thing.  Don't they watch intervention.   Its call enabling BS countries that need to keep up or get out.

Voting for a party that destroys the country and lowers your standard of living; guess its contagious.

Maduro's chances of winning the election mirror the result of our just passed one. People will vote for the guy promising "free stuff". The people of Venezuela haven't quite got the message of  just how much money is being shipped off to Cuba and could be kept at home instead.

filmed in Modesto !!

Obama has not supported the one intelligent freedom leader Capriles in Venezuela. Obama has let Maduro lie about the U.S. wanting to kill Capriles, Chavez lie about the US and Mara.Obama is a big nothing.... a total socialist loser, read from a prompter nothing who has weakened the US in all ways. Egypt, Iran, North Korea, China and Russia to name a few.

people you are STUPID...............you must like your way of life.............PENDEGOS.........OR PENDEJOS ONE OF THE TWO............TOO STUPID FOR ME..NEVER TO POST COMMENT ON THIS IDIOTS..........GOD HELP THEM.........BRAINLESS...........

Odd that, while Venezuelans lived in poverty, Chavez died a billionaire.  Odd yes but sadly not uncommon.

Subsidized oil to America could give them all the food they need.

gotta get in first amigo about "stopping" anything

Nobody likes foreign aid these days.oh and can someone clarify why there are Cubans giving orders in the Venezuelan army?

so no can tell me what good Chavez did for Venezuela?we know all the good he did for his buddies in Iran, Libya, Cuba, Russia... what about forVenezuelans?

A nation that was robbed of their milk and flour by the Socialists should hardly be giving oil aid to Cuba. That oil would surely be of use to the Venezuelans themselves! ^_^

where did chavez hide the corporate $$$ he stole from oil and others!!!

they shouldnt let the ignorant vote there or here

DICTATORS can NEVER HOLD ONTO the power they steal from people FOREVER. NO MATTER how hard they brain wash their people like Kim Jung Ll, Mao or Stalin, DEATH is some thing they can not avoid FACING. Not long after their death, the dictators' dynasties collapsed and their people REVERSED the path of their countries' direction. That is exactly what happened in China and Russia.

The power of fear continues even after the death of a tyrant.

Maduro will win - and so will all his offshore bank accounts

"it's not who votes , Its who counts the votes" joseph Stalin

No wonder Chavez' hand picked replacement thinks and says the US is trying to kill the opposition.  It is not the US doing it, it is him.  That way when he assassinates the guy he can blame the US.What a couple of clowns.  A former busdriver who hands out food but no way to make a living to the poor and a rightwing nut who wants to go back to having ice delivered to Caracas for the rich people's drinks.   Venezuela should be one of the richest countries on the planet and all its people living like Norweigans.  Instead it has the second highest crime rate in all of Latin America and the second highest murder rate.   It is second only to poor Honduras.   Venezuela's murder rate is 4 times higher than cartel Mexico and 15 times higher than gun toting U.S.A.   The majority of the population lives in poverty and all those rich ranches, instead of producing food now, have been given to Chavez cronies.

You mean the free ride is over?

This guy will end up being killed by pro Chaves supporters, or the Cubans. It would be nice to get someone in there that would be friendly to the U.S. and not Cuba. Not likely though, but one can wish.

Capriles has berated Maduro as a weak imitation of the late Hugo Chavez..SPOT ON!!!...Maduro another worthless soul.

Thats Venezuela?...I thought that was a pic of California...

Don't worry about Cuba those sanctions should be kicking in any day now

Looks like the same people who worked to re-elect Obama are hard at work in Venezuela to keep Maduro in power.

If he loses there, perhaps he could run here in 2016!  We need a dose of reality here in the US now, but by then it may be too late.

Sure he does.  He was Santa's chief elf.

Hugo nationalized hundreds of private companies, and pushed hundreds more towards bankruptcy. Not because he was a communist or a socialist, but simply because he wanted no one left with any power to oppose him. If everyone was a public employee, he could force them to attend his political rallies, and the opposition would not get any funding.Communism and socialism are for pathetic sheeple who prefer to be lead about by their nose rings rather than grow up and be responsible adults.

Capriles has to get the military behind him. This is very important Fighting crime needs to be addresses by strong honest police force with a court system that works. they have to build more prison and proper treatment for prisoners that are incarserated. He as to share the wealth of oil with all the people of his country He has to imbrace capatilism

We LOVE you our puppet ,100 % .

he stole a page from Obamas dirty trick book..give stuff away and your popular.  " An economic model that included frequent nationalizations and heavy regulation of private enterprise alongside generous social welfare programs that underpinned his popularity."

Oh eye EL

It used to be that when the Soviet Union was in charge, it was giving Cuba big welfare checks while Castro was doing all the mischevious Communist works in the Western Hemisphere: destabilizing poor Central American nations, using the island of Grenada as a ammo depot for the purpose of fighting in those nations, etc.

If you steal from Peter to pay Paul, you can rest assured that Paul will vote for you.That explains why Maduro is in the lead. It's all about government handouts and free stuff. Chavez was all about getting elected, retaining power, and turning the Presidency into a Dictatorship. His goal was to rule for life, and he succeeded in that. The poor people who voted for him were simply dupes and pawns.

what good for Venezuela did Chavez ever do? he died with $2B in the bank. so what did he do for his country?

Chavez's policies have wrecked Venezuela's economy. Because of his farm policies, Venezuela has to import food, when it should be an exporter. Chavez filled the leadership of the national oil company with corrupt cronies who have greatly damaged the company.The people are idiots. They will vote for further economic ruin if they elect Maduro, as they likely will.

Yes Maduro was a bus driverat one point in his just like Jesus Christ was a fisherman, carpentar.Raúl isn't sleeping very well these days. Neither is Ortega in Nicaragua.

Maduro is going to have him killed, just wait and see.

Look the bottom line is that with free this and free that, there will never be a Revolution that so many Country's needs and besides it thinning of the heard, so to speak. And that leaves more Grass to eat and a healthier happier Population.

Might as well.  Cuba is going to have to make reforms towards capitalism to attract foreign investment in business ventures and infrastructure rebuild, itself, so Venezuela can do more good for Cuba by speeding up the process.  The same is true of Venezuela where foreign investment had been driven away.  Since Venezuela has its own energy resources, it should follow the German model of manufacturing products for export to maintain a favorable balance of trade reserves.  Cuba will have an imbalance of trade reserves because it will have to import energy, unless they can invest in alternative green energy to power their electrical needs.  jmo

Venezuelans are as gullible as the liberals who voted for Obama

Steve- Are you posting from the Israel .. what's with the "martyr" thought process ? And murder ? Oh my Steve . You're showing your Ashkenazi gangster thought process to much . hehehe"Everyone with an ounce of integrity and common sense will know who really did it, but Maduro will be able to inflame the rest against the US for "interfering" in Venezuelan affairs. He can even elevate the slain Capriles to "slain martyr" status."

The poor financial management of Hugo Chavez and his family have put the country in a deep hole. No more foreign freebies. If Venezuelans want to improve their lives, they need to listen to Capriles, and reject the lies of an ignorant man who has never governed in his life.

they started that "ahead in the poles" #$%$ with Chavez too and with Obama and with Fidel Castro and at the end they #$%$ on the real votes and nothing changes

I can't believe it!!!!  Some one in Venezuela actually believes in a true democracy and knows sending free oil to their enemies is not good for their own country!!!

Who really killed Chavez? The doctors or cancer?Boy lots of paid puppets of Maduro here on this site. So I hope there paying you guys overtime to flood the internet with your propaganda.

Castro  is no longer a threat. Drop the sanctions and try and open dialog. Its time.

You guys realize that Chavez accumulated a multi-billion dollar net worth while president of Venezuela, including a collection of Hummers and tens of thousands of acres of land.  Socialism is just a get-rich-quick scheme for evil leaders who prey on the ignorance of the poor.

trouble up ahead baby.

Now there's your canidate Venezuela.  Vote for him!

is that a photo of mexifornia ???

GOOD.

USA should have NO involvment with Venezuela.  Let them fail on their own and don't allow them to do business in America

This is no different then here in the US.  The Socialists in that country pray on the ignorant masses to vote for them much like Obama and the Socialist Democrats do here.  Its the stupid voter that votes for this government.  They actually believe the government is there to help but the crumbs the government throws are just that crumbs.  Their false promises only make the masses dependent on government.  Its not freedom.  Socialist Democrats in the US count on imbeciles voting for them.  A vote for a Socialist Democrat is a vote for government control and losses in freedom.  BIG BROTHER is another name for it.  Nanny State works well to.

Capriles, you got my vote:O)Bunch of communists and socialists ..they have been indoctrinated into believing big government takes care of you ..It actually keeps you poor and eventually breaks your country

This is a chance for the people of Venezuela to get there freedom back and oust pigs like maduro out...DO THE RIGHT THING!

how could a country support a dictator who kills off his own people and leads to mass inflation? it just makes no sense

let them subsidize the 3rd world economies in that hemisphere....let the USA open that pipeline to Canada and stop depending on countries like Venezuela for fuel

When the crumbs run out.....you are owned by those that set you up.

Don't believe it. Just go to the polls and vote for Capriles. Restore democracy in your country.  Don't be fooled by propaganda.

I know!   I just like reading it!!!

I hope he loses.

Maduro last week described a plot by "far right" U.S. elements linked to two senior former members of the George W. Bush administration to kill Capriles....Why would we kill capriles since he was against chavez? The set up is so obvious.

Maduro will most likely get the job one way or another. Fortunately, like all socialists, he will also die.I would love to visit Cuba just to see for myself how life is there. I would also like to visit Jamaica and Puerto Rico. By the way, who is the Puerto Rican President?

Venezuela, under Chavez, was a classic case of "good intentions" gone bad.  Chavez was simply an old delusional grandiose bipolar leader who continued attempts to redistribute less and less to his constituency; the poor.  As the pie became smaller, both rich and poor had less and less.

Americans. Take note. Socialism has an expensive pricetag and this new leader is not learning when this is the plan: "...He said halting cheap oil sales to Cuba would free up resources to boost public employee salaries by 40 percent to make up for inflation that is one of the region's highest..."

Considering that a great many of Chavez's henchmen in Venezuela are Cubans, Capriles puts himself in a dangerous position. And hardly any of the voters there know that Maduro isn't even qualified to be President since he is actually born in Colombia. But the ignorant will vote for him anyway because they want their miserable little government handouts.

great, now we are probably going to start sending aid to Cuba as well...

Not only stop sending oil, but demand full payment for all the oil shipments owed Venezuela given  free to the Castro regime, before a new single barrel of oil is sold.  Lets see how long the Castro regime will last. Chavez squandered a fortune while the poor in Venezuela received token help.

I see the young, public school brainwashed, commie-wannabees are commenting.  I'm sure Venezuela and Cuba would love for you to move there.  In less than six months you'll be begging Mommy and Daddy for airfare home.

Would he be interested in a run for Obamas job,may be right now?

What a coincidence. That's the same thing that happened here isn't it?. The winners are the ones with no money and they believe the best way to get more is to vote laws to take it from those who have more than they do. Could this be why Sigmund Freud once said "America is a mistake, a giant mistake" ?   Could this be why he said it? Did he realize that the masses who find they can be taken care of by simply banning together and voting for the one who promises them that would eventually take over? And that's exactly what's happening.

The more poverty the more people in favor of a Government that hands out basic needs, thus making them lazy and dependent. How long will it survive will depend on the people and the way I see it it wont be long.Wait and see, this guy will be 10 times worse than Chavez!

If you want the TRUTH about Venezuela, DON'T read US news sources. They ALL lie.

Communist rule is assured in Venezuela.  They control the press, TV, Radio, Supreme Court, congress, and the money.  Free and fair elections are a pipe dream perpetuated by the socialist run world media.  Capriles would be killed if he even got anywhere near the votes needed to win.  That is why Maduro has spread the lie that the USA is planning to kill him.  It provides cover for what may become necessary as election day approaches.

Death wish!

The USA buys 1,000,000,000 barrels of oil yearly from Venezuela.

hey Chavez, how does the sulfur smell?you fat, dead corpse

Yeah,... The U.S. is ever so conveniently being set up to take the rap on this one,... and yup, Capriles has likely just sealed his fate as regards threatening the Cubans' welfare/oil alotments if later he seriously closes the electoral polling gap... Yup......

Oops 358 million..not thousands solly typo!

Gallup has Capriles up by 5

Any chance that Cuban spies, diplomats, and lobbyists are hard at work trying to make sure he loses the election? Ya think?The Ashkenazi gangsters , ie  Henrique Capriles a gangsters are after the state peoples OIL. They love oil and banking. And have a predisposition to genocide ie Bolshevik revolution (fascism)  yes germany (some) , Palestine semites..

it is very hard to beat a leader that promises free handouts.Ask Obama, he just won last year.

I feel bad for the people of Venezuela if this idiot Maduro wins the election.  I was hoping the death of Chavez would give them to a future of hope and rebuilding with a real government.

tell me when the war on words is finish please

Chzvez was the epitome of hypocrisy on the issue of Venezuela's sovereignty. He kicked out the Americans but then you pulled down his pants for the Cubans, Russians, Chinese and Iranians. There are Cuban officers giving orders in the Venezuelan army. Chinese oil companies work with a higher margin of profit than any Western companies did. And Chavez made it clear that your alliances would be with governments that massacre their own people.

What a surprise.  Of course he does have Sean Penn's endorsement.

bush did it? chavez(and his minions)  and obama really do think alike

I wonder if liberals are sad that Venezuela might turn away from Socialist Marxist ??

Commies need dollars!HahahahahahSo much for communism

Liberals are not going to take this lightly.Idiots that voted for Chavez will vote for Maduro.

Go and get then Capries,you got my vote.No more Oil. They kill poor Hugo.........

Fidel Castro responded by saying they didn't care because he's investing Cubans' money in solar energy company Solyndra with the dream of putting solar panels and windmills on cars and homes to supply all their energy needs.  Or wait, was that Obama?

Do all Marxists find something to blame Bush for?

GO CAPRILES!

Well this is a big surprised. Said no one ever. And that's what she said!

yeah, he would rather the oil go toward filling his and his cronies greedy little pockets with more cash. sorry loser. ur insignificant, a non-entity as chavez put it

So much for the Joe Kennedy Citizens Energy program.If this country can cut off aid to other countries.... why can't the USA do the same thing!!!

HUGO SCHITTE HEAD SPENT 14 YEARS ACTIVELY TRYING TO DRIVE THE VENEZUELAN ECONOMY INTO THE GROUND! To a very large degree, he succeeded in the effort! Now, bus driver Nicolas Mad Dummo is poised to finish the job! If the Venezuelan people actually elect Nicolas Mad Dummo, I say that we Americans should turn our backs on them! When Venezuela slides into social and economic chaos precisely because Nicolas Mad Dummo got elected, we should leave them to their misery! No matter what, we should categorically refuse to bail them out! They simply would not deserve our consideration or largess!

Hmmm, let's see. Venezuela's allies are Cuba, Iran, and North Korea. Nice bunch.The parasites of Venezuela are not through feeing off the hosts yet.....they are so illiterate the elections are color-coded.

Chavez shut down more than 30 radio and television stations for being critical of his government, he denied access to foreign currency for newspapers to buy printing paper (regular citizens can't access foreign currency unless he authorize it). Chavez imprisoned people without trial for years, for crimes of opinion.  He fired tens of thousands of public employees for signing a petition for a recall referendum and then denied them access to public services and even ID cards and passports.

I hope Capriles lives long enough to see his mission through . The Chavez secret police are still alive and well .

The net worth of Chavez proves he was stealing from his own country and the people want to elect his hand picked successor?  The power of state run media just like in the USA.

@ sheckel_trader he is offering a box of free pink depends for you

Hugo.., Hu-going..., Hu-gone...

CUBA  DOCTORS KILL POOR HUGO!!!

this is the right revenge for the crapy Cuban health system.

and castro in return has sent doctors to venzaula to help the people .

It is not even legal for Maduro to run for President...HE IS NOT A VENEZUELAN...He was born in COLOMBIA and lived there until he sneaked across the border at 18 years of age and met Chavez.Give us all the OIL ,or other wise we will steal it then we will bomb you .

The fact that Maduro can even be elected (and likely will) speaks to the popularity of Chavez and sad to say it illustrates the willingness of the people to sell their votes for subsistence level scraps. Hardly even a gilded cage they are locking themselves into… imagine living in a nation where the murder rate is easily 10 times what it is in our worst cities? Imagine living in a country where annual inflation is 20 to 30 percent! They are literally going to go to the polls and vote for more of the same… this is the definition of insanity!!

funny how the socialists at Yahoo think we need daily updates on a bogus phony "election" in a third world country filled with ignorant peasants...is this Obama sympathy for the democrats???

I hope he make it ! for the sake of the people!

Chavez was like the Kenyan is--has to buy "friends".  Like most socialist, Capriles is more interested in buying domestic loyalty, whereas, as fascists, Chavez and Maduro (isn't that a kind of cigar wrapper?) need/needed to buy foreign support.

Votes already counted ALl done for   Maduro big winner  Just going through the motions

what happened to Hugo Chavez?

I say we put that piece of red communist s&amp;^t in my litter box and bury him.

protectionist

They continue to pick the same type of govt that oposes the USA. I don't understand why they continue to flood our country if they hate us so much...crazyyy"adeba deba deba deba deba.....that's all folks (Porky Pig)

Capriles should promise to sell the oil he gave Cuba and to give the money to social programs

When Obama goes to the Middle East, he will tell his Arab friends to send money to the Maduro campaign - just like they did to his.

Ok lets all move to out ancestor's country and give  Americas back to the Native Indians

Send Obama to run Venezuela and let him ruin their country.  Ship the Dems and Liberals with him.  Impeach Obama.

Lets hope this guy vanishes. Its obvious he wants to drive up gasoline prices here in the U.S.

hmmm, the article stated that he was in favor of halting cheap oil sales to Cuba and in favor of cheaper oil sales to Americasomehow I do not get the feeling that is popular in Venezuela

Maduro will keep Chavez's body having people pass him around until election day....LOL.  How sad is it that he can't try to win the election w/o using Chavez as his basis.  He won't win anyways, but its sad he is trying to do this.

I can not believe how ignorant are the chavista...Venezuelan need to vote for a better future..The Octopus has died...(Chavez)

Sounds like a smart man.Yeah it's a little hard to beat the blessed successor of a dictator when the whole system is built to prevent a resurgence of opposition.  That's what Obama wants for us.

Mr Chavez also gave free oil to poor New Englanders just like exxon and the united states does.

Let's see here...vote for a lawyer and former governor who understands the rule of law and how to govern, or vote for a non-charismatic necrophiliac bus driver to lead a crumbling nation? Seems like a fairly simple decision to me, but then I'm not a Venezuelan!

Capriles is Washington's puppet.

Maduro doesn't have the line of bull that Chavez, had, there will be people in his government that will not like him, or be afraid of him as they were with Chavez.. His days are numbered.

do we expect this leftist propaganda news source of reuters to be for anyone other than leftists/marxist maduro in venezuela. no not really. venezuela must rid itself of these marxist thug s and destroy them root and all.

The bus driver wants the same investment plan Chavez had. Too bad he (Chavez) didn't live long enough to spend his billion plus net worth he stole from his country.

Just like most the hispanics in the US 2012 Election... slobbering for the guy who gives away "free *hit".

Oh well, nothing is going to change!

the press should investigate and publicize their findings concerning the acquired wealth of the chavez family.  looting of a national treasury would be a treasonable offense.  in the u.s. they would all be in jail.Capriles challenged Maduro to a political debate, and he declined... Smart mean, he can only talk about Chavez and Simon Bolivar!As a Venezuelan living in the US I wonder where is the UN? Why is the world allowing another Cuba to happen? How can leaders act as an audience and see how a country is taken away from so many, simply because of the Cirque du Chavez and the fact that over half of the population is uneducated and easily influenced.

"Maduro last week described a plot by "far right" U.S. elements linked to two senior former members of the George W. Bush administration to kill Capriles. Both officials denied the charges."Something tells me Capriles is a dead man walking.They're already trotting out their alibi.

The ONLY reason the USA turned against Chavez was when he was elected, he stopped buying American weapons and F-16s for the country and went to Russia to modernize the badly managed military.

Communism/socialism (whatever) is hard to get rid off.  I applaud Capriles and hope nobody in the Maduro i.e. Castro camp, tries to eliminate him.  Capriles is becoming dangerous to the Cuban maffia, and they are not forgiving.  God help Capriles fight for his own country!!!

Capriles is a dead man walking.

How nice that the good people of Venezuela get to "vote" for their next leader.  Now that Chavez is gone, I'm sure the next leader will really get to work on those slums, unemployment and rampant crime.

So what? Cuba can just copy Brazil and use renewable energy in the form of compost left from sugar cain as fuel. And China will be more than happy to supplement and subsidize whatever energy needs that Cuba may want.

Maduro is Not parading Chavez cadaver any longer. Why? It stinks!

where is this guy running for office, sounds like liberal usa !

I think that God must've made these developing countries to give us something to laugh at. By the way, where is Maduro's next campaign stop with Chavez' dead body?Capriles is just a big oil pro-western leftover of the failed 2002 coup and attempted dictatorship by Pedro Carmona that failed miserably, forcing Carmona to flee to the USA on a CIA chartered jet.

What a horseshit country!

"Nicolas is the candidate of Raul Castro; I'm the candidate of the Venezuelan people," Capriles. Well, maybe Capriles needs to come up with better lines! That would be step 1. As for step 2, I have no idea.PS How can you lose to a bus driver? Is he more like Ralph Kramden or Lorenzo Anello ( A Bronx Tale)? And away we go!

These poor people are stuck with pathetic choices for president, kind of sounds like the US!

The Chavistas are killing Venezuela, just like the Castristas killed Cuba and history is repeating again. It's so sad to watch. Just because the Chavistas win elections, makes them democratic, they control every branch of the government, the military, the supreme court and the media. That's not democracy, that's a totalitarian government. Supported by ignorant people that buy into their lies and get subsidize by them. It's very sad.

It just goes to show you how powerful psychological propoganda and sympathies on display for Mr. Potato Head Chavez can work on the uneducated.  Regardless, Maduro is not going to last! Stupidity does not lead to prosperity! Period!

The poor and ignorant class of Venezuela deserves what's coming.  Countries don't learn from other people's mistake (Cuban people and communism), so let them suffer, cause it's nobody's fault but their own.

Looks like our puppets oil gofers are not going to win. But not to weary their oil sugar daddies still a few more tricks up their sleeves

i think this guy maduro is copying obamas leadership, both of them love dictators....

Americans really think they get real news from their corrupted/controlled media!  All you get is fantasy, no different from your WWE and Kardashians TV show, which most of you believe is true.he is a mf Gewish puppet,just like oh'Bomber

if Maduro wins, it will be fun to watch that country fall into chaos.

If only we could say the same about all the aid we give away

that fat faced p. o. s.  stole a lot of money from those dummies, hid it in overseas bank accounts. alot of good it did him, if he was not such an #$%$&amp;lo he could have came here for treatment, better than going to some witch doctor in cuba

" Capriles vowed to end shipments of subsidized oil to communist-run Cuba, slamming Maduro as a puppet of Havana." This comment has doomed him with the people.

OPEC Is nothing but a bunch of thugs and someday they will be hiding in there holes.

If Capriles wins and stops the oil shipments to Cuba it also fixes the "socialist" problem in Venezuela.  The poor will not have access to free care as a vast majority of the doctors providing care to the poor are from Cuba and they are part of the deal for oil.  In essence, Venezuela sends Cuba oil and Cuba pays for some of it with cash, very low prices, but the other part is paid with sending in doctors by the thousands over to Venezuela.  All of the sudden, the poor would be stuck with high medical costs and the elite of Venezuela go back to business as usual.

Yesterday news, report that Maduro clains he had vision(dream) of C.I.A. killing Capriles. Capriles had better beef up his security

Venezuelans don't want to end up like the U.S. Owned and controlled by the Zionists.

It apparently was not a "gift" to Cuba.    It was "international trade" beneficial to both countries"Wikipedia:   In exchange for the oil ..... "In April 2005, the two countries signed an agreement to increase the number of healthcare workers in Venezuela to 30,000 and initiated health programs which included establishment of 1,000 free medical centers, training of 50,000 medical personnel, and surgical treatment for approximately 100,000 Venezuelans in Cuba. Cuba also offered to train an additional 40,000 Venezuelan physicians."Cooba is getting welfare from Venezuela?! But it's a communist paradise! They have 'free' everything! HOW CAN THIS BE?And Obama wants to #$%$ all over the USA until we are just like Cooba.

Yeah. Instead he will give the country away to the US.

of curse he will win, they take the money and property of the hands of the hard working people and give a little part to all that people that did not want to work anymore, people that did not want even think or be free, people that want the government provide anything for them. so until there's people that work hard and have money to be taken from gov. there will be people that want everything for free, and if US keep the need for Venezuelan petroleum  they will provide money to the socialism of the XXI century, funny right, the number one capitalist country are financing the number one socialist country, and helping to take freedom for the Venezuelan people that do want to be free..

you wont do anything they are going to kill you.... they already blamed the cia for it...if they don't you aren't really thinking you will win a fixed election do you?

This story is very similar to something that happened in western Nebraska years ago. We were out pretty late one night in my aunt and uncle's 1977 Mercury Marquis. If you have never seen what this car looks like you should google it. Lets just say it is a huge very heavy car. Anyway, we took the car out to a remote stretch of road that the locals called "roller coaster road". It had a series of steep short hills that would give you a thrill if you went over them fast enough. It was about 2am and very dark. We started gaining speed and approching the hills. We flew over them and you could feel the car bottom out when we landed after each hill. When we got to about the fifth or sixth hill we flew over the top and when the headlights lit up the road in front of us all we saw was about eight stray cats feeding on some roadkill. They all turned their heads at the exact same time toward the headlights and then the car bottomed out on top on them. We finally got stopped and turned around only to see complete carnage on the road. Lets just say there were no survivors. I remember nobody in the car said a word for a long time on the ride back home because we were laughing much too hard to speak.

I travel quarterly to Cuba for family reasons. Unfortunately, the Vzln and Cuban governemtns have set up the cuban people for a huge fall if Vzla removes those subsidies. It will likely be a return to a very austere economy known as the Special Period (1992-1995, more or less) during which there were massive shortages across the board and constant rolling blackouts.This will be very visible result of creating an economy almost 100% dependent on subsidies. Before it was the USSR, now it's the Venezuelan Chavistas.How anyone can see that the cuban revolution was a success is beyond my understanding...unless you define a successful economy as completely dependent on a foreign government..

VIVA CAPRILES! Please save Venezuela Mr. Capriles!

It doesnt matter in the end you know socialism always fails eventually when people start dying from starvation they will turn away from it but not yet!

Cuba will never give up this rich colony that Venezuela has become.

Let's see do I vote for the socialist communist or the communist socialist..hummm. Very sad!  America is almost there...wake up people!The lazy people of Vnezuela will never elect Caprilles. The love the welfare state that Chavez has created.

Hmmmm.....good for Cuba!

Venezuela, economic FAIL, thank Chavez, Oil for America the enemy, poverty for his people.hahahah, and they kept reelecting him (like Obama)

Venezuela is now the country in the region with the lowest inequality level (measured by the Gini Coefficient) having reduced inequality by 54%, poverty by 44%. Poverty has been reduced from 70.8% (1996) to 21% (2010). And extreme poverty reduced from 40% (1996) to a very low level of 7.3% (2010)...But you don't see this facts in the corrupted U.S. media.

I have one word for  Capriles .......DUCK.

If  Oblamas was smart he would give Capriles cia protection or at least Intel.

"This model is not viable" - Well said, Capriles. Unfortunately, it's going to take some pain to rid many Venezuelans from their irrational cult-like worship of Chavez. I wish him the best, as his leadership would be a breath of fresh air badly needed for the economy there, which is on an unsustainable track.

Buy your votes Maduro, it worked for our President too!!

For the editors who wrote this article and for those who are still ignorant.1. There are NO fair elections in Venezuela. They are corrupt and the communist will ALWAYS win. In the locations that vote for the opposition, the communists along with the Cuban "doctors" better known as Cuban "military personnel" will always shut down their polling places early or will say there are technical problems and people cannot vote. Those who get upset are beaten by these "Vigilantes from Cuba". Maduro will win. The only reason they have elections is to convince real stupid people like Jimmy Carter.2. Capriles will likely be eliminated either before the elections or after. Maduro (by instruction of the Castro brothers) will disappear Capriles, get some innocent person off the streets as "his assassin" and then blame the United States to make it look like it was Maduro so the USA can invade. Maduro will also put troops on the streets to shut down the opposition.3. Chavez ies on December 29th. He died in Cuba likely poisoned by the Castro brothers. The Castros control Venezuela.Blood will run in Venezuela soon. Maduro is crazier than Chavez.

its not harder for you to find food sir. please go back to your posh new york apartment and let the venesuelans expunge you from their country and memories. retudrs devastated by this news.Capriles is a western puppet...!

Funny   who s  coat tails  is  this idiot  riding on people there need to wake up

I feel for the venezuelan people another dictator if Ignoramus Maduro wins.

Incredible that the Bus driver is setting up his opponent and blaming the USA in advance.  Do these people not see through this?

Capriles is certainly no alternative. People are tired of the oppressors and racists such as the ones in this post.

except this clown will never be president...

The Who sang about it 40 years ago....."meet the new boss, same as the old boss (sadly the Venezuelan's), will get fooled again."

If you ever want to learn why the USA hates Venezuela so much, look for the movie "The Revolution Will Not Be Televised".   An indepth look at the Bush Regime 2002 coup attempt which has no dramatic recreations, 100% of the movie is real footage during the CIA coup.

Capriles is a puppet to the USA then. Let all the Venezuelans who fled with billionsof dollars of unearned OIL money come back with it to Venezuela first. Why do thevery rich and greedy Venezuelans still want to make more money while the majoritywill still live in poverty in OIL rich Venezuela ?

Capriles = another US puppet..Venezuelan opposition presidential candidate Henrique Capriles- a TRUE agent of the USA.- could care less of the People of Veneauela (unless they are the Rich, in which case he will cut their taxes like the Republicans in the US)

These stupid Americans are complete morons. They just dont want to believe that the world is slowly moving away from US. Let them try to be smart with China. They will be drowned in the Pacific Ocean lock, stock and barrel...

a bus driver.... can be president in venezuela!!! love it!! AMERICA WATCH AND LEARN HOW DEMOCRACY WORK!!

Watch:"Confessions of an Economic Hit Man" on the tube...

Can you stop quoting these polls yahoo? they have absolutely no scientific backing behind them, they just publish whatever the government tells them to publish. You're just feeding the propaganda machine of the usurper maduro

Maduro was born in Cucuta Colombia, in Barrio Carora, where his mother still lives. He has NO legal right to be President of Venezuela.

CAPRILES FOR PRESIDENT.....

Take away Cuba's enabler, then they'll see poverty as never before. Poverty has a way of changing governments.

Maduro me la mama.

Maybe it's just a bad (very very bad) photo, but the dude in that picture looks a lot older than just 40.Capriles is a puppet of right wing elite of Venezuela. God bless Hugo Chavez!!!

I just hope that Maduro's peole don't get to Capriles. He is very definitely in danger from these evil people.

Hey!  He has a bottle of water in his hand.  The left in his country and this one have just disqualified him from public office.

Will he end the US giveaways also!? Will he end the programs started under Chavez to heat the homes of poor Americans??? Will he end those subsidies also!?

Capriles is a Zionist Puppet.

This story is such a misrepresentation. This political dissenter is promising to cease 'aid' to Cuba? Really?! What a lie! Cuba does most of the processing of Venezuela's oil! What would Venezuela's oil do without Cuba's refineries? Really?!  This politician is not telling it like it really is.

another dictator in the making, and the usual mind of a madman that goes with it.

U people in the usa don't like brown people  why should he be friendly to u so you can steal their oil   like u are trying to do in the middle east

In 2002, in the midst of 9/11 and the Afghan war, Bush decided to try and overthrow venezuela.   In April, the CIA brought in Pedro Carmona and had a select group of generals kidnap Chavez using the military.   Carmona declared himself president for life, dissolved the government and surrounded the presidential grounds with soldiers.The Palace guard revolted against Carmona and attempted to arrest him but he fled with his generals and at least 500 million in stolen Bolivars to a waiting CIA jet outside of Caracas.He then flew back to the USA.Chavez was rescued and the democratic government restored within 2 days of the coup attempt.

I'm not sure attacking Cuba will play well among ordinary Venezuelans. You see, in Latin America, Cuba is not feared or hated, generally speaking. It's a popular vacation destination. Latin Americans are free to travel to Cuba whenever they want (unlike most readers of this comment, who can only know anything about Cuba from media reports, rumor and propaganda.) It's not unusual for even right-wing Latin Americans to travel to Cuba.I'm not sure attacking Cuba will play well among ordinary Venezuelans. You see, in Latin America, Cuba is not feared or hated, generally speaking. It's a popular vacation destination. Latin Americans are free to travel to Cuba whenever they want (unlike most readers of this comment, who can only know anything about Cuba from media reports, rumor and propaganda.) It's not unusual for even right-wing Latin Americans to travel to Cuba.

The USA KEEP THEM IN POWER AND YOUR POINT IS.

more power to Mr. Maduro  and the poor , they are not stealing from anybody it's their oil  unlike usa that steal and kill other people for their oil say its not true

thank god the poor can vote i know u white people in the good U.S.OF A DON'T LIKE . BUT KNOW WHAT U ARE NOT Venezuelan we don't care what u think

the usa give money to kill people

thank god the poor have the voting power and not the rich because the poor man will die

the people of Venezuela win and USA will lose big time , its there oil they do what they want with ,and if means helping the poor then so be it , Cuba gets oil Venezuela gets doctors win win

Money from international oil interests is streaming into this election to defeat Maduro. The fifth largest depository of oil in the western hemisphere and its profits hang in the balance. Big oil wants it back, and the Venezuelan people be damned. When they asked John D. Rockefeller how much money was enough?  (when he and his Standard Oil, had made him the richest man in the world) His response was "just a little more"...

"Youthful" Capriles looks sick in this picture.Mr. Brian Ellsworth, could you please explain what "restrictions in the media" means ?

No more "CHEAP OIL" to Cuba...That is the goal of the "Big Mouth" CaprilesWhat He doesn't say is : We will sell the Oil to the USA. very cheap....Whatabout the Venezuelan people..?? Oh, well, they don' even have cars..I willcreate a Oil Company with G.Bush and his family.....So...There it goes thedemocracy, which the venezuelan people have been fighting for the last 20years...It takes one "Black Sheep" to screw up everything.Venezuela won't change it socialist XXI system without a foreign invasion. The Venezuelan people know by now what socialism XXI is they also have been benefited with those policies set by Chavez specially the poor who are the majority and won't give up without a foreign invasion like Libya or Syria, and that won’t happen in South America thus I do not see a change via elections in Venezuela because the majority of the people would like to keep the current system.

The Right Wing Rednecks are just mad becuase nobody will vote for a guy named Capillary.

GOOD!!!!   Capriles is a reactionary globalist tool...  He would be the worst thing for the average person there...LONG LIVE THE MEMORY OF CHAVEZ...  And may his good work continue on...

"Capriles has berated Maduro as a weak imitation of the late Hugo Chavez, whose death two weeks ago convulsed the country and triggered the April 14 vote"  What ?! First election Caprilles calls Chavez an incompetent, corrupt, authoritarian. Now he berates Maduro as not being Chavez. ?? Well, nobody ever said that you had to have a brain to be a right-wing puppet of Washington.

If Capriles wins (hope he doesn't ) he will end up selling all the goods and crude for nothing. Just like the Dominican Republic is doing in return of misery. Thing in DR was better when Trujillo and Balaguer so should be Venezuela with the Chavismo movement.

Has Maduro kept his word to debate against Capriles?

The only reason why this guy will win is because his only game plan is scare people to vote for him.  Saying the U.S. is behinde Hugo's death and that he is also a targeted by the U.S.  It's a joke, the country needs someone who will not doing anything for a dollar and lead the people to a new way of life.  All the people under Chavez need to go in order for the country to improve.

All politicians  in venezuela has been  a bunch worthless men  politicians since 1950 as far i know and so alot other latin american countries they don't know to be leader  and guide theirs country that was the spanish heritage left to the latin country since crisforo colombo arrive in the americas,I feel sorry for all those country...from mexico to argentina ..

"El Choferito" will stay in power until Diosdado Cabello say so.

People of Venezuela don't want Polak Jew (Henrique Capriles Radonski) as a president, most likely in the Christian Latin country they would prefer one of their own.If Capriles doesn´t win, I hope he can come to the US and run for something. Stop giving handouts all over the world and bring the money back home. Finally, a leader with some sense! Vote Capriles!!!!!!!

Capriles is toast and he knows it!

how many people here know where venezuela is located ...10% ? .

NO smokes for you.

Capriles will transfer all aid to GLAAD and Israel.

OIL SHIPMENT TO CUBA WILL BE DOUBLED!!!

Was he hot or angry in that rally? Ah! In Maracaibo, both then!

Jesus Christ will watch over Venezuela and protect it from the anti christ USA puppet fascist republican capriles. God Bless Chavez and the people of Venezuela and protect them from the Yankee Devil Capriles.

Finally they leak the NEW Puppet of the Bog OIL, State Department and the MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX. is this the guy they are FINALLY going to settle on, I know the Americans have really been fretting on how to get THEIR OIL away from those FOOLS Venezuela. Now, when is the first shipment of HIGH GRADE Explosives, you know the kind they used on the TOWERS in New YORK and how are they going to justify using the DRONES against the people, last question how long ( lets make this a money pool 100 minimum limit) will it take for the Anti American corporations working hand in hand with the MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX, and the Anti American corporate OWNED CIA operatives in the State department, how long before the MAKE BELIEVE American Instigated RIOTS start? Lets start the money pool.

Is this guy a moron?  If inflation is a problem, then proposing to boost governmental employees pay 40% will make the matter worse.  Inflation is caused by too much money chasing too few goods.Is this guy a moron?  If inflation is a problem, then proposing to boost governmental employees pay 40% will make the matter worse.  Inflation is caused by too much money chasing too few goods.

Why would Venezuela be a puppet of Cuba LOL

He looks like that little #$%$ that mows my lawn.

what a bunch of stoopid yank comments here, pick up a book, no better yet, pick up a PASSPORT AND ACTUALLY LEAVE THE USA YOU PRICKS.

Well, its the same form of government and they have the same financial issues....

huh... seems they grew some balls to end the trade, wonder how cuba is going to take it

you have 26 days left.think! no one stand up for your own home.let make history.god bless you .mr Caprile

Fat butt greedy corrupt Jew mafia thug , U   R   "deadmeat"

Win, Win,Now  Maduro won't have to kill Capriles. then blame on the US.

I like to see how these white folks here, and most of them, republicans, hate socialism so much.What they are really saying is that they don't want to provide any basic help to non-white majorities like in Venezuela, who have been left behind by white minority governments that governed for decades if not centuries in South-America.Capriles is a #$%$ Z ionist imperialist and I don't see Venezuelans electing this guy for President.Hugo Chavez educated a lot Venezuelan people about Goldman Sachs/Wall Street Capitalism that runs the USA and the West and I don't see them electing this guy. Capitalism is failing in the USA/West as we speak and yet these white folks here looooove it. LOLHow stupid does this pro-chavez piece of #$%$ think we are??? The U.S. is going to kill the one chance we have of getting our #$%$ e s in that oil market?? Hes gonna kill him and blame us...phuckyn greaseballs!!

Capriles is puppet for America

Capriles is pro-oligarch.... He's going to lose!

Never fear........the parasitic poor majority will vote in Madura

Must be a descendant of another barbarian, Cortez!

If you've never lived outside of the U.S. and you get all your scholarily PEARLS OF WISDOM insight from FOX NEWS &amp; Limbaugh......Do me a favor and shut the [F][U][C][K] UP......

Hermanos en Venenzuela, no permitan que su govierno siga regalando lo que les pertenece a ustedes y a sus hijos, China Cuba y los otros paises que han estado recibiendo su producto y no pagar lo que el mercado demanda le estan robando el futuro a sus hijos. Primero tiene uno que hacer lo mejor para su familia y luego para los demas. El senor Capriles quisas no sea lo mejor que ustedes se merecen pero creo que es mucho mejor que lo que el Sr. Maduro ofrece para ustedes y sus hijos. Pidan trabajos pidan seguridad para su familia y ustedes..Una vez que esto sea logrado entonces pueden ayudar a los hermanos mas necesitados.

Just another puppet of the US.

A former Bus Driver? Nice to see a country where someone from such humble beginnings could aspire to such a lofty role in society. I mean being from America, where you can only get there if you were once a Kennedy or have millions in the bank or went to an Ivy League school or you cut your political teeth in Hollywood, it restores my belief in the common man.

Maduro doesn't need to kill Capriles..Capriles is a loser..he will never be President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela.Kill this mf !!

At least they have free medicines, free healthcare, free hospitals, free food, free schools, free universities, and the world's cheapest gasoline, only $0.50 cents the Gallon  !!...you gringos do not have any of this !

Finally Venezuela open they eyes. The Communist country Cuba, Iran and others  take to mush free Oil from Venezuela,  that from the Venezuela people. Henriquez Capriles is the only way out, for a better Venezuela.

This is a "Phoney Election Process". The fat pig`s heir, Maduro will win because "They Control the Voting Machines". They will set up the machines to record every vote for Maduro. The only way Dictators are removed from office is by KILLING THEM!!!!!! You will never remove a dictator with votes!!!

i wish Capriles would win but we all know he wont the time is too short

What about oil subsides provided by Venezuela to places like Jamiaca?  Will the US pick of the difference if the opposition kicks out the pro-Chavez people?

wait till that overturns in favor of Capriles. He is a winner. Maduro count ur days. run, run, run

special interest would nearly like to coup him out of there and put in their own super capitalist puppet.. to represent the imperialist .

They can give oil the problem is ... Well we know just like you know ... They want that oil .... Take it away from cuba and other countries and give it to exxon and chevron .... To make multiple billions of dollars and hole the people hostage .... With there own oil and other resources ..... It enought oil to build all these countries the right way not the  ? Way

Maduro is going to give  cell phones like  Obama, the fellow socialist ...Capriles will be eliminated "disappeared" by Maduro who will then blame the US for his disappearance citing that the US killed him to invade Venezuela. These are all typical communist actions headed by Fidel and Raul Castro, Venezuelas real presidents!Chavez died in Cuba on December 29th. They allowed his body to rot before they could preserve it. The Venezuelan communists then declared that he came to a Venezuelan hospital and was there until he died. Those parades that are taking the casket of Chavez down all the towns are false. His followers are just praying to an empty box. Chavez was killed by Castro just like he did with the Che Guevara when he became too popular with the revolutionaries.Maduro will set troops in the streets when he announces that Capriles has disappeared to avoid the opposition from protesting. Any of the opposition is imprisoned or shot to death via his commands directed from Cuba.

We need a champion like Henrique Capriles to end American giveaways, especially to Zionist Israel. NOTE: Israeli air and sea forces deliberately and knowingly attacked USS Liberty in international water on June 8, 1967 with the intention of sinking her and having Egypt blamed.

To all those who claim that some big and powerful country (I wonder what country that is) has been destabilizing democratic elected governments in Latin America and other continents with the sole purpose of taking control of all the resources like oil, coffee, gold, silver, sugar, cotton, beans, corn, milk, marijuana, alcohol, chicha, chickens, cows, oxen, armadillos, coca plants... sorry but the list is infinite, I want to tell you this, and I will say it loud and clear:"YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY CORRECT"!!!!

The Cuban revolution and revolutions in Nicaragua, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela together with Lula in Brazil and Cristina in Argentina changed Latin America from US backed dictatorships to true democracies.Americans are now in a financial and political crisis while Latin America is enjoying economic and political prosperity.Gracias gringos pendejos.

According to which polls? The polls carried out by Maduro´s thugs??

Capriles is thinking about moving to Miami and run for mayor..telling the people about more isolation for Cuba will work in Miami not in Venezuela..

Must took the words from the Yahkee!

Viva Chavez! Viva Maduro! Down with the oligarchs!

SHARE THE WEALTH work for peace.

Venezuelan Jew with Polish roots  is making inroads - with American blessing.'Subsidized' is the key word because Cuba hasn't been receiving anything for free.  Can't put a price tag on doctors and medical care especially when Venezuela had little in accommodating their population before this creative plan.  It's a completely antithetical reality where it is clear that Capriles would give the his soul to the West vs. Chavis (Madura) would continue to be sensitive to the needs of poor countries and communities, including Boston USA.  This election will surely help to see where the soul of this nation ends up.

Republicans have gotten so bitter, upset, angry &amp; sullen it seems they hate just about everything now......Just a observtion, "red thumbs down this to confirm".

He will Win a Fixed Election like his Muslim Counterpart Obama.

Good Luck  Capriles!!!!!

Go Capriles Go!

I guess when the government controls the press how could you possibly loss.

I'm on a mission in Central Amerrica right now. Even the socialist countries are amazed at the bovine stupidity of the Venezuelans--every day there are headlines detailing the billions Chavez and his family robbed from the treasury in the past few years.I haven't seen much of this reported in the northern media but down here everybody's wondering how much is being blacked out in Venezuela.It just might be the western version of North Korea.

Continue chavez way. When the oil money is spent on health care it is bad???? When it goes to the corporations it is good??????? This is outrageously ridiculous.

Those who prefer Capitalism better stay in U.S. and die of hunger. how #$%$ one must be to be duped and still not to feel that he is cheated out of his wealth and love the old rotten system of Capitalism. I am serious. For sure only two groups of people like Capitalism. The crooks and the #$%$!!!!.

Getting ready to receive a machine gun of thumbs down.... Guys, calm down, all the mechanisms to live a good life are there in the US, you got to be more independent, don't expect too much from your government. I'm not wealthy or anything but I live a good life because I don't expect anything from anybody, I go after what I want, what I need, I'm also a peaceful guy but if the government threatens to take what is rightfully mine I'll bite their heads off. What I mean is, go around the obstacles, protect what is yours and you'll be OK. We're on our own, that's how life goes. No government helps it's people why would the US be different? Capisci?Communism was a necessary evil for certain nations after WWII. It provided an idea of collective interest above individual interest, social order and a different kind of national pride, but that was then. Later those countries found out that their system was obsolete and hard line communism was a thing of the past. Now it doesn't make any sense. Countries that chose to adopt it nowadays will be going backwards.

You mean that socialist economic miracle 90 miles from the U.S. must have its oil imports subsidized? Does that Bolshevik fraud in the White House know this? (Does he know ANYTHING???)

We do business with China...why not Cuba?

radical socialism,happening now in the USA

he just lost the election

He still looks like Sadam.

It's time for the whole world to stop supporting the Castro plantation and let the nine million slaves go free.

bg deal they wil get it from china  chinese  their drilling riggs have been pumping oil out of cuban of shore oil leases /

Maduro they have the hit out on you !

For once it is good to read other people have to put up with politicians like we do. At least it gives us a break.Charity starts at home..! - Venezuela has enough needs to be giving away free oil to Cuba or anybody.

Cuba takes the oil from Venezuela and Cuba sends Venezuela slave labor, not a bad deal.  They call that I beleive communism.I hope Obama does not hear about this, he might get funny ideas.

"Venezuela's Capriles vows to halt oil aid to Cuba" haha what an idiot; he really has no chance now. Is that supposed to be a plus on his side? Venezuelan citizens and Cubans are sister countries, he is trying to appeal to the Anglos? HAHA again...Idiot.

this means nothing.  Chavez's puppet will be elected anyway.  If not, the military is there to ensure his puppet will be the Presidente!

Maduro is the only one  trying to kill him .

I really hope this Capriles is the man who is true to his word. Cuba is still not meaningless to many. freaking castros should be castrated.

One of these days the taxpayers of Venezuela will be heard from.  Maybe Venezuela can take over some of our foreign aid largesse.

Nuca ganaran los gusanos,no un paso atras,viva chavez viva venezuela,.con maduro todo esta seguro

Somos un pueblo la mayoria quiere el socialismo entiendan hijos de puta,muera el imperialismo

There is 1 rich around 10 000 poor so find the equation.This guy Capriles is as fake as it can be !  He is got no chance ... Chavez was a jack#$%$ as well but there is a reason why he won the election ... he was really helping poor people.

...." How fortunate for Governments that the people they administer don't think..."( A. Hitler ).

what the heck are the little yellow balls, creepy

Who care?  Really.

Naaahhh.... Socialism, socialism is not really a bad thing but becomes a bad thing when misused. Two good examples of socialism, although, not known as socialist countries, Japan and Sweden. Visit these countries, talk to the people, even when they complain about their government we don't know what to say... is like.... "And they think they have it bad!"

If Caprilles has a chance of winning the election Maduro will sign his death certificate. Socialists live by fear &amp; lies. By the way, why does Obama lie about Benghazi and threaten US witnesses who escaped the planned attack if they come forward.

yeap Mamaduro want to kill Capriles and try to blame on EE.UU, patadas de ahogados, I can wait till this Chavismo is Over. GO GO CApriles be carefull with this killer and please!!! save Venezuela.

Henrique Capriles is a hand picked candidate of the oligarchs and globalist.  Henrique Capriles is a mad man.  Cuba has sent thousands of doctors, teachers, and engineers to Venezuala helping building hospitals, schools, roads, universities and etc. This mad man Henrique Capriles should be talking about improving the people's standard of living rather than attacking Cuba which is helping the Venezuela people.

It all comes down to what the malleable minded masses desire, Socialism/government or Capitalism/freedom. With Socialism, what happens when other peoples money runs out?

Capriles is a Zionist stooge so he's no better.Capriles te dedico esta canción a ti y a la sucia oligarquía que anda tras el petroleo de la patria de bolívar....., y no volverán a robar a venezuela como en los tiempos pasados, como dice aquel adagio, lo pasado pisoteado, y así tendrán que quedarse por no estar de nuestro lado.

Maduro will win! Capriles is the past,is the corruption,is the rich minority and US favorite.

Communist puppet against imperialist puppet! Who will win??

we know that you want to give it all to the Jews who control America and Europe for free. Henrique Capriles you coward Jew puppets your not fit to be a janitor.

Capriles = US PAID WH_RE

not worry our c.i.a will mess things up and back the wrong one for prst.

Chavez should have left power, but he also helped the poor.  Capriles Rodinsky is nothing but a Zionist with friends in STAR Island, so lets see who the Venezuelan people choose, a socialist who helps the poor, or a Zionist who will sell the country's industries to the highest bidder.

its the Jews who want to kill coward Jew puppet Capriles to create chaos and violence among the Venezuelan people so they can suck out and steal Venezuelan resources.Jews the root cause of all evil in this world.

So what happens when Maduro wipes the floor up with Capriles?

Who the fork is this guy but another zinist INSTALLED as the alleged opposition? Thius guy;s last name is RADONSKY and he is 100% jewish which means that zionists could be in control of venezuela if he wins.BUT, he will not win. He will be ousted as a potential candidate very soon and might even get arrested. I'm not surprised that american news outlets FRAME is like he is somebody already. He VOWS to cut off Cuba oil aid ? Really ? Isn't that what americans want ? Isn't he following american ZIONIST instructions? This is SOOOOO clear to most Venezuelans but not in america where most people believe what they read.This piece's title is a JOKE and designed to lend legitimacy to this otherwise TOTALLY zionist financed guy. What kills me is that he is just refered to to as capriles and not RADONSKY which is his full last name. In Venezuela, poeple are able to tell if you're jewish by your last name so the fact that his last name is CONVENIENTLY OBFISTCAED or OMMITTED is the real tell tale sign that the zionists are trying to sneak him into power.I can't wait till this guy gets ARRESTED instead of elected. GO CHAVISTAs !!!!!All I can say is Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....Maduro !....

Why on earth would Maduro have Capriles killed? He just need to take a sit and win the upcoming election by landslide. Capriles is a political corpse already and was smashed on the last 2 elections. The comments you have to read here.... amazing. How's the weather on fantasyland?