North Korea is tiring it has been for 60 years. I am surprised in this day and agethat China would put up with the embrassing little brother.. I dont get it..

China needs to reign in it's pet dog NK.   It's about to get run over !

Saddam was all talk, and look what it got him. Kim needs to cool it before he meets the same fate.

Be afraid, be very afraid of the BUFFs.

Peace through superior Firepower.....Works every time.

NK does this every few years. They threaten war, they bluster about nuking SK....and in the end, the US president tosses them a few billion taxpayer dollars and NK shuts up until the next time they want some money.

I recall a evening driving onto Osan Airbase in the late 80s during Team Spirit. They were launching 50 fighter jets one after another till all were airborne. IT WAS LOUD! The Stars and Stripes reported the next day it was an unprecedented show of force in the far east at the time. made me proud.

How do you lay waste to a country that's nothing but waste now?

They should be flying B-2s, F-117s, &amp; anything else stealth capable, periodically going in &amp; out of stealth mode. Keep the North Koreans on their toes as they get radar hits over SK airspace then lose them, over &amp; over again. It's gotta make them wonder if we have stuff over their airspace that they can't detect.

We should be flying the B-2s and the B-1s with live nukes to show the North Koreans that we will not be bullied.  Also have a Ohio class SSBN or SSGN make a South Korean port call to drive that point home even further.BOOM!!!

Why on Earth are they making it public when bombers will be flying over S.K. and why in another article was it said how many missile interceptors we have and how many more we are planning on producing? Both of these sound like very classified information to me. Why don't we give them the launch codes while we are at it. Oh and don't forget the keys to the war room in the White House.

Shouldn't China be the one to teach this brat some respect?

Dear Mr. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , would you and the rest of the military apparatus not telescope to NK and the rest of the World what we will do or can do to protect ourselves?? you seem to be playing an "I dare you" child's game...... silence about "can do" top secret moves should be paramount....

With the prosperity the South has enjoyed, we should have long ago made them defend themselves.

Poke! poke! poke!

I wonder how many F-117's and B-2 bombers have flown by undetected.

So.. what if N.Korea's plan is to draw the U.S into the region, N. Korea launches a rogue missile at China and blames it on the U.S or makes it look like it was us.. what then?

All Talk and No Action won't make the North Korean regime to listen. It is highly likely that North Korea will get more aid shipments from the U.S. while they are making more progress on their nuclear weapons developments.

So how many tons of free rice are they willing to accept from the U.S. this time?The North Koreans ought to ask some of the  North Vietnam vets what they thought of the B-52's, and that was with  250,and 750 pound bombs. Were not talking what the US used during the Korean War which they seem to be in a lost time zone.Go Buff driver's could be Miller time in the near future.

B-52s are our most reliable bombers and they were built in the 50s and 60s. How much are we paying again for the F22 and F35 and still haven't gotten anything? How much did we pay for the B1 and got nothing? How much did we pay for the B2 and still have to rely on the B-52???

China will slap little Kim on the back of his hand and say bad boy! and nothing else!

If multiple nukes are launched from either side and they are advanced bombs you can rest assure it does not matter too much where they go off in the atmosphere. We will all suffer the consequenses while the big wigs  are comfortably under ground. It would be at this point that I would need a survival weapon to defend against looters and other criminals  should I survive the contaminated air. I will not give up my right to defnd myself!

I dont think the North korean missle tests  have made it very much further than japan mr hagel ...Uh ..Whats with the billion dollars in Alaska  ?

We should put Dennis Rodman in the launcher bay of a B-52 and launch him over the top of NK.

We can sink your country, NK.  We can sink it.

Leave the Koreas alone to negotiate their own peace treaties. We should stop trying to dominate the world. I believe the Koreans are very patriotic to their country Korea and will eventually recombine. In 1997 when Korea was in financial trouble, the Korean housewives gave the govt their jewelry to help the country out. Will we do the same in the USA? Hell, no. Instead they govt will force us to give to them by keep on increasing our taxes.

Well for years now the U.S. and other countries i'm sure have had dry runs for the day when some nut job gets his hands on the big one.I hope and pray that when it happens that it'll be a limited nuclear strike before the world steps in and stops this insanity.The only way to win is not to play.Stock tip # 23 buy oil futures, because if it does happen gas and oil will go thru the roof.

If N. Korea really believes that we are an agressor bent on invasion.This has got to scare the bejesus out of them.When I was in Korea we used to hear the sonic booms of SR-71's.

New reports have NK employing human canonballs in arsenal to thwart US aggression

PORKY PIG KIM BACON!

B52s! Lets save gas and position a Trident around  Midway for a chip shot into NK. And to be nice about it! Send the butterball a menu of types of missiles we can send him.  Breakfast Lunch or Dinner, with or without chopsticks.

Well, I wish them a lot of good luck with that test. We have an obligation to support and defend our allies. We have to show N.Korea we are not wimps, &amp; not to screw with us, or threaten our allies. N. Korea is headed by a crazy person. God only knows what he's thinking. We have to show them we mean business, there is no other choice. You can't reason with the Devil !!!!!

I suppose that North Korea rally wants bring bad weather over South Korea, its up to us to Bring the Rain.

It says a lot about the cost of maintaining the world's strongest military when a show of force includes flying aircraft that are older than their pilots.

The Day before North Korea Nukes any Nation will have been their best day and Last Day.

I built bombs for them during the 1st Gulf War. One of my highlights ofa 20 yr AF career. Nuclear or conventional  That is one Killing machineto see up close. Airborne Population control they will never see them or hear them.

China's move, either reign in Kim or take responsibility for what happens next, CHECK!B-52s. You just have to love B-52s. They are 60 years old and still able to rock the world.

I have seen B52's in action in Viet nam with regular bombs in Arc Light utter destruction I can't imagine them with nukes

"speak softly and carry a big stick" A B-52 is  very big stick or big can of whup #$%$.

We could send 20 maybe 30 B-52's loaded with 1,000 pounders south to north and pretty much take care of th entire problem if dropped in the right places. I can't believe Little pile o' dung still thinks he can take on anyone.

"...but Little said those participating in the Korean exercise are not armed with nuclear weapons."LOL! Yeah, you bet. The day a B-52 isn't carrying nukes on an exercise near hostile territory is the day the USA is completely broke.

Who is rattling sabers now.  May not want to ware out the B52s use B1s there faster

I wouldn't sell the B-52's short, they maybe old but  I wouldn't want them looking for me,ask any former VC they were terrified of them!!!!

Bad boy, bad boy, What ya gonna do when they come for you. Bad boy, bad boy.

North Korea is worried about getting paid.

A "pre-emptive" nuclear (attempt) attack by North Korea on the United States would be complete nonsense when the final score is settled.  Would a NK launched nuclear weapon going off over America hurt America...Absolutely.  But would it destroy America...No.   But what it would insure is the unleashed furiosity of the American people and the absolute incineration of the North Korean regime, military, and a massive number of civilians.  One can only hope that they do not believe their own suicide is a viable option.Chuck Hagel does not strike me as a guy who they want to saber rattle with. This is a guy who saw extensive action while he was enlisted. Kim might find himself governing a crater very soon.

I would up it to 10 planes, but hey at least we finally are starting to respond to Lil Kim.

Good!  We need to push back as hard as we can against the gangsters who rule North Korea.  Let them understand their threats are nothing but childish bravado.

When there is a rabid dog in the neighborhood you don't place sanctions on him, you give him a merciful death with a bullet to the head.

this is looking worse and worse for North Korea,all its civilians should start moving out.China help these people!!

China does not want the N Korean mongrals in their country either.

I say bring back the Selective Service. First round of drafts should be all of the illegals who want to make money here without any responsibility. They will either get ready for war or they would leave forever. Two birds with one rock.

China does not want North and South Korean nations to have a peace settlement with each other because it would then be bordered by a Democratic society. The South would likely topple that cheese head leader and they would become a democratic government. Don't forget that they are Chi Commies, along with North Korea. Maybe they could send Mayor Bloomberg their to run things.Seems like he wants to become some kind of dictator. He could even ban large soft drinks and smoking.

Anyone else think Joe Biden looks like Mr. Potato Head?

Although The North would be deafeated this time, ........ its not Afghanistan or Iraq. B-52's would be usless until air superiority is gained, that should take more than a day or two, if not less time.They need to strap a couple of them Nuke's to those B-52's and lose them over the Government Seat in North Korea. That would really make that "DICTATING LITTLE BOY" cry about losing all his expensive Sports Cars and other TOYS!

Un is dense - he will want to play.

Now why did Truman fire MacArthur and give N Korea back to the Kims? I forget, but there must have been reason that escapes everyone with a brain. And the Democrats claim Bush was a bad president. I guess if you don't count all the bad Democrat presidents we've had since and including Wilson...

Does North Korea realize that they're losing their biggest ally, China, at this point? They're going to be on their own, with no place to hide.

We don't want war but I pray to God.. that stupid fat boy, Kim Jong Un, committing suicide by firing a nuclear rocket at us so we can wipe this communist country out of the world map

B-52  is for North Korea to open their eyes.

Wow! Those flying fortresses can still pack a punch. I remember when stationed in S. Korea late 1976 during the tree cutting incident at the DMZ, they deployed to give the N. Korea a wakeup call.

Yawn. The US would not and could not use a nuke strike unless it was in retaliation for a first nuke strike by NK. 5 million NK regulars coming south across the boarder would only be met by conventional weapons by the US. You would see the draft reinstated in that event.

The art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy's not coming, but on our own readiness to receive him; not on the chance of his not attacking, but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable.- Sun Tzu

Now thats what I'm talking about. There you go boys. Look up in the sky and realize what is there and ready to rain down all kinds of death and destruction upon your behinds. Peace would be much more peaceful than a bomb bay full of a whole lot of boom-boom. And there is "plenty" more where that came from. Hey.....Like a famous philosopher once said: "Stupid Is As Stupid Does".we need to some how get the north korean people to understand we nor the  rest  of the   world is not their enemy the north korean government  is their enemy .

Nothing like dangeling a piece of meat in front of a starving dog. One nulcear bomb would create a chain of them thus killing most eveyone on the planet. F the elite.

son might start war this time where father and grandfather stayed back more but each generation gets worse

ap news gets the #$%$ award of the week, is this #$%$ un american or what ! SHUT UP.

Screw the show of force, and just use force.

One B52, and pyongyang will cease to exist.

BUFF's ROCK!

Run your mouths a little more you ignorant North Korean mother f'ers.... Then wait for the ground to shake in Pyongyang.

you can bet Nuke carrying subs are right off NK's coastline.....waiting

If b52's drop their bomb ! Nk will gone in 60 seconds!!use the B52 and carpet bomb NK till there is nothing left but a hole in the ground then tell Iran there next.

Just a Remember me thing.  Obama scare tactic again.

Well Yahoo decided you dont need to read the rest of my post. I said they need to send the illegal aliens that have gotten in to America illegally ovet there to earn the right to a better life they came here for. Any one of them over the age of 18 man or woman needs to be sent over there. THIS IS A PART OF BEING AN AMERICAN.

Aren't B-52 s horribly slow and about 70 years behind the times?

If we had a strong president (which we don't), Porkchop would get a phone call informing him that the next time he makes a threat he will wake up to a SEAL putting a .308 in his throat. The phone call would end with "Got it?" -CLICK-

So much for any military cuts by sequestration !!!

Whatever they intend to do with North Korea, please let us American know ahead of time about North Korean's NUKE missiles capability that can reach us without warning and preparation because we don't want to see what happened like 9/11 it was shocked.

I'm sure by now more then one nuclear submarine boomer of ours is parked off north Korea

Memo to One Hung Low:  One B-52 has more firepower than your entire military complex.  You should understand that before you OPEN-MOUTH-AND-INSERT-FOOT.  Who do you think you are?  MITT ROMNEY?

If the U.S. policy was to concider any attack made on the U.S. or an ally by North Korea as an attack made by China, then maybe the Chinese would get their new nuclear launch location and it's missles commander under control.Whenever North Korea makes a threat we ought to make one of the same like "go for it! because before you will ever know the fate of any rocket launch that you will make you will have already been annihilated"

howee kauu!, eesss  soooo  biiiiigggggg   aioopwaaane

The pen may be stronger than the sword... but I'd rather have a sword in a dark alley- Andrew Warnick

Can we make sure our de-facto Secretary of State Dennis Rodman is there before we attack ?

p.s. those of u disrespecting the B52 because its old are idiots!  The B52 is the best investment this country ever made!  Its not meant to beat fighters or missiles or anything else!  Its a dump truck for bombs as it so good at it that 50 years later we still can't build anything better!

For all you fools that are bashing Obama might want to remember how Bush sr and jr started three conflicts costing numerous American lives for no more than THEIR political gains.

u s is always ready for war...

None of our leaders have the balls to do anything except blow hard and spend all the tax payers money!

he said financial crisis in d.c. won't affect $$$ being sent to protect s. korea. of course. usa always has $$$ for other countries.  just none to spend on the people who earned it!  the taxpers of the usa...  p.s.  we've spent untold trillions on bombs / defense systems / planes / ships....  and we ain't got enuf?  "no lets spend another billion or so"   - something fishy going on

ny one ovet the age of 18 male or female illegql needs to go.romney would have already invaded...

Only North Korea would be afraid of a 70 year bomber, that is subsonic.

Bet Chuen Fat saw that B52 and left his hot pocket filled mouth open in awe. I personally hope he gets an up close and personal view one day.

509th Bomb Wing is all we need to turn NK to a pile of gravel

little fat boy has big poo poo in his pants

Chubby aisn boy needs to wake up... Or does anyone think he is in a league of his own like dancing with Cy ... Gandom style.

Peace the Old Fashioned way...B-52's  !!!

North Korea, do not mess with America. Do not mess with Texas. Do not mess with our allies. Do not mess with any of the States. No matter the  Rublican/ Democratic politics , the economy,  or any indifferences that may exist here, if you attack America, you will know that U.S.A. is actaully UNITED.

Why do we put up with this .North Korea will not stop making a nuclear weapon and the united nations will do nothing to stop them.enough already

North Korea should listen to the tune of POP GOES the WEASEL, and realize they will be the Weaselif anything comes into our airspace!!!"chickens in the pot"    """COOK IT"""   click  and it will be done no more little boy with a weak army of starved soldiers.

Just remember, all you pave NK and kill everything and everyone.. It's not the people, it's the politicians.

Dig out our neutron bombs and depopulate that fat piece of craps military.

Let's get the USS Pueblo back

The problem with crazy is, he believes his own rhetoric.

A "field day" for the SAMs. Sabre rattling when "anonymous" cruise missiles would do the job better.

Problem is China kind of secretly thinks we're doing all this to keep tabs on them and bottle them in the Pacific with our various Pacific based allies. They need to realize we're just trying to shove a dog's nose in it's own poo.

get the b-2's and b-1's flying around up there also.

...Next time fly B-2 with nukes....well for NK...B-52 should be OK...

North Korea Leader has said he wants no war at all with the U.N., He makes his school playground comments so he can tell his video game playing buddies see I made America send planes and so much fuel cost to fly them, laughing! His own  people want him dead, his military does not like him, Now the very hard bite of new sanctions!  His bread and butter is about to take a powerful hit, and dry up!Why do we need a nuclear test. We know what we are capable of.  This should show the US government that reducing our stock piles of nuclear is not a good idea.

is barry flying them?  Wow, he lead Seal Team Six and now flying 52s over NK.  A true hero to the world

You'll just make all the wrong people very, very angry.

unfortunantly, there aren't very many b 52 that are mission capable.certainly not enough to adequately maintain a war that would require large scale bombings which is always he case in a asian country......

The reality is,a war does not need to cost us much, fly a couple planes with a couple nukes and drop them. We already have them built. They keep provoking, do they expect us to wait until we cant.

maybe kim jon and baby boo boo's mom can get it on

I had been stationed at Osan Air Base during the mid-eighties when tensions were high again, and the U.S.A.F. flew a B-52 over our base. It was a very frightening sight sence it was flying north at the time at about one-thousand feet. The South Koreans know that we have their back when needed.

this is news?  gee i was on buff missions in the mid 70's over s korea

Pentagon threatens to drop old NBA basketballs on NK signed by Dennis Rodman.

bomb the sob and be done with it,, heres a place we can get rid of our and russia's nukes, put them out of their missery, and stop the nonsenceNext, the pentagon writes a stern letter to NK leaders: "Knock it off!" "Do you need a time out?"

I love the smell of burning NAPALM in the morning... :p

I heard John Kerry is driving a swift boat near the boarder................

The time for N. Korea to surender is now!!!!

Protect Japan!!, i love Japan!!

North Korea will have to take some protection steps not only from South Korea , from USA flying nukes as well. That is provoking for nuclear war.

Fyi,North Korea doesn't have thermal nuclear weapons/H bombs, what they have are nuclear bombs that aren't even half the power of the ones we dropped on the Japanese in 1945! Heck North Koreas nuke tests arn't even really bombs, you have to be able to drop a bomb...im not sure the north Koreans are even that far in developing these weapons!  They can't put one on a missile that is for sure! Anyway, North Korean nukes just don't produce that big of an explosion ..the USA has conventional weapons that are more powerful then N Korea's nukes!

It's easy to talk all this Nuke #$%$ when you truly don't understand the capability of them. Everything within 2 miles is completely gone and everything within 6 miles is more than likely going to have all 3 types of radiation. This could turn out very bad for any country. Just because we have missile defense, doesn't mean we know they work. To my knowledge, the US hasn't tested our missile defenses against Nuclear Weapons.

This little half Chinese pig don't know just what he's getting himself and other innocent people into, I hope he don't make the mistake because it will be his final one.

You know that dictator Kim will very upset and come out shaking his little finger (or whatever that is) at us for this!!!I thought we didn't have any money left?

Well we spend over 2 trillion per year on FOREIGN AID AND ARMS AND S KOREA / TROOPS THERE.   Egypt 1.2 trillion Syria 400 million.   so thats why Repukes want to cut seniors, womens health care, school kids lunches and medicare, medicaid and social security.. to spend more on Foreign aid. and WARS....

With North Korea putting the KN o8 missile on public display it looks like they mean business.Blaming us for exercising military training with South Korea, wanting us to be sitting ducks.Its reality that some of their missiles can reach our country. Watch out North Korea here comesthe B52 bombers your way. Just give a holler. Kim Jong UN needs to find a hole to creep in.He also ought to pack plenty of sandwiches for he may be in it for the long run.

All you need to do is drop leaflets showing mushroom clouds over N. Korea.

no more bla.bla.bla..put a nuclear bomb to those f.@$%^%$#korean chinese.-

I wonder if fat boy even has a minimal comprehension of what these planes are capable of. Even better, a few well armed cruise missles with the right stuff will obliterate the capital or just fat boys toy room!!!!!

That announcement is to keep Kim from thinking about the F-117s that have been making practice runs over their air defense systems and border artillery batteries. We've already mapped out their electronic plan of battle so when it happens we'll blind them and then take out all their ground assets of concern. Then when they launch their air force, our F-22s, F-15s, F-16s, and F/A-18s will take out their air force. And, our cruise missiles know where he lives.

Lets wait till the leaders of Iran,NK, and Cuba have an axes of evil meeting and them get them all at once.

If the B-52's in south korea, now or in the future have the need to turn north be ready for a sad song from the acoustic deliverance system brought to you by the State of New Mexico's research and development division at Los Alamos. NEW MEXICO MAKERS OF THE ULTIMATE BOOM BOX!!

If North Korea attacks South Korea, they will be met with a doom unheard of, the US will bomb them back to Stone age, enough said!!!China is no different then North Korea, read it's History and present times, they are both from one litter, and I don't see either one of them changing anytime soon.

Korea, like every other country, should be fighting their own battles.

It's best to plan for all contingencies.  Hopefully nothing happens but at least we are aware of the threat.  North Korea would be making a huge miscalculation to ever use a nuclear weapon on a another country.

just like a dumb #$%$ saying  that those bombers are not armed with nukes why would even say that? ohh hay north korea  were flying over here unarmed ok. not smart, not smart at all.

Obama the peace-prized war-monger at it again!

Aren't these B52s the same planes that couldn't even flush out the rats known as Vietnamese in the 60s?

Play Reagan's way choke the communist China to death then the rest will disappear

Someone reply on my comment ! What if nk drop the nukes in the USA ?My respond  ! Make sure that fat little kid is on it !! Bcoz USA is not going anywhere !!

they need to be vaporized.............and anyone that tries to stop us needs to be vaporized too.Here's where the talkin' ends !!!One article said we ate all the birds. That alone is enough as far as this American is concerned !!

The North Korean leader is insane! If we are going stop him it would be better to make a deal with China first to get Kim out of office and get some sanity back in that country with a more mature leader. If that doesn't work then we can help Kim with his suicidal thoughts another way.You know... Maybe the US is sending the message of what they think of NK. Weve got freakng laser weapons but you only concern us so much that we will only use 50 year old carpet bombers haha.

"highlighting"? Does that mean we are playing hail to the chief while fancy smoke comes out the back of them?

Confucius say "it is better to pre-empt than to be pre-empted1'"BLAST THE FIRST N. KOREAN LONG RANGE MISSIILE that shows its nose!

F the BS, lets just get it done...

I bet NK is scared.....flying planes and making sactions.....hooo scary.

Forget nukes!We should be filling the B-52's and B-1's (and what ever else can carry ordinance.) with NAPALM! Turn them all into crispy critters!Worked on Toyko back in March of 1945...

Turn that little NK p=ssy leader into dust...the world won't mind.

line up all of our b 52's wingtip to wingtip and get it over with all the people who are left can start over the best they can hopefully with a new leader who was once poor and hungry

Blah blah blah, lies lies lies

Very soon Nigeria will become the next soft target for the Islamists groups trying everywhere to establish a permanent home. The rapid activties of the Boko Harlem group in Nigeria are the prelimnary stages to that effect. Something must be done now before it becomes uncontrollable.Why do we have to police the world? When we cant even police the state of colo.

Pretty bad when an idiot like Rodman is allowed to even visit the head idiot of NK--cut off all relations with this country

Here it is in a nut shell we're tired and exhausted by his chicken #$%$ threats and history shows WE do not bluff or #$%$ around with idiots he wants to play shot caller gonna get it broke off in his #$%$ for my intelligent people who do there homework and know about America,china,Iran,etc.. WERE THE ELITE and even though neither sides want its china is blowing smoke there not gonna do #$%$ Iran either but?? make no mistake you have to take a country at it's word with such threats we will not hesitate and everyone knows this. "FEAR CAUSES HESITATION BUT HESITATION WILL CAUSE YOUR WORST FEARS TO COME TRUE"!!

F%$# the BS, lets just get it done!

just load them up with bombs and get to it.   it's going to happen eventually... might as well go now!

Go ahead DONUT BOY keep rattling this DOGS CAGE !!!

Ok DONUT BOY ... What r u gonna do when we COME FOR YOU !!!! Well put a BOOT IN UR #$%$ CAUSE ITS THE US WAY!!!

Now this seems more important than people complaining that they cant get a tour of the white house.

north korea #$%$ are afraid of us, there all talks!!!!

No threat to 1srae1 = No U.S. military action in Korea.your an idiot if you don't think the government is controlling our media, they don't show us and action or death of war, makes you thik it aint so bad right, 3 main news channels each showing the same news stories every night, don't seem odd, you can say what you want about the little turd, but your govt is contriolling what you think esp. about said matter

Not only can they be used for nuke stikes but the B-52 has a proven history of Carpet Bombing Take that NK

Against N. Korea, nuclear is not necessary; he and his fatherss...has been done like this all the time when his people are starve to death. Either send them poops or rats, they will eat them both ways.

Crime control, population control, welfare control, stimulate economy, lots of college kids with no jobs make great officers. WW3 is coming and the draft will be a reality soon enough.

As long as there is a Democrat in the White Huose, North Korea can sleep easily at night.

north korea will not stand idle having b52s flying over the peninsula.

I can't help but notice that this saber-rattling only makes North Korea want nukes even more badly. We're just making it easier for them to more fully commit to nuclear weapons development.

Iran should deploy over to NK their new and latest "Stealth jet" to match up with our B-52.

Are they threatening to sell them old war planes?

Let's get that war machine rolling!The Time has come to bring back the draft - Special training for all the hanging pants youth only to get freedom training for their country -learn how to -adjust your pantspull em Up - get ready to Ship out -- first 20 days will be training in fast running with M16Weapons through the grass - Aint no use in going home because - Jody has got you girl   and gone

WHY ARE WE BEING LIED TO?I remember the ICBM thing last year and we were told, by our own goverment that those were dummy missells. They said those things wont fly. Now they are back-tracking?Funny, I read that right here on Yahoo's page last year.

If Iran were flying nuclear bombers over Washington how would you feel ?America at it again..

The longer Obama is president, the more he acts like the real thing, better than Bush, Clinton, or Carter.

The U.S. Needs to stop taking other country's resources and robbing the taxpayer!!

If we wipe-out america from this earth, and what it does to other countries, an everlasting peace and an end to terriorism shall come to this world!  It is because of america that we have all these wars around the world!

Come on you guys please quit playing "Who's got the bigger #$%$" and go back inside your houses.

Every day proves once more that McArthur was right. If we'd had GW Bush in the White House, instead of the liberal Truman, there would be just one, prosperous, Korea.

LET US REJOICE! The US military is the biggest JOKE in the history of the world! Trained murders and rapers are considered heros by mindless rubes!!!! You will all burn in the darkest depths of hell for your crimes along with the murders, rapists (that aren't religious figures), homosexuals, and minority bums!!! There is still hope for people who shun this behavior. By going to church and donating to that church (or religious minister), God will welcome your generous souls to heaven and live in peace for the rest of your days. And if you are some liberal homosexual who actually does support our troops, then you can lick my white Christain nuts!! God bless, my children.

north korea should scare the crao out of us they could be the spark needed for another global war , an if we or a coalition force should start to stomp them out of existence china may an probably will get involved .