It's because they did nothing and just bad mouthed the US. Kind of scary that they will have elections there now tho. Can you say Talibanistan?

Raja pervez ashraf has millions of american dollars stashed away for himself, he,ll probaly come to the united states to live

How many members of the Pakistani parliament, did we turn into multimillionaires with the billions in aid we have given to their country?

Pakistan needs to be congratulated for this monumental achievement.  I hope India and Pakistan will find a way to help each other through trade, sports and entertainment.

is it even a history event if somebody gets elected? Its history if the whole country corruption is eliminated.

I'm cancelling my vacation to Pakistan...right now

What a joke....They stayed in power and lived to tell about it because of the USAs' money

The real headline should say that the Pakistan army let the civilian govt. stay on for five years. For any one with even minimal knowledge of the region, should know that the army there reigns supreme. The western countries are threatening to cut off aid if civilians are not in charge of the govt.and to keep the money flowing, the army will play along, it is all a charade!

"leaving a legacy of Taliban violence, sectarian unrest, chronic power cuts and a fragile economy."...He wasn't that much of a president then...leaving all this mess...

$$$$$BILLIONS in aid from us to both Civilian and Military in Pakistan and there is still massive unemployment there, over 30% of the population live in poverty, neither the government nor the military have done anything to stop the religious violence nor have they made any serious effort to root out the Taliban and Al Quaida in the Tribal Area of Waziristan!  They still hate us, lie to us, aid our enemies, yet we keep sending more "aid"???  NOW that's the definition of STUPID!!Goat bones and stink pits for all! Hoo-ra hoo-raa.....now where's my boy?

i think this Country of savages has family members throwing acid on young girls who wish to study or advance themselves. nothing to be proud of Rusty

This cat looks like Najibullah the Communist dictator of Afghanistan before the Afghans hanged him.

So typical of West! Portray any person they don’t like in bad light. If the supreme court hadn’t been here, this corrupted government would have really leached off this country. What the supreme court did was right. Zardari is a money-thirsty guy who looted from Pakistan more than any other person in the history of the world. Ha! Completed five years. It should be glad our judiciary is so strong now and not siding with the government. And having generals like Pervaiz Kiyani who didn’t lead a coup. If some other general had been here, zardari would have been out of the picture so soon. And although I hate army dictatorship more than anything, it would have been better than this corrupted zardari.And giving billions of ‘aid’. Ha! More like bribe money. Foreign interference has destroyed Pakistan, especially this extremely nosy US govt, more than these ‘Islamist’ militants. Ironic isn’t it! These Taliban were celebrated and much praised war heroes in US when they were fighting against Soviet back in the 80s and late 70s, in Afghanistan. What with this change of heart so recently?

If they did not have Nukes we would have invaded them after Afghanistan instead of Iraq.

What a radical place if this is their first time ever thata goverment made it thru 5 years

I would trust a #$%$ about as far as I could #$%$ forwards

Pakistan has a long and proud tradition. Unfortunately, outside elements like China try to turn countries like Pakistan into dictatorships where their type of corruption friendly business tactics are welcome. China is a terrible country.

When they first started biting the hand that was feeding was the time to get out of there....hind sight they say has 20/20 vision; but having no foresight is complete blindness.

I bet every single american is super impressed by this horse sheeeeeet!Thats great news...now lets get the hell out of there right now so they can start killing each other and wipe themselves off the face of the earth....

Thats great news...now lets get the hell out of there...now!!!!!!

The Koran is a pathetic immoral old book, with a load of inconsistencies and wickedness.muslims, leaving dead bodies wherever they go ! islam is a blasphemy against humanity - Paradise is a world without muslims

Why are we giving any money to Pakistan? I know the money we give them is not even 1% of our national debt. But that is not the point. The point is Pakistan is a rat hole and doesn't deserve 10 cents from us.

Pakistam is Terrorist country. They are supporting terrorist  to win election. The terrorist who attacked Tajmahal and killed so many Innocent.Pakistani Govt. support that terrorist.  Pakistani living in fear. American Pakistani should not go to Pakistan otherwise they could be the target.

The Most Corrupt and inefficient in the Corrupt and inefficient history of this once a great country,,

Pakistan might as well be ruled by a military dictatorship rather than a democracy - Though both Musharraf's military dictatorship and Pakistan's democracy both have links to the Taliban, Musharraf didn't at least didn't yield any ground to the Taliban. Pakistan's worthless democracy has.

What an utterly pathetic stinky stanky cesspool of corrupt liars rapists thieves and murderers...Pakistan like preety much all of the muslim countries should be wiped off the face of the earth!

I'm going to Kashmir, I'll visit both the Indian and the Pakistani sides!Hope to find peaceful places!Comments?

Why take a job that you are lucky to survive 5 yrs. and I do mean survive? Is this a good record to be holding? I would have quit a week early and left for the USA.Pakistan government 's completing its term is commendable. But the government failed in controlling the breeding of terrorism. The government has no control over tribal areas.  Moreover the ISI of Pakistan has been supporting,helping and supporting terrorists against India.

Pakistan was NEVER an american Ally we should throw our support behind india. There goverment is more friendly to us then then Pakistan,Now Im NOT saying we give them money.

His wife is a beautiful woman. I hear that they get offended if you notice that- So I will go on to say that she is smokin Hot and deserves my face as a chair.

hey Gop why dont you pack up your circus and try getting elected in Pakistan they REALLY NEED YOUR HELP!!!! best part is if Pakistan acepts gops help with in a few years they will not be a problem for anybody lol

Wow!!! Look at those teeth, that girl better run before she gets bit.

"For the first time in the history of this country, an elected government has completed it's tenure in office..."  Unbelievable, progress is slow in Pakistan and relatively moderate leaders like Benazir Bhutto are assassinated summarily.

Look what they have made Pakistan in 5 years,"The most corrupted and the most dangerous country in the world" wow they should be very proud right, shame on the elected politicians and the govt officials,they should be hanged  for corruption,lawlessness and failure to provide protection to its citizens.all of them should be prosecuted after their term completion,and I am sure they will all fled the country with millions of dollars.

No elections yet.  Not until Bilawal Zardari becomes eligible to run for office.

If you ever meet and know #$%$staini's you realize that you are talking to a weak minded child. America trying to push a fake democracy on these people is a waste of time due to the fact most are a bunch of uneducated muts and their true will is radical islam and they have nuclear weapons. The military rule is the only way to go for this country even though they cannot be fully trusted as bin-laden was hanging out for years in what they would call an well-off nieghborhood playing with himself and watching porno's. Life as cia asset is good until they do not need you anymore. The seals could have easily taken him out alive and gleaned so much information out of him as he would have so much intel to help us on our so called war on terror my guess is we and #$%$ intel did not really want that because the whole scheme would have been opened up. The story of him using one of his wives as cover during shootout is bs propaganda and it is not funny how many of our navy seals are dying in very suspicious circumstances since this happened

If lying, stealing and corruption is a form of government. I am happy for them. They are no ally but the enemy of the American people. We should bring our troops home and let them kill themselves the whole dam nation is not worth one more life of our troops. They don't have sewers but instead build nuclear weapons to defend what. An open cesspoole. I feel bad for the kids and the woman who have to put up with these ignorant S**theads who use a religion to act as #$%$. Nothing ever good will come out of that place.Stop all this aid of billion's and billions of dollars  to all this people who just want to kill us ...... " NO MORE AID " ........

Pakis hate each other........You will see Pakis in their best behavior when they are around white man/woman.....

Yes follow Dante's advice, instead of Pakistan, head over to India and get gang raped which seems to be becoming a very common Indian hobby!!!

Pork _is you Remember Aafia Siddiqui  ....in jail  !!!Imagine if a terrorist is the "daughter of pakistan" ... .wonder what pranks the son's will be up to !!! :-)PUCK Fakistan and your terrorist ways !!!

Good job Zardari ! You made both a history and money.

STOP reporting these stories!! damn the bleeding hearts of America should pay more attention to home! I for one really don't give a #$%$ if they all kill each other off we have lost way to much to that barbaric country!

DOGG pakistani politicians... corrupt as hell

Time US put their soldiers in harms way. Pak spent twice of what they received in aid. Lost so many soldiers for America's cause. Without Pakistan , US would not be a sole superpower

In the great words of Mr Bush,"fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me — you can't get fooled again."

We must stop feeding the enemy, these devils are hell bent on our destruction, andyet our Gov't.still sends them tax dollars.When will we ever learn?once thought Pakistan was as awful as it could get but now I realize India is even worse allowing men to gang rape woman on a bus and than throw her body out while it was still moving. Of the 39 passengers on board no one even tried to stop and the driver they said was laughing. At least Pakistan was against the soviets and supported us against communism although they seem castrated when dealing with the Taliban. I think the two nations should go to war and in this case, I think the rest of the planet will win. At least with Pakistan we don't have to worry about our jobs being outsourced their or man going free for gang rapes, or any support for the communist on the other hand with India theirs no Taliban. Pakistan has a civil war and ignorant tribal feuds whats India's excuse for not allowing woman human rights their claim to being the worlds largest democracy, having economic freedom, the largest IT industry, over a billion consumers, a civilized society well we now know better for way to long we in the west have been duped by your phallaices we now know the truth at least we know wear we stand with Pakistan but with India and China their still is a lot that they hide from us like the truth about their true agendas, and their records on human rights

"Western allies have poured billions of dollars in aid into Pakistan, worried that growing public anger over corruption, poverty and energy shortages, may boost recruitment to Islamist militant groups threatening to destabilize Pakistan and beyond."????????? What is US worried about? which Muslim nation has ever attacked USA while USA has attacked Iraq, Afghanistan openly and Libya, Mali, Palestine,Yemen etc. covertly. If anyone else next says Al Qaeda brought down WTC I will just throw up!!!! give a break!!!!

Good for Pakistan...this is a good thing for regional stability.

Meanwhile everyone else there is living like bible day knuckle draggers ...only achievement was him getting slobbed before walking outside for this picture.

she looks likes she gangbangs and he is a cuckold that likes Christians to take their turn on his wife.

why this kolavari kolavari D

Pakistan and India are two very dangerous countries!Stay away!Comments?

Hmm G I wonder who is killing shi'a Muslims in Pakistan ever since USA condemned Pakistan over gas pipeline deal with iran?Hmmm.

"The military, which has ruled Pakistan for more than half its 66-year history"...that explains its current state.

That women looks paranoidWe should drop nuclear bombs on Pakistan and all other Islamic nations.  BUT WE MUST SPARE THE FETUSES!  God bless!

thanks God people of Pakistan are free from idiots.

I think USA should just take over this country like they did Iraq.

all Pakistani leaders,politicians  are corrupt .shame on these politicians ,over past 5 years make pakistan  more poverty,corruptions,no law and order.

elected govt in"the country with Turbulent history'' during the rule of this govt more than 1500 innocent Hazara people been killed by sunni terrorists in quetta balochistan. sick govt sluggish system and governance. dirty politicians screw the country and run away with millions of dollars.

The American people should eliminate every political position. They don't work for us!

Again, WHY is American government giving taxpayers money to the country that harbored Bin Laden??????? A country that punished the person that told where he was.

they are grrrrrrrrrreeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttt   loooooooooters.

Pakistan shithole country in the world.  These government officials are only good at doing graft and corruption. They have no regard in educating their poor and illiterates.

Let us hope the corrupt Zerdaree group is gone for ever. People have suffered immensely in all walks of life. Simply bunch of robbers who have emptied Pakistan's wealth. People are just miserable. let us hope some honest and young faces win and move the Country forward.