I knew there was no privacy once you're connected to the Internet, but I didn't realize the police could just ask for your email and would be given everything you've ever written without a judge even approving it.

Violating the rights of citizens NEVER makes sense.

Anyone notice when the government comes looking to chip away at our rights they commonly use the "it protects the children" rhetoric? Personally I didn't see anything in our Constitution expressing its ok to legislate end runs around our rights if it concerned "protecting" children.;

Rest easy knowing that the Injustice Department will right in many new and easier loopholes for them to use for their agenda driven causes. I am not paranoid, just going by their past history of twisting words and laws to their purpose.

"..The law allows federal authorities to obtain a subpoena approved by a federal prosecutor — not a judge — to access electronic messages.."? A prosecutor.....not a judge? And liberals prefer the 'government' over liberty. LMAO

doesn't matter, because law enforcement just loves to break the laws because they know most of the time that they will have the "laws" covering them up

The two enemies of the people are criminals and government, so let us tie the second down with the chains of the Constitution so the second will not become the legalized version of the first. - Thomas Jefferson

They dont need it anymore...thats why they have Drones flying over your head!

I don't support the government's use of the excuse "it's for the children" as a shield for unpopular actions against its citizenry.

Be very wary of big brother watching....Do not trust anyone from the government. They aren't there to protect us but to serve themselves and their masters. Nothing more than a bunch of thugs. Thanks to Holder and his master Obama.

The government doesn't have the write to open your mail, no matter how old it is.

a victory for the 4th ammendment

police, 50% of them are on the take anyway

two wins today 4 amendment and 2 amendment all in one day. wonder what they have up their sleeves

ehh they will still do it pandoras out and she aint goin back in. . .badges ... we dont need no stinkin badges!

The savvy criminals will use encryption anyways

Guess i'll get back to good ol' FAXING!!!..... FV .K THE DOJ