The only thing our government has gotten really good at in the last 15 years is making bad decisions.

The Vietnam war was a lie; supporting the Contras in Nicaragua was a mistake; mucking up the democratically elected Iranian government was a plunder of the first order; invading Iraq was a major blunder, and invading either Syria or Iran will be our next blunder.  The only reason invading Kuwait was OK was because of our oil and banking ties, but the only reason that was a problem was because we supported Saddam anyway!  Are we EVER going to do something right and just mind our own business?!

NBC In the media Nation Brocasting Company. In the Military Nucelar Biological CHEMICAL. It is so funny that no one including the author remembers WE DID FIND MUSTARD GAS, SARIN GAS, AND CYANIADE GAS IN BUNKERS OF STOCKPILED ARTILLERY ROUNDS!! (The author: "Tee Hee. I am so sorry. I forgot to mention that. Whoops!!")

...all the hindsight Generals here.  Where were all you fools with your infinite wisdom, when you were really needed ???

The media propagated this war like there was no tomorrow.

The Military Industrial Media Complex will run this country further into the ground with the help of the Supreme Court and the Rich and powerful corporations ruining the finances of cities, states and the entire country for the benefit of the rich and connected. The British were fought and defeated in colonial america for basically the same type of abuse of the country.

"One way or the other, we are determined to deny Iraq the capacity to develop weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them. That is our bottom line."- President Clinton, Feb. 4, 1998"If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program."- President Bill Clinton, Feb. 17, 1998"We must stop Saddam from ever again jeopardizing the stability and security of his neighbors with weapons of mass destruction."- Madeline Albright, Feb 1, 1998"He will use those weapons of mass destruction again, as he has ten times since 1983."- Sandy Berger, Clinton National Security Adviser, Feb, 18, 1998"[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with the U.S. Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, if appropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respond effectively to the threat posed by Iraq's refusal to end its weapons of mass destruction programs."Letter to President Clinton.

Just don't forget how proud Hilary was that we went...her words.

Frankly, glad Saddam and sons are dead.  But, it is important to face that the Iraq war was a war of vengeance.  How come in all the analysis that his sons are not discussed?  His sons were horrid people; perhaps even worse than their father.  Anyone see videos of them killing humans or having them killed for sport?  His sons would have eventually replaced Saddam, had he lived and remained in power.

What BS, C-span covered house hearings on the army's collection and destruction of over 1,000 nerve gas shells. which was mentioned a few months ago when talking about Assad's source of nerve gas. I also recall that Hussein was playing cat and mouse with the inspectors for TWELVE years; not being allowed to inspect areas for 1 to 3 days after they picked the spot they wanted to check.All politicians from the USA were talking about sadam and hiw WMD from years back before bush including clinton.  Even in 2002 many dems were saying the exact same thing as what bush said.  So who do you trust if both sides advocated the same story of WMD?

I agree with the premise that we should not have invaded Iraq.  But, based on personal experience and observation, I must dispute some allegations here.  I spent more than 18 months as a private contractor at FOB Cook.  I was assigned to two areas north of the camp....Tarmiyah and Mishahidah.  I saw the abandoned construcion project meant to house the nuclear centrifuges for Hussein's nuclear program.  I also interviewed several of his engineers and techs who worked on the project.  It was common knowledge what was going on there.  But simple mass bombing would have been sufficient to end the program.  No need to invade.I do not disagree with your conclusions, however, I do dispute at least this fact.  There is not one person or thing in that entire nation worth the life of one American.  Mass strategic bombing would have been well sufficient.

The Iraq war is proven to be a waste by the success of the world's policy against Iran? Iran that may have a bomb by Labor day? In Manhattan by Christmas?

The press still doesn't want to report on what we do know happened to these programs, the general who was in charge of over seeing these programs told us they sent them to Syria 6 weeks prior to the invasion, artillery commanders told us they had destroyed chemical warheads that were issued to their units with thermite so they and their men would not be brought up on war crimes, kind of hard to find anything when it's not in country or the troops are destroying it.

A good proportion of US citizens are prepared to be fooled again when we make up a reason to invade (Iran; Syria; Egypt - pick one).

Since about 1950 on our presidents have made all sorts of bad decisions. We need to replace just about every career politician in Washington that we can. I don't care which party that they belong to or represent. Pelosi, Boxer and Feinstein all need to be retired to a nursing home that has rocking chairs on a sunny porch. All 3 of those old biddies have been in Washington waaaaayyyy too long. Boehner announcing that he trusts Obama, a known corrupt Daley Chicago Democrat from their political machine who had his entire future laid out in the living room of the 1970s terrorist named Bill Ayers, should also be replaced along with Obama too. The sooner we get rid of all that Washington vermin the better off we all will be.

Question Professor #$%$? Why would Saddam be working on those extended range Al Saud II missiles we found? Working on something to put in them perhaps? Its funny,, everyone is worried about Syrias Chemical weapons now,,, didn't get there on those trucks leaving Iraq did they? How about those Buried MIGS? (soldiers found them,, they werent divulged) Tell us "Professor" how many munitions facilities were there? how many thousands of tons?IDIOT.

And Afghanistan is even more screwed up!!

We must forget about politics, liberal or conservative, and stop the military industrial complex next time it tries to sell wars.  Our great-grandchildren will be paying the bill for our folly a hundred years from now.  Our economy is staggering with borrowed money from our wars, while the arms dealers just bought a new Benz with our great-grandchildren's money.

Let's just not be chumped into another sucker war.  The next time the arms merchants are trying to sell us another war, like they are with N. Korea and Iran, we should remember this day and say, "Not no but hell no!" and take it to the streets if we have to.  What do we have to show for Iraq?  4,000 dead and economic collapse from all the borrowed money.  The victors were the arms dealers, the contractors, and the Chinese, who were happy to lend us the money.  We were led down the garden path and we bought it.Why didn't you Democrats end these wars in 2009? You had full Government control.

Okay, North Korea actually does have WMDs - and real ones, too!

Nice article - guess he missed a few press briefings.Doubters should Google "Operation Hotel California."

Does this mean we have to wait 10 years until the media starts asking the hard questions on Benghazi?

Hindsight is 20/20.

Saddam was bad, sure; he killed his teacher at age 11, he tried to kill a former leader, he learned that the USA was not going to push the Persian Gulf Iraq invasion; so he put down the rebellion with chemical weapons and fear. However, it was arguably more criminal; what Cheney and friends did; gouge tax payers, ban all oversight on expenditures, lie about WMD, etc. A total failure. Vietnam part 2.

Funny thing about it is the reason France didnt want to go in was they were selling T-72 tank upgrades in violation of the UN sanctions. Oh and the fact all of the WMD's we did find were made in the USA and France. But hey we never found anything. Oh wait we did and covered it up and the media ate it up to make Bush look like an idiot.

Bush, Cheney, and their gang of misfits should be in jail for what they did to this country and all the Americans they got killed in Iraq, with their lies!

If Saddam HAD sustained WMDs, we would be in a world of trouble. Much like we are now with North Korea. However, since Iraq was over 10 years ago (and a bad idea, no doubt), how about we focus on Obama trying to get the Muslim Brotherhood to rule the Middle East?

Cost benefit analysis.Benefit: Saddam is deadCost: International black eye; thousands of dead US soldiers, Hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis, an open door for Iran to stick their foot in, trillions of dollars.I know hindsight is 20/20, but I was against the war in 2003 when everyone watching Fox News thought Saddam actually did 9-11. So.... yeah.Dan..if Saddam had done ANY of those things, the invasion wouldn't have happened...but, he ignored all UN demands to prove he had destroyed his WMD....under the sanctions, Saddam was mandated to show when, where and how he had destroyed his WMD.....he refused and he's dead....and I say Thanks, God!

So let's look back over history. Saddam was placed in power during the Iran / Iraq war by the U.S government so as to depose the authority of Ayatollah. Shortly after a peace agreement between Iran and Iraq he turned his focus on the Kurds to the north. He used Chemical and biological weapons and wiped out entire villages. There is film and photographic footage of these events. The he went a step further in his insanity and decided to invade Kuwait. He himself openly admitted to having chemical and biological weapons and at that time France, Germany, Russia and the U.S all admitted to having supplied such weapons to the leader. Then in 1998 under the administration of Bill Clinton Sandy Berger , Clinton's security Adviser, openly said that Saddam had the weapons , had used the weapons before and would use them again. So my question is if he had them and it is well documented that he had them why are we still debating the issue. I guarantee those weapons were shipped into various countries like Syria, Pakistan, Jordan and possibly even into Iraq.

20\20 is hidesite , this writter and other media anti war outlets just wants to keep blameing republicians for a bad decision. so what ! what about the dicision to give american dollars to the muslim brotherhoods of the world? what about cutting social sucurity at a time when it it going broke. and borrowing 15 trillion dollars to cover welfare in the united states , lieing to the american people about how he really felt about gun control? how about the media lieing about obamas qualiifications to run a goverment or balance a budget?

Iraq had used chemical and nerve gas on the Kurds.  1. By definition they had weapons of mass destruction and used them. 2. The war on Iraq was declared with full support of Democrats, Republicans, the UN, European Countries and others. 3. Stop calling this Bush's war. 4. Had the world seen what was going on in Iraq before the war, how its people were tortured and murdered, how it was sponsoring terrorism around the world - then people would have a different view.  In fact, I am convinced that if Bush did not lead the US in a legitimate war against Iraq, then the Democrats would argue that he didn't care about other people who were not 'Western.'

That didn’t trouble the US much in those days,, In 1978 the US sold them tons of sarin gas. we were friends back then but later Saddam would not hook up to the oil pipe line that Rice was trying to get for the oil company she worked for at the time

this is what the Senate intel commitee said about the paper that Cheneys liason to the pentagon gave to congress on WMD, and the conclusion was, THEY OUTRIGHT LIED"The Committee found that the white paper presented a significantly stronger characterization of the threat represented by Iraqi WMD than did the NIE, and that that stronger characterization was not supported by the underlying intelligence.in other words, Cheney, lied to Bush, to Congress and to the American people

Every body though it was a good idear at the time.Mr Murphy is full of hinself.

The truth is there was no WMD. None! The war was and is a mistake.

Not only was invading Iraq a bad idea, but the decisions that followed after Saddam was captured did not help the situation anymore. There was never a clear cut goal of what to do with the country after was he was ousted. This, in turn, led to a string of bad decisions that essentially crumbled Iraq. Spreading Democracy is a great idea, but only if the country wants it and is executed with clear goals and objectives.Ive said it once and im going to say it again... Even though Saddam was an "evil" dictator, he did know how to run Iraq and that was with an "Iron Fist". Before Saddam was dismantled, Iraq and Iran were enemies... Now they are allies. Before the Iraq invasion, Al Qaeda was basically non existent.... Now they have a major influence of daily life in Iraq.

Spilled milk.Hindsight means nothing. Even Sadam lied about things. Peace

DEMS voted for war and had the exact same intelligence reports as the republicans......so if you want to 'blame' someone then they get equal blame......tired of you weasel liberals refusing to see the truth.....GW had the same opinion as you democraps

WHAT SAY YOU LIBS?

Is this 2001 or have WE MOVED PAST THIS

10 years later..........

We DO have have a half a billion dollar embassy built with tax payers money subcontracted out to Kuwait. If I ever go there I want to swim in the Olympic size swimming pool that is there.

We can thank Bush for the lose of life and treasury that the Iraq war brought our country.  Not to mention the 100,000 Iraqi deaths.  Bush and Cheney are criminals.

Well Bush did have Weapons of Mass Lies!

Whether or not the decision was a good one is best left up to the people in charge.  They tend to get better information.Something tells me that this 'reporter' was not in the loop on everything the President and the Pentagon had.

Iraq did have WMD's and that is a fact you brainwashed liberals......they shipped them to Syria before the war started.......OH...guess MSNBC didn't mention that ....if you paid attention to the reports in the beginning of the war you would know thatbush should be tried for war crimes against the US and it's military..

The United States repelled Iraq and pushed them into retreat after they invaded, sacked and raped Kuwait.  We did so at the request of the Saudi government because Hussein probably intended to control the Saudi peninsula and 40% of the world's oil.  The Iraqi army was decimated and Hussein sued for peace. He refused to abide by the terms of his peace agreement and the US was forced to re-enter the field of conflict and finish the job.  Hussein had killed more than 20,000 people with WMD and told the world he would use them again.

Nice Monday morning quarterbacking. Any intellectually honest person will look at the data available at the time and acknowledge decisions were made to invade by an overwhelming majority of both republicans, democrats and white house. Prominent democrats including Hillary Clinton, Ted Kennedy and John Kerry gave speches on the senate floor approving action.

10 years after the fact, I could also write a book telling people that it was wrong.

could you as a writer just shut the heck up with your agenda??? stop doing the rear view 20/20 hindsight moan and groan. Did not see ONE scrap of journalistic writing there mentioning the delivery's made to Libya before we invaded.  lets get ALL the facts lined up, not just your agenda's.

First of all, drums of chemical weapons were found and witnessed by many soldiers.  Second, Saddam had plenty of time to move them to Syria, and nobody doubts that Syria holds a large amount.  Nobody cares to mention we liberated Kuweit, a sovereign nation that Iraq had invaded.  Last we removed a brutal dictator guilty of countless human right's crimes.  If anyone doubts Saddam had chemical weapons, just ask the Kurds.  Make your own opinion about the legitimacy of invading Iraq but be informed when you make that opinion.

"a few airplanes with boxcutters into and fly them into buildings in the US"  Kind of minimizing 9-11...  and the mindset of most US citizens at that time.. We were, are, very angry, to say the least.

I'm always interested in the views of a left-wing, partisan rag like the CSM.

Liberals want it both ways....they voted for it and now they want to act like they were deceived because things didn't work out quite the way they wanted....well...TOO BAD...that was one of the FEW times that you could actually get the Demorats to take a risk and vote for something

One simple truth is that Saddam DID have such weapons, and he also USED them on his own people.Now if "WMD's" ONLY means Nuclear, then the writer has a point.But the term does not, it refers to gas, poisens, etc.Men like Saddam need to be stopped, some of the acts done by his children alone were enough to take that regime down.  Kidnapping a BRIDE from her wedding?  Raping her, killing her and casting her aside?Yea, I say nuke the damn place.Bush, Rice and powell were the three dirt bag who want and started the war in Iraq. These misfits known as dogs will not enjoy life's happiness they are cursed byGod, time will tell.

WE WERE CONNED INTO BLOWING OUT OUR TREASURY by the very people who claimed to be protecting us.  It's like our politicians were paying back all those donations via our tax money.

The U.S. has been for the past bunch of years trying to topple these dictators....I do believe history will show us that the world would be a lot safer with them still in power...... We keep kicking the hornets nest.......

What people fail to understand is that Iraq was a test of the UN.  Clearly they proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that the UN would not support a war against terror.As to the continuation of Iraq I (remember Saddam never met his surrender agreement thanx to the bribability of the UN) it is debatable only to the extend where those over 1,000 people who financed their own way to get to Iraq and blow themselves up to kill Americans and Muslims would have blown themselves up instead.  My guess it would mostly have been in Europe but you see what a little explosion in Cyprus can do, at least to financial markets.All you anti-war advocates need to first explain to yourselves how you would have stopped people from killing themselves in suicide attacks.  They were going to come, W just provided them a convient place to blow themselves up.  Thank god for that.As to our brave soliders who died, well over 1,000 are on Iran's account for funneling advanced anti-tank mines into the conflict.  The rest died dueing their duty, which was defending their country on the field of battle.  All honor and credit goes to them.  Of course not the 3 who are counted who died in a love triangle suicide shooting in Dubai, but let's not get to technical about how the lamestream media counts our fallen.

George W. Bush and Company should be tried for TREASON! PERIOD!!!!!!!!

We knew about the chemical weapons Saddam had in the 80's, because WE SOLD THEM TO HIM. We knew exactly what he had and what he didn't have, and this is the very reason why the UN inspectors were pulled out - they were doing too good of a job showing that there was absolutely no imminent threat to the US.

boy are you guys idiots, Kansas Republican Senator Roberts intel committe determined that Cheneys pentagon liason, Doug Feith FORGED the intel on WMDs that was given to Congressdid you miss that one? well its public record

An interesting article, but is is filled with incorrect assumptions.  Saadam did have mobile chemical weapons labs.  They were found and were discovered to be sterilized.  A cache of 3000 tons of yellow cake were found hidden in the desert by our troops.  It was kept secret and the government of Irag was allowed to sell it to Canada.  If you remember Valerie Plame who claimed to be outed over this fiasco.  She wasn't since she worked for the CIA, but was not a agent.  What bothers me is that the three semi autonomous regions inhabited by the Kurds are under major pressure from the Iraqi government now and they are being armed by the US.  The Kurds love us, the Iraqis don't.  We need to protect  our real allies in the Middle east and drop the rest.  Also this writer is obviously so left wing that he keeps up the same old BS and pretends it is history.

Liberals grabbing at straws to draw attention away from obama's failures and scams.  Iraq is a sovereign nation now with a govt that is friendly to its neighbors.  Time to give it a rest you pathetic loons.

Saddam had WMD's and used them many times on Kurds and Iranians.  It's history folks, not rocket science.  Read for yourself rather than taking the word of some #$%$ reporter from CSM.Jake Tapper,Charles Krauthammer,Larry King and all the JEWS in the news media wanted WAR,They were so sure that Iraq had WMD's that they could smell them.If you are intrested in finding the people that were the Architects of Iraq war,just Google it.you will see names like, Wolfowitz,Douglas Feith,Elliot Abrams,Ledeen,Scooter Libby,Alan Dershowitz,Kissinger,Richard Perle,Bryen,Dove Zakheim and of'course your Congressmen who are Dual Citizens of Israel(Dem &amp; Rep) Both.these people are still around getting you ready for Yet another WAR in IRAN.If you have to ask,"how many Jews/Israeli died in the Iraq war? ZERO,ZERO!

Chenney, Rumsfeld, Bush, and Haliburton had the last laugh. Just look at their bank accounts

I heard from a friend who was there, who know another friend that lived in iraq, that had another that had a cousin who know this guy that said Saddam had thousands of workers dig massive tunnels then he flood the tunnels and had ships transport the WMDs. And to this day we cannot find those massive underground tunnels or the thousands of workers that helped make the tunnels.

Wave the American flag and a lot of dopes follow it, they might as well have been waving the flag of Exxon. Don't fight for multinational corporations and Exxon.

To bad people can't live their lives with hindsight. What a lousy article / "reporter".....

"He will use those weapons of mass destruction again, as he has tentimes since 1983."Sandy Berger, Clinton National Security Adviser, Feb, 18, 1998

The only failure was staying to prop the country up agan. We should have smashed their toys and reminded them we could always be back with 36 hours! Same with Afghanistan.

Had to get revenge for the swipe take by Saddam at Daddy Bush!!

I like that picture of Rumsfeld shaking Saddams hand and selling him weapons.

When we started killing Iraqies with our bombs 10 years ago, 42% of Americans thought Saddam Hussein was directly responsible for 911!!!  55% thought he was supporting Al Qaeda!!!  All of it utter BS!  This shows several things:  1. Americans are not too bright, 2. they are easily manipulated by the corporate media, 3. They are often mindlessly and lethally vindictive.  4.  They are very isolated in their sources of information.  The result?  2 TRILLION $$$$ down the toilet, over 4,000 US dead and over 1 MILLION Iraqi deaths from violence and related stresses, lack of health care and dislocation.  MISSION ACCOMPLISHED, USA!!!!Dan "the Hack" Murphy starts his diatribe out with the acknowlegement that he was "Skeptical of the wisdom of the war before the invasion".  Then he goes about searching out reasons to justify his skepticism.  This is not journalism.  Its propogandizing plain and simple.  Murphy, you are a hack.

IF I EVER visit Iraq I want to go swimming in the Olympic size pool at the EMBASSY that cost American tax payers over half a billion dollars. That we sub contracted out to Kuwait. LMAOOOOOOOOO Oh how Bush, Chenney, and Rumsfeld destroyed this country doing business the "Good ol Boys way" can I get a heeeeeeeeeee hawwwwww!!

Most everyone knew this was a stupid excuse for a war.  If Japan bombed Pearl Harbor the U.S. should not attack China in retaliation.  Al Queda bombed the World Trade Center and the U.S responded by attacking Iraq.  War hawks used the mantra  that all towel heads are the same.

Israel needed US and allies to finish off Iraq before moving into Afghanistan - to become Europe's #1 exporter of heroin.The Taliban banned production of opium. As soon as we invaded that was the first thing that started - Opium production and soldiers to guard them.

That was one risk that was worth taking.  I am tired of everyone blaming Bush as Iraq had invaded a sovereign nation, raping and killing and stealing.  So yea, we needed to take him out of power.

None....you are a typical brainwashed liberal....quit wtaching MSNBC and Ed Shultz and all the other radical leftists.....THEY ALL HAD THE SAME INTELLIGENCE REPORTS.....FACT

dEMOCRATS DON'T WANT TO READ YOUR POSTS.BARTLEDOO...LOL..

Sounds like an Obama hack to me.

Why haven't this war been brought to trial????Arrest=bush/cheney

How about you family members of over 5000 who ( died )they died in vain....GET CHENEY BEFORE HE DIES.

WHAT ! NO GOP IDIOTS HERE, BACKING BUSH/CHENEY LIES .........WHY AREN'T THEY IN JAIL????

Why aren't these people arrested????? Are they above the law?

QUESTION-Why did Bush, Chenney, and Rumsfeld cross the road?Answer-To collect thier "Kickbacks" from Haliburton.

The Gulf war is the best testimonial for brainwashed Republicans running with a story and believing whatever their "leaders" invent. It is truely the weakness of the GOP.

If saddam didn't have at least chemical WMD's then how do you explain the tens of thosuands of kurd men, women, and kids that he gassed? Hence, Chemical Ali? We had a lot more reason to go to Iraq under Bush than Clinton did to bomb Serbia or Somolia.

"Hussein has ... chosen to spend his money on building weapons of massdestruction and palaces for his cronies."Madeline Albright, Clinton Secretary of State, Nov. 10, 1999.

"We know that he has stored secret supplies of biological and chemicalweapons throughout his country."Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002."Iraq's search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible todeter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddamis in power."Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002.

"Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of massdestruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region andhe has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process."Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D, CA), Dec. 16, 1998.

"[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with theU.S. Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, ifappropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respondeffectively to the threat posed by Iraq's refusal to end its weapons ofmass destruction programs."Letter to President Clinton, signed by Sens. Carl Levin, TomDaschle, John Kerry, and others Oct. 9, 1998.A bad move USA. Shame on you.

The republican message can never face it broke the world. If there was evil in the world? It resided in the Oval Office from 2000 to 2007. Only a fool would fabricate phony evidence to destroy a fake enemy. Is Iran better or nicer than Sadam? We have the most technology of any nation in the world. So this was no mistake!

We invaded because we were looking for Osama Bin Laden, who perpetrated the 9/11 attacks....HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA!  I crack myself up sometimes........

This same group that lied and got us into the war with Iraq is now lying and trying to get us into war with Iran.

i do have alots of WMD in my bathroom, especially when i eat papaya and hot peppers, oop, i think cia and fbi r coming 4 me now they know.

Most likely, over 1,000,000 Iraqis lost their lives.US death toll nearly 10,000US casualties (injured, scarred for life) amount to over 100,000US spent $2,200,000,000,000No links to Al'Qaeda or 9/11No WMD or Mushroom CloudsThe Military Industrial Complex made out like banditsMission Accomplished! - George W. Bushitler

why is Barack fight all these unnessasary wars?

the only war America should be fighting is the war on poverty. END WELFARE NOW!!!!

I just read a comment in the San Diego newspaper The Union Tribune by a large group ofIraqis families who have been moving to the USA for a new life and security and religious freedom from the new Islamic regime since 2003They are the Christian Chaldeans.They stated that the U.S led invasion into Iraq was the worst day of Iraq's life as millions of people moved out of Iraq.where everyone was comfortable and now they the people are on the streets looking for ways just to survive and the families that moved to the USA are starting over.Wars are started by governments not by the people, especially Christians people.

the Dems were for it before they were against it.....bunch of dumfuksI'm still waiting for some liberal to explain how Bush gave all this false info to Bill Clinton and others-in 1996.

The emphasis on the "Weapons of Mass Destruction" by the US was to get the backing of the surrounding Arab countries.  Those countries could care less about human rights, supporting terroists, and/or the other main issues.  They did care about being hit with potential weapons of mass destruction.So WoMD, one of may "reasons" floated at that time, was a play towards those counties, to either get them involved or let us use their air or gorund space.

It's sad this author doesn't note about the ICC, obviously to protect Bush Jr. from these War crimes and torture and Obama from his crimes against Humanity and Article 10 of the Declaration of Human Rights, in that everyone deserves a fair trial...and Not the execution by Drones of 4,700 innocent men, women, and children on allegations and suspicions; inside Pakistan and without a declaration of War....another illegal war.Not to mention the invasion of Afghanistan for the $trillions in minerals and the control of the poppy production for pharmaceutical companies and to control the Opium/Heroine Drug trade.   Just ask your local CIA agent....maybe not since now you know Obama and Holder have no problems murdering US citizens, and their families, inside or outside the United States on allegations and suspicions.Ref:"The International Criminal Court (commonly referred to as the ICC or ICCt) is a permanent tribunal to prosecute individuals for genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and the crime of aggression.",  "United States—have informed the UN Secretary General that they no longer intend to become states parties"

"We are in possession of what I think to be compelling evidence thatSaddam Hussein has, and has had for a number of years, a developingcapacity for the production and storage of weapons of mass destruction."[W]ithout question, we need to disarm Saddam Hussein. He is a brutal,murderous dictator, leading an oppressive regime ... He presents aparticularly grievous threat because he is so consistently prone tomiscalculation. And now he has continued deceit and his consistent graspfor weapons of mass destruction ... So the threat of Saddam Hussein withweapons of mass destruction is real ...Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Jan. 23. 2003.

QUESTION-Why did Bush, Chenney, and Rumsfeld cross the road?Answer-To collect thier "Kickbacks" from Haliburton.

to Dan Murphy  - did the U.S. supply Iraq with 10's of thousands of tons of chemical and nerve agents, including mustard gas and sarin gas to Saddam?  He only used an estimated 2% of what we gave him!

I think you have to look at who financially benefits from lies of this magnitude.  The oil and pharmaceutical cartel for starters, then look at lawyers...  We've been decieved for over 100 years.  Look to these people to pay back our economy that was lied about...

When the democratic congress voted for the war, I knew the libs would never even mention it.

daddy bush did not finish the job so son did..simple ,keep it simple.....

Hindsight  is  NOT  always  20/20.   The military thought that they lost the Vietnam War is because of the media.  So this time,  they are not going to make the same mistake.IT is called embedded journalism.  They want you to see what they want you to seeThe American people was BUSHED-WACKED!!!!!!!! LOLLLLLLLL can I get a heeeeeeeee hawwwwwww?

The ONLY reason Bush invaded Iraq, although never stated, was because Hussein put out a hit on his father.  He could hide his true intentions behind WMD, revived nuke program, etc.  I still believe it was payback for the uncovered assassination attempt that was to be carried out in Kuwait.

The Iraq war was a war devised by Chaney, Haliburton and Blackwater.   It was their false intellegence reporting the WMDs all in the name of War Profiteering....They made Billions off the war....

how much time will this author devout to pointing out that Bush has been out of office for 4 years and more Americans have died under obama's RULE than under Bush's? Wasn't obama going to end the wars? Perhaps he will after he delivers on one of his other campaign promises....

I have a question or two for you libs.  Where did the WMD's that ol' Saddam used on the Kurds go?  He use them all up on the Kurds?  You people are so gullible.  A dictator is dead and the country is better off.  But then you lib idiots worry more about the bad guys than you do the good guys dontcha?  Morons.

We'de have done better if we wiped their military capability off the map and withdrew with the promise to be back if they didn't behave.

“We don’t want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud,” then-Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice solemnly warned America."No I'm pretty sure she was only National Security adviser back them.

Ok first this war was done on two levels. One was payback for daddy Bush.. Two was oil and money. We have been sold a bill of goods and we fell for it because we cannot do anything about it. The money made by contractors and the money spent by US the taxpayers is in the billions... Contractors made billions. Taxpayers paid billions... It was all a set up...

Let's not forget who gave Saddam the chemical weapons - St. Reagan, Donne Rummy, et al.

Why no war decleared on gangs in USA ? Is it because they are US citizens and other nationals are not ? Are these gangsters a better human being than regular citizen in Iraq or Iran or Vietnam or N.  Koreans ?We watch too many movies that US always come out ahead.

It's a little late with all these reasons..... hain't it?

Let see,it was a conditional surrender after iraq was driven from kuwait. Those conditions were not lived up to.The weapons inspector stated that although there were no weapons of mass destruction the infrastructure was intact.Documents have been found that prove sadam was communicating with alqaeda400 tons of yellow cake were moved from iraq to canada after the invasion.sadam had become a master counterfeiter of US currency.sadam planned the assasination of bush seniorsadam admitted that he did everything he could to make the world believe that he had weapons of mass destruction

Who cares what Saddam did to his country! It is not our (USA) concern. We should have let the UN handle the situation just like they are now with Iran. We lost too many of our soldiers for no reason. We are not the World Police; we need to focus on our own internal issues and debt here. Let us build a better USA and let all the other countries worry about themselves, let their own people handle their own government. I don’t mean any disrespect to any service personnel, but we need to stop all the nonsense and think about how to help our own people here at home before helping any other country.

There were about 22 or 23 different precepts (reasons) that a majority of Democrats and Republicans voted FOR in Congress - to invade Iraq.   The Bush administration decide to use the WMD precept as an emotionally loaded selling point.  This was the mistake.   While it later was verified to be factually in error, there was not a single Western security agency at the time that didn't think Iraq still possessed its vast stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons.   To characterize the entire war as being fought on this single or one or two issues as the writer implies - is simply misinformed.As for the Al Queda link being specious - it basically didn't matter - as Saddam was a known supporter and funder of many terrorist organization and allowd Abu Nidal and others sanctuary.This reporter misrepresents or partially represents the fact in order to make glib points that are not well supported:  "And certainly not because Al Qaeda, a group with no ties to or direction from the Iraqi regime, had managed to take over a few airplanes with boxcutters and fly them into buildings in the US."    I think the tone and snarkishness in that sentence pretty well encapsulates the tone and immaturity of the writer.

when saddam was in power, the whole middle east was ok, now we got bombs browing everywhere and people there r affraid just to go to a stores, thanks bush, chenney, rumfield, ron wolf and bush admistrations. jobs well done! and don't 4get about the economy u guys did a good job.

We went there because Iraq was going to stop taking dollars and insist in euros in the oil trade and we wanted to stop that. Any other reason was just window dressing.

And don't forget the other piece of brilliant Bush/Cheny inspiration: The invasion of Afghanistan!

Ahh so quickly we all forget that after Iraq I Saddam was supposed to declare and give up all of his WMD.  Guess what, he didn't and even with UN inspectors on the ground NONE of them ever found a single WMD (it's convenient when they are stored where you are not allowed to look).  However when his son-in-law defected to Jordan and revealed the actual scope and size of Saddams WMD program everyones jaw pretty much dropped.  No one even remotely thought he had that many WMD.  There were so many that after years and years of destroying them the UN never finished drestroying them all (some were found after the invasion, so yes there were WMD).So what moron would believe that someone who has used WMD on multiple occasions (in Iraq and Iran) and was caught red handed having dooped the UN and the rest of the world for years all of a sudden decided to give up the habit for good?  If that moron is you maybe you should start debating with a piece of melba toast, at least there you have a chance of winning.

Cheer up! Make lemonade: Set thousands of angry PTSD zombies loose on those that sent them to Iraq for no WMD - a reality version of 'The Naked Prey' would pay off the national debt in no time with pay-per-view and cable subscribers!Saddam Hussein was intent on selling his oil in Euros and other currencies besides the dollar and tried to have other OPEC menbers follow suit...  The same thing Iran is trying to do now.  The biggest monopoly in the world isn't oil...it's dollars...and we control the supply.  All oil is sold in dollars and most international trade as well.  Which means anytime someone wants to sell something on a large scale they have to buy dollars.  Take a guess how big that market is... and the most significant component of that market is dollars for oil.  This world reserve currency status has buoyed our standard of living since World War 2.  If the dollar were to lose its world reserve currency status ...the American empire would be over.  Our govt will fight that possibility tooth and nail.  I give you Iraq.  I give you Iran.

We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of massdestruction program."President Clinton, Feb. 17, 1998.

Too bad God didn't go on to tell Dubya that he would not find any WMDs. Perhaps that would have made a difference, second though.........probably not.

I wish the media would actually tell the truth about WMD.

I think we need to try to figure out where all the "heresay" and "miss information" came from?  Usually the easiest way to find the source is to ask... who or what benifitted the most from the war?

The author conveniently left out that many leading Democrats at the time also believed Ira had WMD, ancluding Hillary Clinton.  They've done a fine job of convincing people that it was only Bush/Republicans who believed as much.

Saddam should have let in the inspectors. He broke the cease fire agreement.  it worked out for good because now we can use IRaq as a huge landing strip to bomb Iran if needed.

Liberal democrats didn't have the cajones to take out Saddam's threat they they, themselves, admitted the existence of.

OH THE PAIN OF THE GOP, Bush, Chenney, Rumsfeld, Palin, Cain, Newt, Rush, Hannity, Coulter, Santorum, Romney, Ryan, Rubio, etc,,, No wonder the GOP voters are sooooooo ANGRY. LMAOOOOOOOOOO

The American people was lied to by all those in the White House. How in Gods name, there isn't one of these bastereds in jail, I don't know. Bush, Cheney, Condelissa Rice and others, should be brought before the courts and put on trial, laying to congress, just to go to war.Oh, PLEASE bring me back George W. Bush to invade the about to become nuclear iraq!

Israel has over 300 secret advanced nuclear warheads, lies about its WMD.  Look up the "Mordechai Vanunu" story on Wikipedia.  Israel uses WMD on civilians:  "HRW: Rain of Fire".  Israel has secret nuclear-armed attack subs, can nuke Iran or America any time it wants: "Operation Samson: Israel's Deployment of Nuclear Missiles on Subs".   Israel-firsters cost America $3T in Iraq.  The invasion was pre-planned years before, sold to the sheep when Saudi terrorists did 9/11.  The Iran invasion has also been pre-planned from way back:  Israel wants America to wipe out the Iranians (=more genocide) using the dumb Americans to do the dirty work and take the blame.  The sheep are still dumber than bricks.  But Iran is almost 4x the size of Iraq, they forgot to tell you that as they load up the body bags.  The next war to keep Israel the #1 WMD force in the region will cost American taxpayers $6T, and last over 10 years.  Longer than Vietnam.  Congress has been completely pwned by Israel; this will cost your household personally $60,000 in excess taxes / lost housing value, which we'll have to borrow by selling the country to China.  Sorry.  Check out the research.

Wasn't Syria a neighbor?  Info I had was moved there.  I will trust my source

Knock off the Bull, A Pilot told me that the convoy moved into Seria and was told not to take out the convoy because taking it out would pollute the middle east. and Seria already had these wepons anyway.

"liberalism is a mental disorder"

Despite the fact that the Bush Cabal planted WMD's in Iraq a number of times, they were REMOVED secretly so this would not succeed. They will  be removed if any attempts will be made again.

What I would like to see is a complete accounting of the money spent and the cost of helping our veterans recover and integrate again. That's right what is the number and where did it come from and how can we get it back. The next time the government starts a war like this it should be paid for in advance with a war tax... that should get the war the scrutiny it needs.

We did give them enough time to move them over to Iran. They were supporting and providing safe heven for terrorists. What a liberal reporter!

Sure i was upset that there was no weapons of mass D. But i was a soldier sworn to do my duty. Now unemployed with PTSD TBI . Awaiting GOV Va Diability after years lets fix this!

We had a collective of idiots that ducked Vietnam and had not a clue what war was, decide to jump in with both feet.  Iraq's nationalized oil fields once again belongs to big oil but that had nothing to do with our invasion -- yeah, right!  Tell it to the families that visit their loved ones in national cemeteries.A little late to be second guessing your poor decisions isn't it?I'll tell you why the USA invaded Iraq:1. was REVENGE, even though they had NOTHING to do with 9/112. the American cowrads knew they would win given they had largely DISARMED the nation afte Desert Storm3. Patriotism - the FAKE kind shove down your throats by everyone from the draft dodging #$%$ Cheney to those slick a-holes you guys call "journalists"

Dan Murphy, don't forget on your next issue to include all those of his own nation that he and his son murdered.  Granted the U.S. should have stayed out and only reacted to the poor information supplied by the "intelligence" and CIA of WMD.  Question, are you looking for a best seller?

Dan Murphy claims to have covered the Iraq war, from 2003 to 2008, yet, I can't find a single article he's written older than 2011....Anyone else?

Cheney had his number one boy in the pentagon, Douglass Feith forge those intel reports to show there were WMDs and submitted it to CongressThis was determend by REPUBLICAN Senate intelligence committeCheney should be in prison

Bad reason to invade Iraq No. 3: It helped BANKRUPT the USA!Enjoy.

BETTER SAFE THAN SORRY !!! Meanwhile Obama is letting Iran and N.Korea get nuclear weapons even though both have threatened to use them against us....this time I think we will be sorry

WMD or not, the US needed a punching bag and Iraq was the sensible choice.

Another reason to never elect GOP war mongering liars- the DEMS are bad enough. Massive riots in the streets next time a Bush genetic material entity is elected to anything.

The war in Iraq was entirely created by opportunistic zionists in the Bush administration that, subsequent to 9/11, saw their chance for getting the US to take out what they perceived as one of israel's major threats. The group of zionists in and out of the Bush administration that perpetrated this travesty on the American and Iraqi people included jewish folks like Paul Wolfowitz, Douglas Feith, Elliot Abrams. Richard Perle, William Kristol, and other non jewish zionists like #$%$ Chaney, Donald Rumsfeld, and John Bolton. These are the folks that gave us the Iraq war and for one reason only----to take out what they perceived as israel's biggest threat. In the process, thousands of American military lives were lost, hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilian lives were lost and trillions of US dollars were spent. Now, other zionists are trying to get us to do the same thing all over again in Iran.

Just wait. When Syria finally falls someone is going to stumble across a cache of biological and chemical weapons all packaged up in Iraqi labels.This is just another rehash of old news.  Hey Dan Murphy (probably pen name) you should focus on some more recent current events.  This story is rehash of some agenda that only distracts from current stories, and contains biased inaccuracies.  I get it already, you are still mad at Bush administration.  However, your indisputable facts are in fact only partially true.  There were many problems in Iraq and will be many problems in Iraq in the future, one thing is clear Saddam was ruthless, but is now gone.Time to move on, time to heal.  Why do you insist on keeping this story alive and in the forefront, when we have new, more recent problems that need to be investigated?   How about a new agenda?  Like keeping the people informed on the new events that will impact them, instead of old stuff that ended and has been dissected for last 9 plus years?

"Al Qaeda, a group with no ties to or direction from the Iraqi regime, had managed to take over a few airplanes with boxcutters and fly them into buildings in the US."------Hey Dan.....newsflash buddy: your attempt to trivialize the events of 9/11 make it difficult for me to take you seriously.  Yes, they "flew them into buildings"......thanks for not mentioning the thousands who died that day, or the plane that went down in PA.  Not to mention that the whole world was afraid of what was going to come next.....and that Saddam was constantly wavering in his permission/denial of UN inspector access.  The US sold Iraq weapons of mass destruction (years before) and knew that they DID have them.  Saddam sold them off to Syria or other nefarious groups....and on and on I could go!  Dan......you suck as a journalist!

Dan, how come guys like you didn't write stories like this back in '02 like you should have to save 4400 of our kids from horrible deaths?

The neocons created the WMD syndrome and sold the goods on Capitol Hill where most politicians never examined the existing facts at hand. The 9/11 paranoia was used by Cheney et al to expertly deceive the American public that was thirsty for revenge, and the media became a scapegoat and an enabler of the deception. Above all, no lessons were learned from Vietnam, the Soviet invasion/occupation of Afghanistan, and the insatiable apetite of the military industrial complex which sees warfare as a profit margin on their balance sheets. As OBL presented a cause to the muhjadeen , the neocons gave them its fuel and fodder.

FOX news sold this war hook line and sinker!!

Monday morning quarterbacking from an idiot.

teahillbillys know NOTHING about how that Iraq invasion sham went down, seriously. They are too stupid to vote and thats the truthif you mental midgets were so in favor of that invasion why didnt you read something about it other than some right wing bloggers talking about Clintons part in the affairit is true, grits do cause mental disability in the formative years

Did he mention that Saddomy shot at our F-18's DAILY as they tried to enforce a UN mandated NO-FLY zone?You missed that one, didn't ya, libtard????

IT"S OB fault === you freakin lib press... Let's talk about the faults of the ob RULE  that is still in power .     Muslins will rule obmam

We found the mobile lab.  The reason we attacked was because he was violating the cease fire by denying UN inspectors access to facilities...facilities that were down long, straight roads in the middle of nowhere and could see the inspectors coming for miles.  Nobody in the Bush administration ever said it was because of WMDs.  That was something the media made up.Can someone please give me the author of this articles email so i can chat with him, about spreading lies? I was there, this NEEDS to be straightened out, because Yahoo selling the public non-sense, is wrong. I was there, and i THANK GOD i was able to be there! I know a nation full of other Marines, Soldiers, Sailor, Airmen, Coasties, etc, that feel the same way...

Leave it to a religious group to state personal opinions/views as "facts." Figures..

False Flags for the MIC to make money. Simple.

Bad reason to invade Iraq No. 3: Osama is hiding in Tikrit.

If we had not gone into Iraq, several thousand people would be alive today. Was there anyone trying to stop the war? Were there people trying to expose the lies and save the lives? There were, and they were routinely monitored and harassed by Homeland Security, the fbi and other agencies. Plenty of details if you want to search google.

bush was stupid.  if'n he wanted everyone to send their kids over there, would he have sent his?

He did have chemical weapons he sent them to syria before we invaded

and we will be paying for their lies and deceit for generations to come.

Halliburton.  Cost-plus contracts.  Kellogg Brown and Root (KBR).  No bid contracts.  Richard B. Cheney.  Scooter Libby.  Valerie Plame.  CIA.  Joseph Wilson.  Niger Yellowcake deal.  Richard Clarke.  "Smoking Gun."

WOW where was yahoo freakin a decade ago bunch of fickle fools.Don't believe what you read or hear on the news wall street got what they wanted from invading Iraq and Afghanistan.1. BP and Exxon are fully operating in the Basra province in southern Iraq steeling oil2 Military bases have been built to fight iran3. Almost everything there has been privatized like transportation communication banking etc are now in the hands of the criminal global corporations.4. Cia had divided the country into 4 parts using alqiaeda and other terrorists groups.This war on terror is a hoax to invade and steel other countries natural resourcesAfganistan is rich in opium lithium etcIraq has enough oil to maintain the us economy for 30 years

The propaganda machine of the U.S. fed the 99% of zombie like citizens this nonesense, and they all ate it up because they are catatonic and entretained by sports unstead of watching what is really going on, when will the american people wake up from this? And then we wonder why there is so much hate towards our country, and the minute you critisize the any unjust war you are called unpatriotatic and you are called to support the troops.

Even with the shites and sunnis killing eachother, there are less people getting killed than when Saddam was in charge. He would line people up by the thousands and shot them. Now one side isn't doing all the killing, its more even. That might make them decicde it's not worth it someday.

All in the name of business  and  spend tax money for no reason  Thank you  F...Bush

Dan Murphy | Christian Science Monitor YOU are IGNORANT, STUPID, ILLITERATE and SERIOUSLY MENTALLY SICK, DELUSIONAL, PSYCHOTIC!!!

Our Iraq policy was nutty from the start. Saddam suckered this Country into doing something stupid which started off with Bill Clinton firing off some cruise missiles at Bagdad everytime he wanted to seem "macho." Then W completely bit the bait and invaded Iraq. Anyone with half a brain could see what was happening prior to this most stupid of all wars. Now we are being played like a yo-yo by N Korea and Iran which will probably result in more stupidity. Whatever happened to  qualified politicians?

When is the Iraqi Dinar going to Revalue?

US universities allowed iraqi royals to attend b4 the kuwait war,  they were told to leave 90ish "kuwait war" , moved on to england.  They were telling me that roads/hospitals were being built.  Dont know what to believe.  Oil rose..  I just wouldnt want to be a Leader when there is mayhem all around.  Rather stay a little person.

The shi*t (chemical weapons) is all in Syria dipshi*t!  Watch and see.

notice how the teabagpublican war cry is well hindsight is 20/20 or well there were WMD's we heard it somewhere or have you noticed on yahoo comments that there were at least 3 million teabapublicans that all served in iraq and were there when the war started and they say this and they say that....these bagger are so anti-intellectual they would let this happen again. well chit they are already begging for a war with iran n korea or syria. these teabagpublicans just love them some christian war mongering.Let's send Bush, Chenney, and Rumsfeld to courts-martial.

That's great thanks for the report, how bout a bad reason to stay in Afghanistan a more pressing matter I would think.

if  Irak didnt have weapons of mass destruccion why did we invade- was any other country behind the scene? just wondering

The author states that Iraq used chemical agents in the 1980's, but had no means to produce them in the early 2000's.  The author fails miserably to state where the 1980's chemicals came from. They came from the West, and most likely directly from the US.The war against Iraq was trumped up every step of the way.  US Congress and US allies supported it based on intentional mis-information from the Bush cabal.Bush waged war based on known lies -- totally unforgivable!!

just.like.ants

The world would be an infinitely better place if the USA had just stuck to its borders after reaching California and hadn't interfered in the Pacific or Europe or anywhere else.

Hmmm wonder where Syria got the chemical weapons they are moving around.........?

Bush, Chenney, and Rumsfeld OH HOW THEY DESTROYED THIS COUNTRY. They belong in jail!!!

As it turned out, none of this was true.WRONG

Big Deal. It's over &amp; done with so whatever anyone comes up with doesn't mean anything. Time to get a life.Hmmmm......20/20 hindsight makes it easy to throw stones, doesn't it?  Where was this clown when all those politicians from both sides of the aisle were voting so enthusiastically for war?

look up Prescott Bush &amp; Hitler. The Bush faimly are war profittears every last one of them!

At least during "W" I was PROUD to be an AMERICAN... I will NEVER be a Kenyan... now if you can please excuse me I have to go clean my ASSAULT RIFLE and load my 30 round MAGAZINE.

Guys don't loose heart. We can still find WMD's in Iraq. Just keep looking.Hay our leaders in the past were talking to GAD and Gad told em.

Good Reason To Invade Iraq: cause Iraqi Muslims to go to perpetual war with each other. Muslims fighting each other means fewer of them to plot to kill us. Go to it, boys. (The only good reason needed.)

didn't anyone of these Monday morning quartebacks see the videos of the WMD's being trucked to Syria???????

"Saddam was evil." "Weapons of mass destruction" "Enhancing US security?" Was that the goals? You guys accomplished exactly what you wanted to. Our Jewish hijacked government successfully suckered the American people into giving up their children and their tax dollars to obliterate Iraq for the purpose of solidifying Israel's tyranny in the middle east, and furthering the Jewish agenda of tyranny over all of us. Of course all of that was based on the Jewish/Mossad abomination of 9/11. One Jewish abomination after another. One can only imagine God's judgement on you people. Extra crispy Jew anyone?

Since when is a whiney blog considered a top story?If it is any liberal rant it is number one on Yahoo.

Iraq Chemical Weapons Moved to Syria Before 2003 Invasion?James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence in the Obama Administration, thought so.Whether or not sensitive weapons technology was moved to Syria is a hotly disputed question in the intelligence community. James Clapper, now the Director of National Intelligence and formerly the director of the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency, said in 2003 that he believed materials had been moved out of Iraq in the months before the war and cited satellite imagery.If the Bashar al-Assad regime falls, and should the securing of the chemical and biological stockpiles of Syria be necessary, what would be the effect if some of those materials and munitions bear Iraqi markings?Former Iraqi General Sada asserted that Saddam’s chemical stockpile was lifted, in his book “Saddam’s Secrets” and summarized by Investor’s Business Daily:As Sada told the New York Sun, two Iraqi Airways Boeings were converted to cargo planes by removing the seats, and special Republican Guard units loaded the planes with chemical weapons materials.There were 56 flights disguised as a relief effort after a 2002 Syrian dam collapse.The IBD article also mentions Israeli General Yaalon’s assertions, and those of John Shaw regarding Russian assistance in the form of former KGB General Primakov:There were also truck convoys into Syria. Sada’s comments came more than a month after Israel’s top general during Operation Iraqi Freedom, Moshe Yaalon, told the Sun that Saddam “transferred the chemical agents from Iraq to Syria.”Both Israeli and U.S. intelligence observed large truck convoys leaving Iraq and entering Syria in the weeks and months before Operation Iraqi Freedom, John Shaw, former deputy undersecretary of defense for international technology security, told a private conference of former weapons inspectors and intelligence experts held in Arlington, Va., in 2006.According to Shaw, ex-Russian intelligence chief Yevgeni Primakov, a KGB general with long-standing ties to Saddam, went to Iraq in December 2002 and stayed until just before the U.S.-led invasion in March 2003.Anticipating the invasion, his job was to supervise the removal of such weapons and erase as much evidence of Russian involvement as possible.An interesting statement from Brian Sayers, the director of government relations for the Syria Support Group:We believe that if the United States does not act urgently, there is a real risk of a political vacuum in Syria, including the possibility of a dispersion of chemical weapons to rogue groups such as Hezbollah.”What of a regime such as Saddam Hussein’s in Iraq that was suspected of actively attempting to peddle such weapons?Should these suspicions surrounding Iraq’s possible pre-invasion transfer of its remaining chemical stockpile be confirmed, the silence being heard in the media regarding them will have been deafening.

sadam hid them in syria while the libs stalled the process, how do u think syria has those weapons now?The legacy of a compulsive liar.....

the US govt needs to be #$%$ slapped right across the face..... the stupidity of the govt is getting too overwhelming..... also people... dont even doubt that that the american media isnt fuelling us people with propaganda... i mean we were tricked into thinking we were actually at risk of a terrorist attack... btw, 9/11 was planned, authorized and carried out by officials of the US govt. 9/11 was an inside job and if terrorists really wanted to strike again they would have done so in the last decade at some point...  bush and his saudi friends just wanted to make a quick buck from a war.... Iraq war wasnt about WMDs, Oil or the 9/11 ''terrorist attacks''.....the Iraq war was about money and the interests of a few rich men.

Great article.  Finally people are waking up.  War is wrong.  No one is going to attack America if we just leave the rest of the world in peace.  It's perfectly simple.

"indisputable facts" Mr. Murphy?  You saying it doesn't make it so.  You're a prime example of why folks shouldn't trust the mainstream media.  Your job, no, your responsibility to our democracy is to report the facts.  Instead, you and so many of your ilk continue to try to shape public opinion and push your liberal agenda.  You, and your profession, are a disgrace.