I'm french and I think our three countries (france, uk and us) lost their minds... Arming terrorists to beat a dictator is not a good idea.

really amanda you end up dead either way ps obama has used missiles against american citisens

This will turn around and Bite us...But Lurch doesn`t realize that. Stupid man.

funding terrorists in foreign countries is a bad idea.

Insanity.

Good let them catch a little of the heat when they try to get the arms back.

US ok with France and UK arming Syrian rebels, so US is ok with Syrian rebels kidnapping people and killing them execution style.  No wonder we are the most hated country in the world.

With al-Qaida and its allies, it's unclear what support the secretary of state was describing. Al-Qaida in Iraq has clearly backed Syria's rebels, which has been acknowledged by U.S. and other Western officials, particularly through its relationship with Jabhat al-Nusra — which the U.S. has declared a foreign terrorist organization.Kerry, doesn't have a clue what the H%$L is going on.

They'll use the weapons on us eventually.

This guy is not only scaring sounding, he is scary looking as well. Has everyone in political positions completely lost their minds since Obama became President? What in the world is going on?

Just keep the U S out of it!Well duh now Obama will have somone to blame when those weapons and our money is used against us.

How soon they forgot what happened back in the 80's when the US funded these groups to fight against the Soviets just some 20 some years later they fought us back with the same weapons we provided them.... what a bunch of idiots running the world.

Of course the US is ok with arming the AlQaeda Rebels.   They have already been doing it covertly for MONTHS !!

According to the left and liberal posts I have read in the past, this exactly what the republican administrations did when they were in office (armed rebels).  Where is your outrage now?

I see the chin is at it again.

So who is going to arm the people of the United States once Obama disarms us and we rebel? Will we be called freedom fighters or terrorists? I bet it will be the later.

Watch.  Someone over there will use the chemical or bio weapons, and THEN our clueless prez will send in our military, exposing them to all of it.  But don't advise the EU not to do this.  All part of a larger plan.

The clueless John Kerry at it again.

so muslims in china are called freedom fighters if they oppose the chinese government?

If you can run from it ..The washington beast of revelations has done it ..bomb libya ..run ...lose billions on failed green energy ..run ...massacre in benghazi ..run ..economy ..run ...foreign policy ...run ...deficit ..run ...poverty ..run ..unemployment run ...and then blame anyone else ...every and any one who he can .....what a beast , deciever , liar , racist .........When the loco russians jump in and start killing aka rebel / terrorists and the uk and france get caught in the middle ..will Obama , the black beast from the pit have an opinion then ? ..or will he do his usual turn and run from it ?

we are out of money anyway.so go for it france and britan.leave us out.if the place wants to be our pals after the fighting stops  o.k. if not thats o.k. too.we dont need war or them.

Who elected our white house officials anyway? You people are the ones who fell for the lies. Now deal with it.

Does This Mean US Can Mind Our Business And Leave Syria To France And The UK, Or Will More US Tax Dollars Continue To Be Sucked Down The ME Sinkhole?  Rhetorical B/C We Already Know The International Zionist Bankers Answer.

gun control on citizens here... and supplying guns to terrorists there.have i fallen into the Twilight zone

Now, let me get this straight: liberals have complained for years that arming the Mujuhadin in Afghanistan led to the use of weapons against Americans in the Afghani War, but somehow arming Syrian rebels won't lead to the use against Americans in the future?

They dont need the OK from the USA.

This will give obama someone to blame later on.

Why is our Goverment again I say our Goverment doing what we don't want it to do approve of or Arm the rebels in Syria ,Lybia, Egypt or any other Muslim Country.  Rebels are the Muslim Brotherhood. wake up stop wasting our Tax dollars.

Just make sure they give the terrorist L85A1 rifles to fight the dictator since they break down after 100 rounds...It's called "Leading from behind" Obama foriegn policy doctrine....The way this works is if it works out then they take credit. If it fails they get to blame it on others.....real leadership huh!

Ok with arming syrian rebels &amp; ok with dis-arming americans ??

WASHINGTON DC ...WORLDS LEADING ARMS DEALER

Sadly, France and the UK playing it up for their radical muslim populace.

If anyone thinks that the Sunni-dominated insurgency would be more tolerant of other religious minorities you are mistaken.  To cause the demise of the Assad regime would probably be the worst thing that could happen to the US and Israel.

Vast chemical weapon supply, Aren't chemical weapons,weapons of mass destruction? Here He goes vonting for something before He votes against it.

When are we going to start fixing this country? We have no buisness helping any other country until we are whole and even then we should strengthen ourselves more so before lending a hand to someone else while we are still trying to get up off the ground from our own self inflicted damage. Crazyness starts and ends in Washington.

Why not give them the "big bomb" and let them all blow themselves into glass fibers? Then that region might learn something about war and what it takes to create some sense over there.

Guys, say whatever you want, thumbs up or down but this is not good policy, (only for the arms industry) I hope we don't regret meddling in so many fronts (like Hitler) and fall as he did

Yeah that's fine. As long as law abiding American people dont arm themselves.Great let's Britain and France arm the Rebels and let the US stay away

dont arm al quadia are u frackin crazy

The US is only concerned with the fact that if we help these jihad/terrorists into power, they might give us huge benefits in tapping into their oil reserves, and give us free access into their market. It's all corporate interests. The US doesn't care for Syrians, but we use the democracy card and freedom fighter card to get justice and excuse for our purposes and cause.

Obama has a long standing statement in his book where he said he would stand on the side of the Muslim.Here he is again supporting the "terrorists” said to be people fighting for freedom. In Egypt and Libya the outcome has not been good. Why would the outcome be good in Syria?I am sure similar results would be very pleasing to Obama.

What's with all the pink ties?  I haven't seen pink ties since the 1950s

For some reason....The red white &amp; blue isn't looking so colorful these days??

Of course the U.S. is behind the plan. We lead from behind.

Since CIA, FBI, &amp; even RUSSIA, Israel, &amp; Turkey have determined that Approx 70%-75% of 'rebels' are the same Al Qaeda linked to Bin Laden &amp; Pakistan......THIS IS 100% TREASON &amp; WORTH THE ARREST AND EXECUTION OF OBAMA AS A TRATOR FOR "GIVING AID &amp; COMFORT TO ENEMY" OF AMERICA.

NO  NO NO NO Weapons for terrorists

This same "Lurch" who wants American Law abiding citizens disarmed is arming terrorist rebels.What the *&amp;%^%$%*^ is wrong with this knucklehead?We're going to end up fighting against our own weaponry.why give them anything? i want more arms for the american citizens. so why arm the terrorist and disarm law bidding americans? only oduma and his idiot staff and some demon senators come up with these stupid ideas. arm our enemies and disarm americans,  most of our leaders are not worth a chit. maybe the should move to syria. now that would be good for america

Obama and Kerry: let's arm al-Qaeda like we did in Libya... oops!

Son arrested after Hong Kong police find his parents' severed heads ???Time to band all sharp objects !!

Residents rush to pull money from Cyprus banks as EU takes aim at Russian depositsAS THE WORLD SINKS !!!

Wonder what the native Indians would have to say about negotiating with the American politician?

Good. Al-Qaeda needs more weapons to fight the French in Mali.Excellent idea.The World needs more weapons...

obama wants to strip Americans of their guns while using our tax doolars to arm the terrorists groups like the muslim brotherhood. How does obama get away with meeting the muslim brotherhood at the white house yet no press.  America better wake up and fast.

when all is said and done, the rebels will hate both France and UK,  The world should have learned from our mistakes, Trust no Muslim!!

And if we weren't ok with it what would happen? Oh wait, thats right, we don't rule the world.

Translation:US is OK with arming and supporting AQ terrorists!!!!I gotta read those 9-11 inside job reports.I want this questioned asked and answered by POTUS Sect of State, Congress, Senate and Mr. Holder.Do they believe in the Right of the citizens of Syria, Lybia and other nations to engage in Armed rebellion against those ligitiment governments ???We all know the US supports these armed rebellions. American interference in other countries affairs have gone on sporadically since the founding of the USA when it suited the US's interests.So the answer would have to be Yes the USA supports the right of citizens of other lands to rebel, take up arms, over throw the current form of government or just to get rid of the people responsible for the miss use of power granted to them.So, whats good for the goose is good for the gander, ........... by approving of others to topple, overthorw, take up arms, rebel against ligitment governments, (all governments are ligit untill they are overturned) the Right of the American citizen to do the same is cemented, fixed, unmovable."The best reason for the Right of The People to Keep and Bare Arms is to prevent Tryanny in Government."Thomas Jefferson

Sweet.

this bozo is worse then useless hilliary

I am not sure how Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize a few years ago during his first term.

Didn't we learn anything from arming the Afghanistan rebels during the cold war?

#$%$ Kerry said Al Queda is helping Assad hahaha!

What could be sweeter, weapons and wars? The arms merchants are the scourge of the world.

John Kerry is a genius #$%$).Shouldn't he be travelling around the world handing out checks for hundreds of millions of our dollars to countries who hate us.Wouldn't it be a lot easier for him to send the checks by mail.Hillary Clinton pretty much wore out the plane she used,to bad she couldn't have spared one trip so she could have afforded to give Benghazi more security that they asked for.......4 Americans might still be alive today if it weren't for her.

Sooo, Obaaamaa will give away Money and Semi-Automatic Assualt Weapons to his muslim brothers- But at home wants to take away both from us ? it's the FAIR thing to do !

Al Quaeda already has weapons and now we're going to give them more?   Wasn't the attack on the World Trade Center reason enough never to arm Al Quaeda?  How many more innocent Americans must die because we have a government that chooses to betray us?Why the US cannot take the lead in arming the rebels and sending elite troops to Syria to kill Iranian and Hezbollah fighters who joined Assad forces ? Israel should fight Hezbollah and destroy it completely instead of standing by and watching this masacare go on and on

I'm sure our approval has the French and British breathing a sigh of relief.  Yes, I'm being sarcastic.

America were rebels once. If taking down the dictator brings Democracy and peace to Syria than I say more power to the rebels. Rebelling is never a bad thing.

Okay, they arm people in other countries but disarm us? Makes sense.

We are a nice group of friends... The French, the UK, AL-Qaida and us...Looking forward to the next Afghanistan and Libya.Is israel happy about the destruction of an other secular Arab state? Yes? So everything is fine then.

Where can i start a new country?

oh wow, those guys are already doing enough damage with what they haveanything else is over kill

Well I used to think we would take a stand but the little weiner Adolf Obama is too weak for that.  So the US instead up front fall behind France and UK.  So much for a world leader under uncle Adolf.

I'm sure the US will be okay with it until those weapons are turned on US airliners. There is no 'Good guy' in this civil war in Syria. On one side you have a dictatorship that funds terrorist and on the other you have Islamist/Jihadists that would just as happily blow up a bus filled with American children. How many of these weapons that are being sent to the FSA will make there way to Afghanistan to kill and maim American troops? The smart money says... many.

we got more enemies .... as we saw egypt,,,,iraq,,,libya pakistan...afghanistan....the big winner is china......But we're not "OK" with it.  We don't know anything about these people, other than that some of them are terrorists and a majority of the rest just crooked and incompetent.  You can put whatever conditions you like, these supplies are still going to end up in the hands of Jabhat al-Nusra.  And once the Islamists have taken over, they're going to right back over the border and use all the skills they learned in the war to kill Iraqis.This administration is losing the war on terror.

This is just another PROXY WAR between the West versus Russia and Company.they should just destroy themselves if they really hate each other. this proxy war leaves many innocent civilians and lives wasted.This is really becoming pointless

History has shown that revolutions lead by people and popular leaders, always defeat corrupted governments in a short amount of time. 'Revolutions' that takes a long time in the process, are signs that factions are manipulated by outside forces, like Syria right now.

This is gonna make Barrys trip to isreal even crazier, I hope isreal tells obama to f-off, then goes and kicks Irans #$%$, flatten them!!

Leading from behind when you have no clue what you're doing.

after world war ll ....did US win a war ????......the only winner is Washington DC and giant corporation....that's the fact.....

my God bless Syria please Mr.President Assad bomb lodon and paris and teach them traitors a lesson use the gas on them sobs don't worry about osama oblowmo he don't like the brithich and thr #$%$sfrogs either.

Again, we are arming and/or giving money to Terrorists! This just promises another blowback in the future...

Arming salafist terrorists to fight modern secular socialist nationalist leaders worked great in Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya.Remember it is important to plant the seeds today if we want to be able to harvest some fresh wars tomorrow. The military industrial complex must be fed... Feed the beast!

As I have been saying for quite some time, OUR government is PAYING the Al Qaeda "rebels" in Syria and Libya at the same time as they use AL QAEDA TO TAKE OUR LIBERTIES AWAY!!!! Now does it make sense kids? This has been going on for decades and you better say something or your children will wake with NOTHING, but war, debt and a corrupt government. Sad. Our founders would be sick.Send Romney in with the deferment kings of vietnam to help rebels /////GINGRICH, THOMPSON, MCCONNELL, BOEHNER, LIMBAUGH, OREILLY, GIULANI, TRUMP, CHENEY, AND INHOFT

Amazing. Fight Al Qaeda for years then come to their aid in Syria. Just amazing.

I think everyone should be armed with nuclear weapons every man woman and child it is the only way....if we were born of a creator he must be sorely disapointed in us and himself

once they get they boxes they should sell them on ebay

with all the concern in the US over weapons why do we think it OK to arm others so that they can kill men, women, children and baby's?

Love the picture of Kerry .  Sums it up without  words. We are lucky there wasn't a check from the taxpayers in his hand, as was in Egypt. 250 million could go a long way at home.

And the US knows full well that these are not "rebels" in the sense of domestic revbolutionaries, but largely imported al quiada militants. The US is in league with al quaida now, and may have been back at 9/11. The "war on terror" is a war on civilians' rights. Domestic drones are heading the drive to a full police state. In the meantime, we are content to watch "Dancing with the Stars" and pretend there's nothing wrong with this picture.

Bring down the borders and then people could leave these hell holes where national governments and corporations are destroying the planet.

yea by all means arm the opposition which are mostly alqueda fighters. I'm sure Israel is ecstatic about it.

Our country has lost their minds giving terrorist thing that they can use on use or israel.Well of course they're ok with it. Why wouldn't they be? The U.S. gov't probably initiated the idea.

The US, UN, and EU policy towards all Arab civil wars: better to get into bed with the Islamist terrorists than secular Arab dictators. Better to stay out of it entirely. The winner, no matter who, will soon enough come looking for us.

Yes, the fight is becoming a global catastrophe, lets throw napalm on the fire.

Maybe our man Bam can loan the rebels a few drones, if he thinks he can spare a few.

Gee, Obama is SO kind for letting those Syrians have all sorts of weapons and ammunition to oppose their oppressive government... it's too bad he doesn't want us American citizens to have the same privilege. :(

The Syrian rebels are Al Quaeda

Who or whoms we would bve helping with arms if we the USA actually went forwrd and or in that direction...  Looks clear as mud to me.That the congress is leaning toward getting mixed up in this &gt;&gt;"support for greater U.S. involvement appears to be growing in Congress"&lt;&lt; Is no small surprise...After all ...anything to keep from dealing with the real problems here at home.

The US has armed terrorist for decades. France should take a look at the results of us doing that.

Why don't they help the Palestinians, Bahrain people, Saudis, ............

That can't be legal. If I didn't like Obama and France gave me a gun would I be a freedom fighter or would I be dead or in jail?Kerry ur buddies in Isreal wont like this...And I dont think we should be involved in arming anyone in this mess!

Let's give both sides a nuke and end this once and for all.

Alarming, Like Being A Partial Virgin. I Say If We're In For A Penny We're In For A Pound...

It's about time we armed the Syrian rebels, just like Russia arms the Dictator.

So...Um... why dafuq are we making the situation worse? Syrian armies are defecting to the rebels' side everyday, and Assad loyalist are feelingt he pressure. They may be making slow progress but that doesn't mean that we should be doing some that's probably gonna bite us in the #$%$ later just to speed things up.

United States logic:1. Invade Afghanistan and Iraq for harboring Al-Qaeda and other terrorist militants.2. Sell arms to same terrorists in order to profit from their attempts to overthrow other nations' governments.3. Invade those countries for harboring terrorists once terrorists have successfully overthrown former regimes.4. Sign NDAA into law to strip own citizens of rights.5. Disarm own citizens so nothing can be done to stop the American Government.6. Become New World Order.

Another disaster in foreign policy. Great. How long until this assklownery bites us?

Without getting into the situation in Syria itself here - what happened to those now in power and their insistance that the UN take the lead ?  It wasn't all that long ago when actions such as these were being decried as acting unilaterally.  What happened to the arguement applying sanctions and giving them an unlimited time to (not) work?Seems whenever people get in power from either side they forget where they came from.

From my viewpoint, there is no credible evidence against Assad that you cannot relate to the rebels as well. I  think, why not call an election with independent monitors? I think US &amp; Co. are afraid that this guy has more support than they think!

ummm from the photos of destruction I see, it seems their pretty well armed by somebody as it is.Yay! The three idiot governments of France, UK, and U.S. are funding the terrorists they are fighting against in Afghanistan, Iraq, Mali, Pakistan, Somalia, and Sudan. The imperialism of these three nations continues. When will people realize that colonialism and hegemony has no place in the 21st century? To supply rebels, most of whom are foreigners, against a sovereign stage is illegal under U.N. mandate.

WEST is crazy, arms terrorists and than crys when terrorists hit WEST country with weapon gotten from WEST.

Sure. Arm a bunch of people who hate us just a little less than the people we are arming them to fight. What could possibly go wrong?

"And Kerry said Russia, Iran, Hezbollah and al-Qaida-related elements are helping Assad.With al-Qaida and its allies, it's unclear what support the secretary of state was describing. Al-Qaida in Iraq has clearly backed Syria's rebels, which has been acknowledged by U.S. and other Western officials, particularly through its relationship with Jabhat al-Nusra — which the U.S. has declared a foreign terrorist organization."Really? No comments yet?  What is wrong with this countries leadership?  Barry O. and his crew are flat out nuts!

So they are ok with the British and French plans to arm Syria's rebels but not with Russia and Iran` plans to arm Assad? Remember a coin has two sides as soon as The Rebels get arms same will happen with Assad...arming them is a bad idea.

When are we going to start calling Russia out for exactly what they are: our enemy.  They're in a constant power struggle with the West.  Instead of working with the US and Europe for on foreign policy they purposely go against them on everything and side with countries like Iran, Syria, China, North Korea, and groups like Hezbollah.

"It is time for us to develop a comprehensive approach to stopping the carnage."  So let's give them more weapons!!!!

You idiots talking out of your assses, can you read. France and the U.K are giving them arms not us. Why do you just post idiotic comments here and rant and rave. Its your fault that you guys chose a moron to run for the republican party, no one wanted Obama but you gave us a fool to vote for so now your stuck with this socialist

kill assad with drone dont are al quadia please is insane the rebels clearly have terrorists involved now

Good Lord, why won't the U.S. stay out of my country? The "rebels" are #$%$. And Kerry must be an idiot: al-Qaida absolutely HATE the Assad government.I hope President Assad crushes the vermin that are destroying the country.america sponsored terrorism in syria.wake up people!!!

lol the world is a playground for these so called democracies. God help us all.

they're ok with it cuz the US has been arming them all along via Turkey as a proxy

very difficult predicament.

Neutrality would be truer to America’s roots and traditions than our current imperalist policies and would also reduce our threat level, enemies and military expenditures.

I believe the time has come for The People of the United States of America to Stand Up against the Tyrany of US Government as of Now, the sick and perverted game has been played for way too long now, and unless we like the Idea to live in Nazi-Commie Country, the time has come to wake up!!!

you see how this western country come together to supply weapon to rebels, and these Muslim country buying their weapon and killing own people. really they are very fool. wes

expected... america is isolationalist (usually) until they are forced to war..

Sure ...why not .

After becoming Secretary of State people are losing their judgement and common sense! It happened with Condie, Clinton and now with Kerry!Not only he is contradicting himself  in statements made days apart, but in the same comment. And this was one of the heavyweight foreign policy lawmaker. And now in the executive.God help the people of this planet!All of them (Cameron, Holland and company )  are coming out of their skin to topple the regime, and when they are not succeeding they are just losing their minds! Good work Syria!Are you kidding, selling arms to terrorists?  same countries making a mess to make money!

Just take a look at this forum and we can tell why the world is in such a mess. There are so many people that are either morally insane, logically deficient, emotionally disconnect, or all of the above. If ever there is magic wand that can change places for these defective human beings with the suffering Syrians.

Wait a minute we are losing our freedoms because of terrorist and we are arming the terrorist,,,,,HEY DRONES does this makes you feel better,,,,,,Wake up wake up wake up

Awesome, lets finance terrorists and use them to topple governments that are not playing ball with the west, well good luck with that, hopefully this gives Russia and official green light to start delivering weapons and training to SAA.

Now Russia can respond by openly arming the Syrian army... GREAT.

This scares the shjt out of Iran. And that's what this is all about.

Seriously, International Laws applies to other countries but US, UK &amp; France?  #$%$

Just like #$%$ fights, all the big countries giving the little countries arms and watching them fight it out... wonder if their are a bunch of people putting money on it...

wow great news long live us &amp; turkey brotherhood

No big surprise here: "The United States long held the same conviction, with President Barack Obama and other officials saying more weapons in Syria would only make peace harder. As the violence has worsened over the last year, Washington has tempered that message somewhat." Congress and the president have gotten their most recent orders from the Council on Foreign Relations' goon squad.  Who will defend the defenders of Mali from this same coercion?We need to pin point exactly where Assad is via NSA intel and give it to the people who want to go get him, its that simple you dont have arm or fund anything just pin point his location and follow him to give those who want to get him go and get him...we do not need to do anything!

Forgot, people have trouble linking things. Rebels/terrorists (there are definitely bad people fighting for the rebels cause (warlords for example), I won't deny that, versus Syrian soldiers and terrorists (cannot deny the fact Assad is using Hezbollah to fight right along side with his guys.).

Actually A.na it would be arming rebels/terrorists to fight soldiers/terrorists. Even Steven in my eyes. Just going to expedite the process of Assad getting a bullet between the eyes.

This is good for my birth country of Israel and my adopted country, the US. A fractured Syria, where al Qaeda runs wild, killing all the anti-Semitic Arab Christians and Arab Muslims is a good thing. Why would anyone be against it? Anti-Semites killing other anti-Semites!!

We can't win in giving support to the rebels. At least we know what Assad stands for. We don't know what rebel control will bring to the area. Al-Qaida, is imbedded in the rebel opposition and it would be hard to eliminate their influence. What a big mess! The Syrian people are the big losers!!

I hope they do something real to help the rebels not just talking.ASSAD is brutal dictator and I hope will go down soon like GHADDAFI.

I can't believe it. We are arming al quida? We should overthrow those criminals in Washington and take our country back!!!

Yea it really worked well in Libya and looked what happened there with a killing of an ambassador   and 2 other Americans.. I bet that job of ambassador  to Syria becomes a popular job in months to come after Assad loses power . Do I see a show of hands who want that job ?????

Double standards much?I guess its rather the West that believes it can "shoot it out", Mr. K. On a side note: It is not the US that has a say in this matter.

Not our business anywaysArming Terrorists will not save lives!

wait until those same arms are used against US and Israel.which is probably the intent - to give US / Israel pretext to invade - oh so familiar scenario.

Who would ever though that US would support terrorist organizations now?

Stoneface Kerry will be awarded a medal by France for this. He'll keep this one.

at last,this could impact western relationships with that area.good job Kerry...

WHy is the U.S. getting involved in this mess? Why cant the administration official just keep their mouths shut? If other countries want to arm and back the rebels, who cares? The U.S. should hope this war last another 10 years and kill as many as possible in the region. This will keep america safe.

Hmm, what happened the last time someone outside of the middle east armed a middle eastern country? Bin Laden......

they need to stop Russian / Iranian resupply...and Syrian aircraft

So France fight Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists in Mali while helping them to maim &amp; murder Syrian Christians &amp; other secular muslims?

Ever since the start of history, dictators have used people's tax money to build armies for suppressing people (and slaughter people when they rise up). I am shocked to see so many people here think we should do nothing about it. If these very same people are caught in the same situation, they will make an about face in a minute. This is such a moral ambiguity. And I just don't know why so many people cannot understand the situation of the abused/suppressed victims under the dictatorship. It is even sadder when most of these critics are themselves living in free nations and is not under the fear of being slaughtered by their own governments. But of course, without these ignorant people, we would have utopia long time ago. So just let Syrian people continue to suffer.I am astonished by the fact the US public tolerates so much in terms of a broken political system and a trigger hungry military not to mention your long list of banksters.  Maybe you should all learn to stand up and rebel like they do in Europe or even the middle east (or maybe you're all okay with it).  Forget an Arab Spring, how about an American Spring?

I don't understand why Assad hasn't used leathal chemical gas like saddam use to?