If I stole money from peoples bank accounts to pay off my bad gambling debts, I'd be put in jail for embezzlement.    Governments made bad bets gambling with derivatives and want their constituents to pay.

Love it.  They put their money in the bank...Savings accounts no less, and are told oh, so sorry, big troubles are happening so you're just going to have to forfeit some of your savings.  Thanks for putting it away bye the way...we appreciated being able to steal it from you!

Obama and the Democrats must hv copy-and-paste'd this socialist legalized robbery policy, just in case the US govt also goes into default on her massive runaway US$16.6trillion debt........Better for Americans to put all their money in gold or cash or solid assets(property investments) than in bank deposits or bonds.It is a wonder why the Cyprus govt did not seek bankruptcy protection and required debt forgiveness and/or debt-shaving from her rich bondholders, like what Argentina did in 2002. She had rather "rob" from her average savings depositors.

There will be a run on the Cypress Banks on Monday... who would leave their money in chancing that it would never happen again.... I certainly would not...

Thats about right.  People who have not squandered their eearning now being subject to the fleecing by money-hungry cash squandering government beurocrats. I'd bet that BO, Nancy Pelosi, and Harry Reid can't wait to try this on Americans.  This effort to avoid bankruptcy by Cypress is noble, but unless the root problem is taken care of, the disease goes merrily on.

A very bright idea. The Banks and with approval with the State invested wrongly.....so you expect that the depositers will pay. These Banks, better if they go bunkrupt, they should learn the lesson. Investers thrusted them, and so we have to pay for their silly mistakes. Being too greedy, under no way should depositer should pay.

I wonder what is the state of gun control in that country?  I bet you it is illegal to own a gun (not for the government of course) , That's why the government can steal from them blind.

Foreigners holding large deposits in Cyprus should not get special treatment in evading this levy. The usual route for them is to go all the way to European Court of Justice against this levy order. All foreign governments like Russia, Britain, Greece and Turkey can take care of their citizens' interest in this island.Russia announced an Euro loan already; Greek units of Cypriot banks got exemptions;  Turkey can offer Patriot Protection services until they stay idle; Britain and other interested nations like China,India can announce loans in their local currencies. America can ensure it's still the most influential lender in IMF.

So, how's that socialism working out for everyone? Now they can steal your money just because you put it in a savings account.

5000 years ago, Moses said: Pick up your shovel, mount your #$%$, and I'll lead you to the promised land.5000 years later, Roosevelt said: Lay down your shovel, sit on your #$%$, and light up a camel,for this is the promised land.Today, they will all tax your shovel, sell your camel, kick your #$%$, and tell you there is no promised land.What else is new :-(This is all about the #$%$ cockroach public sector parasites.Stealing private sector peoples money!

I guess this is "their fair share" i here the #$%$ in the white house talk about all the time. watch your 401K's

My understanding is they took deposits to pay debts the customers had, but were not yet due to pay. Never have your money deposited where your loans are due for this reason. In America!