All folks who were stop and frisked are totally safe from big gulps and smoking signs....

This article reminded me of why I usually do not read stuff like this. Another somebody done somebody wrong song and just so happens that most of the somebody folks are black. Imagine That !!!!

Excuse the pun but this is overkill. I'm black and have never been stopped and frisked in well over thirty years in metro Atlanta. I was pulled over by a white female cop for wearing headsets while driving, illegal at the time, case was dismissed. I've always been treated favorably by law enforcement officers.

1.	"Peart's mother died of cancer" What does this have to do with Stop and Frisk?2.	 "Peart testified that he filed one complaint against police where he lied and said he had been physically injured. He also said one of the stops happened in May 2011, not April 2011, had trouble recalling the race and descriptions of officers who stopped him and published angry Facebook posts insulting the police department." So, he's an admitted LIAR with a grudge.3.	As usual, LIBERAL MEDIA, in support of the Socialist Goals of the Left, is simply playing the RACE card for Headlines and glossing over the actual FACTS.

When it's the minorities doing the majority of the crime, racial profiling is just another tool to help find the bads guys. If you dress like a thug, you have a chance of getting treated like one. It's not the white man who has given the black man a bad name. They've done that pretty well on their own.

Guess that 5 million Hispanics and Blacks are 80% of the population of NYC.  Doesn't sound like anything unusual.  Wonder what the few remaining whites who don't seem to complain have to say about being frisked.  Whatever it takes to protect the good citizens of NYC is what it takes.  If racial profiling saves lives then racial profiling is necessary.  It appears blacks are looking for special treatment.  The prisons are full of those that believe the St. Augustine edict of now obeying a law that is unjust.  Problem is that to an un just person all laws are unjust.

Since when can you go inside a person's apartment by just grabbing his keys and going in. That is definitely illegal, not to mention this was his 4th time being stopped. This is racial profiling.

Bloomberg reminds me of the Jews in Poland that pointed out other Jews to the #$%$, funny thing was even the traitors went to the camps eventually. I believe they would call Bloomberg a "judas sheep", at the very least he's a dictator or thinks he is.

I wonder what these same people who are complaining now will say when crime goes up and they are afraid to walk to the corner convenience store???  My bet is that they will be the firs to complain there also.

Kind of sad that in a supposedly free country people can be randomly stopped, frisked and treated like a criminal without just cause. We turned into a guilty until proven innocent society.Ripped from the play book of American Idol..."Peart's mother died of cancer, and he is the guardian of his three siblings, two small boys and his disabled 20-year-old sister. The stocky community college graduate testified that he was stopped four times, starting on his 18th birthday."...now back to the incident.

Cry big time.  It makes you look so involved.

The intent of stop &amp; search is to protect those who are protesting. How ironic is that?

Coincidentally, there has been no terror attacks while stop and frisk has been implemented.

I've said it before: crooked cops need to get TRIPLE the penalty that a normal citizen would get for the same crime.  We trust these people with unbelievable power over us, we need to make the price for betraying that trust so high that they would not even consider breaching it.  Don't think I'm against good cops, I'm not, but there is nothing lower than a bad cop.  Not even a used car salesman.  Well, maybe a politician.

So, now, get stopped and frisked, then asked..."do you have any identifying papers to prove that you are a girl? No, you must then be stripped and body cavity searched! Assume the position, NOW !"Kind of sounds like the silly jokes we played while younger on Nazi Germany. Looks like such has come to our shores, communities and literally into our homes. What has happened to probable cause, reason, or suspicion?

What acting! Let the drama begin!

Tell your drama to your mamma .

Do not fly on an airplane unless you want the same treatment.

They could use the method rural cops do. Grab a mutt from home or if in a hurry swing by the pound. If dog stares off in space or licks its nuts, cop can say " dog alerted" Most honest cops don't abuse this but many do. It gives them auto search warrant. I have heard cops brag" who needs a judge" . Thank god judges now are starting to ask for training certs on dogs at least, but that is after the fact, your guns are have been confiscated and divied up between the cops and so many times lost in clerical red tape, never to be seen again.The city is full of non-whites whom do not want to live in the ghetto.  Who else are they going to stop and frisk.  WAH......  Why does this even make the news?  All the people and issues that are not that important are moved up to defcon one on yahoo, ie. gays, losers and those that nobody gives a @## about.  Get a life people and quite bothering us hard working people who support you financially (and not by choice).

Look carefully at the front row of "protestors," then behind them.  IslamoNazis!  This is what's happened in European city-after-city.  If New Yorkers bless this sham, they'll deserve exactly what they're going to get, i.e., islamoNazis blocking even more streets and sidewalks with their rugs, and increasing intrusion by Sharia Law.Oh, New Yorkers are too busy?  OK.  Allow the islamists to arrogate too much power to their imams, and New Yorkers will be busy, alright, trying to survive.

Apparently New York has gone  to military rule with an evil dictator at the helm.

It is amazing how far a little bit of cooperation can go when dealing with law enforcement.  Most, if not all of the people that complain the loudest are the ones that fight ane argue with the cops.  Act like a thug, get treated like a thug.

Lucky the boy wasn't packing a pastry that resembled a pistol. Was it NJ school that expeled the little boy and confiscated the dangerous donut. Sorry guys but to many of you  think like Mayor Bloomberg.

i wonder if iran or n. korea has missles with a gps aimed at new york city, hmmmm  just wondering

Right or wrong, I hope this guy isn’t the best of the dozen expected to tell their stories.

Don't all criminals say they are innocent, and anything illegal found on them they say isn't theirs and don't know were it came from. An obvious criminal is most likely one.

Violation of Fourth Amendment.

Oh Bo-Who for this nonprofit worker, and what does he do collect food stamps and sells them for a non-profit, Looks like he wants a law-suit to make a profitI wish they'd use profiling at the air ports and stop all this TSA #$%$

The problem ain' a problem til a cop searches you for no reason. It ia a 4th amendment violation and once law-enforcement is not restrained by the law same as us then we will have a bigger problem than New York!

Hey, we're all potentially subject to pat downs and body searches going through airport security, too!  I'm not saying I agree with these tactics, but sometimes you've got to put up with some inconvenience and/or embarrassment for the greater good/safety!

Well if you hadn't been carrying a 44 oz. big gulp Bloomberg's storm troopers wouldn't have stopped you. I'll tell you this much, I don't know about NYC, but cops don't handcuff anyone here unless under arrest, and NO you do NOT have to identify yourself to a policeman, without a good reason, wake up  people your rights are being slowly taken away and you're letting them.

Minorities make America worse.

nobody stopped or frisked the black moron who shot and robbed my brother ?in broad daylight in downtown NY ,27th street WHY? yes my brother lived, but did they catch the idiot ?NO, they didn't even try ,because he was a MINORITY #$%$) they couldn't have cared less ,we were treated as if we were perpetrator not the victim .,and now of course these idiots  want to stop any blacks from being stopped or frisked (and believe me they are not talking about Hispanics like me or any other minority EXCEPT BLACKS  ,pure liberal media #$%$

Well, imagine how safe and crime free we'd be if we would use New York's reasoning and just have the cops stop and search everone they see.

I guess your siblings would have to have gone through the trauma of answering the front door, all by themselves.  I would only be too pleased if they opened a door to a Police Officer, few people are safer to open your door and seeing.  Terrible the Police might have been concerned for the safety of the neighbourhood.  Terrible, terrible stuff.

WHAT THE HELL IS AN "NON PROFIT WORKER"????

Check out FlexYourRights on You*ube. It covers this. Tell them: I don't consent to this search. If they still search you, get as many people as you can who witnessed it, and may have video footage. Remember every detail, everything that happened and in what order. Also, You have the right to remain silent. USE IT! Saying NOTHING can be your best defense.Makes me wonder if the city is trying to drive out  ALL minorities.  The group that use to move as far away from the city as they could, have come back to live.  Buildings that were in ruins have now been renovated, and rent in buildings where rent use to be about 450 + for a one bedroom are now a thousand or two.

It would be interesting to see how many of these "innocent" citizens have criminal records.And just for the record, I have been stopped &amp; asked questions by the police. I cooperated, answered the questions &amp; was on my way in just a couple of minutes...........Can I start crying now?

funny how all these whites say racial profiling is ok. i know what they'd say if they were stopped &amp; searched because they were white! it'd be "i want a lawyer!"

If "10% of stops result in arrests"thats well worth the effort.  It also seems the ones doing the complaining are the ones who need more police presence in their neighborhoods than most.

It dosen't matter what color the folks are, this is a bunch of bull.

Can you say KGB (commitee security police)--Bloomberg-at least you New York City folks  should know what this control freak is about now !!

Bloomburg,needs to drowned in a BIG GULP&gt;&gt;#$%$-TATOR

Gestapo  on the rise.

Its not about race. Its about reputation.

I would normaly be on the citizens side BUT these people voted to keep the Blooming Idiot in office for a 3rd term so all I can say is You Got What You Voted For.This entire concept of stop and frisk is a little too much like the days of Nazi Germany.... these are very wierd times in this country.....

Looks like NY will lose this case ..... then comes the Beautiful Lawsuits in hundreds if not thousands

Please Mr Office, Stop Anyone That Look's  Suspicious That's Why Chicago Is In A Mess Now Because Of These SO Call Civilrightsn Activist.

The officers in New York do not honor our Constitution and treat people just like the #$%$ did in Germany . A total disgrace.

Half of them should be tackled first too. Stop loitering like a thug.What do you think ? Your going to stop the frisking ? Your rocking the good guy's.PD Put their life on the line.   YOU ?Should be thanking them for wanting safe streets.Who cares if your feelings get hurt. Have a kid in the force getting shot at every day.. Our protectors are at war with bad guy's. Who's side are you on ?

act now for $19.95, get your DVD of  "Pigs Gone Wild: BIg Apple Edition!!"WOOOOOO!!

i hope they instituet stop and frisk in chicago because if they do it in englewood and close by neighborhoods they will fill a couple of semi dump trucks full of illegal guns !! the murder rate will really go down then !!

Of coarse there are going to be isolated incidents were innocent people are DETAINED. When a crime in progress is called out, officers are responding on little to no information. Officers go into these calls blind, there is usually a very brief description, ie black male with white tee and baggie blue jeans. Well, it would only stand to reason if you are dressed like the perp, you will be stopped and detained. If you want to be mad, get #$%$ off at all the minorities out there doing the crimes. You entitlement grabbers are always me, me and some more of me. Go take care of business with all of your fellow minorities that are keeping you down!

Police state

Police are assassins, killers, maggots. Eat bacon.Now I know why why there where labor camps in Germany before ww2.  These people would look just fine behind barbed wire with machine guns aimed at them,,,,boom,boom,boom, out go the lights.    HA-----HA------------HA-----------HA !!!!!!

The police should really start to be exceptionally careful with all that spy #$%$ and locater gizmos you can by online one day someone is going to get smart and put a tracking device on either a cops personnal vehicle or the Police Chiefs car and track then to there homes and all the Violence they try and keep away from there families will suddenly be in there Homes or one of ther own kids could get set up with drugs or worse remeber we live in an age where no one is safe and no one cannot be found, I bet if the NYPD got a does of it's own medicine things would change real fast. I had a cop not to long ago who kept Haressing me and my friends so I went online and found some site that sold really good spy gear like homing trackers and I found out where he lived. I had my lawyer send him a letter to stop. He got the message . Now someone else well they might have done something totaly different. That's why the days of John Wayning it are coming to an end. Do they have to lose a family memeber to start going by the book ????

Let the Lawyers police the streets ,give all the real police a 2 month paid vacation...................

Peart, pausing to collect himself, said he felt criminalized by the episode. Well you can thank your BROS for that not the police. If the majority of blacks were not stealing , rapeing, and killing people you would not have to be in this situation.

What a waste of time. Once again, I wish I could go protest all day long, but I have to work to pay my bills.

Bloomburg is such an idiot, and a relentless persuer of Nazi minded agendas.  Beware of Bloomburg.  The "Stop and Frisk" crusade is a perfect example...Such makes the NYC cops no better than in the flesh Nazi Gustopo.  Bloomburg seeks power and control, like Hitler.  He needs to beaten badly at the polls if he decides to run again for public office.

Someday some stop-and-frisk victim is going to see little old Bloomberg sitting on a beach somewhere, and it's going to be like a concentration camp survivor spotting a former guard. He's gonna end up frisked himself, probably right into the hospital. I can't wait to read that article.

Civil rights? We don't need no stinkin civil rights. This is america baby.Love being stopped by the gestapo-err police- for NO reason and if you resist they kill you- or leave. That about sums up the thinking here right?Oh,I forgot to mention the old tried and true-they plant a gun on you.The -now very old-justifiable homicide. Although this is getting a bit harder with all those pesky people with cell phones that record video. Damn liberal phone makers.

These chimps need to get a job,,so de dont be on de street makin de mess,,worthless waste of air.

Overthrow military rule.