Thosands of people are in the same predicament! Does that mean we should expect them to go on a killing spree? He obviously had enough money to buy a gun &amp; bullets. So he charged them, so what? He still had no reason to take the lives of others!

If you are in a position like that, why not at least give robbing a big bank a shot (pun intended). What would you have to lose? Worst case scenerio is you get 3 hots and a cot for the next 20 years. It's the ones that rob 8 or 10 small ones that finally get popped getting greedy.

Man, why can't these guys just kill themselves first, THEN go on a rampage.

This is sad and scary to think that there could be millions more in the same situation like him.... the longer this economy drags the more this will happen....

More than a few people in this situation these days.

Did the gunman know the men he murdered?

His history is unimportant. He had no future as far as he was concerned.

Yeah, when you have absolutely nothing to lose, why not go out in a blaze of glory? You have to figure that most down and outers are mad at the world, hate most people, blame everyone but themselves for their misfortunes so, sure, why not off some of those you hate before you go?  As we continue to overpopulate this planet of ours, you can expect to see more and more people who snap and then go for the gusto, as they see it.

Being that I know first hand about being blacklisted from life, you might want to look in to that angle, but even if that was the case the people will never know, will they?

so - if I'm poor, I can go out &amp; kill people???"He was just charging up his credit cards and not paying the bills."That is the way our government operates.

When people have nothing to lose, they lose it. Duh..........

Yet another lunatic in a blue state goes on a rampage. Those new, restrictive gun laws seem to be working really well, dont they??

Next it will be a vengful lover who snaps. So take guns from the poor, and scorned lovers.Soon that list will be as long as your leg. If you ever yelled at anyone, you have an anger problem and will not be allowed to own a firearm...   It will never stop...

Wasn't it joe biden that said to get yourself a shotgun and blast off a few rounds?

No money? No job? Maxed-out credit cards? Sounds like the Obama economy in action!

There is a bigger picture no one is talking about. Taking Joe Biden's advice, this lunatic chose a shotgun.But what really made this whole episode strange was that the FBI got involved in a simple shooting. Why the Fed's? The Local Police, County Sheriff's, SWAT and the NYS Police were not good enough.The Fed's instead of waiting out this cornered killer or shooting in some tear gas sent in an FBI dog which was promptly shot and killed but this lune. By executing the dog who is seen as a law enforcement officer, the FBI now has just cause to unloaded with extreme prejudice on the suspect.Am I glad, there will not be a trial and this lune is gone, yes, but the way it was done and by who is alarming. The Feds are now involved in local shootings and have no problem sacrificing their own dogs, sad and disturbing.

Hey all you people wanting guns outlawed , move to New York,there outlawed their,ya see how safe it is their.this world is full of mental sickness.To bad the guns get the wrap.

barber shop in Mohawk ?

Er...getting a new wardrobe every year and donating his oldest clothes is a hallmark symptom of........what?running out of cigarettes and not being able find them because they are hidden will make you do things like that

We stand today at the precipice of economic ruin. While President Obama, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke, and statist economists would have you believe the economy is recovering slowly, the reality is startling.You should be worried. This is our future.

Looks like he took Joe Biden's advice on shotguns. Since this guy is dead I wonder if we can charge Biden with the murders for handing out obviously bad advice. Whatever it takes to be rid of this dangerous old fool.

4 dead is not a "rampage".  These days that is a run-of-the-mill shooting.   Its time to raise the bar on this stuff.

Another lunatic liberal

"Suspect in NY shooting rampage penniless" So, tell us again, how well do Gun Bans work, I forget what they told us about that?

his finances?...they're trying to figure out his finances?...lmao..."da, nothing to see here, move on people, da"---here, let me help...american is in decline and fall...when people lose everything, including hope---they will do desperate and dangerous and tragic things...no hope = no reason to continue.

Why didn't he pawn the gun for some $$?

NO...it spontaneously ignited so he decided to go shooting.

He had enough to buy bullets though.Yea , so , whats that got to do with murder ?

Sounds like half of America right now and we aren't all going around shooting folks.

Hope and faith in money will always let you down!

I owe AMEX a lot so I suppose it's time to go shoot some neighbors.

Where is Obama when you need him?

So he used a shotgun just like Biden suggested!!  That worked out well, huh, Joe?If he had used an AR-15 to kill the same people, do you think this would have been the 15th story on Yahoo or the 1st?

The 47% strikes again.  Dependency kills.

Now everyone who is out of work and in debt are possible mass murderers? I don't even own a gun.

How many laws did he obey when commiting this crime?  None?  Shocking.  Doesn't sound like a registered gun owner to me, sounds like a CRIMINAL.

He still should have put the gun to his head first. No he had to make sure strangers suffer for him being a complete loser.once again it has nothing to do with guns.  our politicians need to wake the #$%$ up.  this is just the tip of the iceberg.  but they know it and know they can't fix it.  so lets just take everyones guns

Winter must have taken it toll on some people, then again I thought where we at we are much colder than NY, u.s

Great. Now they'll be after our shotguns!

Another nut with a gun.

Goes to show that not allowing carried conceal leaves citizens stuck helpless to protect them selves

I knew he had to be Caucasian. Black people have been living like this for hundreds of years and we never went on any killing rampage because we're broke. I'm just saying.

By the way folks, this story is being told to you by the media and NYPD. That doesn't mean it's true. There could be other motives as well that police might not want the general public to know about.

Well, Joe Blow did tell us all to get a shotgun.  Way to go, Joe!

That doesn't excuse anyone for killing!You were all born helpless. You surely didn't go out destroying lives just to survive!I guess, in some people, adulthood and old age do not gain them knowledge and wisdom (see anti-marijuana bigots for other examples of corrupt adults).

if you wanna kill yourself then do just that... kill YOURSELF, dont take no one else with you. and in this case why didnt he try taking the governments money by tryna rob a bank, if it doesnt work.. coulda went out with suicide by cop.And no mental stability apparently either. Maybe there was a clear reason he had no job or lost the ones he did have. Nutcases always seem to think going out and blasting away is the solution to their issues. That is why they are nutcases. And of course, that is why they are able to buy guns. There is no "nutcase" check in place when they fill out the gun application. You can be plenty whacko and never have been in a mental ward. How about a mandated psychiatric exam for every gun buyer prior to them being allowed to own one. One that they have to pay for. If they fail, no gun for you. And then have them re tested every 6 months. Trouble in life got your thinking all messed up now? Oh well, time to take that gun away.

People have too much time on their hands, and are stressed out with no jobs and no money. Why is anyone surprised? This is why terrorism is so prevalent in the Middle East; no jobs, and no money, and so people will do anything because they would be better off dead anyway and have nothing to lose. It will be just like that here if they don't start doing something about the job situation. Screw healthcare and global warming, we need jobs.

Looks like 5 deaths can be attributed to President Obama and the Democrats...  No job, no money and credit cards maxed out can be laid right at this Administrations feet !!!!

Yup, stripped of everything he had worked decades to accumulate sent him over the edge. The greedy-doers are taking everything they can from everyone they can.

So basically, he was just a slave to debt. That is how this country works.

He apparently had enough money to buy a gun though.

Probably went off the deep end because of being denied the help that he needed.  White folks are at the bottom of the food chain when it comes to hand-outs.

Really?  They're still searching for a motive or reason?  ..."he had no money, no job and was maxed out on his credit cards."" Timothy Blaise said Myers, who was killed by police the next day, had no money and carried a heavy debt load on several credit cards."  "It almost looks like that's what he was living off of," Blaise said. (almost?) "He was just charging up his credit cards and not paying the bills."Question: Is it me or does anyone else see a reason this guy went postal?  Maybe it's desperation and suicide by cops?

BLAME THE BANKS !

This may be hard for politicians in New Your to grasp but maybe he was flippin crazy!!!He was penniless but felt he needed a gun and ammo more than a roof over his head and food.

Go ahead, liberals, blame it all on the gun.

sounds about right... quite frequently inner city ghetto blacks who are broke and penniless go on robbing/killing sprees in order to get more money. But those stories (which happen thousands of times daily) never are mentioned by Yahoo "news"

It's all Obama's fault and it is going to get worse until we get a conservative Republican in office

Next they will ban poor people

Hope! and Change!

would you have prefered he jumped out a window and killed 4 people when he landed on them? Sick is sick, desperate is desperate, when cornered, fight or flight. Its in ALL of us!

DESPAIR  is causing many to say EFF it and just snap.. we had better get our jobs back in America so people at least will feel a little HOPE...

If all the homeless and penniless people go on shooting sprees, well, that would take care of the homeless problem, and create more job openings.WIN-WIN !!!

Good to see those gun control laws at work in New York. Blumbug should be proud.What shooting rampage? Gov #$%$ made NY safe for hte sheeple of his state.Didn't he?

How do you say it or how NRA say it? Guns do not kill people. People kill people.

This is what the gun control folks want. Defenseless citizens and victims, all of us. Those gun control laws protect us good don't they?I understand the gun control folks want a safer world. But the guns are not going away. The more you take from law abiding citizens, the more opportunities you make for any crazy or just plain mean people to prey on the innocent. A gun free zone is nothing more than a feel good myth.There were no police, no armed bystanders, no one to stop this madman. This is the future you want for us all?

This is just the tip of the iceberg as to whats coming. Everybody out of a job and broke, no money, food stamps, freebies for people who worked all their adult lives. Just take care of all the freeloaders who vote to keep their paycheck in office....better duck....it's coming soon to a town near you!

Well some people pi$$ed in his cornflakes that morning

No excuse to do this but the headline is probably the reason. When people are backed into a corner they lash out, sometimes very disturbingly.

His last job was 2006--That's BUSH'S FAULT

Why does someone this unstable have a gun?

Oh the joy of HOPE and CHANGE  that puts everyone's best foot FORWARD!

All gun owners are responsible until they snap.Once a again a liberal state with strict gun laws has gun violence. Leave our guns alone and enhance back round checks, and enforce the laws to the he max so these nuts don't get guns!!! I'm sick of it!!!

Maybe he would have had some money if he didn't get a new wardrobe every year.

New American motto: "Our guns make killin' fun!"

He did follow Biden's advice, he had a shotgun.

if people desire to kill, steal and destroy they're going to kill, steal and destroy and no gun laws are going to stop them from killing, stealing and destroying. California is a land with wicked rulers and laws, they passed hardcore gun laws a total Obama worshipper went on a rampage against cops. Chicago, New York both pro Obamanation states have had several shootings and are highly regulated. These wicked rulers will use this as an excuse to pass more anti constitutional  laws, as they refuse to hear the need for them to repent.

And yet he was still able to get a gun somehow, next they will try to pass a law that imposes restrictions on guns unless you have $10,000 in the bank.

More shootings like this need to happen. Keep #$%$ with the poor, they have nothing else to lose.

HEY AP if he was a member of the NRA you would have made that the headline so why not tell us what party he voted for ha ha ha? Because you know damn well he is a democrat and thats why you won't disclose it.

First of all, live within your current means, or 15% below that, if you can.I cannot understand how this man, whose last known job was in 2006, and supposedly had no money to pay his bills was able to hang onto those cards?  Though he could have been borrowing from one to pay the other, then borrowed from the one he just paid on to payback the latter, I do not see any possible way he could keep the game going for several years, and still pay rent, buy food, and get a new wardrobe every year.Yes, times are rough for tens of millions across the nation, and recovery is a long way in getting here.  But that is no excuse to go kill.I also believe there has to be more to this story, which we may never know.  Somewhere between the barbershop in Mohawk, and car care business in neighboring Herkimer, may lie other details why Myers chose to act as he did. yet, again, whatever they may be, killing was not the answer.I was surprised to read that he followed Biden's recommendation and used a shotgun, instead of an "assault rifle," just that he forgot to shoot up "into the air."

Gabby Giffords shooting in Arizona, Newtown shooting, Aurora movie theatre massacre, the Florida college student, this guy in upstate New York... What is going ON? What does it all MEAN?Funny how they left out the part about his boyfriend recently leaving him.

Ok as if thats a excuse? Its not! Hell right now I have nine dollars to my name until Friday. But going out and shooting everybody isn't going to solve a damn thing. Its life DEAL WITH IT! I'm sorry dude but your kindergarten teacher lied to you and no life isn't always fair.

I live like this myself. I have worked same job for 15 years and make less than the day I started job due to the fact of cut hours. I have maxed out cards and paid them off. I have done this several times. Now I am maxed slow paying on most and well getting tired of it.

What no racist comments.

he was trying to get there food stamps an the obama phone

Why is he still referred to as a "suspect"? Are there other "suspects"?

Obama and liberals are causing this

Another "responsible" gun owner, I presume.

So welfare AND gun control are not working in NY.... Hmmm makes you wonder what the politicians are doing.. outlawing soda &amp; loud ear buds, hiding tobacco, stealing rights of the working class.

He was a year short of 65, when he'd be eligible for Social Security and Medicare and had no job/no income. If he was applying for Soc Sec Disability (not SSI), he had to have an income of zero - ZERO - for at least six months, probably nine months to a year, before the Disability would clear. I had the same thing, only I was 48 with Parkinson's Disease. I had to go nine months with zero income, and I did it by maxing out the credit cards I had when I was earning a  decent income before I got sick. It's the stupidest thing - if you have enough work history to qualify for full disability, you have to have an income of nothing and wait through at least a couple of denials before they approve you. If, on the other hand, you haven't worked enough in your lifetime - or at all - you can qualify for SSI immediately - no waiting period, no denials, nada.  The difference is that SSI only pays about $400 a month and full disability is based on the income you've earned over all the quarters you worked, so you get at least twice what you get on SSI. Of course, on SSI, you're also eligible for state help - meaning food stamps, full health/counseling/physical therapy etc medical care and medicines, subsidized housing, discounted phone charges, breaks on utility payments - everything under the sun. In the long run, full disability is probably better, but I'm not certain of that at all. When you turn 65 you get Medicare and Social Security which is the same as full disability in dollar amount. I thought I'd lose my mind before I finally was cleared for disability. It's okay if you have someone else paying your rent and covering your expenses, but just try to live on no income at all for six to nine months. Just try it before you get too snotty about someone living on maxed-out credit cards at the age of 64.  He had to have had a decent work history and credit history in order to have those credit cards in the first place. And no, it's not the same situation at all when you're young and healthy and able to work or when your Mom or Dad or partner will help with the bills. It's really not.He should have just shot himself, though - no reason to take others with him.

Oh, and just for the record - I worked full time for 31 years, sometimes two jobs at once, and never took one red cent from any "welfare" agency. Every dime I earned I paid taxes on, including social security taxes, and I paid my bills on time. I had one child and raised her with child support of $50 a month, finally raised to $100 a month when she was 14, which was hardly enough to keep her in Kotex. I had a good job and planned to work until I was probably about 70 when I was hit with Parkinson's and knocked to the ground. Thank God my daughter was raised and gone from home. She helped a tiny bit during that nine months, but couldn't afford much help since she was raising her own daughter then. We were not takers, by any means.

RIP all. Gun violence in the U.S. How could he afford a shotgun? and shells?  Let's tax ammo as we do cigarettes.  That may be unfair to those, like my father, who hunt  squirrels for the supper table. Paying high tax on one .22 shell per squirrel is not likely to keep anyone from going hungry.

Thanks NRA

Don,t worry NY passed the Safe ACT,we will all be safe now'''Yeah Right;;;;;

should have sold his guns -- NRA claims they are priceless

Mohawk,  New, York..reserve land. Spent many days in my childhood their. He should have asked the Indian people around how they manage with little money, no jobs, bad schools, casino #$%$....like prostitues, drug addicts,and theives lurking, alcoholism. You Barter, Share, and cling to family. You know your Hope does not come from Washington and you find purpose in life outside of false idols and inanimate things. Tainoti!

Why waste time, money and man hours on tracing this idiots history back 50 years??? He went on a spree, got killed, was broke, end of story. typical government waste and then they wonder why the country is in the shape it is!

64 year old penniless. With "a couch, a television, a dresser, a kitchen table and a bed.".  YOU STUPID DEMOCRAT, you should've planned for your retirement better.  Notice us upper-crust in the GOP don't have to worry about such trivialities.

He didn't like the new HOPE &amp; CHANGE anymore I guess. How's it working for the rest of you broke, living on credit liberals? Perfect example of a liberal spending others money and not worried about paying it back , just live on credit LOL. Wish he would have made his choices differently but hind sight is 20/20#whitefolks

can't ban crazy

Talk about being close to home. I was born there, had alot of relatives in Mohawk, and alot of cool summer time memories. Went to college there too. I left because there was no jobs or a way to make a living playing music, but it was my roots. My sister still lives there. it was weird to see the police standoff in Herkimer, and see a window which I once looked out when I was ninteen. The economy really is hard there but I miss alot of people. So sad. Was hoping to meet my soulmate there.

Hope &amp; Change...I'm hoping for some shotgun shells...to change my bad thoughts for good ones. ------- Joe Biden   "Let off a few rounds." "That will scare-em"

That is really sad that the guy was penniless with only an apartment, a car, a new wardrobe of clothes every year, traveling between New Hampshire and New York, a gun and ammunition.

Im just curious.  How many people would he have killed if his first targets had a ccw?

I feel sorry for this poor man.  sad

I guess Cuomo finally got to him???

Aww that poor man. Where can I donate 1000 for him

with all these shootings it looks like the Unibomber and Jeffery dawmner live again!obviously he was controlled by aliens, as so many have been, in the war over the planet earth and who will rule it in the millennia to come..........

It's time to repeal the 2nd Amendment.  We have no choice.

So much for being the superior man.

Just expressing his Second Amendment rights people, come on! Just ask the NRA.

Seriously, this is a good example of the folly of gun control.  We live in a free country and there is always going to be evil out there which no law or politician can prevent.

Was it a double-barrel shotgun??  It's the VP's fault.

Blaise said authorities are looking into Myers' history all the way back to high school and are asking anyone with information on him to call police.Why!  For someone to payoff the credit card debt?

Had guns but didn't pay his debts...typical.What will it be next week...only the gun nuts know for sure.

Those kooky Republicans.

Guns and Americans:The carnage will continue until we prevent whackos from obtaining guns. We need to stop the American carnage. In the civilized world we stand alone as morons on the gun issue.Figures. He spent all his money on guns and amo. Repeal the second amendment NOW!

let's see, was he a white male? they do like to shoot people! hahahaha