Great......The U.S. gave them a pass and said they were to big to prosicute..Just a fine and not one bank officer went to jail or even has been accused..What a joke.

Most of the South American money laundered is from either drug dealers or crooked politicians -- just like in the Middle East.

Off to devil's island with these old, low life, blood sucking, think they're above the commonman, decrepit #$%$ CEO's.

HSBC is a very flawed institution.  They have been found guilty of similar tactics in the U.S..  I have a suggestion.  Pull all their licenses to do business in the U.S..  Let them go back to England to do business.  Bad bunch of people who only know how to issue statements that they didn't mean to break the laws.  BUT THEY DID. Oust them.

the problem is that all the big bankers even in the u.s. are all in cahoots with each other ! so how many here are doing the same for the wealthy and just hasn't gotten caught yet ! funny were broke but they aren't ! total corruption and greed everywhere !

A side note here, Britain plays tough on the Falklands and Argentina will get even any way they can. Be forewarned.

Just you know, most banks do help launder money and evade taxes, though some unwittingly but most do.  It's when they get caught and they quit making a profit from those accounts that the denials by the bank execs begin.

Argentina is a pile of you know what.....

Time to nationalize HBSC's assets just like YPF and the railroad  Now watch the increase in rhetoric on the Falklands... got to keep the people distracted so they don't realize just how deep in the pile of #$%$ they are.  same story as Jay Carney only he doesn't carry a gun in public...

The brother black once again give the whitey banks a free pass ... Trumps $5m bet is safeHSBC, a criminal enterprise for sure!

The Argentine government calling others corrupt, now thats a laugh!

This is the same bank "our" govt would not prosecute because they were to big and people would lose their jobs, sound familiar?

HSBC did not give us the Malvinas.   that is all this is about!

A full service bank. They will help you steal the money. They will help you launder it. If it's a legal profit. They will hide it from the taxman. Taxes are for "little people" not for the elite.

Mitt Romney evaded and evades paying taxes and nothing done about. it.

The Brits are laundering money!I'm not surprised, knowing them as Pirates!Comments?

If crime didn't pay so well, they wouldn't be involved in it.

Is this news?  Don't they pull these antics all day long.  Good grief.

Oh boy, where have I seen this movie before? Maybe Argentina will actually have balls and dismantle this bank, seize the assets and imprison the banksters running that joke of a crooked operation.Breaking the back of these criminals would be the opposite of the USA's pathetic display of kowtowing to the HSBC bank and letting them get away with a small fine laundering nearly $1 billion of drug cartel money. Any one of us is caught laundering $100K and we'd be broken and imprisoned for a long time. WHY NOT THE HSBC?glenn beck is a bonified punk panty wearing wonna be news reporter. I bet he slept with hismother until he was grown. In the words of Mr Dan Akroyd... who is responsible for creatingthis Obama devil look alike ( glenn beck and the history channel ) this is an outrage, let meat them, i'll tar and feather those scalawags

Same thing they did in Mexico and elsewere, wonder why aren't these bankers in Jail?

Umm is this not old news? Didn't the United States accuse them of the same thing several weeks ago?

These bankers MUST GO TO JAIL !!!! or SHOOT THEM !!!

Bankers don't go to jail for money laundering for drug dealers. Wells Fargo made a fortune that way and when caught paid a few million dollar fine(they made 600 million) with the stipulation . We do not admit any wrongdoing.

That's one way to get the Falkland Islands back. Throw the Queen of England in jail. I wouldn't make her grandsons mad. They might come after you. I know you have a new Pope,but lighten up.

Just Argentina behaving poorly because nobody wants to give them the Falkland Islands. Sad.

Mitt Romney could be involved....evading taxes.

Do you mean that HSBC is not laundering money? Or that it has been doing it for years but Argentina is just mentioning it because of the Falklands?

Drug laundering through the banks as our cops are picking up users and small time punks selling drugs! It oils the court system, pays for the massive prison system, lawyers love it also so they can plea bargain! About time some of the biggies in the DEA and Federal Government get nailed for big time dealing!This bank is way up on the central banking food chain.  The Red Shield likes this.

Evading taxes...sounds like Mitt Romney involved.

uh, listen very carefully: if you believe the current Argentine government is an honest and legitimate operation, you, my friend, need to get your head examined. This so-called band of crooks, let by their chief witch, are a corrupt band of the worst kind of thieves...they steal using the power of the courts, and their little gang of leftist thugs become disgustingly wealthy...much like the Clintonistas of American thuggery infamy.

The Banks of Great Britain are weak, this reflects their desperation for money .I can´t wait to see how London is blazed by riots again!

wow!!whats this world coming too???corruption is worldwide haha

Sir Francis Drake

The problem with criminal enterprises being found out about, politician number one says, we will pass a law saying these bad folks can't see your records! Politician two says, we can even pass laws so they can never ever ask you for records, but you need pay me in my offshore account more than you did politician one!

It sure would be nice to know how many of our politicians are getting rich through laundered drug money? The last eighty years has been corrupt. Odd, but they still have the wit and seem able to turn races, religions and sexes against each other to stay in power! Both parties are dirty and are blending us into a world government.

Elizabeth Warren,senator from Mass., asked our Justice Dept. to file charges against HSBC for laundering drug money! Justice Dept, or injustice dept said they were to big to mess with! I guess Holder and all the ins do not want to lose thier share of drug money! Seems like speeders, no inspection sticker, bald tires are the serious, punishable crimes!

Morron Brits after kicking Argentinas #$%$ on the falklands, they think they can groap Argentinas #$%$ and everything be honkydory.An example of British honesty.

HSBC board has a Risk Committee but no Compliance Committee.

Why spend money on compliance when all you need to do is say you "support all efforts of governments and regulators to detect unlawful activity" and leave the work up to the governments!  Hey, they get caught, they can blame it on previous management, pay a fine and walk away.  If they don't get caught, they make a lot of money.  They certainly did their cost benefit analysis. Take away their license to operate and see how fast they would react after they loose a couple of countries worth of business.

LOLOL...Argentina owes almost every G20 country in the world. They are #$%$ at Britain because of the Faukland scenario and they have one of the most corrupt gov't on the world. Corruption is rampant ....clean your own house before claiming others need cleaning...

Wow interesting timing on this particular discovery by Argentina. Don't get me wrong banks operating in S. America are capable of all sorts of malfeasance but funny they go after a British institution. What's it been a whole week since the Falklands resolution?

It's the bad guys taking advantage of the bank and the sytem. The article  is about ompliance and people taking advantage of the Bank. This can happen at any bank and guarding against it is very difficult especially if you have an insider that is helping the bad guys circumvent the rules. Its like blaming the convience store when it gets robed.Big money causes greed

"great britain " has been committing  these crimes for centuries!The first Chinese anti-opium edict was issued in 1729, enacting severe penalties on the sale of opium and the opening of opium-smoking divans. Similar laws were enacted in 1796 and 1800, but opium importation continued to increase. British merchants brought opium from the British East India Company's factories in Patna and Benares,[2] in the Bengal Presidency of British India, to the coast of China, where they sold for a good profit.With the drain of silver and the growing number of the people becoming victims of the drug, the Daoguang Emperor demanded action. Officials at the court, who advocated legalization of the trade in order to tax it, were defeated by those who advocated suppression. In 1838, the Emperor sent Lin Zexu to Guangzhou, where he quickly arrested Chinese opium dealers and summarily demanded that foreign firms turn over their stocks. When they refused, Lin stopped trade altogether and placed the foreign residents under virtual siege, eventually forcing the merchants to surrender their opium to be destroyed.

Dont take it so seriously, that tax chief Echegaray is an ultra corrupt guy from the government, he says who can buy dollars, the problem is he buys all the dollars without problem and his tiny fortune became huge in just a 2 year span including houses in Punta del Este and so on.