Good work, Kill all the terrorists before they can move on to yet another country,

Why horrible?  It's the foreign western funded mercenaries killing and displacing the Syrians.  The Syrian people are fighting to the death "for" Assad. You don't really believe all our US press propaganda, did you?  It's all semantics. rhetoric, and blatant lies.  Really, believe Yahoo?  ROFLMAO.........

So Al Qaeda terrorists ARE crossing into Syria from Lebanon, eh? We're finally getting a taste of the truth after media outlets being in a state of denial for so long.

Syria playing to win. no free zones.

The Syrian Army could have killed half the total foreign insurgent terrorists (our US press calls "rebels"), and the US press would have reported "no casualities".  We don't know what the truth is here in the US, never do with NO press credibility.  So some pilots just thought they would waste some missiles and fire them into an uninhabited area...huh? The US press needs foreign mental help to cure their delusions, thinking we believe a word of propaganda they regurgitate.  This twoparagraph piece of garbage doesn't even havw an author listed on mine.  Reuters... intenslely professional...LMFAO.

where is the lebanon outrage and complaint to the UN?

It would be nice if the liberal media stopped calling terrorists, "rebels".10% of the Syrian population are Christians and most of the citizens support President Assad as he is trying to keep them safe from slaughter at the hands of Sunni FSA terrorists (aka "the rebels"). I guess it's no surprise that the liberal media and the liberals in the U.S. love the "rebels" so much, since they are slaughtering the peaceful Christians (and any muslims who don't join them).

No UN out cry what a double standard. If this were Israel striking terrorists who were targeting civilians their would be an emergency meeting of the security counsel. Wow whats wrong with this picture. Its time for Assad to use his chemical weapons lets see what is said when it all over.

who cares

Has anyone else questioned as to why this is called a Syrian uprising?  Cause I could have sworn that it is probably a full scale war by now!

not every country sits around and shakes their finger like a mad parent.....like we dowhy should they, syria did the same during the iraq war. they let the rebels hide there and cross back into iraq. shoes on the other foot now and they dont like getting it back in there face.

The latest game is the foreign insurgents engaging the Syrian Army by Syria's borders, then fleeing across, hoping the Syrian army will follow... for Syria to be accused of escalating this into a regional conflict and the UN puppet demanding Assad must go.  Assad's not biting, and the Syrian citizens are laying down their lives to keep their country from being taken over by yet another western CIA coup. All “opposition" governments involved now realize that after all the "insane" terrorism and murders inflicted by their foreign insurgent mercenaries, this will never be over.

They just fish for anything to try and make "news" out of it.

"muslims" got to love them! slaughtering each other and no one muslim country stands up and says stop in the name of allah !  depending if your a sonnyshitsorturds !

How can Syrian militants violate the sovereignty of their own country?  Kind of gives you an idea of the government's mindset.  All they want is everything for themselves and for those who are "governed" to fall in line.  Let them kill each other off.  And while they are at it, maybe they could fire a few of those missiles into the Hezbollah establishments in Southern Lebanon.  Looks like Beirut may be in for another re-building project.  Contractors there must be richer than Hugo Chavez.

With Assad's credibility al but gone, he has no qualms about attacking other countries or otherwise trying to defelect attention fromhis increasingly desperate situation.

One man's Al Qaeda terrorist is another man's freedom fighter. I feel sorry for the Syrian people.

had Syria not rolled o ver for Iran, Assad would still have a nation. Butwith the Shia pressing the Sunni across the Arab world, had Assad stayed with Arabs and not Persians, Arabs would be ssisting h i m.ow Iraan and hezbollah go down. Good riddance

Screw Syria if you ask me. that is not a good reason to attack another country. Lebanon is just trying to stay out of this war.

Keep it up Syria,don't let them get away.alright this spread this thing

Just imagine how many Syrian's would still be alive if Obama and the West never supporter the Islamist Terrorists he so loving call "Rebels" to begin with!

Bravo - Muslim Brotherhood at work.

Assad should head for his bunker with his Eva Braun.

Nothing is said when the yahoood grab an older man and beat him, or pepper spray a woman within inches of her eyes?  How about kicking poople out of their homes on un-announced visits by knocking doors down and making them leave?  The US is ok with this... the US does not care about the Palestinean people.

Hezbollah fighting al-quida is like Dracula fighting Frankenstein I hope they both loose

The "rebels" are Al-Qaeda terrorists. I wonder why the US supports them in Syria and bombs them in Pakistan.

The russian need to arm the Syrian with more devastating bombs. We need to killed as many sunni as possible before they become another Osama terrorist.

Just reading the majority of comments posted and comparing to a year ago, one can realize that our new generation is well awake and not easy to be manipulated by corrupted media propaganda.They were trying to fool us to believe these Al-quada terrorists are rebels fighting for freedom but the fact is out there and any minority, Druz, Christian, Kurd, Alawite, secular or even Sunni and they tell you about the stone-age society these terrorist envision for Syria.No American tax for the Al-Quada!

Those MIG's wont get close to the Turkey border, The Lebanese are less likely to retaliate with air power. Turkey wont hesitate- F-16's make for a fight!And we're off. There's a war brewing in the middle east. And the steeping is almost complete. Good luck and god-allah bless.

American politicians say they care about Syrians. They are as believable as klansmen saying they care about non-whites.

Oops,now they are saying that They missed the target and blew up Nassarallah's hole where he is living  by mistake

Arab and western MAFIAS keep calling armed gangs from Libya and Iraq CIVILIANS they must really thik we are stupid .

Must have been firing at Hezbollah personnel. Oh. Wait. I forgot that THOSE guys are welcomed by Assad. My mistake.

good, maybe they will kill Hizbollah with these strikes

Summary: Syria is trying to kill civilians simply for evacuating just to survive.

Just you wait for the very funders of these Islamist thugs (NATO) to condemn the Syrians move yet double standards don't apply when Israel attacked targets in Syria. When Syria tries to prevent terrorists from across the border, its violent &amp; inhumane but when Israel does it, its just for national security.The US, French &amp; British governments need a painful lesson..these warmongers!

For a moment try imagining Israel going to war with an Arab country and killing seventy thousand of its inhabitants. Can you hear the outrage from the Muslim world.? The loss of life goes on day after day after day. Where is the outrage.? It seems Muslim life has no value except when it is caused by Israel.

I support Assad get those rebel terrorist destroy all Islam. Blow up the dome on the rock it doesn't belong in Israel Mohammed is in hell I have a picture of Mohammed to wipe withGooooo Assad!!!

Take down their air force now.

Islam is a false satanic religion. That needs to be eradicated destroyed death to all Islam

Now the warmongering Iranian aggressors are bombing Lebanon too !!! Iran is like a rabid dog with bloody froth on its muzzle and going around to kill !!!!سوريا الحرة

God bless Assad use the gas on them sobs.

Give them hell Assad.. Do the world a favoe.. termiante these ugly filthy long beards Whabbies

Kill the terror rebels

My heart bleeds for all the innocence that is being taken by a man(monster) who craves power and his Iranian/Hizb masters ! Iran will pay a very heavy price for sending weapons and personnel so they can murder innocent Muslims in Syria !Free Suriaسوريا الحرة

Assad's fantasy world is rapidly coming to an end, with Hezbollah soon to follow. Lebanon was once free from these thugs and will soon be again.

These dirty GENOCIDAL Iranian warmongers just gave another 3 BILLION dollars worth of rockets, bombs and mortars to their rabid dog Assad so he can kill another 110000 innocent Syrians !NO MORE INNOCENT BLOOD FOR IRANIAN IMPERIALISM AND HEGEMONY !!!!!!!!!!سوريا الحرةyeah-im sure a strongly worded condemnation letter of words is gonna help-right world?

The liberation of Syria and Lebanon from genocidal Iranian OCCUPATION is coming real soon ! Insha'Allah !سوريا الحرة

like rats,they ran to safety across the border!!--and the west tried to made a big story out of it!!

hhmmmmmmmmmmm

The NWO moving forward several countries at a time. US presidents change, treason stays the same, and the media deceives the not so bright.

Saudis would not allow the existance of a single Christian church on their soil, but there are many Christian churches inside Syria.....and guess what? The United States government is a strong supporter of Saudi Arabia. Now what's wrong with that picture?!!!

So Al Qaeda terrorists ARE crossing into Syria from Lebanon, eh? We're finally getting a taste of the truth after media outlets being in a state of denial for so long.gary, 16 mins agoYour hizbollah Iranian terrorists are in Lebanon allready !! No state of denial here !!

This would be easy to end - a few bunker bombs on the Palace would probably work.

if the world gets lucky all them filthy muslam country's will get it on and kill each other off

Time for a "No Fly Zone" over Syria?I bet the bombs and the rockets that are killing all these innocent Syrians have " Made in Iran" stenciled on them !Iran: Your day of qiamat is coming real soon ! Be afraid of the innocent lives-over 110000 now- that you have taken in your imperialist quest !سوريا الحرة

Dirty Iranian OCCUPIERS leave our Syria !!!!! We don't want to be a colony of your filthy Iran !!سوريا الحرة

Any one opposing the dictator with his life and possessions is welcome in Lebanon.

Oh no!! Not the Bekaa Valley, if you know your religious predictions, this is the valley of Armageddon, blood as deep as a horse..........shaping up to come true.........with all these religious psychos in place, it could happen..........now if we could just draw those little runt bullies from N.Korea over there, it would solve a lot of problems.....

Bashar the Butcher is a wounded animal lashing out at his own people and his former allies. The rebels will put you out of your misery soon...

Compare to Saudi king, Assad is a harmless boy scout.

These movies like "The Fall of Olympus" R actually signs and mesages of whts 2 come", Citizens take a real good look at whts going on...defense cuts at a time whr our troops are engaging in combat are being left W sticks and rocks to throw at the the enemy".  We hav conflict in our back yard within America and at our borders...Obama not helping none restricting guns".  Very Concerned American Citizen...

This is what happens when Obama funds Al Nusra/Al Qaeda.  It's a buffet for islamo-communists.

EXTERMINATE ALL MUSLIMS. BAN ISLAM WORLDWIDE.

And the world looks on knowing Syria has always hated Lebanon and wanted to invade....Good work, Kill all the terrorists before they can move on to yet another country,Orland, 1 hr agoWell , you moved from Syria to another country , does that make you a terririst ?

The Americans bomb Pakistan to get at the al Qaeda ,why not Syria? Americans can't point fingers,as they will look  more hypocritical than they already are.

So what??

No amount of killing that can stop the words Allah from prevailing, one day the Jews has no hiding place on earth this is a prophecy.

I hate that they never list what kind of jets in these stories.  What, nobody knows?  #$%$  Stupid hack AP writers.

These dirty GENOCIDAL Iranian warmongers just gave another 3 BILLION dollars worth of rockets, bombs and mortars to their rabid dog Assad so he can kill another 110000 innocent Syrians !NO MORE INNOCENT BLOOD FOR IRANIAN IMPERIALISM AND HEGEMONY !!!!!!!!!!سوريا الحرة

Simple solution to Syria, kill this manuike sharmootah Assad and his entire thugs , problem solved !!

LOL at syria saying that the rebels target syria civilians. what a coward lie.

According to Istanbul's police chief, Syrian rebels and Turkish police have apparently worked together to capture a man suspected of killing a New York woman, Sarai Sierra, in Istanbul.

Lebanon will be in this mess soon,Assad needs this to happen! He needs to get the whole Middle East involved in his mess! It's his only way out,start a war that involves every country around him!Islam is a false satanic religion. That needs to be eradicated destroyed death to all IslamJerry, 57 mins agoYou must be one of the catholic Christian priests victim !! Hitler the Christian catholic gazed 6000.000 millions Jews

thank God the F-35 is a complete mess. sometimes, you gotta hand those thieving defense contractors a rose. because when they mess up, they mess up big. missile shield. probably already reached its prime. ha, ha, ha. and all our soldiers are gay. ha, ha, ha. you can have that money. and even if you give it all to israel, they don't have a chance in hell. because no one will fight this war for them or for you. for all you recent settlers in israel, better say your prayers because you are going on the front line. the elite that have been there, say since the eighties and nineties, they have moved. you might could catch them visibly packing right now. or you can check the airlines and ships. i doubt they have a way to go by car. then you will know who you are going to die for.

It would be nice if the liberal media stopped calling terrorists, "rebels". 10% of the Syrian population are Christians and most of the citizens support President Assad as he is trying to keep them safe from slaughter at the hands of Sunni FSA terrorists (aka "the rebels"). I guess it's no surprise that the liberal media and the liberals in the U.S. love the "rebels" so much, since they are slaughtering the peaceful Christians (and any muslims who don't join them).Cahal the Mad©, 38 mins agoThe Christian Syrian are living in Syria way way before the alawit terrorists hijacked Syria from the native Sunnis , they were living in ever lasting peace before these alawits sharmootah took over !! Take a hike , please

Enduring America keeps updates on military and other developments in Syria in its Syria LIve section.   Even when the mods are busy, sub posters contribute a great deal of material not easy to find without a great deal of scouting on the internet.  It also has special sections on Iran and the Middle East in general.

We need a BIG war NOW. It's so BORING without one. We just need an exit plan and we will be SET

The russian need to arm the Syrian with more devastating bombs. We need to killed as many sunni as possible before they become another Osama terrorist.50 cents brigade, 44 mins agoWowo , you really are a first class terrorist !!

Oh I see, the syrian army has had to go pick up their illegal weapons from Iran themselves, and those pesky rebels screwed your plan..... ah ha ha ha , yeah.... your gonna last in Syria a long time....

another black day for al-qaeda terrorists. Keep in up Assad. eliminate all the dogs from Syria. don't give a damn about what western media misleading western people.

You would think that Syria would be used to terrorists using their borders,I wonder if its the same crossing they use to supply other terrorist groups.

religions is old play.GOOOO ASSAD!

Syria Regime was losing and desperate