As a non-catholic - I am very happy for my Christian brothers and sisters.

OY ?

Is it possible for Reuters to write an article about the Catholic Church without using the phrase scandal plagued.

Great to see Patriarch Bartholomew there. I hope the church split of 1054, between Catholic and Orthodox, will soon just be a temporary division lost in past history. There should be only one apostolic church again.

May God bless and lead the Pope of the Catholic Church and all our Christian leaders!

Actually, it's an "installment", not an inauguration.

How can Mugabe get to the Vatican?  Doesn't he have to land in Italy, an EU country?

The mere fact that ... in his first few days ... he mentions 'MATERIALISM" and "FORGIVENESS".  Aren't those 2 things ... what causes all the turmoil world widewith all the people from every country?

Long live this man of God.Guide us to a more Holy life.

"the pope has urged people to be more merciful and not to be so quick to condemn the failings of others."  When "the failings of others" involves pedophilia, I will never stop condemning them.  I think it's time for Catholics to stand up and demand that this new pope clean up their religion and prosecute the men who have raped children!

Hopefully Pope Francis will be more concerned with protecting the abused within the Catholic church more so  than the organization and will be willing to crush the nuts of pedophile priests and those that protect them.Other stories call it "installation".....?

It's not that previous Popes love glamour, or any other silly reason the media (who knows very little about the Catholic Church) are proposing.  Popes are not elected Pope for the "luxuries".  The Pope is the Vicar of Christ, and he is elected to be a spiritual leader for the over a billion Catholics, and anyone who wants to follow Jesus Christ.  John Paul II and Benedict XVI were both very humble men, one loved to be sociable and tried to bring the Gospel around the world and meet everyone, the other, a scholar, was a rather shy and quiet man who had his own particular style, as every Pope does.  I resent the implication that our former wonderful Popes had any interest at all in glamor.  They clearly did NOT.  As the head of the Roman Catholic Church, they have a responsibility to give to Jesus the best, show the best, use the best materials, etc.  There is a time for elegance, tradition, beauty, and that is the Holy Mass.  It is not a time to skimp and cut corners.  That our new Pope, Pope Francis, has a new and different style does not make him a "better" Pope than our previous Popes.  It is just different.  We have been blessed with excellent men who were fantastic examples of holy lives devoted to God.

This new pope is kinda spunky...im not religous and could care less...but the past three popes were hard to watch sometimes....but this new pope looks like hes gonna put some roller skates on under his pope dress.  That would be so crazy.

When not sure what to wear, it is better to be underdressed than overdressed.  When your people are starving, pageantry is out of fashion.

Jesus started a loving humble church and when he left this earth he told his followers to tell about his second coming

Lots of nice hope and change PR. Lets give it some time and see if its real.

Let's give the man his chance. Everyone deserves at least one.

Prior to Pope Francis, the mass would end with the Latin phrase "Tutti Homini"-God bless mankind. This Pope was made aware of a perceived prejudice in this phrase by both women's and gay rights groups and now closes with "Tutti Homini, Tutti Femini, et Tutti Fruiti".

Biden and Pelosi are Heretics of the Roman Catholic Church and deserve excommunication!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

They used to call the ceremony the "coronation" of the pope. Things seem to be changing for the better already under Francis' supervision.I was surprised to read that Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew from Istanbul is attending this Mass. Doubly surprised, in fact, because I am greek orthodox christian.

God Bless the Pope.

What a good ceremony. Wishing it was not so late, as need to go to bed now. Excited about Pope Francis. He seems to have a warmth that is more personable than some. May God bless him and help him to bless the people of this world...

Benedict wasn't modest enough for the Reuters headline writer? Furthermore, the "more modest" pope is not being "inaugurated". How does someone get a job as a headline writer at Reuters, Yahoo, AP? The headline and the story rarely match.

"...except a man be born again, he cannot see the Kingdom of God." -Jesus

Pray for Francis. He seems to be an outstanding man to lead our Church. Pray that he can overcome centuries ofdoctrine that is the root of the Church's problems today.

Compare the humility of Pope Francis I, a newly elected leader of over a billion, who bows before his followers and asks for their prayers versus our self-absorbed president who acts like a king and has been a total failure in every respect and is more concerned about a legacy of promoting same-sex marriage, double-digit unemployment and a record number of Americans on food stamps.

Papa has a little too much faith.

A little song to celebrate the arrival of the Pope is due here.  It is sung to the tune of the Pepsi Cola jingle which was popular years ago:  Christianity hits the spot.  Twelve disciples that's a lot. Jesus Christ and the virgin too.  Christianity is the thing for you.

Biden the great Catholic pro abortion 1.21 million per year pro Gay marriage HIV. The pope should excommunicate him from the church, then him and Obama can attend their muslim mosques together. Quote "Biden is as dumb as an ashtray" by someone who knows him personally.They've been trying to sell that "renewal" #$%$ since the 1960's.  It was garbage then and it is old garbage half a century later.

"a post that was modeled after a Renaissance monarchy". This is the height of ignorance. That is like saying Washington modeled his presidency after Lincoln.

They're ordering take out?

Destined for greatness?  Pope Francis I seems to have the qualifications and I pray the world listens.

potpourri!

Isn’t it disingenuous to call the pope humble? It’s essentially an oxymoron — a humble pope.

WOW ! The pope / Catholic haters are out in force this AM.It is lent &amp; I forgive you &amp; will pray for you.AND, You can't stop me !!

I'll give $100 to the first person who can find a news article having anything to do with Catholics or Catholicism that doesn't mention pedo priests.

Hurry Tickets are still available on E-bay!

I take no bodies hope, because: No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don’t want to die to get there. Death is a destination we all share. No one ever escaped it. And that is what it should be, because death is the one single invention of life. It is life’s change agent. It clears out the old to give way for the new.For those of you who don't give a damn about the pope's tours, let it be known that your uncle Bob will try very hard to drink one beer in every bar in Msnila this coming Saturday night. Wish me luck but if I don't survive it, plaese see that mom gets my dog tags.

My triangles always have so many snakes around, someone call pest control.

Where did they install it, oh wait let me guess.

FR. JALIC'S own words in The New York Times 3/15/13. 'Starting in 1957 I lived in Buenos Aires. In the year 1974, moved by an inner wish to live the gospel and to draw attention to the terrible poverty, and with the permission of Archbishop Aramburu and the then-Provincial Fr. Jorge Mario Bergoglio I moved together with a confrere into a “Favela,” one of the city’s slums. From there we continued our teaching at the university.In the civil-war-like situation back then, the military junta killed roughly 30,000 people within one to two years, leftist guerrillas as well as innocent civilians. The two of us in the slum had contact neither with the junta nor with the guerrillas. Partly due to the lack of information and through targeted misinformation our situation was also misunderstood within the church. At this time we lost our connection to one of our lay coworkers who had joined the guerrillas. After he was taken prisoner nine months later by the soldiers of the junta and questioned, they learned that he had been connected with us. Under the assumption that we also had something to do with the guerrillas we were arrested. After five days of interrogation the officer who led the questioning dismissed us with the words, “Fathers, you were not guilty. I will ensure that you can return to the poor district.” In spite of this pledge, we were then inexplicably held in custody, blindfolded and bound, for five months. I cannot comment on the role of Fr. Bergoglio in these events.After we were freed I left Argentina. Only years later did we have the chance to discuss what had happened with Fr. Bergoglio, who in the meantime had been named archbishop of Buenos Aires. Afterwards we together celebrated a public mass and solemnly embraced. I am reconciled to the events and view them from my side as concluded.I wish Pope Francis God’s rich blessing for his office.'

Death deniers are one pathetic bunch of fools. The laws of nature are real, magic is not. Get a grip you dishonest cowards.

I am very impressed with the new Pope. I am not Catholic but alternated going to the Catholic Church every other week with my best friend so I learned a lot about the church and I liked it. Pope Francis seems to be genuine, sincere, humble, loving, gracious, unpretentious and I could go on and on with accolades for him. I study people's eyes and I look at his eyes and I see nothing but goodness, kindness and love. He is a gift from God at a time that the church and the whole world really needs him.  I feel more promise for many things now and I haven't felt like that in the last 4 years. God Bless Pope Francis and please, God, bless him and take care of him for this world who so desperately needs a good person such as he.Thank you for bringing him to do this job.  Amen.

Simple is definitely better for the religious.

What?  No A listers?  At least they have Obama.

Are they getting Beyonce to lip-sync some hymns?

The Catholic Church has much to be deeply criticized for, and I don't begrudge anyone calling attention to those faults; they should. But to those who speak so hatefully and dismissively about this, the largest and most influential institution that has ever or will ever exist, please be aware that more human good is done in this world every day in the name of the Catholic Church than any government, corporation or human rights organization will EVER accomplish. Public education and institutional health care as know them in this "greatest" and most "non-religious" nation were essentially founded by Catholics. You have NO idea what you are talking about. The Church may be deeply flawed, but people by the billions still find God there, and it still calls people to be better than they could be on their own. Long may the Holy Spirit run the show!Sounds like they're planning to reunify, as primacy is the largest sticking point in the schism.

Pope Paul VI ended papal coronation. Didn't want it. He gave the gold crown and his limousine to Mother Teresa. She sold them and used the money for her missions to the poor.

Standard Catholic bashers and hate groups on here again!  Same ole group!

Gonna take a bunch of stuff out of the vows to save time, huh?  Good idea, you don't want to agree to too much here...

I'll believe that he's a source of ANYTHING positive (other than human oppression and the fostering of absurd arrogant lies about a Creator no human can begin to understand) if he does something to rein in the SINGLE CAUSE OF POVERTY: the people who believe it's okay to exploit others for their labor, so that a small group might get rich.

Things that Joe Biden was overheard saying to the pope:"Hey dude, what's your favorite flavor of Capri Sun? Mine's Pacific Cooler.""Did you catch the last episode of Vampire Diaries?""Do you think the real Rapture will be as cool as that Blondie song?""You've GOT to see this video of my cat, Mr. Snuggleupapuss, playing the piano!""What place around here has the best nachos?""Where can I get one of those helmets that the Swiss Guard wears? Those things are cool.""Whatever happened to that Roberto Benigni guy? Is he still around?"

VP Joe Biden?  Couldn't Obama take time off from playing golf to see the Pope?  Oh, yea he doesn't believe in the Christian theology and supports gay rights.  Oh, yea I forgot, Biden said if he didn't go he wouldn't go to Heaven.  What?  He doesn't support anything the Pope and the Church stands for...

"Hope of Pope". Hope for change Obama knows best. Take his blessings.

God bless Pope Francis.

Obama has some Greek Columns and 5 tons of confetti left over from his 2008 coronation if the Pope needs them. Sorry Pope,  but Moochele has digs on Air Force Two for all of 2013-2016.Two characteristics that have vexed the Catholic Church throughout history have been AUTHORITARIANISM and SECRECY, and both certainly had much to do with its trouble with the sexual abuse scandal still playing itself out.This sentence suggest that he may make the Catholic Church less authoritarian:"In the six days since his election, he has referred to himself only as Bishop of Rome, the position from which his authority flows, and hinted he plans to reduce Vatican centralism and govern in consultation with other bishops."It should also contribute to some dissipation of SECRECY.

A serious question....I always thought this was called a consecration not inauguration. Is it? Information requested, not insults and attacks or abuse, please.

Something tells me he'd rather skip the commotion in favor of a simple Mass and visiting with ordinary people in Vatican Square. Looks like those days are over.

Long live Papa Francis!PRAISE BE JESUS MI IMMACULATA

The hatred, venom and lies for anything Catholic never seems to abate. Oh Liberals and progressives, (AKA robotic Democrats) where are your tolerances and acceptance of others who have different believes than you? Absent the hatred and lies, are the tolerances and acceptances not applicable to Catholics?  Must be. Remember the 1st amendment. Better yet, remember the 2nd Amendment, that guarantees the other amendments.

I hope the service will include the traditional prayer for the perfidious Jews.

Why when I turned on my local news, all I see is this guy talkin' in tongues?  REALLY?!!  Not interested.  Give me my freakin' news, weather, &amp; traffic!

Black smoke rose from my toaster this morning... a new Pope-Tart has been chosen

The pope thinks he's so clever and classless and free. It's really quite disgusting.

Jesus said Hed send us the Holy Spirit as our comforter, and that He would lead us to all truth and remind us of everything He taught us..He never said He would send a pope and Peter was a form of alittle rock , Jesus is the Rock of the church and the cap stone not Peter!Jesus said Hed send us the Holy Spirit as our comforter, and that He would lead us to all truth and remind us of everything He taught us..He never said He would send a pope and Peter was a form of alittle rock , Jesus is the Rock of the church and the cap stone not Peter!

The Vaticans Bank will have money lenders on hand for all of the foreign governments too!

Why do you heathens come out with these ridicoulous comments?  Because you are all being used by the evil one.  or your jealous...one or the other.

I'd love to be the pope. I just don't think I could handle all the child's play it takes to get there.

Just note that the "change" won't be what the lovers of the culture of death want. The Pope is - surprise! - Catholic, and hence defends the poorest and weakest among us, which includes the unborn.  Change is not going to include killing the innocent (including the elderly) for our own expedience, nor does he support the destruction of the family.

The lies that he enabled the Argentine dictatorship were shoved out immediately by his extremely corrupt political enemies. The Guardian published the BS, then had to retract it as Nobel Prize Winners, one of the kidnapped priests himself, and many, MANY others pointed out that it was 100% FALSE. But of course, once a lie gets out there, it is almost impossible to pull back. This is precisely what the liar counts on. And see, here it is, after having been UTTERLY DISPROVED, in a Yahoo article (though at least the left-wing Guardian had the integrity to retract the story). Why am I not surprised?

Will all the gay priests, bishops and cardinals be invited??????????

What kind of vehicle was used news media please answer ?

I have visited the Vatican twice.Never again.

What does a more simpler form mean of the Mass used by Pope Francis  than the more Baroque form used by Pope Benedict since Francis coronation is a carbon copy of Benedict's coronation 8 or 9 years ago !Bullet proof because if the news media can remember there was an attempted assassination of Pope John Paul II and also of Pope Benedict more than once.Can the vague news media please answer my questions since they are making sensationalist accusations !I don't understand Argentinian president seeks help from the NEW POPE regarding the Falkland issue.The people of Falkland VOTED during the referendum in favor of British Rule.Honor the voice of the people.

So glad I'm not supporting this organization any longer.  What a joke.  Idolizing one man like this.  Child molestation issues never really addressed.  Conservative estimates 40% of priest are homosexual.  Just a big joke.

So-called "Catholics" ie Joe and Nancy are an insult to the USA!

First Jesuit to be the Pope is interestingly awesome.

Darn if you do and darn it you don't. What don't you just wait and see if it is just a PR stunt or he gives to the poor  instead of just stealing from them like your Protestant scammers.

"There is only ONE Mediator between God and man, the Man, Christ Jesus".We can go directly to God for confession of sin and Salvation.The Pope is unnecessay.He is man's invention.

And President Cristina Fernandez is a moron for putting the Pope in the spot about Falklands.

You all do realize...He Francis can't get you any closer to your god than the guy sitting next to you in the pew  and if you can't run your life according to the bible like you think you should him telling you too isn't gonna make it happen.. Life is about choices made by YOU.......

I want the new ope to take his security a little more serious. There's too many God hating leftists running around to be safe.

I suppose I could wait for Pope Francis to come the USA and then go see him but that may take years so If the mountain won't come to Mohammed then Mohammed must go to the mountain. Us Catholics can do that but all Pope's must stay off British Soil because it is an Excommunicated "wreck". Brits have to use the old Cloak and Dagger way of getting to Rome because of them being ostracized as Lackeys. Good luck with that. ROFLMAO. King Henry VIII made Brit mums embarrassed for eternity.Petros Ramonus? I wonder because he now calls himself the "Bishop of Rome" and he chose the keys of Peter as the symbol of his ring..

According to U.S Department of Justice, Catholic priests represents 2% of all clerics child molesters that are in prisons in the U.S. 98% of clerics child molesters are Protestants.

Poor people can still help those much poorer and practice charity

The next pedophile in charge. #$%$ the Pope and don't give me that invisible man in the sky #$%$.

It will end up being 3 hours long if not more once it takes place. Big question how and the hell can the news media state it will be simpler when it has not even taken place yet ?

When did the Catholic Church begin inaugurating the new Pope?

Sooo...what's he gonna do? Declare war on Islam?

God Bless Our Pope.

And the sheep line up to be sheared.

The leader of 1.2 B people is spending 2M. Yet "Vote for Change" Qbama's inauguration was 160 million the first time around.  And by the way that was an out-of-pocket cost not including cost of military personnel posted in and around DC and not counting continuous additional Air Force flights over the same area..  What' wrong with this picture.Thank God that an American wasn't selected as the Pope.........

Lot of jewcy comments here...

Only $2 million instead of $3 million?

And in local, pertinent news, A Santeria priest in Miami today will publically sacrifice a chicken.  ;-)

A papal fool parading in front of a group of sheep.

I like the part when the idiots play make believe cannibalism and pretend to eat the body and drink the blood of the bronze age con artist they worship. Evolution has left these superstitious fools behind.

The pope shows the horns of a lamb, pretends to be the vicar of Christ upon earth, and so to be vested with His power and authority; but his speech betrays him, for he gives forth those false doctrines and cruel decrees which show him to belong to the dragon, and not to the lamb.

Lol. Angry libtards are more angry than musliim extremists

Maybe he can put the gay's back in the closet where they belong!!!

Lets hope the Pope invites Obama and the new Chinese dictator.  Surely one of the Communists would attend?The Pope's invitation to world's leaders is to in-light them with peace .

Revd Ian Paisley wil be holiding a solemn High Mass on Sunday Morning next at 11am in the Martyrs Memorial Church on the Ravenhill Road Belfast to celebrate pope Francis I, the first Jesuit pope's in the hisotry of the Church. The Revd Ivan Foster will hear confessions next Saturday afternoon from 3pm to 6pm in the Martys Memorial followed by bendiction with exposition of the blessed sacrament. Local Members of the Sandy Row Legion of Mary's flute band will hold a guard of hounour as the monstrance is brought around to bless the Brethren in the Sandy Row area.

New leader, same old cult

NOT LIKE OBAMA,,,, SPEND SPEND SPEND

There's something funny going on in the catholic church if a jesuit was elected as pope by the conclave . As a jesuit , Jorge Bergoglio remains subordinate to Adolfo Nicolás , the black pope . Why don't some competent journalists get to work on that story ?

Ho--humm politics and show business at its best!

party hats, whistles and a cake , sounds fun eh?

No it's not possible to write a article about Catholic Church leaders without using the words Scandal........You can' tell everyone one of those old fart Cardinals right down to the new pope ... didn't know about the pedophiles among them....none of them have the right to be the pope... none of them.... They just keep appointing those who never did a d...thing about it for decades........He can put on the I love the people face and run around kissing babies all he wants he is just as guilty.....

Will the Vatican Banksters be lending out money?

Don't worry Argentina, our Dictator, Barack Obama, supports you in your challenge over the Falklands.Don't worry Argentina, our Dictator, Barack Obama, supports you in your challenge over the Falklands.

Bend the rules?? The Vatican is NOT part of the European Union law just like the US, the Swiss  Britts and many other countries around the world.  Why do Reuters writers ad opinion to stories??

Do the money lenders at the Vatican Bank get the day off to attend?

Just the "Novus Ordo", the False Church of Vatican II

Pope Francis just may be THE most widely appreciated and loved pope of the centuries...I really RESPECT him when I hear that he is a "people's pope", that he is not afraid of the common man, woman and child...he doesn't favor the hype and pomp, but rather typical "down to earth" person.....He JUST may change the world abit!  this coming from a buddhist. May the Lord Bless you Pope Francis!

Break out the wine, cheese and dancing school boys.

You are scared spitless that he's going to speak his mind about your bestial persecution of the Palestinians, Zionistas de mierda.

There's a reason each priest/minister calls his segregation his :"Flock".  They are the ones he is responsible for "Shearing" them regularly.  It's a "Business".  Why can't people see that?

Attention all posters: A yellow badge on your name may mean you are GAY.  Please seek medical advice as soon as possible!

The pope is a politician - nothing more.The pope is a politician - nothing more.

Perhaps, but the Aztec Gold remains.

I swear... literally anyone could've been chosen to be pope - Jesus, Ghandi, etc., and still the criticism and conspiracy theories would run rampant... Is the RC Church perfect? Of course not! But darned if this new pope isn't worthy of a chance... he's done very little to suggest that he's anything other than an excellent man and leader, so if you have your criticisms about "Guess what he did during junta this and that", then stop, chill out, ask yourself what the heck you would've done in his situation, and then reflect on how much worse things would've ended up if you were in his shoes... He's human, he's not perfect, but he's been doing an exemplary job in the short time that he's been elected; give him a break.

1 BILLION  FOOLS  living still in the dark ages !  think any man has the speed dial to god  think again !  did the greek gods or any gods from the past present ever show 1 little detail of  EXISTANCE !  NOPE !    dream on !

A MORE MODEST POPE......than WHO?What a jerk to say that!  What a jerk!!

May GOD bless the Catholic world.

If he's so keen on being modest, why doesn't he go and ship himself off and live in a shack in Bangladesh or something?

Strong smell of pastrami in the comments of you mud slingers...

As to the 'scandal ridden church'-keep this in mind-the WORLD is Scandal ridden-abuse of children and women and men is a world wide problem. And no one is concerned about any of it except the 'clergy' abuse thing-so who are they protecting?THe RCC has done a better job of ending these abuses in the last 20 years than any other institution-public(esp., schools), private, religious, or otherwise.No one else can say that.Thank God Im Catholic!

How is this inauguration any different than a president of a country?  Jesus was never inaugurated.  The problem is, the Catholic's idolize their Pope.  Maybe if you saw him in blue jeans, you might recognize him as a servant of God!God Bless Pope Francis!!!!

Well if he doesn't clean out the pedophiles from the church... at least their is plenty of money in the vatican bank! Pedophiles and money lenders, Hail Rome!

I feel this actually was a fairly good article covering the Pope's installation by the secular press.  You all are getting better at this.  I look forward to THIS pope being treated much more fairly in the future.  Again, good article.

As a Catholic Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe deserves the same respect as all.

Screw me Father for I have sinned. Nice bling your sporting.  The Pope is a criminal in a house of thieves.

as said all religions cant be correct leads logic to say  THEY ARE ALL MAN MADE FANTASIES !  BET ON THAT !

Personally, I believe the robes and outfits they wear is what most people are awed by. Take away the gowns and you can't tell one holy man from the next.

Pope should be careful, there are still some nuts out there like Mehmet Ali Agca who shot and wounded Pope John Paul II. This is a high office that requires being secured.....he can no longer be simple as to wade into crowds! He is the President of the largest population in the world.

People need to love god and not religion!

Ah, I already miss poor Pope Benedict! He was not only a pious and humble man but with his red shoes, mozzetta and other papal clothing, showed the beauty and pageantry of the Church's rich and ancient Tradition. Pope Benedict had style and grace and his Latin was eloquent and beautiful. I fear that Pope Francis abandon all of this with his focus on appeasing the secular world with sackcloth, simplified services and the use of the vernacular.Hope Biden keeps his mouth closed, and won't stick his foot in it again !

Church/State(European) When a (legal presidency)is installed you have a inauguration,same here.This is the inauguration of the 'church/state'-reviving the 'holy roman empire.

Ephisians 4:4 One Lord, One Faith, One Baptism! It says nothing in the Bible about a pope or man made doctrines.

The fact that the new Pope loves the poor and hates contraception is a great formula for more poor and more children to exploit.

A lot of hate filled (and hateful) people commenting tonight.

mugaby is a criminal wanted for trial for crimes against humanity ?how come he is welcomed by the vatican &amp; the new pope ?

PR stunts do not equal modesty.These guys know how to run the system.  They've been controlling it for thousands of years.(I'm a Catholic.  I reject the papal authority and anyone who pretends like gay marriage is a bigger deal than molesting children, because Jesus did not talk about gays, but he did talk about causing children to stumble).

this guy has washed the feet of aids patients, turned down a limo ride, instead taking a mini van, he vows to clean up the church of rome, it appears he is everything to everyone, so he must be the answer to all of our problems. but wait, does he really intend to clean up the church of rome or does he intend to clean up the image of the church of rome....i suspect the latter.

'Pope' is latin for Poppa. So when someone asks you, "who is your daddy?"You say "Poppa Franny is my daddy!"

I do not understand the fascination everyone has with the simpler style this Pope has, we are a church of tradition.  The pope is Peter and on this Rock I will build my church.  However, lately everyone seems like they want us to apologize for being Catholic and be ashamed of being Catholic.  Why does the Pope and the ceremonies of the inauguration of the Pope, he is not a politician but a the leader the Catholic Church.  Why are we changing all of these traditions that have occurred over thousands of years sounds like we are trying to please the public instead of God.  God institute the institution and coronation of the Pope, yet now it seems like the office is being diminished or leveled out.  Kind of like the Presidency in this country everyone is on equal playing field.  That is not how it is the Pontiff is the supreme leader of  the church.  I do not have a problem with that or the Holy Father or presenting himself in a manner that he represents the head of the church.  People are losing their faith and getting a Holy Father that may be popular but does not teach or enforce the laws of the church will not be helpful.  Please do not water down the office of the Pope we are already having problems in the church because of Vatican II and I am tired of people telling me it was not implemented correctly.  If it was not implemented correctly than that means it did not have a clear objective.  The Holy Father needs to go back to the Church before Vatican II he needs to return back to the Pope and that office as it was before Vatican II.  Everyone can you not see that is why so many are losing their faith because they were not taught correctly under Vatican II and the mass does not keep your attention in most places because of all the distractions that occur.  We need to return to a mass that is quiet reverent and adores Jesus in the Eucharist a mass that is prayed.  Women cannot be altar servers, or ever become priests.  The church is built on men serving because that is how Jesus established it and that is how it needs to stay, but under Vatican II it misleads women into believing they can be priests by letting them serve on the altar as altar servers.  The idea of being an altar boy was to encourage young men to be priests, but all of that has been devalued now.  Why be a priest because of all the action by lay people allowed by Vatican II, lay people often want to tell the priest what to do.  There are lay married deacons that only undermines and discourages the priesthood, some deacons I have observed want to virtually take over the mass from priests.  You have lay women active in the church again asserting their authority and trying to run the church to benefit them.  We sincerely need to go back to  Pre-Vatican II and hopefully this Pope Frances will realize the damage Vatican II had done to our church.   Where the Latin traditional mass is offered the attendance numbers are high.  In my church we had a very traditional priests who made you love mass honored its traditions, had alter boys served the mass himself no married deacons that church was packed.  This father was alone in a large parish and did benediction every Tuesday, he prayed the rosary with the parish, he had benediction in Latin, he sang the Gloria in Latin, Angus Dei, Sanctos, Benediction Hymns in Latin.  He had several masses through the week and on weekends.  He said prayers before like the Angelus, invocations, had first Friday Mass to the Sacred Heart, First Saturday Mass to Our Lady, had novenas, had Tenebrae holy Thursday.  Every mass that priest had was packed with both old and young, every devotion was full.  It was amazing that is what Catholics want and need the Universal One Holy Apostolic Catholic Church in my humble opinion.I do not understand the fascination everyone has with the simpler style this Pope has, we are a church of tradition.  The pope is Peter and on this Rock I will build my church.  However, lately everyone seems like they want us to apologize for being Catholic and be ashamed of being Catholic.  Why does the Pope and the ceremonies of the inauguration of the Pope, he is not a politician but a the leader the Catholic Church.  Why are we changing all of these traditions that have occurred over thousands of years sounds like we are trying to please the public instead of God.  God institute the institution and coronation of the Pope, yet now it seems like the office is being diminished or leveled out.  Kind of like the Presidency in this country everyone is on equal playing field.  That is not how it is the Pontiff is the supreme leader of  the church.  I do not have a problem with that or the Holy Father or presenting himself in a manner that he represents the head of the church.  People are losing their faith and getting a Holy Father that may be popular but does not teach or enforce the laws of the church will not be helpful.  Please do not water down the office of the Pope we are already having problems in the church because of Vatican II and I am tired of people telling me it was not implemented correctly.  If it was not implemented correctly than that means it did not have a clear objective.  The Holy Father needs to go back to the Church before Vatican II he needs to return back to the Pope and that office as it was before Vatican II.  Everyone can you not see that is why so many are losing their faith because they were not taught correctly under Vatican II and the mass does not keep your attention in most places because of all the distractions that occur.  We need to return to a mass that is quiet reverent and adores Jesus in the Eucharist a mass that is prayed.  Women cannot be altar servers, or ever become priests.  The church is built on men serving because that is how Jesus established it and that is how it needs to stay, but under Vatican II it misleads women into believing they can be priests by letting them serve on the altar as altar servers.  The idea of being an altar boy was to encourage young men to be priests, but all of that has been devalued now.  Why be a priest because of all the action by lay people allowed by Vatican II, lay people often want to tell the priest what to do.  There are lay married deacons that only undermines and discourages the priesthood, some deacons I have observed want to virtually take over the mass from priests.  You have lay women active in the church again asserting their authority and trying to run the church to benefit them.  We sincerely need to go back to  Pre-Vatican II and hopefully this Pope Frances will realize the damage Vatican II had done to our church.   Where the Latin traditional mass is offered the attendance numbers are high.  In my church we had a very traditional priests who made you love mass honored its traditions, had alter boys served the mass himself no married deacons that church was packed.  This father was alone in a large parish and did benediction every Tuesday, he prayed the rosary with the parish, he had benediction in Latin, he sang the Gloria in Latin, Angus Dei, Sanctos, Benediction Hymns in Latin.  He had several masses through the week and on weekends.  He said prayers before like the Angelus, invocations, had first Friday Mass to the Sacred Heart, First Saturday Mass to Our Lady, had novenas, had Tenebrae holy Thursday.  Every mass that priest had was packed with both old and young, every devotion was full.  It was amazing that is what Catholics want and need the Universal One Holy Apostolic Catholic Church in my humble opinion.

Let's all wish the new Pope well and the best in his endeavors. He has a lot to do and a long road ahead of him.

Rent the movie "The shoes of the fisherman" or better read the book.

Hope for change in the Catholic church?  That's a joke.

Yay! More hope and change...

the pope of the people,that line is always used,you can kiss my hand now?

So, Pope Francis only has one lung.He may not be able to give a very powerful public address, but at least the choir boys can outrun him.

Well, good for them.Myself, I don't care to be around a bunch of smelly people.

Now we finally have a Pope that truly trusts in God; no more bullet proof glass in his Pope-mobile!

All this excitement at getting a new pope.By the look of him we'll be doing it again in 2 years.Pope Francis is an anagram for "p*e*n*i*s for cap"

Obama would make him enter the White House via the backdoor.

Bunch of gozlins around here.

I don't trust 'humble people' people who work so hard at being humble especially when the main stream media confirms it. Do you remember the bill of goods they gave us with Obama and the mostly filth they kept secret about him and his beastly parents, Stanley and Frank?

Flockers don't question, they follow.....pathetic

Golden cutlery, splendid clothes, expensive food, an enormous expenditure for organization - such a disgrace to the beliefs that these hypocrites seem to preach. A true christian leader should be among the people, not sitting on a golden throne.... S crew them!

I'm not a Roman Catholic.  But neither do I know anything about anyone who has and accepts the awesome responsibility to make the world a better place.  I certainly disagree with the new Pope on important issues. But.........who else represents an effort to make the world a better place?  Surely someone could.  But who does?  Think about it.  It's an awesome responsibility.  Would you accept it?  To whom would you rather give the responsibility, someone who has some influence.  Sure, I would be the first choice, maybe you would be the first choice, but come on..............why criticize someone new who is trying to make the world a better place?  Why not give him two weeks?

In a way it is an Innaguration because the Vatican is a sovereign nation that works inside of Rome... Comunque Evviva il Papa!!! Its too funny that other nations send their Presidents and Prime Ministers and were sending Biden instead.... Shame shame... Vergognatevi washington!

This is the greatest distraction ever. Why would they hire the poorest, smallest guy to be pope? Because its like handing you a baby puppy and youre all like "Awwww!!!" So you forget everything that was wrong before. The hushed up rape and molestation that happened world wide. Are you falling for it?

The first and the last of modest pope ever.If protecting pedophiles is what you think of spirituality... then you are an idiot!

Afterwards,...little boys sleepover after-party back stage.

C'mon, if I were satan, hmmm..............who would I take over? Some smuck behind a computer on yahoo.........or a sovereign king of enourmous wealth with a multitude of servants. And what better way to hide than a humble, poor priest.

Just pray for brother francis,his life and mission to the catholic church and the world peace will be made known with time.

First Pope who wares iron cross on his chest instead of a gold one. Previous Pope, at his  installation, was wearing  a garment woven of 50 pounds of a 24 K gold. It has been  made for Polish Pope, John Paul II. Polish Pope refused to wear it. Pope Francis won't wear it either - he will sell it and give the money to the poor. God must be smiling at him in heaven.

When asked; Christ responded" No, He should ne be crowned King of the Jews". ' He said, " My Kingdom is not of the world". Why is this man, as representative of Chist accepting the WORLDLY CROWN of CHrist on EARTH ? Crowned in a Gold Crown, embellished in diamonds, rubys sapphires, emeralds ? Christ's Crown was a CROWN of Thorns. He Wore not silk, satin, gold embroidered robes. He was stripped near naked. THis is the King of your salvation ? Remember the Idol the Hebrews Imaged and worshiped in SIni ? Not The CHosen Of GOd &gt;

A much simplier inauguration is what most Catholics want and the new Pontiff  is just expressing the wish of his flocks. Pope Francis I 's simplicity is admirable .

hope he will find some women for the bent priest and keep them from fondling little boys, they should have at lease one night a week at a strip club to let off fustrations

Changes to the pomp and ceremony seem rather superficial. Only time will tell if meaningful changes will happen.

WOW 1.2 Devil Worshipers that should make Satan Happy .................Changes to the pomp and ceremony seem rather superficial. Only time will tell if meaningful changes will happen.

WOW 1.2 Devil Worshipers that should make Satan Happy .................

How much longer do we have to endure this? They've had some boring information about the Pope and Catholics on NBC news every night for two weeks. Doesn't the press know that the majority of us aren't catholic and aren't interested?

Well, Obama could learn a lesson.  Quieter, humble, low key.  Not costing millions and millions more than all the rest of the European royalty combined, I am impressed.

It amazes me how people are still fooled by this stuff.

Why exactly did Jesus tell the vicar of Christ to start a vatican bank and protect pedophiles?

My GOD bless st francis the first. And the church

Instructions of Jesus to the apostles is fulfilled "Go to the ends of the World and baptise 'In the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit' Amen.

I thought he always walked... He's already tired to be humble?... Maybe didn't know cameras were there?

The Roman Catholics, well all Catholics, give more glory and praise to their Pope, who is not the Holy Father, than they do to God, who IS the Holy Father.The term "Holy Father" is only found one time in the entire Bible. It was when Jesus prayed before He and His disciples went to the garden of Gethsemane. He referred to God the Father as Holy Father. It is blasphemy to call a man by God's name. John 17:11...If the Pope is the Holy Father now, does that mean that God is no longer the Holy Father?The Roman Catholics, well all Catholics, give more glory and praise to their Pope, who is not the Holy Father, than they do to God, who IS the Holy Father.The term "Holy Father" is only found one time in the entire Bible. It was when Jesus prayed before He and His disciples went to the garden of Gethsemane. He referred to God the Father as Holy Father. It is blasphemy to call a man by God's name. John 17:11...If the Pope is the Holy Father now, does that mean that God is no longer the Holy Father?

The real peter, the disciple of christ could not be the first pope, because back the religion was judahism and  the old peter was from israel.and they do not believe in the worship of idols, they bilieve in one god, ywh. Ceasar was the first pope of the roman catholic church.

Installment differ from inaugration in christiandom (and specifically, catholicism).

Ok, now that we have heard from the Pope, let's hear what Mickey Mouse has to say.

What the hell is a Pontiff?  Does it require a laxative before it becomes a Poop?

Did they have to bring in extra communion wine for Joe Bite Me?

wat a lozerdont belive in fairytales(religion)and certainly dont teach it to your children

God bless you Pope Francis 1.

May the Spirit of Yahweh the Compassionate Father Lead and Guide our Holy Father.

OJ IS INNOCENT TELL EVERYONE!!!What ever happened to that woman in the red dress?

The media writes as if Pope Francis was the first humble pope. Yet the exact same stories appeared about John Paul II and Benedict XVI as THEY waded into crowds, walked to events, etc. etc. etc.  in fact, almost every single person who ever met Benedict XVI referred to him as one of the most humble men they'd ever met.As for the simple clothing Francis favors ---- everyone points to the former popes' red shoes, as if they were made by some high fashion house. Nope. They were a GIFT from a cobbler who moved to Rome and opened his own shoe shop, where he was the artisan. Not some huge multimillion dollar fashion house.

may yahweh strenghten your resistance against presure,some human right are satanic tool directed against d church of christ

“National Socialist and Christian conceptions are incompatible. The Christian churches are build upon men’s ignorance; by contrast [National Socialism] rests upon scientific foundations. When we [National Socialists] speak of belief in God, we do not mean, like the naïve Christians and their spiritual exploiters, a man-like being sitting around somewhere in the universe. The force governed by natural law by which all these countless planets move in the universe, we call omnipotence or God. The assertion that this universal force can trouble itself about the destiny of each individual being, every smallest earthly bacillus, can be influenced by so-called prayers or other surprising things, depends upon a requisite dose of naivety or else upon shameless professional self-interest.”–Martin Bormann

My dearest spiritual leader Pope,I wish to use this medium to congratulate you and all the Christians all over the world for your Episcopal inauguration.God continue to favour you and bless you.Please My Pope, I wish to pray to you, to let  Africa (NIGERIA )  be the 1st nation you will visit as a Pope.Come and tell the so called leaders of Africa (NIGERIA) that they should have human sympathy on the people they are ruling,tell them to stop injustices and shedding of innocent blood. Visit the Muslim brothers and tell them  to use religion to build a bridge in our nation .We in Africa as a whole love you and supports you.God bless you.

Yahoo, do your homework. The Pope does not use the "Popemobile" within the Vatican walls. St. Peter's square is secure on occasions like this. When visiting the Vatican, wine the Pope is expecting to be visible, the area is secure and all visitors must go through metal detectors.  Unlike driving around the streets.No detraction from the new Pope but Benedict was not user glass either.

MAY the pope bless zimbabwe WITH PEACE

Ironically, at this very moment, a guy and his pregnant wife are desperately trying to find a vacant room somewhere in Rome.

There comes Francis wiz love n spiritual blessings let welcome Him wiz love n receive His Holy message.He has come 4rom the proper door n nt the window.Rich

Is the pope some kind of device ?..please learn better quality,we do not need chiness English.,i have read once a notice in a chiness shop IT reads "IF BAG GO IN WE SEARCH !"Is the pope some kind of device ?..please learn better quality,we do not need chiness English.,i have read once a notice in a chiness shop IT reads "IF BAG GO IN WE SEARCH !"

I am very happy for our new pop but i will be more happier if the church will allow the priests to get marry if he wishes

He's out in the open........someone can get a good shot off..............

The new pope should be given a free hand by those that are behind him. I understand that he even preferred to be addressed as Bishop than as a pope. He has the right to choose what he should called.May GOD protect and guide him. Amen.

The Pope needs no protection because he is only a man who is glorified by man. No value in today's godless world.

Heneghan and Reuters owes an apology to its readers printing such trash, garbage , accusations without any concrete proof or evidence. In fact the readers should law suit Reuters and Heneghan for such an article and articles that give readers the wrong, unproven, lack of evidence interpretation !

Enough of the Pope! Where's the real World news? At least the Muslims shove a pope down our throats! Why do we need a Pope anyway? The Roman Empire expired long ago! Was it God or man that created all of the lies and hatred in our world today?

mugabe should be welcomed nowhere..blessed be the new Pope Francis for he asked us to pray for him and that we will ..he said he was for the people and that is a great sign thy will be done..as it should be

Thanks to the "administrator" who is blocking what I suspect are many evil and vitriol filled comments. Truly Satan has figured out how to manipulate the blogsphere and gatekeepers like the administrator help restore decency to public comments

Kissing babies?  This guy kisses mens feet, pope or not his lips are a germ factory, keep the young away from him.MUGABE IS CATHOLIC SO HE HAS EVERY RIGHT

"stopped frequently to greet the crowd and kiss babies held up to him"parents are giving them babies now!

be careful old pope, because the old Lord is not happy with you, and He has not  a son, and He is the Boss and can do with you what He wants. On this earth you has to do with manyhotheads, who believe also in other fairy tales.

watch?v=Kk6PMkoneBg

Not a smart idea. Why take the chance? They used the bullet proof glass for a reason. Hopefully he won't do it again.

Pope francis be strong and courageous for the lord your god is with you for he shall not forsaken;for an intelligent heart aquires knowledge,and the ear of the wise seeks knowledge,For it's the well spring of wisdom in the heart of the believer,blessed be the lord who makes us welcome to come to the throne without an price,and may his gifts make room in our souls amen.

Watched film Shoes of the Fisherman yesterday starring Anthony Quinn. The similarities with the new pope are uncanny.

Any organization that does not esteem JESUS CHRIST as GOD is useless. JESUS is GOD, not jewels. So hanging 2 kilos of jewels on your neck does not signify faith. Let us all worship HIM with our hearts by faith believing. HE knows all our minds and hearts. We must be born again-MUST in order to have any meaningful relationship with GOD. JESUS is the true way-not anything else. And am not here to please any non believer.

It's okay if Pope Francis can decentralize the Vatican and vested some of his powers to bishops. It follows the modern trend in governance!

Hope in the end Francis wont be stoned for his good worksIt's okay if Pope Francis can decentralize the Vatican and vested some of his powers to bishops. It follows the modern trend in governance!

Hope in the end Francis wont be stoned for his good works

The pervert in white dress must be watched 24 hours since he is after children.

The Pope doesn't fear death. That is the reason he is not in bullet proof car.

Heneghan again writes a article full of inconsistencies, constantly stating scandal ridden to give the idea to readers that there is divisions in the church which in reality do not exist. If Heneghan is not attempting a conspiracy of inducing false ideas into the readers brain than I am a Turks #$%$. But he is doing exactly that with unproven statements with no evidence or proof. Again the pope is not having inauguration but a papal coronation.Again, Heneghan does prove he is a trouble maker attempting to create news media sensational conspiracy novels than facts and reporting the news !

muslims should be banned as they worship a false religion.

These diabolical press are trying to sound asif Benedict was a bad pope,i still feel sad at his retirement bcos he emphatically lead the church in the right direction,He knew it was Him against the world.this Pope also it is Hima against the world,its just that the world dont know that yet.long live Benedict and Francis and The Church

Whenever a new Pope is elected, he gets to choose a new name.I thought the police had stopped sex offenders from dodging the register that way.

Aren't these popes evils?After all they are associated with frauds,mafias, murders,sexual abuses etc. for hundreds of years?

First May the LORD bless the newly elected pope,long life and wisdomWhy dress up in that costume?  He reminds me of Jerry Sandusky.  Creepy.

evil left-wing loon media, Satan's representative on earth

Reuters should be sued for false reporting !

Man, it's too bad they didn't make me pope. If I were the pope I'd be wearing gold vestments encrusted with diamonds and rubies, and they'd be carrying me to my coronation in a gold, diamond encrusted throne - like the old school popes! This guy sounds like he doesn't want to be pope. Where are they getting these guys lately?

The Church's damage control project is in full swing..."Look, we dont live as lavishly anymore".."Look, the Pope is just a "regular guy" like you and he loves the poor"...Pffffffffft...They'll still be schtooping little boys in private...Just sickening

Wait &amp; see. If he wants to clean house, there will be a lot of entrenched Vatican insiders trying to stop him. He will need integrity &amp; tenacity.

The poop is a nincompope.

Are you Catholic...Tom?  IT IS NOT AN INAUGURATION ....IT IS AN INSTALLATION.  Reuters can't have a story without the anti-Catholic message of the scandal plagued church.  The media hoping that it will fail....If the church would go away what whould happen to education, healthcare and helping the poor.

Thank you Kathleen. I could not have said it better.

It's Fathers Day in Italy (That's a sign) The Last Pope quit on Feb 11 (which was Clean Monday) ... Try to understand how the Holy Spirit works you sheep!Did you know Russia has a hand in the Cyprus crisis?Just think back on the flexibility statement after re-election......

Humans can never allow themselves to be worshipped!!!  They cannot handle it !!!  It will corrupt humans every time!!!!!!

Everyone is free to celebrate what matters to them! happy installment or inauguration!!!!

That perv in a top hat and a Toga robe is going to simplify his ceremony -- everyone gets boofooed bareback.  "Thank you, Sir Frankie, may I have another...?"

American Atheists 2013 National ConventionDate: 14-06-2012 /BlairScott's pictureAuthor: BlairScott	/ Tag: Newsflash /Log in or register to post

Yahoo is in violation of my free speech under the First Amendment of the Constitution time to sue yahoo

Catch the HBO documentary Mea Maxima Culpa: Silence. The Vatican has been covering up pedophilia by thousands and thousands of priests since before 500 AD. Not to mention their obscene amassing of wealth, the subjugation of women, the persecution of scientists (Galileo), the disgusting promotion of over-population in third world countries like Mexico etc, and the ridiculous stance that a women has no control over her own body. When, in the name of all that is right and good will this antiquated evil institution go away?R

What causes diuision is not believing GOD sent HIS SON JESUS CHRIST TO DIE FOR OUR SINS

What causes diuision is not believing GOD sent HIS SON JESUS CHRIST TO DIE FOR OUR SINS

Ill bet he giggles silently to himself through the whole process.Good move. Maybe a few boys, and some wine. Catholics favorite!

This pope comes from a deadbeat backround - he grew up in the slums of the rats' nest-infested sh*thole that is Latin America - he has always been poor so they will give him a poor-man's inauguration.  Fitting.

Remember Faithful : Nowhere in Revelation, Prophesies, Scriptures or Predictions does it say how long the Beast will rule the world. Keep your faith and Fervor and pass that onto your offspring. For, TRUE in Time, the Beast shall Fall.  Succor to God and let mankind prevail for now because in the appointed time, God shall Prevail forever and vindicate your abuse.

That is wonderful!  Jesus also likes a simpler and more humble  way of doing things.

Not wasting time and money on this show would be simple enough.

how much hope has the biggest con-game on earth need.

Or maybe the Vatican is going to try get get every Christians support in America and then try and pass a national day of Worship like they did in Europe!!  In europe the Vatican passed a law that you must worship on Sunday!!!!!!  HMMMMM  the Ten Comandments state to Remember the Seventh day Sabbath not the First Day!!!!????HMMMM

Jesus never had a Vatican  inauguration !!  Maybe this is kinda evil and humans are trying to glorify themselves?????????

He's going to throw free condoms from the balcony!!

i have 100% roof the pope is a child molester..if he comes to the usa we will arrest himi have 100% roof the pope is a child molester..if he comes to the usa we will arrest him

The Vatican owns billions of dollars   Jesus never owned a dollar on earth??  How do catholics answer this question?  Jesus was approachable all hours of the day or night is the leaders of the Vatican????  Just asking??

Isnt it funny how our President Obama can't find time to be their he sure had plenty of time to campain his but off and then take a vacation. This is an important time in the Catholic Church and the Pope is a valuable asset. I guarentee you he's not going because this Pope is against gay marrage and abortion .

To Catholics, the Church is an organism (Meaning the full Body of Christ), not an organization. The Demons (pervs) who snuck into the clergy are like a cancer on the Body. Christ himself predicted this would happen. I do hope that Pope Francis will be a Good Doctor of the Church and cut out the disease.

Instead of bonking 3 choir boys he'll do one.

may God grant him wisdom and open his spiritual eyes to see, so he can take the right decision

i wish i was  at vataican for this historic event

George Bush says he speaks to god every day, and christians love him for it. If George Bush said he spoke to god through his hair dryer, they would think he was mad. I fail to see how the addition of a hair dryer makes it any more absurd.

So the Pope wants SIMPLICITY... and the morons will praise him for that... "Wow Kate Middletown's gown was so simple...", "Oh, that new Oscar best Actress is simple and down to earth." "Oh Lady Gaga is so down to earth, well so was Britney Spears an era ago". "Sarah Palin, oh she is a soccer man, like us." So the pope is trying to be like this new breed of celebrities praised for their ability to relate to the masses. Oh Kelly Clarkson and all those American Idol winners, oh they are all so simple and humble.... People are so scared to pull an EVITA, to be a dazzling rainbow high, Argentine rose of extravagance! What I mean is this: THE CHURCH is desperate to be relevant and does what British Royalty is doing GO POP, and in the process they lose the essence that kept them in power, TRADITION.

Does anyone else see the irony in a poster with the moniker "JP Morgan Chase" criticizing and making accusations against the RCC?Jesus never changes!!  In fact he states I change not!!!  Why would God change the only Commandement that states Remember?????  HMMMMMM

A 2005 lawsuit accused Jorge Bergoglio of being connected to the 1976kidnappings of two Jesuit priests, Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics. Thelawsuit was filed after the publication of Verbitsky’s book, The Silence: FromPaul VI to Bergoglio: The Secret Relations Between the Church andthe ESMA. ESMA refers to the former navy school that was turned into a detention center where people were tortured by the military dictatorship. The new pope hasdenied the charges. He twice invoked his right under Argentine law to refuse toappear in open court to testify about the allegations. When he eventually didtestify in 2010, human rights activists characterized his answers asevasive. [The two priests] They were tortured. They were interrogated. One ofthe interrogators had externally knowings about theological questions, thatinduced one of them, Orlando Yorio, to think that their own provincial,Bergoglio, had been involved in this interrogatory.

May U lead well. An never forget u serve all of humanity. Never forget where u came from. U may be poor in money but thine True treasures lay inyour heart. Go forth,rejoin,reunite, Pope Francis, I pray for you an humanity

If your in the vatican you're not modest no matter what you wear.  The pope is surrounded with gold and luxuries while others beckon to his every call.

Goole the question who changed Saturday and read for yourself!!!  Some have called this guy the pope of hope!!!!  why don't we just call Jesus our only hope and salvation!!!!

Would you pope Francis, install these truths for me:Would you please ENSURE that the 2nd of the 10 Commandments of God: Exodus 20:4 "Thou shalt NOT make unto thee ANY graven image, or any likeness of ANY thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water underneath the earth:"This should absolutely be ADHERED to! WHYare they even in the 'so called' house of God? Everyday they COMMIT these ABOMINABLE ACTS by bowing to... and asking Statues of Saints &amp; The Virgin Mary to Intercede for them! Those are Molten and Graven Images!CHRIST is the One Who DIED for our SALVATION! Christ is the ONLY Way, the Truth, and the Life, NO one goes to the Heavenly Father, EXCEPT by HIM! PERIOD! NOT through the Virgin Mary, or any Saint! And please remind him that Christ Commanded that we should NOT CHANGE one JOT or TITTLE of the LAW!Could you NOT allow his Congregation to call his priests 'Father' as a Title, which our Heavenly Father STRICTLY FORBIDS, and reserves ONLY to Himself! Please tell the pope do NOT encourage his Congregation to REVERENCE him (the pope) as God! And could he not have his congregation confess their sins to 'mere men'! When Christ died on the Cross, the Veil in the Holy of Holies was rent / torn / ripped from TOP to Bottom (Heaven to Earth) so that God's children could now go directly to Him in Prayer and Repentance, without any INTERCESSOR! We go in Jesus's Name, only to show our credentials as a Christian! It makes our Heavenly Father happy!Could you not allow their PEDOPHILE priests to be punished to the FULL extent of the LAW, (like anyone else) instead of ONLY transferring them to other parishes, where they are FREE to carry on further with their PERVERSIONS!Could you REMOVE that UPSIDE DOWN CROSS from above his seat! It has a SATANIC connotation to it! Yes, Peter may have asked to be crucified upside down, in reverence to Christ, but CHRIST is the ONE that DIED on the Cross for us, NOT Peter! So tell the pope to turn that cross the WAY it should be positioned...UPRIGHT...That is the WAY Christ was positioned! And Peter could NEVER take the place of Christ! And WHO told the Pope that he took Peter's place anyways? Peter, who was the First Bishop, would have NEVER committed any of the GROSS VIOLATIONS of God's Commandments, Instructions or Laws, the way the Catholic Archdiosese do!There are MANY more VIOLATIONS that could be mentioned here, but let these suffice for now! IF YOU are NOT for God / Christ, and NOT doing as HE instructed, then you are definitely AGAINST HIM! Thus CATHOLICISM is NOT of GOD if they continue with these EVIL Practices!Good News is...It's not too late to REPENT! Peace

I am glad the papacy is dead!It is sweet, sweet-sweet music, that they are all dead and gone.Anti-pas is dead!Satan Reigns in Heaven and on the Earth.God 666!

Madonna should have a new tour and launch it Rome... Lets see if this will be the Pope who can stop her from performing, "Don't Cry For Me Argentina" dressed as the Virgin Mary then strips to perform Like A Virgin to crowd of Catholic Italians.

i pray God lead the catholic pope to the perfect WILL OF GOD.

Thank you, Blessed Pope John Paul II for making then-Archbishop Jorge Bergoglio SJ a cardinal!i pray God lead the catholic pope to the perfect WILL OF GOD.

Thank you, Blessed Pope John Paul II for making then-Archbishop Jorge Bergoglio SJ a cardinal!

Any invitation is okay. But why invite a muslim delegation? They think they are the chosen people of God (despite all the dirty things they do) and think of Christians as infidels.

New pope needs to get to work on making changes asap ... little boys are getting raped tonight by some sick priest.  Hurry up.

Reuters. Zimbabwe is not a pariah state. Its an equal member on the world stage. Tsvangirai has destroyed people's marriages and yet you want to portray him a saint. Come on, Mugabe for real is a Catholic unlike Joe Biden whom you portray as joking about matters Catholic. Mugabe is CFR (Catholic for real), Biden in COOW (Catholic only on word) Its sickening when you mix politics and religion., Have been to Zimbabwe to authenticate you assertions, Foolish reuters!

They paid to make this news...

A 2005 lawsuit accused Jorge Bergoglio of being connected to the 1976 kidnappings of two Jesuit priests, Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics. The lawsuit was filed after the publication of Verbitsky’s book, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio: The Secret Relations Between the Church and the ESMA. ESMA refers to the former navy school that was turned into a detention center where people were tortured by the military dictatorship. The new pope has denied the charges. He twice invoked his right under Argentine law to refuse to appear in open court to testify about the allegations. When he eventually did testify in 2010, human rights activists characterized his answers as evasive.

He speaks of helping the poor, while perpetuating the Church doctrines that lead to poverty --  teaching obedience to authority, deferring justice to the next life and acceptance of oppression as "God's will", opposition to birth control, and maintaining a low status for women.

Check out 3 Angels Broad casting Network if you want Bible facts on the Vatican!!!!!!!

This is the greatest crime organization that has control over even international politicians. Most human beings are deluded and deserve what they want.This is the greatest crime organization that has control over even international politicians. Most human beings are deluded and deserve what they want.

They aren't sure yet if this one is going to stick either so they don't want to go all out yet...

"Simpler inauguration planned" for the simpletons that follow such inane drivel.

The pope is just a figure head. They, the cult, is the biggest fraud the world has ever known. Give him a chance you say? Wow the new pope is the same as the old pope. He exists merely to appease the brainwashed lemmings.

The Vatican always supports fascist, Nazi and genocidal murderers.The Vatican helped almost every one of the Nazi war criminals it could escape.Pius XII elevated Stepinac who murdered 700,000 people for the #$%$ to thecardinalate in 1952.The Vatican supported the fascist dictatorships in South America.The Vatican funded the defense of the Nuns and Priests responsible for the Rwandagenocide.The Vatican defended the Catholic Holocaust denying Priests.The Vatican defends the child rapists.The current Pope has returned Nazi Priests to the Vatican.The current Pope was a member of Hitler Youth.The Pope has just asked Chile to release the mass murders and members of thefascist death squads now in prison for their crimes.

There is a sucker "born again" every minute.

lots of ceremony-no substance. wrong guy. outdated and status quo. cannot adapt to a changing world. no contraceptives, gays and women-are you kidding. he belongs in the 18th century.

what is the benefit of this charade anyways . does anybody listen to this old fools ? ( perhaps other fools )

The simpleton Pope? How modest. When they allow birth control then I will believe they care about the poor.

Just a few altar boys to molest and grope, plenty of wine, old geezers in weird robes, all inside a walled dictator "state"  Men only.  What's not to like??The simpleton Pope? How modest. When they allow birth control then I will believe they care about the poor.

Just a few altar boys to molest and grope, plenty of wine, old geezers in weird robes, all inside a walled dictator "state"  Men only.  What's not to like??

It will be awesome if all the pomp is gone, all the costumes and full regalia is over with. If he and all the popes before him call themselves the "vicar of Christ" they forgot that Jesus never wore rich vestments, nor lived in palaces, neither had "princes of the church" behaving like Pharisees. If Pope Frances is going to make a change, it should start with the heart of all his "princes" and ask for forgiveness from ALL THOSE who their policies have hurt from time immemorial until now. Then, perhaps then, the Lord will lift them up. Otherwise, nothing but sorrow will accompany them and us. For whom the bell tolls? it tolls for thee!

(and HINTED he plans to reduce Vatican centralism and govern in consultation with other bishops.) There you go again; another completely ignorant and unsustainable speculation from Tom Heneghan - religion editor for Reuters. WHAT?  Tom: Do you even know the first thing about Apostolic authority and tradition? Do know anything about the Catholic Curch for that matter? What Planet are you getting these ideas from? I guess you don't have to know squat about one of the worlds 3 major religions, to become "Religious editor" for Reuters... This is offensive just from a journalism perspective.

As far as I can see, this pope has been making many wise decisions. Let us hope that he keeps up the good work.

Not only was Jorge Bergoglio friends with the fascist military dictators in Argentina but also with those in Chile where he studied in his youth. The man was a hard core fascist as his ultra conservative views confirm.

With all due respect I'm so sick of this story !!

A 2005 lawsuit accused Jorge Bergoglio of being connected to the 1976 kidnappings of two Jesuit priests, Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics. The lawsuit was filed after the publication of Verbitsky’s book, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio: The Secret Relations Between the Church and the ESMA. ESMA refers to the former navy school that was turned into a detention center where people were tortured by the military dictatorship. The new pope has denied the charges. He twice invoked his right under Argentine law to refuse to appear in open court to testify about the allegations. When he eventually did testify in 2010, human rights activists characterized his answers as evasive. [The two priests] They were tortured. They were interrogated. One of the interrogators had externally knowings about theological questions, that induced one of them, Orlando Yorio, to think that their own provincial, Bergoglio, had been involved in this interrogatory.

It dissappoints me quite a bit,  that the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomaeus is symbollically giving the Church of Rome his "blessing" by being the first EP to do this since 1054.  But,Bartholomew is so "ecumenical" a person,  that if he lives long enough,  he'll likely try to hand over the Orthodox Churches to Rome.  Rome broke away from the Church in 1054,  therebybecoming he first protestant church.  'nuff said.

Jesus was babtized under the water in the River of Jordan!  Why did the vatican change this to sprinkling babies with a sponge??  Much worse baptizing infants who are too young to have even sinned or make a decision to follow God??  How can you just change the Bible????Even the last Hitler Youth Pope was not involved directly with death squads and torture. The Vatican has out done itself.

Never, never, never, never, never will he be anything other than anti-pope.

"History condemns him. It shows him to be opposed to all innovation in the Church and above all, during the dictatorship, it shows he was very cozy with the military," Fortunato Mallimacci, the former dean of social sciences at the Universidad de Buenos Aires, once said.

in god we poop....

GET THE FACTSBergoglio (now Pope Francis) was involved in torture kidnapping and murder bythe fascist Junta.SOURCESThe GuardianCenter for Legal and Social Studies, an Argentine human rights organization.The magazine El SurErbitsky’s book, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio

Hmmmmm! the voice of the voiceless! Oh Jehovah, help us all! with all these grant celebrations and well-wishing, how pleased in the entire heavenly hosts and the huge crowd of witnesses around us when the Body of Christ still lies in the ruins of sheer disunity occasioned by denominationalism? I am pregnant with a big dream: there certainly comes a time when true believers in Christ will no longer be discriminated against along denominational walls and names. there must be a glorious return of glorious unity, purity and prosperity of the Body of Christ. Are you an ardent proponent of this much desired change in the Body of Christ? then contact me on +2348184764459 and let us have a united front against the division of the Body of Christ into uncountable number of quarreling factions/groups call DENOMINATIONS. Thanks and God bless you all as I expect your mails.

I wished him well, but I sense that this Pope will turn the Papacy upside down and divide the Church. Like Gorbachev did to the former Soviet Union.

Christian von Wernich, who was a former chaplain of the police department inArgentina and also later was convicted of being involved. He was convicted, andhe’s in jail, in a common jail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure ofBergoglio, hasn’t punished him, in canonical terms. He was convicted by thehuman justice, but by the church standards, he’s always a priest. And this tellssomething about Bergoglio and the Argentine church also. Christian von Wernich,who was a former chaplain of the police department in Argentina and also laterwas convicted of being involved. He was convicted, and he’s in jail, in a commonjail, but the Argentine church, during the tenure of Bergoglio, hasn’t punishedhim, in canonical terms. He was convicted by the human justice, but by thechurch standards, he’s always a priest. And this tells something about Bergoglioand the Argentine church also.

mother teresa that liitle miserable monster and the Reagan's Regalia what do they have in common?answer:scatology

The Catholic Church was complicit in horrible crimes in Argentina, Hugh O'Shaughnessy wrote in the Guardian in 2011: "Yet even the execution of other men of the cloth did nothing to shake the support of senior clerics, including representatives of the Holy See, for the criminality of their leader General Jorge Rafael Videla and his minions."Shaughnessy's indictment of the church in Argentina singles out Bergoglio:What one did not hear from any senior member of the Argentinian hierarchy was any expression of regret for the church's collaboration and in these crimes. The extent of the church's complicity in the dark deeds was excellently set out by Horacio Verbitsky, one of Argentina's most notable journalists, in his book El Silencio (Silence). He recounts how the Argentinian navy hid from a visiting delegation of the Inter-American Human Rights Commission the dictatorship's political prisoners on an island linked to senior clerics.One would have thought that the Argentinian bishops would have seized the opportunity to call for pardon for themselves and put on sackcloth and ashes as the sentences were announced in Córdoba but that has not so far happened.The Catholic Church was complicit in horrible crimes in Argentina, Hugh O'Shaughnessy wrote in the Guardian in 2011: "Yet even the execution of other men of the cloth did nothing to shake the support of senior clerics, including representatives of the Holy See, for the criminality of their leader General Jorge Rafael Videla and his minions."Shaughnessy's indictment of the church in Argentina singles out Bergoglio:What one did not hear from any senior member of the Argentinian hierarchy was any expression of regret for the church's collaboration and in these crimes. The extent of the church's complicity in the dark deeds was excellently set out by Horacio Verbitsky, one of Argentina's most notable journalists, in his book El Silencio (Silence). He recounts how the Argentinian navy hid from a visiting delegation of the Inter-American Human Rights Commission the dictatorship's political prisoners on an island linked to senior clerics.One would have thought that the Argentinian bishops would have seized the opportunity to call for pardon for themselves and put on sackcloth and ashes as the sentences were announced in Córdoba but that has not so far happened.

I want it to be so "modest" that  people have to sit on spikes. Those chairs are so comfy looking that it has to be a sin to sit and procrastinate.

If you think this total monster is "a nice man" may I respectfully suggest you read Erbitsky’s book, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio

God bless you Pope Francis........

JP is it possible that you are prejudice against the church Jesus started?

religion: the biggest fraud the world has ever known.

If you don't think this criminal was involved in torture and helping the military junta I challenge you to read the article in El Sur and the British Guardian newspaper.

Simpler inauguration planned. There are not as many Catholics putting money in the basket, and all those nasty law suits.

While Jorge Bergoglio may not have held the pliers and branding irons, he most certainly directed the men who did. He also aided the military junta in it's cover ups and public relations.

What a circus.  Pope and Poop are one in the same.KEYBOARD BROKEN?Well that will not be a problem if you answer this question correctly.Name one fascist or National Socialist government the Vatican has not supported.

Humily, benevolence and charm. A new spirit is blowing within the Catholic Church. God bless you Pope Francis.

I wish to congratulate His Holiness and may he have a long life with his service to the church in his sincere modesty! Looking forward to the news in reforming the church itself to the roots of Christianity. Wow, he had prayer at Santa Anna, I played the organ there, in 1970.

COMPLICITThe Catholic Church was complicit in horrible crimes in Argentina, Hugh O'Shaughnessy wrote in the Guardian in 2011: "Yet even the execution of other men of the cloth did nothing to shake the support of senior clerics, including representatives of the Holy See, for the criminality of their leader General Jorge Rafael Videla and his minions."

n the book of daniel god protected daniel in the lions den....but the roman lions always ate the christians[maybe christians taste better??] conclusion god protects or like s jews more. isnt religion stupid......and stupid they got rubbing the holy annointing oil on the kings of israel.....the formula in exodus,soak the oil in cannibis then rub it all over....jesus the messiah [means annointed one] was a stoner like david and solomon ...all mythical [non historical] figures like moses thor zeus and shiva. i like the jesusneverexisted website....so much fun

What..they only bring him 2 virgin boys???

you people remind me why I love my church: we allow women as Priests

As it happens, in the week before Christmas in the city of CórdobaVidela andsome of his military and police cohorts were convicted by their country's courtsof the murder of 31 people between April and October 1976, a small fraction ofthe killings they were responsible for. The convictions brought life sentencesfor some of the military. These were not to be served, as has often been thecase in Argentina and neighbouring Chile, in comfy armed forces retirement homesbut in common prisons. Unsurprisingly there was dancing in the city's streetswhen the judge announced the sentences.What one did not hear from any senior member of the Argentinian hierarchy wasany expression of regret for the church's collaboration and in these crimes. Theextent of the church's complicity in the dark deeds was excellently set out byHoracio Verbitsky, one of Argentina's most notable journalists, in his book ElSilencio (Silence). He recounts how the Argentinian navy hid from a visitingdelegation of the Inter-American Human Rights Commission the dictatorship'spolitical prisoners on an island linked to senior clerics.

A good start to understanding this evil man is the contribution by Videla in aseries of interviews conducted by the magazine El Sur in 2010 and Erbitsky’sbook, The Silence: From Paul VI to Bergoglio.

It is now I understand the fuller implications of the Vatican not being part of the European Union. But I still do not know why Francis will not join the world, not just the European Union, in condemning indeed rejecting a man like like Mugabe. Mugabe brazenly rapes democracy and violate the rights of the people.Why must still call Pope Francis as the former Buenos Aires Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio? Do you not accept that fact?

We have a Jesuit Pope! Has that ever happened before? An Argentinian Pope, and a Jesuit? Rock on.....

If anyone actually believes in God how could they think worshipping for 3 hours is too much and it needs to be shortened. God is worth infinitely more than the other stupid, useless things people want to waste their time with. People turn away from the only real thing of value and instead seek out cheap trinkets.

Is it just me or doesn't anybody find it completely interesting, and offensive, that Mugabe (who is banned from the EU because of civil right violations in Nigeria) is attending the inaugural celebration but our own President is not ... we are sending the VP?

Ok its time to get down to business. How is he going to get out of the grip of the mossad blackmailers who have pics of the gay cabal at the top of the Vatican frolicking in Rome. Benedict gave up.

Simpler, but just as wicked an organization as ever. Jesuit pope brings to mind inquisitions and Jesuit expulsions from various countries for wickedness. But, I'm sure glad to hear the inauguration is going to be simpler. Oh joy!

one day people will be awaken to whom they're praying...JESUS OR BEAST?

Jesus was simple and humble not the Papacy and as long as they continue to put their own church traditions over and above the Scriptures, God will never bless this church nor this man.

The simple Pope - a symbol of hope.