Who leaves a three-year-old playing alone outside?

Russia/the Russian people are not the enemy of America. The real threat faced not only by Russians...but also Americans...is corruption of our congress/their duma.....by big-business/the wealthy....who will likely look to weaken Russian government/government regulation and tax laws in order to exploit resources/amass riches.....at the expense of Russia's newly forming democracy/the Russian people. The Russian people should keep an eye on their congress/duma....to see which lobbyists are paying off which congressman/duma-member....to pass their pro big-business/pro-wealthy/anti-government/anti-regulation/anti-tax bills. If their new democracy/economy/government is not properly funded/regulated....it will fail. If Duma members are getting rich while they're IN office...and when they get OUT of office....this is a good sign of rampant government corruption of their congress/duma members....by the rich/big-business/corporate interests. China is now known as one of the most polluted nations on earth from lack of proper environmental laws/enforcement of environmental laws. Lack of government regulation of business in China has also led to widespread violations of civil/human/labor/property and other rights.

As if conditions at these orphanages in Russia are any better?!

Why was the couple allowed to adopt two brothers one 3 and the other 2 years old and allowed to play outside the house without adult supervision?

Stop all foreign adoptions!  They're asinine, when you consider that there are millions of kids, in the US, who still need good homes with loving parents. I am sickened when I see the Lexus driving parents with their status symbol Asian infants.  Gimme a damn break!  Go to any orphanage in your area and you'll find more kids than you could ever adopt, waiting for you, with open arms.

Criminal negligence can be filed against the couple for allowing a 3 year old to play in their absence.

I wonder how you lacerate an artery without breaking the skin. I also wonder if Max was underweight when the Russian authorities took him from his addict mother. As for leaving the children outdoors to play, the saying is that if the price for ever letting our children out of our sight was the death of the child, we would all be childless. Instead, most of us are just lucky.

Is it not considered gross negligence leaving small children outside by themselves?  Over where we live we have coyotes running around to boot.

Russian authorities have a reputation for approving children for adoption without disclosing significant physical and emotional issues, especially those stemming from abuse and neglect. I wonder what the boys' medical history was before they were adopted.

I don't have a problem with Americans adopting kids from other countries.  But it might more in the interest of the adopted child to place him American parents who are of the same or comparable nationality and can better understand the cultural environment from which the child was born.  For example, a Russian child should be placed with American parents who have a Slavic background, e.g., Russian, Ukrainian, Serbian, Slovak, etc. background.So many american children need homes, why are people adopting foreign children?

Something doesn't seem right. The child was under weight, had bruises on his body, and the mom left him (age 3) outside with his younger brother. I would have never imagined leaving my children outside by themselves at that age.

let me understand this: a mother leaves a three year old with his younger sibling for 10 long minutes...hmm...and then we learn that this boy was underweight!!!...and had bruises!!!...and died!!!

Why Russian children instead of American kids?Race.

Top prosecutor said that the child did not kill himself but hurt himself. If that be the case, then the child should be alive.

Which will infuriate the Russians as a lack of foul play never got in their way of concocting a frame up criminal prosecution.

organ harvesters.

Putin is right.  Keep the crazy Russions kids out of the USA.

I want to adopt an 18 year russian chick , you know , because i'm a very caring person with love to share

I am sure if it was an American kid died under the same circumstances in Russia there would be the same amount of...compassion.They are bruises that children mainly get from just being children and then there are bruises in places they cannot reach are the ones that should be investigate further. Were there older bruises on top of younger bruises?"The boy died due to an internal laceration of an artery caused by blunt force trauma, authorities have previously said." That is still hard to do regardless of what is being said.

Putin was right to ban the adoption of Russian orphans by Americans, most of these kids will grow up smoking pot and drunken wild into sex parties. That's the American way!

It seems to me that there is some information missing. For instance, she did not leave them alone on purpose, she had a bathroom emergency (according to Bland)which suggests she may have been ill at the time. A grand jury cleared them which means evidence had to be heard and the evidence pointed to innocence on the part of both parents. Other articles state that the backyard was fenced in and safe so why wouldn't a parent who is "ill" not leave the children in a safe place where they are playing especially if there is no belief of harm coming to them. And yes, in the press conference the DA said that the child was underweight when he left the orphanage and the boys had not been in the U.S. long. From everything I have read, she was there with them until the "emergency" and she came right back. I sure she was horrified to find her son injured. I can only imagine the pain she must be going through while the rest of you cast judgement. It doesn't matter to me if the child was adopted or otherwise. No matter what, it is a tragedy made much worse by being used as a propaganda machine for Russia

When is Russia going to do something to take care of the neglect, abuse and malnourished children in their own orphanages that these children come from?  And yes, the boys were too young to be left outside alone for any amount of time.

We can't hang the parents out to dry because Russia hates Obama.

Texas is fully of girli men.

must have oil money and be a member of the good ole white boys club: if something happens to his brother the whole grand jury should be charged, just my opinion.

Perhaps he might died due to his defects. But it was possible he died due to abuse. Today's US government and its liberal media will invent fat lies that child died due to natural causes.

Leaving a 3 and 2 year old alone on your front lawn is negligence in the other 49 states I hope. But Putin's ban is not about protecting children it is about Russia's low birth rates and high expatriation and these orphans are future soldiers in the Imperial guard of Putinstan.

Death row must be over crowded in Texas at the moment.well wonder no more why russia has passed a law banning us adoptions.