"The mood was very different at the start of his first term, when Obama said peace between Israelis and Palestinians was a top priority"That talking got him the Nobel Peace Prize.  They should have at least waited until he actually DID SOMETHING...

Oh good, questions. How about: Why are you giving planes, tanks and lots of money to the Muslim Brotherhood in Cairo? Probably won't hear that one during NBC News' "highlights".

$100 says there will be lots of fancy, schmancy talk and absolutely NOTHING will be achieved. Obama will return to DC and it will remain business as usual between Israel and the Palestinians.

You notice he won't fly to China.  They'll just repossess the plane and put him to work in the kitchen.

and america sends in the clowns..........

Anyone notice Obama has already  given up on Sequester and is just forming a list of excuses to deal with it on TV. He really could care less because it is about the USA. He isn't one of us and he revels in the economic turmoil he has maintained for all Americans throughout his term.

So he is going to the middle east to make a speech to a bunch of students is his keynote? Good god with all thats going on and he is still trying to seek approval of his ways by means of children. What an empty shell trying to find his way.

What kind of answers would you expect from a community organizer?

This man cannot fix this country that he has torn apart but he thinks he knows what is best for another country.

Remember Benghazi. All I got to say.Few answers is right, he hasn't got a clue.

Obama has no intention to do anything but campaign...

If anything, he's being realistic in not expecting a thing to change.

Why? That question won't be answered!

Obama's Middle East Tour can be summed up "He came, He saw, He left"

Question: Why did you sell... er give unstable Egypt 16 advance fighter jets and 200 advance tanks?   BHO's answer:  To destroy Israel... #$%$, did I just say that out loud?

I see no reason for Obama to make this trip.  Neither side trusts him.  He cannot be counted among leaders.

While Obama is in Israel - where is Queen Mooooooooooooooshell taking her vacation on the taxpayers dime ???

The only people that believe obama is intelligent enough to deliver a "grand peace plan" are the looney left in the US.

can the Israelis trust Obama?Why don't Obama go to Benghazi while he is over there. Send some Seals with him.

The Isrealis know they're on their own for the next four years.  Just like they were for the last four.

There was black smoke from the whitehouse again today,We still don't have a President .

Ok ok. So,   No Budget Plan, No Energy Plan, No Immigration Plan.....But the Peace Plan thing....Trust Me.

Why would he bring any new intitiatives over there when can't offer any here?  This is just the middle east stop of his community organizing tour.

Obama hates Israel almost as much as he hates the British and the United States.

Search .."Abomination of desolation" ...Also the Opening of the seals in Revelations

There will be no answers from obama because Obama is totally clueless without his teleprompter.

Somebody needs to take away the US taxpayers checkbook before he goes over their!

Hang On----Does this mean he's working?At one time, folks thought obie, had answers........pray tell

There is only only question and one answer. Q:Will there ever be peace in the MiddleEast.A: NOPE

Many questions and few answers since he has never traveled to Israel before.

Another waste of tax payer's money....just a excuse for Obama to climb aboatd FUNDRAISER ONE and fly off somewhere.......or will this be another of his apology tours.

Joke!!

Obama don't care nothing there is nothing for him.

If I Obama does not handle this right we are on our way to WW3.

LOL! The peace nobel prize winner has no new grand peaceplan. He never had a plan. There's nothing going on upstairs but a basketball game with dennis rodman.

Many Questions, Few Answers Await American People on "Most Transparent Administration of All Time"

These guys are waisting a lot of time.Many questions, few answers await Obama on Mideast visit...Many will also find out if Obama can walk on water... or calm the storm, and turn water into wine...Stay tunned...

Well, President "Benghazi" is the right man for a converstation with few or no answers!

One has to believe that this Arrogant #$%$ will say or do something to embarrass our nation.

Hope he doesn't get sand in his teleprompter.

I hope he reminds the Palestinians they got their state now quit whining.

You know you live in a Country run by idiots if... An 80 year old woman can be stripped searched by the TSA but a Muslim woman in a burka is subject only to having her neck and head searched.

Oblamer's mode of operating with a style of mutual distrust does little to impress.  The kiss and be nice come lately will have little bearing on what lies ahead.  And it is also too late to try and repair the failed lagacy.

Obama ( the Muslim Spy ) should not be trusted.

The big O is such a brilliant military strategist. His command over his mouth is only exceeded by his grasp of foreign policy matters. According to Jon Stewart of the daily show activists were benign for generations until Obama gave his human rights freedom speeches while on his middle-east tour. This well spoken bag of hot air has had some unintended consequences from his speeches when he promised support for all of those who stand for democracy. Due to his irresponsible rhetoric, many freedom fighters have been slaughtered in his wake. His insignificant actions have left our economy in shambles; but when it comes to foreign policy this fool is like a bull in a china shop

'...and so it came to be that the magic negro would travel to the Holy Land so that he may walketh on water so that both sides would come to believe in him that he is the anointed one and there would be peace in the land'. The Gospel of the Liberal DemocratsThis is definetly not the person to talk to if you are looking for answers.

His trip will be a waste of time because nothing will happen, he will say nothing because he does not want to upset his brothers in the Muslim Brotherhood

Got to keep running.....Obama the quintessant "running man"....running from the truth, running to the next taxpayer funded vacation, running out of excuses for "no plan" running man, running for another election. Let's defund this faker.

he does'nt ask questions he gives directives which most countries tell him to shove. he thinks he knows all the answers thats why the u.s. has'nt been anything but in trouble since he's been in office and trillions in debt. he's a joke if he's even that good. trouble is it's on america.

Bring Air Force One back but leave King tax and spend there!!

I have low expectations for him here in the U.S. as well. Actually, more like ZERO expectation.

Many questions, few answers.   Standard operating proceedure for this President, at least the few answers part for sure.

Since we already know this trip will be a failure, maybe Obama could stay home and WORK ON A BUDGET!

so...obama's pizzing away hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars to give a speach to "hundreds" of students in the middle east....meanwhile, american students can't tour the white house because of that piece of #$%$!

The abomination of desolation ..will soon happen in Israel ..In an israelie news paper today , it was written Obama will pressure the palestinians and Israelies into signing a 7 year peace deal ..prepare christians ..for the time is at handBlack smoke was seen coming from the chimney on the whitehouse,We still don't have a President !

Just replace """Mideast Tour"""""" with U.S. Tour. Same difference.

At $174,000 per hour just to fly in AirForce 1....shouldnt he have higher expectations before leaving???

He will promise money--obama is good giving the tax payers away.  This WH spews half truths.

This "trip" will cost 1 million dollars per day at a time when we should avoid these types of expenses which only increase the deficit.Remember this when you are sending in your 2012 IRS filing.

'...and so it came to be that the magic negro would travel to the Holy Land so that he may walketh on water so that both sides would come to believe in him that he is the anointed one and there would be peace in the land'. The Gospel of the Liberal Democrats

No basketball there "so why's he going? He hates jews!

Obama has no answer for them, he has no answers for us. He is a stupid man with only slick speeches written by con men.

barak obama is a very unremarkable man, but a remarkable con man, who has divided this nation economically, racially and socially and is attempting to destroy the nation from within and end our way of life,,,,,,, he has no other remarkable accomplishments

“I will stand with the Muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly direction.” -Barack Obama. The quote comes from page 261 of the paperback edition of “The Audacity of Hope."Tiger should go to jail for contributing to the delinquincy of a president by taking him golfing !

Clue to the clueless: Your song and dance campaigning b.s. won't fly with those who know b.s. when they see it Mr. Odumbo.

Isnt it strange that Obama stated during election time that Iran was at least 4 years away from making a nuke. That the Republicans were making it a political issue to make it seem worse then it really is.4 Months later Iran moved 3 years closer to a nuke.....these are Obamas own words!!"the math doesnt add up"

The black beast from the bottomless pit will try his 7 year peace accord as he tries to inflict  mind control on the Israelie college students as he controls the trolls in our colleges here

He will not go on this trip, at least the Israely part

The US Citizens are still waiting for Israel to go back to their 1967 borders like Obama told them too.

Barry,  HD video conference.  Park the 747.  No need for you to travel.

Many questions. Few answers? That about sums it up for this regime of 'transparency'.

Since when did we become so willing to give a ton of money to ANY country when we are in debt? Why the HUGE support for Israel. Tells me we are still dumb enough to buy Freedumb Fries 2.0. No need for a false flag this time. Just let Israel get bullied and we will give that blank check that is "threat to National Security". Problem is giving money to ANY other Nation is a real threat to our National Security. Sheep.

The only question Netanyahu will ask is "Hey, where's Chewy?"Wow 4 1/2 years to visit our number one ally in the region.  They must be feeling really important over there?  He's going over there to tell them their military aid has been sequestered to pay for the Muslim Brotherhood.

I wish Obama would stay in Palestine.   They would love him over there.

Don't understand WHY he is going there at all ??  His muslim pals have already cautioned him on how to behave when he gets over there as to not "offend" them ... What's the point ?

odumbo should take rodman; just in case he accomplishes nothing on his own. At least the trip will be something to laugh about.

Israel knows better than to take this fool for his word...

hope our president obama doesnot  add more mess to the  existing messy situation of middle east.

Don't allow the douche into your country.

Of course Obama won't even think about addressing the Palestinian issue. Israel controls American policies, and Obama knows it. Obama will only be receiving his marching orders from Bibi in person. And if Bibi says,"You will attack Iran!", Obama WILL comply.

What if Netanyahu bombs Iran while President Obama is accepting his medal?

It's a taxpayer paid vacation for Barry. He's never been to Isreal.More pomp and theatrics and little to nothing in the way of substance.  Governance by appearance and deceit.

Dictionary on "failure".  Turning out to be disapointing or lacking.  Lack of adequate performance.  Neglect.  Becoming insolvent or bankrupt.  This pretty much describes Obama and his administration!

He has to address the students because anyone with any experience and wisdom will see right through his charm.

I feel sorry for Israel PM Netanyahu having to deal with an American President who's also a devout muslim-marxist. Israel had better plan on taking action on their own if they want to survive.

We cannot support afford a war against Iran.  Israel will have to defend themselves on this one.  We have enough bills from our previous two wars (Iraq and Afghanistan).  A third one will bankrupt us for sure.  We might win the battle but certainly lose the war.

I hope Obama doesn't go over there to "lecture" Israeli leaders to stop defending themselves from all sides. Just let one of those terrorist rockets hit a city in the U.S., and all hell will break loose! Obama's history with defending Israel is disappointing at best, and it appears that he leans with the terrorists who want to wipe Israel off the map.

Can the "palestians" have an RPG party on Obama's convoy?

I've heard there a few nice golf courses over there.

If he brought the marines and one carrier battle group and simply told Israel what it's borders were going to be , this conflict would be over in a half hour. Of course he would have to have balls to make that happen.

**********HEAD LINE************   Empty Suit Flies to Middle East for Unique Photo-OpDoes Pres. Obama has any magic to solve problems that last 10 presidents couldn't do?

No answers on Benghazi.

BENGHAZI.... do not let Obama slide out of this one.... ... Demand your legislators investigate, demand they do not forget....there is blood on obamas hands...............BENGHAZI

Never let a guy from Chicago walk you down the path.

I wonder if the black beast will do a fly over of his beloved Countries ...Libya and egypt ??

you can't count on BO to get the job done...

God save us all if this man puts his foot into his mouth again...he is a good talker and a terrible president and does little of what he says he will do.  I do not think Israel will like him very much and he could do more harm than good. he is going around the world acting like a king and ruler instead of doing good he is doing great harm,  he should just stay home and take care of America for a while.

Operative word ---low expectations for Obama to do any good.

Many unanswered quetions .. Yah! like, "Why did you not protect the Libyan Ambassador?"

Israelis couldn't exist without the US. They have no allies because they hate Arabs.Israelis beg for us in the US to fight Saddam for them because they're too weak to fight him by themselves.

Israelis are #$%$ that beg for aid from the US. Don't kid yourselves.

"Iran is more than a year away from a nuclear weapon".....So I guess this is O'Bongo-speak for "Gee, its cool!  We'll TALK about this later when the time comes....."???????What an idiot.  O'Bongo needs to grab his sack and tell the dern Iranians to stop playing with nuclear research, give them a week to comply, then bomb them back to the stone age.

Many questions, few answers await Obama on Mideast visit. Then we are sending the right person for the job, Obama

Why do I get the feeling, like everything else he does, that he will accomplish nothing on this trip to Israel?

Maybe he will defect to Gaza in exchange for assuming the presidency of Hamas.

If I attached this kind of justification to my boss, in order to spend a few million, I would be fired

Anyone else notice that the last year of conflict in Syria has been bloodier than the last 40 years of Israeli-Palestinian conflict?

Israel the conservatives of America back you. It's the Liberals we must deal with.

This whole issue is way way way over the head of Obama.  Nothing will come of this.  The real threat is Iran and we have no plan until the first mushroom cloud grows.All of this is just to keep himself in the spotlight. He never accomplishes anything else.

Any golf courses there.

If this were a trip to Egypt he would be kissing Morsi and praising the Egyptian people. If it were to Saudi Arabia he would be on his knees before the Saudi "king" . If it were to Jordan he would be praisng King Abdullah and saying we have no greater freind than Jordan in the Middle East. If it were to Lebanon ( where he is afraid to go) he would praise the diversity of Lebanon and say it is a shinine example of what diversity is in the Arab worldBut it's Israel so his expectations are low, his comments will be moderate and constrained , there will not be any strong statement about Israel being the #1 ally of America in the Middle East and  he will praise the terrorist, corrupt, mafia-Abbas-run PA as much as the democratic State of Israel.

Obama's low expectations of himself on this Middle East trip don't even come near our low expectations of him. And those low expectations have been confirmed by the last 4 years.

SIMPLE---either Israel can simply accept the fact that IRan WILL have a bomb shortly and try to live under the same stalemate conditions that we did with the USSR from 1954-1991  OR they can risk a war that might cost them a large portion of their civilian population. REMEMBER---in ANY fight anything can happen. A 14 yo could catch Mike Tyson in the windpipe with a lucky jab and gain an edge.

The mudslime theme song for Owebumbles visit is ' It's Rainiing Men' as body parts of the suicided bombers will darken the skies worse than the 'locust' problem they are having

Plenty of photo-ops...nothing more. Political points, first and foremost.

Yes indeed, many questions regarding Obama's trip like:1-How much more will he give to Egypt while the Sequestration is biting at home?2-Which cheek of the Nit-Whit-Yahoo's butt will he kiss?3-Which date will he promise to bomb Iran to start ANOTHER war on Israel's behalf?4-How much more US tax dollars will he commit to build illegal settlements on the West Bank?Yes indeed! Many questions!

nothing about Israel's actions in the Golan Hights attacking Syria? Does Obama consider those fighting with al Q in Syria to be terrorists? How 'bout those Uighurs? What are they doing in Syria? Oh, is Syria part of Greater Turkestan? Or are they there to train to better carry out jihad in China?"The Global Times report singled out two groups as funneling fighters to Syria  the East Turkistan Islamic Movement and the East Turkestan Education and Solidarity Association based in Turkey."

Netanyahu-- right after Obama became President he went to Cairo.  The Egyptian leader trusted Obama and allowed him to address the students at the University of CAIRO.  Over the next 2 years after the speech, the 30 year old leader was overthrown--placed in prison---and Muslim Brotherhood was placed in power.   The Muslim Brotherhood vowed to march STRAIGHT TO JERUSALEM and rid the occupiers (THE JEWS) from what is their possession.  The message from the Muslim Brotherhood has not changed.  Toned down--but not changed.Now Netanyahu will allow Obama to address your Univerisity.  After 5 1/2 years of being President, Obama is finally coming to your country.  Surely you will know what the speech is before allowing it to be spoken before your youth.  Because Israel leaders and other people of influence are trying to undermine and to divide confusion among the people of Israel.  As leaders appointed to preserve and to protect Israel (plus, Obama told you (ISRAEL) to be prepared to DEFEND YOURSELF.  Iran has taken off with great speed---admits it is a NUKE COUNTRY---I would take it as a country with already a NUKE.The times of change are churning in ways world leaders never expected. Syria is the only one who hasn't caught--or killed their leader. That is because of Iran--Russia-and Turkish leaders who are still allowing weapons to pass through their country to reach Hezzobalah!The wisdom which comes from Israel's God should be what holds together ISRAEL. Just like Iran trusts in their God (ALLAH) so Israel should trust in their GOD--and make sure the message spoken to the Youth by Obama does not undermind the leaders of Israel.Alternate headline:  "Many golf outings, little leadership from Obama on Mideast visit"

the question is why is he going he hates the jews and cant suck up to the muslums openly !

He will vaguely promise the Israelis the moon..... and give them a radioactive Iranian beach ball..

When the going gets tough...Obama bites the dust!

Will the Obama be snubbed by the president of Israel like, Obam did snub the president of Israel when the Obama ignored him as he sat in the basement of the Whitehorse for two hrs. While the obama sat upstairs and ate dinner.

Hmmm.... I think if the past tells us anything about the media there will be FEW QUESTIONS of SUBSTANCE from the media and FEWER ANSWERS OF SUBSTANCE from the President and after the press conference, the President and the press will link arms and skip further down the Yellow Brick Road.

Any bets he gives some more $$ away to the Palestinians?  Money we don't have??

Maybe the answer is to throw a picnic hosted by The Muslim Brotherhood?  Community organizers are good at that.

So the israelis and Palestenians are furious with Obama.Welcome to my world baby.

The way obama is going we are going to lose the only true friend we have in the Middle East.Israel has been defending itself against the islamic terrorists since 1948.Would we have put up with the constant muslim attacks against our people and towns? I hope not.We probably would have destroyed them and their hate filled leaders long ago.I don't know how Israel keeps it's patience with their neighboring savages.Americans wouldn't.Much ado about nothing.  Obama's trip is nothing but smoke and mirrors like everything else he does.  This guy needs to start leading or we are in for a very bad time, here and abroad.

Obama's true agenda is to find a way to turn Israel over to the Muslim Brotherhood so that he can complete his second term goals.

Muslims don't really like Jews - so I'm not sure why Obama is visiting. Don't get me wrong - I really don't care if Obama goes to Israel. What is more troubling, however, is that he'll probably come back.

Fear not, he has all kinds of answers. If he doesn't he will just get back on air force one.

Obama is trying to avoid making this trip appear to be any sort of backing for Israel. First he refused to speak before the Knesset- the Government of Israel and choose instead to hold a meeting with "the people' of Israel-except he refused to offer an invitation to the students from Ariel University which he considers illegal.When Jay Carney was asked at a Q&amp;A session what is the capital of Israel, he refused to say it was Jerusalem. Here is the Q&amp;A“I haven’t had that question in a while,” Carney said with a slight laugh when a reporter asked whether the Obama administration considers Jerusalem or Tel Aviv to be Israel’s capital. “Our position has not changed.”“What’s the capital?” the reporter repeated.“You know our position,” Carney said.The exchange grew somewhat heated when World Net Daily’s Lester Kinsolving interjected, “She doesn’t know, that’s why she asked…she does not know, she just said she doesn’t know — I don’t know!”Carney still held firm, saying only, “Our position hasn’t changed.”

Let's go everywhere, tell everyone how great your are but still can't walk the talk or hammer out a balanced budget.  Hope your having a good time away from the W.H. yet again.

What a shameful representative.

Dear Mr. Netanyahu,Could you please demand that Obama stops his unnecessary White House War on Schoolchildren before you will resume talks with him???

Mookie buke wants to go see his Muslim brothers....the Israel part is all just a front!

He cares so much about Israel that he sells F16s and M1s to Egypt.  Tell me again what nation Egypt attacked in 48,  56, 67, and 73?"Many questions, few answers" perfectly describes Obama and his entire administration!If Israel is smarter than the MSM here in America, they won't believe a word Obama has to say to them.  He isn't called a "liar" because people hate him, he's called a "liar" because his words vs. his actions don't match!!

What's this trip gonna cost us???  More foreign aid?  And to who?

The Black beast from washington under the control of the dragon will fulfill daniel's prophecy next week while he is in israel ..the beast claims he will not seek a peace accord , perhaps he has read and seen the comments of the ones who know who he is ...he cannot hide , deny or refuse what prophecy says will be done

The media said this was the president who had answers to all the world's problems. Now, he has no answers.

The longer Obama is out of the US the better off for all Americans. I assume he is flying coach.

No expectations no failures - good thinking Mr. President.

Poor obama only has two brain cells...and they are always fighting.  Or maybe one of those new zombie worms got in his brain...ya know...the ones that eat whale bones....

Any golf courses there.

If the Israelis think they have few answers now wait until obingo is done with his visit, they will have a lot fewer answers. When Mr. Double Talk get done they will feel a lot less safe too. Good luck to my friends the Israelis, you will need it.

The only question is how long it will take Obama to turn Israel into another Fascist Islamic state like the rest of the middle east.President Obama: March 6, 2012, press conference: "And what I have said is, is that we will not countenance Iran getting a nuclear weapon. My policy is not containment; my policy is to prevent them from getting a nuclear weapon -- because if they get a nuclear weapon that could trigger an arms race in the region, it would undermine our non-proliferation goals, it could potentially fall into the hands of terrorists."

From the article: "Obama ... will spend most of his time in Israel, the closest U.S. ally in the Middle East".

how dare they put up my flag next that religious star!

Why is he wasting resources over there and contributing tons of carbon pollutants?I thought he cared about the environment.

What a COLOSSAL WASTE of a PRESIDENCY

Dear God, please protect our dear president from terrorists on his visit to the middle east. We don't want Biden to become our President.

Obongo TheAssClown in Israel, "so you guys got any of those Check-Into-Cash places  around here?"

Obongo TheAssClown is on AirForce One thinking..."Do I really have to do this? I'd rather be at a D.C. hotel, surrounded by wealthy liberal socialists, and giving another Rock Star speech about dismantling the U.S. Constitution.

I don't think "those in the know" expect a thing out of this, as it is simply another of Obama's weekly 'drinking opportunity trips'. He has no appointment with either President Abbas or Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu, so he will be lucky if he gets one. For now, his request to address Netanyahu and the Israeli parliament was turned down, So the White House has set up a choreographed speech to shand picked pro USA tudents at Jerusalem’s International Convention Centre. Obama of course, is saying this is his plan to "interact directly with the Israeli people".  So, what it really amounts to, is an opportunity for him to drink. . .

Barry, why dont you ask the them for foreign aid for our africans and mexicans. I'm sure that would go over big time with Bibi.He doesn't promote peace within the federal government. How can he promote peace in long term enemies?

The world no longer seee oBama as the new pharaoh of the world ,they now call him the drone muderer.

I would honestly love to see what his security looks like for this trip.

He is going to explain what the Word Sequester means, It means lack of services for americans higher taxes and no change in Israeli welfare checks.

A two state solution is the ONLY solution. The obvious problem remains WHERE to draw the boundary lines.

I don't care if Israel is our friend or not. I don't want to be in the middle of the childish squabbles. From Libya to Pakistan not a penny. We are in debt to CHINA.

Do they play golf in Israel?

just another p.r. op for obama

Please keep him!!!!!! free of charge,

To the whole team,Please go swiftly and come back safely....:Many questions, few answers await Obama on Mideast visit"...  ah, like Benghazi-gate.  Lots of questions, very few REAL answers...  Like if there's nothing to hide, why are the survivors being threatened into silence?

Do not trust Obama on Iran. Sanctions have never worked, (like North Korea), and they won't work now. Obama is buying time for Iran, and he will accept a nuclear armed Iran. He will hoodwink the American people, as he does every day.

He is just going to stall the Israelis so the Iranians can get their nukes.

I love it Obama still thinks he is on the campaign trail.  He should stop in Egypt on his way back an drop them off some more money and fighter jets and maybe a few tanks?

Q: What does Obama trying to reassure Israel and a condom have in common?A: Both give you a feeling of security but you're still getting screwed.

The Israeli's can't trust a word this dufus says.  Obama is nothing but a deceptive, lying dufus and has proven it over and over and over and over again...and it's all on videotape.

Obama going to try and become a world leader through the UN

the primary question ought to be "what on earth am I doing here?"If one has nothing to offer even as an advice, one should stay away

Obama has "low expectations" for his trip, but needs an excuse to avoid his duty to create a budget and stop overspending.

It's funny that the palestinians were defacing Obama posters that were put up in the region. Even THEY hate their own fellow muslim Obama. The sad thing is, Obama is actually on the side of the palestinians as he sides with anyone who is anti-Christian or anti-Semite.Perhaps some errant missle from gaza will land on him and solve our problems...

Obama can't even figure out how to clean up his own house, what does he think he can accomplish in Israels house, and the millions that this trip is costing us for obama to go to Israel and make one of famous eloquent speeches that will hold aboslutely no substance, is just another waste of the tax payers dollar could have gone to pay down our debt. Wonder how many golf courses they have there????

With the way his relationship is with Netanyahu, I am surprised he is going at all!!!

Bummer has an answer for everything, just raise taxes, problem solved.

No US/Iran war for Israel!!!If Israel wants war with Iran, let Israel fight it, let Israel pay for it, let Israel's people die in it.No more US lives and money wasted on mid-east war!!!!!!!!!!!

Wait till the finds out there is only one golf course in all of Israel...........Bummer

When it comes right down to it ,ISRAEL will defend itself regardless of what obama thinks they should do.When ISRAEL did that that air srike in the 70s,it was all over before you knew what time of day it is.ISRAEL is and always will be the CHOSEN people of GOD.

i hope his muslim brother catch him and leave none to bring home..obama and biden is worthless pieces of #$%$.

Many Questions, Few Answers As America Awaits as its POS POTUS Runs Around the Globe Worrying About Everyone BUT American's.

DAaaaaaaa  , Daaaaaaa daaaaaa  ????? , !!!!!!!!!  , daaaaaaaaaaaThe title describes his entire political career. What is the media doing to either get those answers or stop reporting no answers. All he does is make them look like fools.

So the devil is going to the middle east in his Obama costume.

Many Questions and Obama hasn't a clue.  What about that Red line just like the red line for N Korea  How did that work out?

No plans, No ideas - President Obama better stick with the charm.

do not be deceived israel, he is not your friend....rather he is the instigator with dreams of surrounding you with insurgent nations, egypt, lybia, syria, turkey and iran.....do not despair israel, they will all be destroyed at armageddon....muslem blood and sympathy run deep in obama, just smile and be nice, he will leave in a few days.

Why is the campaigning in Israel.  The Middle East crisis is nothing compared to our budget crisis your home.

That's your country Israel you tell Obama who when and where he talks to. Ask him this...if you can't keep your embassies safe or control your borders why should we listen to you, then end the meeting and tell him to go home and work on gay rights and gun control.

Einstein said that "the definition of insanity was doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results." Let's see. Why don't we try sanctions and diplomacy to see if we can convince Iran to cease and desist? How idiotic...

He can come visit down here and help me shovel #$%$ in Louisiana when he gets back.

New initiatives! Obama's new initiative is giving speeches and then moving on! Obama should try having everyone come to a dinner, where he can be the center of attention and tell Israel and Palestine they need to get along and get some things done! Ya know like he did here in the USA!That should really help!I here Rodman's going as the backup comedian.

Do not trust any assurances from the Obama.The way to tell if Obama is lying ( HIS LIPS ARE MOVING )

O--Right.  Send out the Community Organizer with his photographers.  That'll  bring em to the table.

Softball time.  Was the food good?  Were you able to play a few rounds?  Has that jerk in Israel changed his attitude?  Did you bow to any kings, sultans or dictators?

this president is crazy and has an ego, savior, kind complex.  he should stay home, cannot fix America and wants to fix the middle east. he does more harm than good and he will more than likely stick his foot in his mouth.  Israel is better off without listening to him, as most Americans are slowly beginning to see what a dumb, uneducated, stupid, traitor he is and his wife is no better. they both need to get pink slips and he needs to be IMPEACHED  ASAP

.........Obama on Airforce One calling the cockpit while looking out the window...."Hey where we?  That doesn't look anything like Pebble Beach"

Of course no answers. We have no LEADERSHIP&gt;

Biggest question is will he resign!

Maybe he should take Jay Carney to answer the questions for him. He is the American version of Bagdad Bob.

A muslim "confession":".....Dr.Jumana Odeh: I hope so. In his first four years, Obama didn't demonstrate that. I was happy that he was elected, as an African-American, and a Muslim by birth. This identity is very special, it's special for the United States to have such a president. The American role is very important for the Middle East, so I hope he will be able to do something in regards to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict..."How can a muslim like Obama care about Israeli's security?????'Ten bucks says that AirForce One touches down, slows to 15 miles an hour while Obongo waves out the window, then speeds up and heads back to Washington  where the liberal media will shower him with uncanny praise of an international  job well done.

Obama will fall back on his default answer: "Blah, Blah, Blah, Bush did it..."

Our Emperor has a 10% approval rating in Israel.How did he ever get that high?What do the people of Israel know that we don't?

Must have closed the White House to himself too. What a moron.

Israel is where so psycho Muslim will try to get Obama and blame the Jews

Many questions...few answers...lowered expectations - we're used to all that with Obama

I posted this comment on another board and so I place it here as well...Is this the same obama who said in his Cairo speech… “I have KNOWN islam on three continents before coming to the region where it was first REVEALED”. You can observe a religion; to “know” it, you must belong to it. And ONLY a muslim is going to describe islam as having been “revealed”. In the Cairo speech he also said, “…many muslims recognize that Israel WILL NOT GO AWAY.” That terminology would only be used by someone with a hate Israel mindset, not by a Christian. Loyalty to Israel is part of Christian life, and is non negotiable. Genesis 12:3 Still Cairo: “Americans are ready to join with citizens &amp; governments, community orgs, religious leaders, &amp; businesses in muslim communities around the world to help OUR PEOPLE pursue a better life.” “Our people”, he’s including himself, can only mean muslims as most Americans already have the best life possible. And he said, “The holy qu’ran teaches that whoever kills an innocent, it is as if he has killed all mankind, and whoever saves a person, it is as if he has saved all mankind.” His audience was muslims, so they know the rest of the story, which is that this “all mankind” in the qur'an refers to believing muslims ONLY!. Jews and Christians are never referred to collectively with muslims. In one of his speeches in 07/09, he said, "We will convey our deep appreciation to the islamic faith that has done so much over the centuries to shape the world," He went on to say, "To the people and leaders of the republic of iran, A great and celebrated culture. For many centuries your art, your music, your literature and innovation have made the world a better and more beautiful place. We know you are a great civilization and your accomplishment made have earned the respect of the U.S and the rest of the world". On the other side of the coin he either hides the fact or is ignorant to the fact that Islam is coated in blood of the innocents. In the past 1400 years, Islam has murdered 270,000,000 nonbelievers. 80 million Hindus killed. 60 million Christians were slaughtered 10 million Buddhists died. 120 million Africans butchered and it’s still continuing to this very day!!!

Here's the answer:  Israel and the Palestinian territories eventually become one nation, from the river to the sea.  If you live long enough, you'll see Palestinian majority rule, prosperous Jews, and Muslims having a standard of living similar to Muslims in Turkey.  Now what was your question?

Questions? ...Where was Obama during the Benghazi attack and when are the survivors going to be questioned by a Congressional committee?

Thats not an employee behind that flag....its our president hiding!"Many questions, few answers await Obama on Mideast visit" - That pretty well sums up Obama. So what else is new??

Another vaction already ?

There are no answers, stay out of it and protect our own borders.

Who does Obummer think he is kidding he hates the jews with a passion and he welcomes Iran's nuclear capability he might #$%$ you but he won't #$%$ me. He is muslim to the bone and nothing would satisfy him more than to see Iran nuke Israel and he would sit on his black #$%$ and do nothing.

Answer? This doofus hasn't had a correct answer yet!

Don’t forget that any national secrets can not be shared with the Obama.He simply spews it out his mouth as leaks and people die as a result.Or your security and plans are all for not.

It doesn't matter what happens during this visit.  The more Barack Obama continues to act like "Barack Obama," the sooner we'll have a new president!!!

He should announce that, with immediate effect, the USA is will not give any more foreign aid to Israel. Let's see how close of a friendship we have then.

Obama "I will sit across the table from our enemies" Hmmmm, Seen him across the table with even one in the last four years?

What a waste of the American tax payers money, He can't get Congress to agree on anything, how in the hell is he going to influence the mid-east??? We do not have money for the soldiers of America, but we can afford to waste tax money on another presidential vactation (that is what it is folks!!!!!). They can pick up telephones and do conference calls (AT &amp; T) will probably give them government discounts. Newest definition of joke in Websters New Collegiate Dictionary - Obama.Israeli receives billions in aid both in dollars and in military equiptment every year and what do we get in return ???Nada -Zero

Many questions, few answers await Obama on Mideast visitAmong the questions will be "Aren't you the Guy that played Satan in the TV mini-series The Bible?"

STOP THE F******ING, WHINING, Israel is not only country in Midleast let focus on other issues such as starvation in across northern Africa with million of people are dying slowly.

Why is the President going into conservative base ground zero??!!But to the mid-east, Isrealies, NATO, &amp; British the president should just tell them he's tired of fighting a war of loans since 2001, that adds to the defisit even more! Republican British annexed baby boomers wont like it. But just pull it out &amp; tell "them" to suck it!!! Their Annexing our country! THIS IS IT!! GOP KNOW THIS IS IT/ GOP falls of fouls you all!! It's a WAR!!

Why wait til the last minute to deal with Iran's Nuclear program? Drop bombs.

"Why don't Obama go to Benghazi while he is over there. Send some Seals with him."NO! just send him!.....

I'm getting tired of repeating this.  But I have to just so no one can plead ignorance.  The 1979 peace treaty between Israel and Egypt hinges on both sides being paid off not to attack each other.  If we stop payments, the 1979 truce between the 2-countries is null and void.  Meaning both sides are free to attack each other.  ///// After WW-2 the UN asked Israel, Jordan, and Egypt to give back the stolen Palestinian lands so the Palestinians could form a homeland.  Hordan and Egypt finally did so in 1953.  Israel did not and continued the land grab through the years.  Setting off many armed conflicts.  Over the years, even Hamas hedged its fight for the right of return or just compensation in favor of recognizing of recognoizing Israels right to keep stolen land up to the 1967 border.  Much of the rockets coming from Gaza are from families who see their land across the cease fire zone being utilized by Israels farmers.  The 1953 truce line between Israel and Gaza is not set in stone.   Israel is playing a dangerous game with Egypt.  Egypt can claim that since Israel does not recognize the sovereignty of Gaza, Egypt can claim back the land they gave back.  Under the argument that if Israel can steal the land, so can they.  The truce line between Israel and Gaza is arbitrary.  But Israel acts like it owns it all.  Hamas has a hard time controlling the militants who fire rockets into their farmfields used by Israeli settlers.  Israel uses it as an excuse to punish Hamas every time it fails to  control these militant families.  Israel knows the rockets are nothing more than home-made glorified fireworks.    Hamas rockets are longer, stronger, and getting more accurate.  Something Israel found out the last go round.  Israel has to make peace with the Palestinians now.  Or they will end up like US.  Winning every battle in Vietnam.  And the best part is the vast majority will get a chance to go back to the homeland they came from.  ///// The Arab Spring was predicted about 20-years ago.  When someone noticed the populations of those countries were 70-80% under the age of 25, with nothing to do and no place to go.  The Arab Spring is not over.  It is just beggining. It is a 3-year old heading toward its rebellious teen years.  If there is no peace now.  It will never happen.  And Israel will win every battle.

Headline: ..."The brilliant Prime Minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, is scheduled to meet with the anti-Semitic, boy-child President of the United States." ...There will be no questions.

Everyone had such high expectations when he took office 4 1/2 years ago...what a bust this guy has turned out to be. Everything he said has been B.S.  and the clowns he has on his staff are a joke. I am starting to realize how much I agree with the libertarians, and will be voting that way in the future. These Dems and Repubs are so full of themselves and their ideologies. They only care about being powerful and being "right" all the time. Pitiful..no more.. these jerks have to go.. does anyone believe ANYTHING any of them say? Even the media has some weird angle they try to portray.. such B.S.   ENOUGH!

remember when Bush got nailed by a shoe during a Middle Eastern press conference several years back? "Obammy" should be greeted with spoiled fruit/vegetables and paintIf there are no expectations, stay at home and save the millions that this trip will cost.

how about he worries about our country for now.  he does not need to be going anywhere till DC gets this budget worked out...

Obama bin Ladin the Muslim.

More Obama Rhetoric-- this time another part of  the world gets to doze off while he orates! USA citizens get a three day break from it!

The only question Israel wants answered is: "How much money did you bring us, Barack?"

"The Israelis claim historical and biblical ties to the West Bank and East Jerusalem, home to some 500,000 settlers, and dispute their building in these areas is illegal."Jews claim they have historical and biblican tie to Jerusalem? Damn. It's like Obama claiming that he was born in Hawaii.

"Many questions, few answers" Sums up Barry. Is the teleprompter coming on the trip too?

Obama is a drone of Anti-Israel lobby. his expectations are just where they need to be based on his handlers expectations...

obama has visited more golf courses then he has allied leaders.

We might as well have sent Dennis Rodman.Let's pray for our president's safty and also pray that our Lord will change his heart and mind,once he visits Israel. It happened to other visitors to Israel and God is able to change  and restore our president .May God's spirit be with him and his family.

Israel.....take him out and blame it on iran.....hint hint

Peace is impossible with muslims-Their kuran demands they kill all non muslimsREAD THEIR BOOK- THE KURAN IS A TERRORIST TRAINING MANUAL

Just tell Israel no aid if they don't stop settlements and tell Palestine no aid if they can't stop the rockets. So simple.

Maybe this is a one way ticket? Time to celibrate. He will be happier with his arab bros anyway.

While we are questioning Obama ....ask him #$%$ did congress approve to give Egypt millions of dollars last month...while teachers and schools are in a massive budget crisis....the whole usa is in a budget crisis? Get that money back out OUR soil...ask any US citizen and they would have NOT approved of that measure. I am not against helping....but we have NO money to help in the first place. Impeach Obama now!

Yes obong go to Benghazi.

One big Chess game taking place in the world today.

"Many questions, few answers...."  Why should it be any different abroad than it is here?

Even the  Israelis do not trust him........... climbing the ranks via the corrupt chicago political underworld , the Mossad has an interesting dossier on this chap.How much is this trip going to cost us!

Appointed Anita Dunn, who said Chairman Mao was her “favorite philosopher,” to be White House Communications Director. Appointed John Holdren, who perviously entertained the notion of forced mass sterilzation to stop overpopulation, to be Science Czar. Appointed Steven Chu, who openly advocated an artificial increase in gasoline prices to $10/gallon (and similar increases in other energy prices) to be Secretary of Energy. Appointed Kevin Jennings, who led a group that promoted X-rated “sex-positive” textbooks for 13-year-olds, instructed teenagers at a conference how to perform “fisting” (anal penetration by fists), who refused to report instances of statutory rape, and who expressed admiration for a member of NAMBLA, to be America’s “Safe School Czar. When states voted to enforce the federal immigration laws which the federal government refused to enforced, Obama sued to stop them.

one thing for sure is them f'ng jews will be asking us for more aid

I hear Benghazi, India, Mali and Syria are lovely this year...how bout yall put a chute on him, substitue a Missile for his usual snazzy tie and let him "drop" in on his Muzlim homies for a little of his special brand of shuckin n jivin.

5 years in and his first visit?  what's he campaigning for now?

as long as the Israelis and the Palestinians remember what it means when his lips are moving they will be OK.....

I wish Obacarama would keep his #$%$ at home, where he belongs. He make's the rest of us look bad. Israel knows what to do and how to handle the Palestinians, and how to bring them under control, if others would just leave them alone, so they could get it done. Then on to Iran, do the number on them, and everybody should be good for awhile.

The creation of the state of Israel would engage America in defending Jewish objectives that would drain American resources and lives.Gen. George C. Marshal 1947

Obama likes israeli's as much as he likes republicans.Dont trust him remember he use to be  a Muslim.10% OF ISRAELI'S like him 90% dont what does that say. i wish americans thought like israel's do. they dont think they like their freebies the government gives them but of leeches,welfare bums.

what's the name of the golf course in Isreal?keep him there. he has no answers at home.

Neither is Palestine a state. It never was a country, just a region.Importantly, the Jews did not displace anyone, because no one permanently resided there. It was a land inhabited by nomadic, Bedouin tribes. The whole region was nothing but deserts and swamps. Only about 120,000 Arabs resided in an area that covered the territories, the state of Israel and Jordan. When Mark Twain visited the area, he wrote he found nothing but a wasteland.During the 19 years that the territories – including Jerusalem and Gaza – were occupied by the kingdoms of Jordan and Egypt, no one talked about a Palestinian state … not the Arab countries, not the United Nations. Nobody asked Jordan or Egypt to abdicate their ownership and give it to the Palestinians. Not even the Palestinians themselves said anything about a Palestinian state or a Palestinian people, because nobody heard of a Palestinian people. It never existed.The fact simply is that there are no Palestinians. These people are Arabs like all other Arabs, and they happen to live in a region called Palestine. They are not a separate people.What makes a separate people? Religion, language, culture, garb, cuisine, etc. The Arabs in Palestine speak the same language, practice the same religion, have the same culture, etc., as all the other Arabs. The few minor differences that exist between them are like the minor differences that exist between the Welsh, the Scots, and the Londoners. They are still all Britons. Yankees and Southerners have the same minor differences, but they are still all Americans. People in the south of France are quite different from the people in the north, but they are still all French. These inconsequential differences do not make a people.The Arabs living in Syria or Jordan, etc., are also the same Arabs, but they are each a separate nation because they each have a separate country. The so-called Palestinians want a separate country because they claim to be a separate nation. They are not. They were never a separate people before the new state of Israel. How did they become one now?Because of these lies, the so-called Palestinians feel justified in sending suicide bombers to kill women, children, babies, old men, old women and noncombatant citizens. Because of these lies, the United Nations and the media of the world are condemning Israel who is acting less harshly than any other country would act in retaliation for such heinous attacks .            Ask yourself this: Should the use of terror ever be rewarded? When is the use of terrorism justified as a military tactic? As a political tactic? As an economic tactic? What implications does this hold for future conflicts?the truths here:1) There never was a Palestinian state or a Palestinian nation. There are no Palestinian people, per se. Rather, these are Arabs living in a region that historically has been called many things, including “Palestine.”2) Israel did not go to war against a Palestinian state and occupy its land. Rather, Israel was attacked by six Arab countries at once. She defended herself, defeated her attackers, and won the so-called territories, not from the Palestinians, but from Jordan and Egypt.3) Jerusalem was never the capital of any state but Israel. It was certainly never the capital of a country that never existed. Why should the Palestinians get any part of it? Because they want it? Because they have terrorists?4) Jerusalem, under the current Israeli control, is a free and open city. Israel, as a democracy, guarantees freedom of religion within its borders. Contrast this fact with areas that have come under Palestinian occupation. What percentage of Christians have left in recent years

Obama is a fake!

Another Israel-centric piece by Reuters.  It's curious that there are no photos of Palestinian flags anywhere?  What's the message here?Regardless, America needs to focus on America's needs and let this so-called "ally" fend for itself, including financing its own existence.  America First!

Wait when did Obama ever have the answer?  Or maybe we shall say, when did the democrats every have an answer?  Theire answer to our financial problems has been "more taxes".....democtats = Obama = progressives = liberals = FAILURES

Zionist Israel is a FAILURE.  If after 60 years they can't survive without $3.something BILLION A YEAR, it is time to call it quits.  They just use the money to expand their settlements anyway.  STOP throwing good money after bad, we have MORE than enough things here at home $3 BILLION would go a long way toward.

Barry Soetoro's statement to Netanyahu will be something like this:"We are very concerned about your illegal settlement building. We are very concerned about your trampling on the rights of Palestinians. Now, who do I make the check out to?".

No US support for Israel unless they agree to stop all settlement activity and get back within their own borders.

Questions are asked but the answers fall on deaf ears.That's why republicans are planning to avoid debates until election time.whitehouse.gov get true answers and read the bills you question.

ANY QUESTION Israel has should be classed as an national security risk! It's no %@#$ buisness what America is doing their. Same as Israel feels about Annexing America true sin-agogs!Yes obong go to Benghazi.

He would probably melt if his bare foot touched Israeli soil..evil one

He's going all that way to pander to israel?  the tail is wagging the dog.

traitors are always traitors what is to know...

My question is since Israel did 9/11 in cooperation with our oil industry/Wall Street controlled government, why do we continue to be Israel's beyotch?  Why doesn't the pansy have the cojones to go to Iran?  Won't Israel let him?  Who is this guy?  Did anyone know him growing up?  Is he anything more than a pretty face?  Why no press conferences great communicator?  He is only a younger darker version of Ronald Reagan.

The Israel firsters think their anti-obama spam is going to save them in the new election, They still dont know what they are doing wrong.Israel says give me give me giveme, while it builds settlements, YES the Nation of Israel is building settlements, (Yuval Steinitz, who was replaced as finance minister last Friday, said in November that the government had quietly doubled the portion of the national budget dedicated to West Bank settlements.) You think that that is too much government or is it just immigrants buying out lands from the Arbas and selling off the holy lands?It is all illegal anyways if you read the Fourth Geneva Convention Article 49 and know anything about it's getting rid of AGE OF PILLAGE "booty of war".There is no Netanyahu that is a friend to America and if you think so, I say your'e Zionist and have some bloodright from God plan as mentioned in the story, with biblical rights for idolized dirt, instead of following Jesus and wanting peace. Ofcourse the Jewish leaders of his time conspired to kill him and he called them the children of Satan. Finally they got the Romans to do it by proxy.Trust me, if you have been told that Israel is the best allie, yu have to know why, it is the billions of cash, and bow military aid from USA Taxpayers, while they get rich making a closing on some Palestinian land.

Many questions, few answers await Obama on Mideast visit...I got a few myself, like why aren't at your desk working...?

He should take dennis with him,

An incredible number of  "vicious" - anti-Israel, anti-Jew posts coming from the Obama Left during the past few days ... ought to wake up some of the Jewish Liberals who funded Obama's campaign.

question #1: how fast can I get back to the links?The Only thing Obama Administration Can Do are keep giving money to both Israeli &amp; Palestians to feed their economy. Israeli &amp; Palestians still want to fight and destroyed each other then Nothing Obama can stop them .

Netanyahu sits on billions of dollars and the world's most modern military equiptment complements of the US taxpayer and all the bloggers do is complain about Obama....

Cost to Tax Payer for a Trans Atlantic photo-op with no other appreciable value---$23,000,000.00    MAN THIS BOY KNOWS HOW TO SPEND MONEY.

No more land for peace deals - I pray for strength and wisdom for the president so he does the right thing. I hope his donkey has a word with him!

Obama Please don't tell them that your Supporting the Islamic people 100 % and the Death to America and christians, Please its not the Time, salaam

Why does Obama have to answer to Israel?  The way I see it, Israel should be explaining its purposeful disruption of the U.S. election process and why Israel continues to pursue policies that strategically threaten the free world??

Many questions, few answers await Obama on Mideast visit. The best question is why did he decide to make a trip when Rome is burning??This clown could care less about the US and more for his muzzie brothers

The U.S. should have a public debate on the pros and cons of supporting Israel or any other countries in the region, followed by a nationwide referendum. Let the American tax payer hear both sides of the issues(for once) and let them vote on it.

Why go there now. He has snubbed them his entire first term. It looks like he is just trying to find places to go so he doesn't have to face domestic issues. Guess he has run out of places in the US to give his campaign speech to! I think he should stay there, at least until he finds some answers.

Why pay Israel to be our Ally?  Israel should be paying us for being their ally.  Cut back or cut off the foreign aid to Israel. Better yet, have Israel start paying the money the U.S. has been giving them.Obama has already cooked his goose with the Israelis.  They have no respect for him, despite his Nobel Prize.  This is likely just another vacation for him.

Obama is a Muslim wolf in American president clothing.

They must be talking about Benghazi.

His absolute hatred of Israel, and the Jewish people will be aparent to all, poisoning the already on the verge of being deadly situation.....of his doing.... in the Middle East

Just another waste of taxpayer money. The Israelis should dirvert Air Force One to Iran. Why waste time with this guy?

"United States does not accept the legitimacy of continued settlements" But we send them billions every year? Why??

Just a foofoo trip.  Won't help if both of them hand each other a reset button.  If the bonehead had any marbles, he'd fly into Kabul and chitchat with Krazy Karzai.

Obama needs to go on vacation for the next 4 years.

Bummer will know what to do as soon as Israel tells him what to do

Wow, here we go again with Palestine? Their always looking for some type of attention from the U.S.A hey let it go already, yes we support Israel so what? Israel, will prevail at any cost necessary.Many Questions....Such as, "When can we start the war with Iran?      Can we have some more of those nice American Dollars?....and, Can we have a few more F-18's and munitions?"BTW, better send some techs over to see if the MOAB's and bunker buster nukes you gave us are in proper working order"!......They may have gotten damp, since the last war.  Oh, that was only last month, year, can't remember, there's been so many, with all those SCUDS flying aroundOr, Maybe...."Why have you been snubbing us, Barrak?  Why didn't you bring Joe and Kerry?"

Hand delivering Checks now huh.

Obama will make it worse.

I hope the trip does not excarbate the tension in the middle east especially with Iran,Palistania waiting at one side and Israel American main ally waiting at the other end.Trust Obama for America cannot enter into any deal they cannot find their way out.

This is where he tries to convince the Jews to find another place to live!LOL! Sure hope they don't treat him the way they should!?!

There never was a Palestinian people or a nation called Palestine. The Arabs invented the term after the fact. The so-called Palestinians lived mostly in Jordan and Syria. Yasser Arafat, the leader of the so-called "Palestinians," is actually an Egyptian!Back on March 31, 1977, the Dutch newspaper "Trouw" published an interview it had with Palestine Liberation Organization executive committee member Zahir Muhsein. This is what he had to say:"The Palestinian people does not exist. The creation of a Palestinian state is only a means for continuing our struggle against the state of Israel for our Arab unity. In reality today there is no difference between Jordanians, Palestinians, Syrians and Lebanese. Only for political and tactical reasons do we speak today about the existence of a Palestinian people, since Arab national interests demand that we posit the existence of a distinct 'Palestinian people' to oppose Zionism.For tactical reasons, Jordan, which is a sovereign state with defined borders, cannot raise claims to Haifa and Jaffa, while as a Palestinian, I can undoubtedly demand Haifa, Jaffa, Beer-Sheva and Jerusalem. However, the moment we reclaim our right to all of Palestine, we will not wait even a minute to unite Palestine and Jordan."

Tel Aviv says "jump" and the only question our politicians ask is "how high?".

I would have to question the sensibility of the 10% who say they like Obama.  Why?  I don't get it.

How can Obama bridge Israel's division with the Middle East when he can't unite America?

This is one time I wish those idiot palestinians rockets would hit the markWe would be better off if Obama was the president of Israel and Netanyahu was our president, At least he has some stones!

Israel did not steal Palestinian land.  It's not Palestinians' land; it's never been their land; it will never be their land.  This land was given to the Jewish people, as stated in the Bible, by the Creator, and will remain the homeland of the Jewish people in perpetuity.  Despite 27 invasions of Judea and Samaria (erroneously called the West Bank), conquests by many, forced conversions, exiles, massive oppression, generations of Diaspora, and cowardly acquiescence by a cadre of 5th-column Jews themselves, Jews have not only survived in what's known in Hebrew as Eretz Yisrael (Israel), but they've taken a desert wasteland and turned it into a powerful little democracy, the envy of the world.To her detractors, of whom there are many worldwide, the mantra remains the same, ad nauseam.  "Israel is complicit in doing this.""She omitted doing that."  "We respect Judaism but are against Zionism."  Attempting to mask their anti-Semitism as anti-Zionism, Israel's enemies propagandize the most vile accusations in such numbers that much of it sticks.  To cite just a few:Myth: "Israel discriminates against its Arab citizens."The facts show otherwise.  Israel is one of the most open societies in the world.  Out of a population of 6.7 million, 1.1 million are Muslims, 130,000 are Christians, and 100,000 are Druze.  All have equal voting rights -- Israel is one of a very few place where Arab women have the right to vote, and Arabs currently hold 14 seats in the Knesset.Following a five-year trial, in a landmark decision for women's rights, an Arab judge, Salim Joubran, sentenced the former president of Israel, Moshe Katsav, to seven years in prison for rape.  In what Muslim country do Jews have such rights?  How many seats do Jews hold in the Saudi government or Jordan?  Can anyone recall a Jewish judge sentencing a prominent Arab in Egypt?  More to the point, has anyone even heard of a Jewish judge in Egypt?Myth: "The Palestinian Authority protects Jewish holy sites."If only that were true.  Then one important element blocking a sincere peace would be eliminated, but the facts speak otherwise.  Just in the years between 1996-2000:•In Sept. 1996, Palestinian rioters destroyed a synagogue at Joseph's Tomb in Nablus.•Rachel's Tomb near Bethlehem has been repeatedly attacked since 1996.•In October 2000, Joseph's Tomb was torched after the Israeli garrison guarding it was temporarily withdrawn.  It was subsequently rebuilt as a mosque.•In October 2000, the ancient synagogue in Jericho was destroyed by arson, and a second historic synagogue was damaged.Forget about protecting these sites -- in textbooks, speech, and daily life, the Palestinians and their supporters absurdly deny any Jewish connection at all to these ancient landmarks.  This all occurs under nominal Israeli control of these areas; one can only imagine the fate of Jewish holy sites left to Palestinian stewardship.This brings us to the greatest canard of them all, the foundation on which every pro-Palestinian lie is based: "The Jews are building settlements on Palestinian land."This grand daddy of all fabrications makes great copy for the media and is excellent for denigrators of Israel, but it lacks any basis in historical fact.  There is no Palestinian land, plain and simple.  If there were, when would it have been founded, and by whom?  What would its borders have been, and what about the name of its capital?  What would its major cities have been?  What would have constituted the basis of its economy?  What form of government would it have lived under?Was Palestine ever recognized as an entity by another country?  By whom?  What was the language of the country called Palestine?  What was Palestine's religion?  What was the name of its currency?  Since there is no such country today, what caused her demise?

Obozo the Clown goes to the middle east to provide a laughter to Israel and to his fellow muslims.  He needs to bring spare telepromters, for he is incapable of give a coherent speach without them.Prime Minister Netanyahu: Be careful and watch him closely; he is a liar and a double crosser.

israel can learn something from evil british.self determination is an important concept according to british.israel should held a referendum and ask they whether they wished to remain under israel rule or palestinian rule.referendum - expressed their inhabitant of the land true wishes, not one shall prevail over them as in falklands referendum.

President Obama’s response to Prime Minister Netanyahu’s confirmation that he had been able to cobble together a new coalition government just in time for the president’s arrival was, “I look forward to working with it.”  Unless that was an expression of diplomatic necessity and represents the opposite of what he is really thinking and feeling as he packs his bags for the trip, it can only mean Obama that has already decided that he’s not going to confront a Netanyahu-led Israeli government and its lobby in America in order to kick start a real peace process.* * * * *

Pak istan already has nukes and it is the world's largest maker of nuclear bombs.It is politically unstable, ruled by a military dictatorship that supports terrorists.More goats are regularly sexually abused there than any other place.

Bush did nothing for his entire eight years.! And that was a very deliberate, conscious strategy.

I think that Obama should offer up right wingers as a sacrifice. That would bring peace.

The usual bunch of nihilists in the comments.! If things are that bad, just go ahead and kill yourselves.

David S, he organized two successful campaigns. You lost, you are a loser. Man up and accept reality.Keep him over there.

really goin to fort Apache?that means Iran is goin down!!!sorry for the innocents

I have only one question for him... Are you f¨in kidding me?

U S A  knows it needs Israel, that is why we fund them

Mr. President Obama pay The 500 Million Your U. S. Justice Department is "In DEFAULT FOR" and Answer for TORTURE OF A U.S. CITIZEN and The Rampage Of MURDERS YOU "ORDERED" via U. S. DRONE PROJECT Those INNOCENT PEOPLE DESERVE "JUSTICE" Mr. President Obama under United State v. Nixon, sound &amp; Look Familiar that was, When The U. S. Justice Department Actually DID THEIR JOB, and SUPREME COURT JUSTICES THOUGHT OF THE PEOPLES "CIVIL RIGHTS"! Not the "CO - CONSPIRING U.S. SUPREME COURT JUSTICES", We The PEOPLE HAVE NOW !!!!! . . . . Anothet HINT, HINT CONSPIRACY CARRIES NO "IMMUNITY", Does That HELP?

This fungus, Netanfukku has got to be cleaned up. I wonder when the world is goin gto find cure? It has got to be one America cannot veto.

I am not sure what questions there will be, he will go, kiss their #$%$, beg for forgiveness, return, and tell everyone he has them right where he wants them.

Is he taking a blank check with him? Taxpayers money.. No wonder America is falling apart

The major powers it says....the major powers are the biggest imperialists of all time...they have all kept land they won in wars. Israel won the '67 War...including and especially Jerusalem, Gaza and the West Bank....all belong to Israel now....like New Mexico, the Falklands, Martinique, etc..

Obama says,"yeah, it's bad but I think we can work together to find a way to get Iran to stop making a bomb. If the American people can work together, so can Lebanon, Israel, and Iran.""I want the American people to pay more, and maybe everything will be OK. Hopefully the American people will understand that we owe China a lot money and with all your savings accounts. I can pay it all back, and I love seeing people be patriotic after I get their money."His only hope and change is to empower the Muslim Brotherhood!  What a pos!

And I thought this Netanyahoofukk would be swimming with the sharks in the Atlantic by now. He's like a fungus.

This trip - all for show! His leftest agenda doesn't include Israel.

Obama must man up to Israel !!

so the DRONE is Visting Israel? and BUSH is STILL in Control of his Puppet. Do as we SAY the NWO Told Obama or he will be Joining Hugo Chavez at JFK's parade.

He can just stay over there.

I just hope Obama Eats what Mossad fed Hugo Chavez. or Netanyahu Eats what the CIA Fed Hugo Chavez. Or better yet, Bush, Obama and Netanyahu ALL eat the same Dish.The world would be a Much Better Place.

is Obama going to mention how the CIA and Mossad's STUXNET VIRUS infected 4 cruise ships last week when their MONSTER Got loose on the internet? This after STUXNET did fukushima, gulf oil spill, gas and water pipe ruptures, oh and that dreamliner battery problem? sure all sounds like the STUXNET Virus to ME. Oops, the Big Secret is OUT.

Perhaps if Obama sends his go to guy for making peace in the trouble spots over for diplomacy we can solve this thing.  Oh, wait... Dennis Rodman is too busy planing his vacation with Kim Jun Fool

Obama doesn't hate Jews ... any more than  Hagel hates jews.Who will Obama apologize too in Israel? Maybe he just kiss a camel butt.

He should stay here, save the money and he can still show the world what a worthless #$%$ he really is and maybe the kids could have a day or two of white house tours with the money saved. Or, better yet. He might be able to just hitch a ride, like our astronauts have to do with the Russians next time they go to Israel. They don't like Israel either.

Obama will say and do essentially nothing, meeting his own personal agenda, thus "the change" he needed.

Hopefully he is unable to come back.

Our 'closest' ally in the Middle East deliberately and knowingly attacked USS Liberty in international waters on 8 June 1967:Obama is not expected to come with any new Palestinian peace initiative and will spend most of his time in Israel, the closest U.S. ally in the Middle East, where he will make a keynote speech to hundreds of students.Such close allies our enemies should be blessed with.

Whats Israeli's GDP for this year without USAID?

Israeli officials, who see Iran's nuclear advances as an existential threat, make no secret of the fact that they would prefer to see the U.S. military, with its greater firepower, tackle Iran's far-flung atomic installations. Yeah NO Kidding. Contact your political legislators America. Tell them to have Isreal fight their own war. We have spent enough blood and money over there in the last 11 years.

Good article. Since a new Government has just been formed by Netanyahu, I can not guess the amount Obama and Bibi  will agree. Even with disagreement they might work well together. I think Obama would like to ask many questions about  Israeli plans. Also the Iran situation needs some "WHAT IF?" discussion. there is much more in this trip than spreading good cheer. The Sinai has Treaty,  Bedouin, rocket, pipeline problems.  Syria and Iraq could heat up. The old problems: Gaza, Jerusalem, and the West Bank need attention. Oil in the Med. Sea might help; but Turkey, Cyprus, Egypt, Gaza and Lebanon  pop up.!

In the picture... is that Barrack hiding behind the Israeli flag?

Pretty sure the jews don't want him there anymore than they want him here.Familiar correlation:  We stood by and did nothing to prevent HAMAS from taking over the other side of the west bank and Gaza.  A rag-tag milita group not nearly as armed as the soviets that occupied cuba back in the day, but as soon as they became the formal authority of the country and asserting palestinian nationalism-   suddenly they became this huge...we need to send Israel 7 million dollars a month for the Iron Dome threat!!!  POINT (1)POINT (2) Everyone just loved Martin Luther King as long as he was singing church songs , holding hands, and swaying behind the choir!  As soon as he asserted himself as a real leader and understanding of politics and spoke up for BLACK NATIONALISM, he was killed, Almost simantaneously the entire black empowerment movement was being hijacked by Edgar Hoover.

Now who in the hell will believe our lying President---his whole life is a lie.  He doesn't know what the truth is.   Obama has about as much sense as a bale of hay.  Netanyahu shouldn't waste his time meeting with this "jackass."

If god gave Israel to the jews then god should give them that money for their defense against all those ficticious boogymen.

Stupid #$%$

I will have just one question for Obama: "What's it like, BOBO, being in bed with BIBI?"

For all of you folks that want Obama to stay home to save money, and I'm one of them, then add cancelling foreign aid to Israel.  No need to keep sending billions to Israel, and other countries that should be standing on their own two feet.  Enough of foreign giveaway!

Obama had to delay this trip until the election and the Fiscal cliff. Romney tried to make Bibi a "TOOL".  There is a question  as to how well the new Israeli cabinet will mesh. good luck. In the USA President is boss, but State Dept has some influence.

JERUSALEM (Reuters) - President Barack Obama is due ...?!Our President is due the full protection of the Constitution. As De Gaulle reminded us: “nations have no friends: nations have interests”. But, of course, every Christian should have the right to visit The Holy Lands and that includes The President of The United States of America.

What is about to take place in Israel when Obama concludes his trip should not surprise a single person,rember when He told Medeved that when he is realected he will have more lateral room to do what will be more benifical  for America and Russia,will for all intent and purpose throw Israel under the bus.

It was never a country, it was part of a British protectorate following the destruction of the Ottoman Empire after WWI. Transjordon was also part of the area. Eventually the protectorate was dissolved and the State of Israel was formed for the Jews and the State of Jordon was created for the peoples that now call themselves Palestinians. The Palestinians rejected this arrangement but they have a state established from the former Ottoman Empire and it is Jordon.A country with an independent government has never existed that was called Palestine. It was a name given to a region of the Ottoman Empire, and never a country.IRAN AND THE BOMB?That's totally funny... Israel has more than 300 nukes own by now ; how's talking about it?Israel finally would push the U.S to the hell.

there goes the closed door white house savings

Obama FUNDS the  Muslim brotherhood , has them visit the Whitehouse (numerous times) , gives them fighters and tanks in Egypt.  then  we  all  THINK he is a  FRIEND TO ISRAEL !  WHY????  WHAT HAS HE DONE TO AID ISRAEL ? NOTHING!!!

At no time in history has there ever been a nation called Palestine.  During the Ottoman Empire, which lasted from 1299-1922 CE, the land dubbed by the Romans as Palestine was controlled by the Turks; there was never an outcry for a Palestinian State then.  During the illegal annexation of Judea and Samaria by the Hashemite kingdom of Jordan subsequent to the 1949 Armistice and prior to 1967, there was never talk of "occupied territory" or a Palestinian State.  Why did the dynamic change subsequent to Israel's glorious victory in the Six-Day War -- a conflict unprovoked by Israel?Search as you will -- throughout the annals of history, Israel is the only nation victorious in war on successive occasions and then expected by the vanquished and the world at large to sue for peace, to cede land she reclaimed that was historically hers to begin with.  It raises the question: which of the "Quartet" cajoling Israel to acquiesce to Palestinian demands should be allowed land won in conflict?

Israel need to understand Obomas first item on his agenda is to futher fund Islamic exstreamest backing nations with more money saying its to insure  control of Egypt and Pakistan..

Obama does not go to Israel and he is an Isreali-hater.  Obama goees to Israel and he is just creating a photo-op.  To some on the right, Obama would be wrong if he said the sun comes up in the East.

He will tell yahoo, "stop the squatters or I'm cutting off your welfare checks."

Obama is not the problem, the problem is Israel who acts like a terrorist and thinks it is above International law.  Obama should go back to his original stance that Israel must give up the lands it stole in 1967.  Israel should be told once again to accept its designated borders, make meanigful efforts toward peace with its neighbours and only then should it's allies provide support. There are many problems in the Middle East to be sure but Israel refuses to be party to any solution and remains the major stumbling block to peace in the region.  If Israel deserves a homeland then so does Palestine, the occupied lands offer a perfect solution.  The USA should withdraw support for Israel until it agrees to enter into a diplomatic solution that may require ending settlement expansion.  With diplomacy Jordan, Egypt and perhaps even a liberated Syria could help make peace a reality.  Sadly Israel has not made any effort, they are like a spoiled child who will not share their candy and as a result deserve to be ostracized.

Republicans plan to avoid debates to avoid public answers to the questions they ask.

As long as we put ISRAEL FIRST and america last,  we should be in good shape.I agree with all of you!! Its time he pay some attention to issues that affect blacks the most in this country and let the blue tie club manage Israel.   Quite frankly you conservatives are hypocrites you should be as tired holding Israel's hand as you are paying for the medicine for elderly, school free lunch programs, and the other vital social programs you want to cut.  What should Obama do in Israel?   He should do the right thing and not take sides but to expedite the message of mutual respect between nations.  For those that don't want the Palestinians to be a nation. This is precisely our problem in the middle east How long can we send the message Israel can be the only weapon bearer and expect a region with over 1.7 billion Arabs to comply.  Well I'm sure the world would be safer without an extremely nuclear Russia as well but nevertheless what can we do about Russia's sovereignty.We have learned nothing from history and that makes the future a bit scary!

The bottom line is that there should be an independent Palestinian state, period. Anyone who doesn't agree knows nothing about history nor about the Palestinian people. Israel was created out of land taken away from the Palestinians. There had been no Israel basically since the time of Jesus. Prior to WWII, the British had held that land just as they had their other umpteen thousand colonies - again, with no regard for those who actually lived there. Forget that "God promised the Jews this land" BS. We Americans get bamboozled into thinking Israelis = good, Palestinians = bad. The Jewish people were given Israel as a gift for their suffering under the #$%$. Yes, they suffered greatly, but what they should have been given was part of Germany or Austria. Those countries lost THEIR war. The Palestinians had nothing to do with it. Now they fire rockets and throw stones because they have no other means to fight the Israelis, who deny their right to anything. Are the Jews vulnerable over there? Of course. Iran is the most obvious threat. But Americans need to read a few (real) history books (the ones that don't gloss over the US's massacre of Native Americans, for example). Until the Palestinians get their own country, there will not be any chance of peace in the Middle East. Maybe there never will be, but at least then we'd have a better reason to help defend the Israelis.

Yeah like why Israel has never helped US against the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists, even allows them to operate in the Golan heights, and to maim &amp; murder Syrian Christians, who their best friend &amp; ally, the US, the overall majority are Christians. Remember they told us that these Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists did 9/11 and declared a war on terror against, yet Israel wants us to go after the Christians, &amp; secular muslims, and white people of Iran, who are the Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists mortal enemies. With friends like that, who needs enemies?

Obama remember......all of this is so tough when dealing with God's chosen people.

Despite 27 invasions and conquests subsequent to the Grand Monarchy of Kings David and Solomon, Jews have always had a contiguous connection to this land.  Only in the minds of the disparaging and the uninitiated did she ever relinquish it.  If not the land of Israel, where are Jews from?  Poland?  The Ukraine?  Russia?  Only hateful revisionists such as Helen Thomas, Mel Gibson, Oliver Stone, and some sanctimonious liberal  loonies with Ph.D.s inculcating our kids with venom believe that.As to the other detractors of Israel in the EU and the U.N., I ask the following questions.  Who legitimately owns Alsace-Lorraine -- the Germans or the French?  It's changed hands so many times over the past five hundred years that no one has a clue.  What's Turkey doing in Northern Cyprus?  Where is the world uproar over China's occupation of Tibet, East Turkestan, Inner Mongolia, and Manchuria?We can go on and on and on with this.  Certainly the Jewish people have at least as great a legitimate claim to their historic homeland than any of these other nations, and certainly more so than the so-called Palestinian Arabs do.Why are the rules of international relations being changed for Israel?  Is it because after thousands of years, the world at large can't bear to see the Jewish people once again in charge of their own land and their own destiny?

Obama must bow down to his Zionist masters in public.The Zionist Viceroy in the US is Hentry Kissenger.

1 Question,1 Answer.Who fights Iran?You do not the USA.

the only good PALI is a dead PALI,,,,,GO ISRAEL,,,,make it happen

We don't support "invade and occupy" ourselves of a foreign land then why do we support Israel who does the same ?????????

Iran the Arabs and the Palestinians are the most kind and peaceful nations in the Middle-East. Get rid of Israel and the world will be harmonious, peaceful and a better place to live. hua?‘Israel has gone beyond apartheid South Africa’On the eve of President Barack Obama's reluctant visit to Israel, orchestrated by the powerful AIPAC lobby, it is as well to remember that:1.	Professor John Dugard, Judge of the International Court of Justice and Special Rapporteur  for the UN Commission on Human Rights &amp; the International Law Commission,  has written, as follows:"Israel discriminates against Palestinians in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, of half a million Israeli settlers. Its restrictions on freedom of movement, manifested in countless humiliating checkpoints, resemble the "pass laws" of apartheid. Its destruction of Palestinian homes resembles the destruction of homes belonging to blacks under apartheid's Group Areas Act. The confiscation of Palestinian farms under the pretext of building a security wall brings back similar memories. And so on. Indeed, Israel has gone beyond apartheid South Africa in constructing separate (and unequal) roads for Palestinians and settlers."2.	The Israeli paradigm has shifted from being "the only democracy in the Middle East" to the only apartheid regime in the Western world".3.	Israel claims to be a liberal democracy but a democratic state would not induce half a million of its citizens to leave their homes to illegally settle on Muslim Arab land in violation of the Geneva Conventions. Nor would they kill civilians on the high seas or have terrorists burn down olive groves and destroy houses in the West Bank.4.	Israel is the only secret nuclear weapons state in the world. Its Dimona nuclear facility having been hidden from IAEA inspection.5.	It is believed by US scientists to have amassed a covert arsenal of up to 400 warheads at latest estimates (2012). Its stockpile of Weapons of Mass Destruction is greater than that held by any European state including France and Britain.6.	It is a proliferator of nuclear weapons, its former defense minister, Shimon Peres, now president, reportedly having offered to sell WMD to the South African apartheid regime to be used against the ANC movement of Nelson Mandela.7.	Israel refuses to sign the NPT because its nuclear arsenal is not merely for defense. That would require less than 10% of its current stockpile. Israel’s arsenal is very clearly for offense i.e. so called pre emptive attacks against its neighbours.8.	Israel refuses to accept the jurisdiction of either the International Court of Justice or the International Criminal Court!It is the greatest single threat to regional instability and world peace today and the AIPAC lobby are unlikely to succeed in forcing President Obama to try to defend the indefensible.________________________________________

strange, I don't see in article how Obama is Visiting the Grave of the Founder of ZIONISM. You know those Zionists, the ones in control of the USA, and WHO gets Elected. like you had the choice the Zionist run news gave you of Zionist Obama or Zionist Romney. Obama, You are Just a Puppet of the NWO Zionists. Some CHANGE. Meet the New Boss, SAME as the Old Jhewish Zionist BOSS.

Many issues are needed to be solved between  Master and servant that is Israel  and US.But Obama administration should not forget that helping Jews in their tyranny against Palestinians will invoke Jesus Christ's displeasure over Christians. Killers should not be encouraged.

I hope that President Obama will be more firm with David (netenyahu) who is still going after Palestinians and tell slow down . I feel that david now has the support of the  republican/tee party members in Washngton and if david doesn't get his toys he won't even listen to the president. We had the romney robot who went there during the  campaign and who know what he said. We also had congressman and senators like the pain mc cain trying to stir up controversy for the president. I think we should cancel the (10 billion dollars??) a month or year that we give them. Let my tax dollar go to something that benefits us here in the U S.

One question everyone wants an answer to is; does that midget from "fantasy Island " live in Sarah Palin's bedroom closet?

We must help israel with all our assets

israHELL is a pox on humanity.

Why in the world does Benjamin Netanyahu get to lecture the US Congress for hours, when he comes to the USA?Why does Netanyahu get 20 standing ovations from the US Congress when he comes to the USA?

i hope they're getting their suicide bombers ready. an eye for an eye, a suicide bomber for a drone bomber.

#$%$ the jew!jew is only 1% USA,american believe jews are the roots of all evils and a cancer to the core USA.F The Jew Flag i wipe my A.. with it

Whenever I think Palestinian I think Ferengi.

The Middle East solution is simple: Why don't we replace Muslims in the Middle East with Mexicans people. Basically, make it where Muslims do not have children anymore in these backward countries, we could do this through government incentives, similar to welfare, but instead of paying Muslims to have children, we pay them NOT to have children. This would solve the immigration problem in America as well. Mexicans will improve the gene pool in these Islamic countries and work hard and treat their women with dignity, only then will Allah and Mohammad the Great be happy.

best of friends

I hope Obama, spends about 5 minutes in israel, and gets out of that hell. It is an insult for an american president to visit such criminal hellhole like israel

(R) 2014 &amp; 2016 Gov. RICK PERRY Report:  Who ask those stupid questions ? Answer or no answer is still over 75% of Jews had been voted for the Democratic Party and re-elected Obama. The Catholic Pope Francis should care more about the Palestinian, they are suffering from the "Intimacy or Sparsity" policy.  Jews are NO friend with American Republican Party, ONLY (R) Sen. Lindsey Graham and (R) Sen. John McCain are acting like a jerk obsequious to the Israel.

@Yuri Chenzenko, the communist. You said: "Israel is not only country in Midleast let focus on other issues such as starvation in across northern Africa with million of people are dying slowly."The answer to you:1. Israel is the stabilizing force in the midle east. Without Israel, the muslims would have, by now, taken complete control of the area, and parts of Europe. Millions of "infidels" would have been slaugthered by terrorists.2. Why do we have to care for those savages in Africa, while there are millions of unemployed people, willing to work and go back to be productive (no reference to the hordes of Obamaite leaches who will NOT work)???