I guess they both went to the same stylist.

He's got that Crazy Gadhafi Hairdo and sunglasses, he's a deadman walking for sure.

Those Gadhafi's sure like their sunglasses.

the article seems to suggest a quid pro quo where Egypt hands over a known bad guy for a promise of investments by Libya?.....held for ransom?

I don't think a Hollywood mystery writer could come up with this stuff. It's almost like everybody is a cousin or friend over there.

Some second cousin of Gaddafi's whose family has been living in Egypt for generations gets the KGB treatment from Mursi, or rather, being National Socialists, the Gestapo treatment. Warning to all other commoners? Don't even think of speaking or acting against the Brotherhood or you and your extended family will be dead.

That guy looks like Gadoofy

..another bite the dust...next?  Amazed,  he looks like Gaddafi, but younger, ha?

Another Duck.

Probably arrested him with USA 'foreign aid'.But we can't pay our forest rangers, and we can't help our military with college tuition once they're finally out and re-entering the anemic job force.Over 6 months after the Benghazi 9-11 attacks/murders of 4 Americans-- and 0 (zero) "folks" brought to justice by our Commander in Chief.

Anyone and Everyone associated with the old regime will be killed.....................The Muslim Brotherhood will kill everyone who opposes them........

The Muslim Brotherhood will silence everyone who opposes them or who supported the old regime's in these overthrown countries........................

Purges, murders and torture, welcome to the ignorant brotherhood.

They must be tried in Libya with the law they also put in place.

Is Libya better off now?

How could this man have been apprehended and jailed without starting two wars, killing thousands of American servicemen, and spending $trillions?

Muslims killing Muslims!Good for everyone!

Ok

THE POWERS AT BE" DO NOT WANT HIM TO TELL THE REAL TRUTH ABOUT WHY WE TOOK OUT ANOUTHER " ANTI NWO " LEADER............?The only reason Obama backed this was because he knew his Muslim brothers were going to seize the country for the terrorists as soon has he was overthrown. He even sent Egypt hundreds of millions in "Aid" that was funnelled to the terrorists cells in Libya to help buy support in the region and gain positions of power during the struggle. Now all of Gadhafi's aids and family are being silenced to forever bury the truth behind everything that had happened. Now the same is being done in Syria. That 250 million given to the Muslim Brotherhood is earmarked to be funnelled to the Syrian terrorist cells so they too can buy weapons and local support. They now need to position themselves to gain control as soon as the government falls.

That foto doesn't look like an arrest. He's probably being taken to dine with Obama.

Save the airfare, hang him there locally.

Crazy Muslims on dope, crazy Muslims on dope.

If it says Libby, Libby Libby on the label, label you will bomb it, bomb it for Obama's table.

He should have know you can not trust a muslim to stick with the deal they made.

I'm sure he will get a fair trial

You know I have nothing against a dictator as long as the people are happy. You can tell just how bad Gaddafi was by just looking at the title of this article.

They had the same barber.

I wonder when Egypt will realize that helping the U.S. achieve its goals benefits no one aside from Americans?Is that Phil Valentine with black hair?

Don't speak out against the Obama brotherhood either---he has the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) to arrest (white) American citizens as well. Wake up sheeple.

The Muslim animal spends more time slaughtering each other than trying to form a  government where everyone can live in peace.

He will be water boarded within a week.

Egypt is going right down the toilet.

I thought only Russia and teenage anorexics did this, 'Purge'.

Gadhafi would still be alive if it wasn't for western thievery.  Turning anyone over to libyia is a guarenteed torture

The Muslim Brotherhood is also a Dictatorship.........

So, in order to secure Libyan investment in Egypt, Egypt's bad guys have arrested a Libyan bad guy to turn him over to other bad guys in Libya.

Gene Simmons looks pretty good!Gaddafis are everyone on the world, even in the USA.  They know how to have sex.

SO

He would have did better coming to the United States and opening up a few gas stations.I wonder how many bags of money Morsi received for handing him over?

This is what happens to a non-royal non-Mohammed descended commoner who deigns to claim himself a leader of a Muslim nation. The Muslim Brotherhood and their terrorist minions will kill him, and his family, and his cousins, and his cousin's cousins, and anyone who's remotely related to the blasphemer, w.

I like his hair !

Arresting people for who they know, coming to a city near you

arrested  Egyptian christians for spreading christianity....   Its too bad people judge other people on their religon of beliefs and not by the person them self's.  they might find they actually get long well!

They will hunt down all of his family, exterminating them. It is the Muslim tribal way - exterminate the family and then the clan. And thus a new oppression will begin with the elimination of the opposition.

I'm sure Egypt can take the moral high ground here...................not

At least this copy &amp; paste writer included "Libya's former dictator Moammar Gadhafi" in the article, but he gets bad marks for not mentioning that Obama supported Brotherhood royals 'Mohammed' Magariaf and 'Mohamed' Mursi are the current dictators of Libya and Egypt respectively.Beware of politicians in sun glasses.

Wonder who does his hair? Very chic!

What's the charge,,,, not killing all the embassy staff in Beghazzi ?Fair enough too.

He won't be smiling when he sees what is in store for him back home.

Sad. These guys were mowed down by the global elite. The world needs to come after them.This world needs a purge of these evil rulers not low level players that don't want to play ball with the big boys.

Is that Raffi from the league??

Tensions rose in past weeks after Libyan militias arrested scores of Egyptian Christians who were accused of spreading Christianity. After their release, the Christians said they were tortured while in detention.Qaddafi didnt torture them? That right he wasnt a Wahabi fanatic like the Saudi installed Libyan puppets in power now. Qa

Their cousins identical cousins connected by the spine an obstetrician would lose his mind, one likes to go outside take a walk feed the birds, the other likes to ROCK @ ROLL lose control HEEEYYYYY!

Headline: Montreal Gazette: Government had plan to ensure commercial return on military ‘investment’ in Libya: DocumentsThey destroyed the country, let the Radical Muslims take hold of it, stole billions already, and are trying to silence everyone who knows the truth.

I wonder if Egypt would send someone to Interpol as FAST as they did for Libya, if the USA wanted a terrorist that was apprehended there?The Coptic Christians have suffered greatly for centuries at the hands of these fanatic Muslim nutcases.

80 lashes and hanging is in order.

Hey Cuz

Only Obama understands the logic of the brotherhood.

Stand him in a Libyan courtroom dock and let justice and evidence preveil...INSHALLAH!

Obama really likes those who are taking over in Libya.  They are Islamists too, just like the prez.

We are not terrorists to be ambushed like this," he said. Yea, well right now you are not, but don't anybody turn their backs on these pieces of #$%$.....to the Gallows.....

someone please knock his teeth out!!

The Cops leave anywhere a Gun is Fired, interesting. Why would you fire your gun in the air to chase off the cops ?

I will bet a bucket of Egyptian Dates that this maggot has lost his stupid smile by now. LOL.Mursi .. Has become MUBARAK-2 .. Gaddaffi was against ZIONISTS .. Mursi and Muslim Brotherhood ... Belong to CIA ;)

Just destroy the whole family.

Sure do miss the good old days with Saddam and Gadhafi.It's a shame what happened to them.

there is only one way to wipe the smile off these animals faces.

Wow...he really looks like Gadhafi .....kill him!

He'd better watch his rear end, or the Obama Brotherhood will insert a broom handle up in there like they did to his famous cousin.

Hope he has the same undignified death as his POS cousin.Wonder what happened to the billions of dollars they had hidden in banks around the world?

More Muslim on Christain hate

We will defend our house until the end-----WELL SAID+++CHICKEN+++

America jailed him. She paid the hired rebels to murder his uncle. Oil grab, power, and greed !Take him to libya and HANG him there ASAP.Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.

Lets see how the Christian world like being the object of being oppressed in all the fine new Moslem countries, Egypt, Libya, just like Iran. Remember the Jewish faith is allowed in Iran its not a crime as the Jews have the exact same way to the lord above. Second class yes a criminal offense no. Maybe then the west will see what they are up against in the near future in Europe.

i own several pair of gadhafi sunglasses there very stylish !

They should have killed him and made it all easy.

IGNORANT, all of you. CLITON (yeah #$%$) said we need to kill gadafhi because he was a danger to his own people, this being said while ASSAD was KILLING UNARMED protesters. (gadafhi's protesters where ARMED and armed heavily). When are you all going to wake up.  You gave me a choice of  people to have dinner with Obama, Bush, Cheney, Gadafhi.  Sorry folks but gadafhi I'm guessing would have been more interesting and more fun, and I'm guessing more Honest.  If these people will kill leaders in cold blood, nationally, don't think for a minute your life means #$%$ to them.

gadhafi with his plastic surgery all healed up. Used micheal jacksons old doc since he has no client anymore.

It's Gadhafi!  He's alive...check is #$%$.....to be sure.

Hopefully, they will hang him with a short rope.

Wait...I thought it was Ghadafi's cousin not Gene Simmons...

Wicth hunting, is libya better off now than before?? Or is it him who murdered in benghazi ambassador  Steve and others ??? Crooks...I bet it's very difficult to be a christain int these countrys.

Gadaffi's cousin is being held on "his role during the 2011 uprising".  So who is holding NATO and its thugs responsible for bombing once Africa's most prosperous country back to the Stone Age?

Who is prosecuting the rebels who committed atrocities during the war? In other words, the rebels are now doing to Gadaffi's affiliates what Gaddafi was doing to them BUT it's ok when they do it?

"Last year, Libya's general prosecutor had requested that Egypt hand over 40 Libyans affiliated with Gadhafi"Yet the Libyans won't hand over our let us even talk to the killer of the USA ambassador.

He must realize that his days are numbered.  I would be surprised if he even makes it to trial.

Creepy...who knew there was another snake on the face of the earth that looked like that...

It was for the money, religion was not something they could put in their coffers.

EGYPT LIKE VIOLENCE,IT IS THEIR WORK!!!!!!!!!!!

betcha dey wanna suports the great o' leader khaddafiery

"I have learned to hate all traitors, and there is no disease that I spit on more than treachery. Obama"He should have changed his name, new hair style and don't wear the Ghadaffi "signature" glasses to avoid being detected.

What did they mean in the article when they said " he and his cousin were gay pedefiles?

How does he have a Limo? Guess he helped himself to some retirement money when he left Libya.

the writer obviously didn't like this guy or he'd just be an aide, not a close aide. He she or it probably didn't like Kadaffi either, probably because he was head of the UN human rights commission- people equally discerning.

The US need to clean its back yard before butting in other's affairs. America SURLY NEED TO DO MUCH, MUCH WORK IN IT'S SOCIETY.

The only good thing about this POS, is his nice teeth.

yeah there is a strong family resemblance there ..lol

this is all "Bizarre" Gaddaf El Dum meaning "Blood Thrust" has always been most welcome to Egypt.He had lots &amp; lots of investments in Egypt. It is all Bizarre. I wonder how much Egypt got in cash in return. The guy is a dead man, if he will be handed over to Libya.

No one is safe from Muslim Brothehood...No one!

soon  they  will  arrest  the  5th  cousins  nephew  as wellll!!   enough already!!What is it with that funky hairdo???  Is that a family trait????

Now Egypt should release the American Christians they now have in custody.

Firing Squad

and the news is?

dont believe a word of this S H I &amp;

I am praying for the christians that they tortured. May god be with you and your families and bless you for spreading his word.

Nonsense. Please leave him alone now! The dude called George who lives near me here in Dallas should be arrested instead. Stop the double standard now!!!

Moammar Gadhafi     is really former Gov NY  David Patterson.Wake up you #$%$ Holes

,,,the Muslim world should "Buy &amp; Sell in Gold currency"!!!:),,,like what Kadhafi wanted to do,,,,this will ultimately destroy America !!!:D

jew's money supplies enslaves whitemen Nato and EU,Interpol and mossad-israel are an terrorist organisation,killing and removing kaddfi [libya] for israel/jews interest.This is propaganda at its best. Gadhadfi was not a dictator, if he was they would not of lost to the war NATO pulled on them. He had a Government that would not allow him to defend his people in all reality. They also would not let him start a new coin made out of gold for his people that he paid for to be made. NATO is warring in Syria now using same tactics it used to overthrow Libya. The U.S.A. military is run by the U.N. and NATO, not our congress, for those that do not know. Go to youtube and see real story of how this great leader was lied about and how the people loved him for what he had done for them. Don't believe the media, it is lying to you.

Hillary and Gore 2016

That is good news, hope all Dictatorship group and supporter will be arrested and take their punishment.