Hey, a smart terrorist, took himself out before innocent people were killed.

This "wacko" got it right he killed himself first saved lives and taxpayer money, wheres the description of the assualt weapons mentioned in the HEADLINES of the first story?????

A happy ending to a potentially sad story. And before you bleeding hearts start in, just let me say, one less "wacko" off of the streets that could have killed somebody. It's obvious he should have been in a cage to begin with. I'll hand it to him, at least he didn't take others lives first. He's almost to be applauded for that.

BTW, another example of when these jackasses are confronted, either by someone with a gun or the cops, they off themselves. Every time. So why do we want to make campuses gun free zones again????

Good for him,good job.

Is there a video game out there yet called, "Kill Lots of People then SUICiDE!!". I think this variation is better all the way around.

I bet he heard about the new and improved background checks and decided it was impossible to carry out his plan.  Or he was just stupid like  the ones who are trying to pass it.

And behind the closed door of Sen. Feinstein's office a loud scream sounding like "Dammit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" can be heard. Opportunity lost. What a shame huh.

Another Muslim bites the dust. There's more to this than they are telling us.

30 years old living in a dorm......It's always sad when a human being spirals into such depths of dispair, though I am thankful that his actions spared others, I am saddened that yet another young person has met such a terrible fate. I find myself asking "why?" whenever I read such reports. Not sure what the answer is I can only pray that others like this young man get the intervention they need so such tragedies can be avoided.

Well good. He took his own life when it became too much to bear instead of others. Sad but a good gesture. Thoughts to his family and friends.

James Oliver Seevakumaran. This name could have been engraved in notoriety. He killed himself and I feel like saying, "good for him".

I wish every maniac would the same

Can't stand a chicken killer!BE A MAN DUDE!GET EVEN!  Push back!  "Resist Thou Evil"The worst thing is just kill yourself- then "THEY" win!

People approaching with guns made him change his mind. That's interesting.