Bosco.Really.Wasn't that George Costanza's secret ATM code?

The DRC now has a great democratically elected leader in Joseph Kabila...but he is working on a shoestring budget since most of the country has been devastated by years of warfare/illegal natural resource extraction and rebel militias. (rebel militias likely funded by illegal resource/minerals extraction). The lack of legal/government regulated commerce and ability to get tax-funding from rebels/militias and others extracting resources ILLEGALLY in DRC.....will make this newly formed democracy difficult to manage for a while. Without tax-revenue....keeping/funding democratic government, police and military, schools and other public institutions....which benefit the poor...will be a challenge. Rebels militias will make the management of DRC's new legitimate democracy even more difficult. The rebels claim the elections were not fair..but in a war-torn/impoverished nation like the DRC, the fact that democratic election of ANY KIND even happened is a miracle. Elections will get better as peace is maintained and DRC's economy recovers. The DRC is one of the most natural resource-rich nations on earth. Illegal resource extraction by rebel militias and their funders...who benefit from this illegal resource extraction....are highly destructive/polluting and undermines legitimate government tax-revenue....rebel-militias illegally extracting natural resources in the DRC pay no taxes and compete with legitimate government. Without taxes you cannot have government...without government you cannot have democracy...but only rule by the rich and heavily armed.....which is what DRC has had in the past...as natural resource revenues/tax revenues were sent out of the country to foreign bank accounts.....by corrupt criminal leaders who were enriching themselves and living lavishly abroad. DRC citizens should not let their new democracy fail....or their new democratically elected leader Kabila....this will be a grave mistake. Rebel-militias and the illegal natural-resource extraction.... which rebels bring.....are a default back to the past and poverty/ruin/criminal militias.

Now send them into northern NIGERIA TO KILL OFF THE ISLAMIST terrorists... trained killers to back forces in Mali..and the Sahal...make them work out their anger in a just fight..not in jails!

Iam at a loss here who are the good guys.

It is interesting how close a copy of US Army uniforms these people are wearing.

The fighting will never stop as long as there is two tribes in this area .SAD !!!!!

Another peaceful crowd of blacks in Africa killing other blacks just like in America an the UK. They will never evolve.

This is all part of the legacy of Bill Clinton and Kofee Anan who screwed up that part of the world due to their dovish nature in using force.  Had the UN intervened forcefully early on in the Rawandan conflict literally millions of lives would have been saved.  That puts Bill Clinton and Kofee Anan right up there with some of the greatest mass murderers in the world.  Of course liberal democrats only want to talk about the people that died in Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan which is about 1 or 2% of the carnaga that has happened in Rwanda and east Congo.

I was in Kinshasa in '95, listening to the war moving closer and closer.  The more things change, the more they stay the same."Only the dead know the end of war."  (plato?)"Peace occurs when humans are extinct."  (dash)"Biden's dumber than an ashtray." (some rich guy)

Huh ! Hmm...What does this M23

alright, these rebels surrednered and there is peace coming soon. Now if the Syrain rebels did the same thing, peace would enter there, too.

Flee to where?

The good guy's are the ones we can kill easier.

It's crazy really,if they are eating themselves and now Congolese should not Jump anyhow in the bandwagon as the writting is clearly on the wall. That these rebels are crooks

Jim ketchel a peace group of whites killing another group of whites oh I'm sorry the entire span of European history will you ever evolve. Bigot

It sounds just like the same gang banger problem we have in this country only the names are different.