They have a free reign, with this administration`s foreign policies and if "a drone can`t do it plan"!

Obama will not allow any other approach than what he currently had in process - sanctions, negotiation, and, apparently now,  the redefinition of various terms to create the perception of compliance with world demands. He will say anything to avoid direct action including lengthening his estimate as to when Iran will achieve breakout. Iran will promise anything and endure any sanctions to acquire nuclear weapons capability - a dangerous combination for the Mideast and the world.

They sure can, as long as it's on Iran's terms.

Israel shouldn't have any representative there, they didn't sign the NNPT

Fordo must not and will not close down.Enrichment must not and will not stop.Talks must only be about a nuclear arms free Middle East &amp; the world.I am American and consider Israel as US's main enemy.

As a signatory to NPT treaty, Iran has the explicit right to develop nuclear energy for peaceful purposes.So far, the West accusations are just speculations, like the late Saddam WMD's.

The the reasons for and the effects of the sanctions aren't "speculations."  Imo, Iran will continue on the path that they've been on which will require the US, NATO, and others to act. (I hope not but I see nothing from Iran to make me think otherwise.)  And that's not a "speculation" either.  Iran is inching closer to developing offensive nuclear weapons.  They know it and everyone else knows it.  At some pt, they will be stopped. It's that simple.  The West will not allow Iran to morph into the next N.K.

Short of bring invaded (which I am not advocating) or a major revolution, nothing will stop Iran from getting a nuke.  We need to keep trying, but be well aware that it probably won't work and have a back up plan. They need to know that if any nuclear bomb goes off in the world that has Iran's fingerprints on it, that it will be considered a direct nuclear attack on the US and we will respond in kind.  Not pleasant, but will likely be the only thing that has a chance of working.

Anyone who believes ANYTHING Iran (and the like) says is a fool.

The only progress I see is Iran getting closer to nuclear weapons.

" last spring – Iran for the first time formally said its 20-percent enrichment was up for negotiation" Three years ago the monkey had agreed to stop the %20 production and transfer their existing %20 product to Turkey in exchange for fuel rods but the West rejected it and wanted them to stop all atomic work altogether. That is what was reported back then. Is Scott Peterson kind of new this work?Israel does what ever the f.k the want, continue to built settlements in the West Bank, against the U.N. madate.  Why should Iran do what the U.N. wants? It's biase and unequal treatment.

Unless Iran give's the IAEA the ability to investigate area's where bomb testing and/or bomb making has or might take place this mean's nothing. That has been a big part of the issue to begin with. 11 year's of deception wont just go away without Iran changing their own decision making by the one guy who has no interest in talking at all.

If Iran would allow the West oil conglomerates to have a piece of pie in Iran oil &amp; gas resources, the ruse of Iran acquiring an A bomb would vanish into thin air.

Obama going to Israel, keep your friends close and keep your enemies closer.

these talks are no more than a dog and pony show. it's a stalling tactic by iran in their race for nuclear weapons.

Don't forget that Islam teaches that it is perfectly ok to lie to your antagonists in order to further Islam goals. So with Obama thinking it is ok to lie to his own antagonists to further his own goals, well, the situation isn't very pretty. Add to that the fact that true peace in the Middle East will never, ever be negotiated into existence. Not ever.

Remember Iraq people. Israel gave us the info about Iraq having WMDs. They also told us last year Iran HAD nukes. Lies to get the American people to fight their bull wars!

what good is to have a tool when it can not be used ... same as nuclear WMD

Remember when Iran kept insisting that they were not trying to develop nuclear weapons, only developing nuclear energy? Remember how many blithering idiots actually believed that to be true? I'm always amazed at how many morons believe it when muslims lie.

"recent progress"????  What has this writer been smoking?  Iran is pursuing nuclear arms and the rest of the world doesn't like it.  This is the way it has been for many years.  So, what progress are you referring to?A liar called george w bush always talked about WMD and caused the death of thousands people including 4400 US soldiers and 100,000 Iraqis, now again the same liars are telling lies, but as a golden rule I think Israel is the mother of liars and trouble makers,it has 300 war heads and does a lot of illigitimate actions and yet US pays tax payers million dollars to this corrupt entity!

What a bunch of IDIOTS running IsraHell. Iran have nuclear weapons since 1990. Those weapons are enough to destroy IstraHell. But Iran have no such a plan to destroy IsraHell militarily. Iran believe IsraHell is an occupier and an illegitimate military state and should be dissolved and the Palestinian people should be allowed to return to their land.

Obama is giving away the store.

all these 'single' labeled owned housing in town are obviously using them for bait, no other explanation except a few knowing persons who can't get help otherwise or are led to believe so to 'force' single persons to copulate.actually the rent increases are labeled for leases, but with other fees amount to at least 100 a year or more.  admitted smokers, everyone smiles; demands that they can provide all kinds of insurance,fees,fines because people smoke.

"Can Iran, world powers build on recent progress in nuclear talks?" - NO!

never have been able to inspect Iran for anything because they like to lie and play little Muslim games with Camels.

the $100 a year increase in rent is supposed to be like fedl money; its $100 every 10 years not one year.  that amount as it applies to rent, could also be applied across the board or the world co-support of another household.  the trick is to put it in one persons name; probably the oldest of the family or part of family.

the reporting here being bizarre, i think many of these people could use diphenhydramine for allergies unless they're just cultivating cash flow.

you can't threaten a nation and also say there is still time for diplomacy

Iranian leader never going to surrender to the Zionists demands on the 20 percent uranium enrichment.  Enrichment from 5 to 99 percent is the Iranian rights and the world must accept the NUCLEAR ARMED IRAN. END OF THE STORYnot if you give an inch then take a mile. no. iran is better off doing what they have been doing than stepping into anything with the rest of the world. because the price is too high. and the perceived rewards do not even touch the surface. the world would do better if it just asked israel to drop their nuclear and biological bombing plans. just like we seek to ask north korea of the same. you cannot pick and choose who gets to have the bomb. fools. israel is a far greater threat to mankind than north korea or iran. in fact, i am beginning to wonder whether america belongs in those same halls as modern israel belongs in. the halls that worship satan and the almighty dollar.

I am sick and tired how our men and woman are sent thousands of miles away to fight because israel says so where are our leaders that's puts America first do we have any?

The world must accept the reality of a NUCLEAR ARMED ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN.

Iran is only interested in building  A.S.A.P., their nuclear weapon.To be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is Life and Peace. The carnal mind is enmity against GOD; for it is not, nor can be subject unto THE LAW OF GOD. JESUS IS THE ONLY WAY.

I pray everyday for peaceful end to this situation , GOD WILLING  both sides will come up with respect and easing sanctions as soon as possible .

So called western powers recently changed their stance on Iran nuclear program. If they really mean it, Iran is ready to make a deal. On the other hand, if they want to put more pressure on Iranian people these negotiations will get them nowhere. As far as Iranian government concern, the only way forward is to recognize Iran's right to uranium enrichment. They don't want the bomb and they never wanted it. They should also stop all illegal sanctions immediately. No stick ,only carrots please

Iran will not be invaded, Persia was never successfully overtaken for a reason: it simply cannot be due to its terrain, nevermind the mind boggling feat of the idiot doing so from the US of A of keeping that supply line running. You were not able to take over Barbarians such as the Afghans, and you think you can take on the people who made the Spartans tremble?

Iran leader never going to surrender to the Zionist controlled western nation by giving up its 20 percent and higher uranium enrichment activities.

Can Iran, world powers build on recent progress in nuclear talks? Yes, only if those irrational arrogant powers recognize Iran's nuclear rights.

Iran has the right to enrich uranium and nobody can say other wise. all other countries can do what they want because they are pro jews and Israel. Iran will never give in to pressure and force. for those who do not know Persian culture and tradition I suggest to read a bit more and understand it. the saying that goes like, i rather die as a free man or live in chains is an example of the  Persian traditions. The Persian Empire built the greatest democratic   society of the ancient world and that will endure. no matter how much  the pressure the  Iranian will not give in to force.I pray to God we can. I pray for all the innocent people. The children especially. For it is their government that is bringing the suffering to this nation of beautiful, loving, God in their hearts people. We have to find someway, to reach out to each other. To overcome the small mindedness of our governments. To follow what the Prophets have taught us. Love is the answer, hate is a one way street and just comes back around and leads to no where but hell on earth....

What is wrong with those idiots how could someone so stupid hold such power(i'm not talking about iran) iran will continue on until they have their nuke then the #### will hit the fan.

9/11 was to change all the regimes in middle east and let the people lean democracy and peace with west and the new regimes route out alqada. it started with saddam and tunis, eygypt, lybia, yaman, syria and will end with iran. remember mullahs were brought to power in iran by cia and british intelligence and now they do not need anymore islamist radical but moderates. so here we go mullahs get ready to go with your monkey and his brother ahmadinejad and all to the moon very soon!

This responsibility is now on America to enforce. America will be rewarded by the Lord of Moses for making this appropriate border adjustment. America can also be punished severely by the same power if they keep supporting this cruel and oppressing nation.The matter of fact is that the Jews can live in 100% security, happiness and prosperity in this world under the Islamic flag. If they also wish to have prosperity in the hereafter, then they must beg for forgiveness of Allah for the heinous crime that their ancestors committed by crucifying Jesus; they must acknowledge the prophet hood of Jesus and Muhammad and follow the message that was revealed to them. They will find Allah, the Lord of Moses, Jesus and Muhammad, the most Merciful, the most Forgiving and the most Compassionate.By Allah, this is the best advice for the Jews and for America.The worst enemies of the Jews are the JewsReply

Children of Israel are prohibited to have a state of their own. The origin of this prohibition goes back to the time of Moses and was imposed by the lord of Moses. The children of Israel of that era caused countless disobedient and disbelieves and brought upon themselves this wrath. This is exactly what the Jewish Rabbis say. Their history is full of shameful events.The Holocaust is not a myth. It is reality that the Jews brought upon themselves. Much worst is ahead of them if they do not stop their disbelieves and continue their arrogant behavior as before. The only solution to peace on Earth is for Israel to go back to the border before 1948.

Dont have to worry about that if we nuke them first. Jus' sayin'.

Answer: only if the EU surrenders on all issues and gives up on the idea of preventing Iran from developing nuclear weapons.

The NEW WORLD ORDER Agenda wants IRAN'S OIL &amp; NON Rothschild bANKS, NOTHING more... PERIOD.

Can Iran, world powers build on recent progress in nuclear talks? Of course it is possible, only and only if those World powers stop acting arrogant and recognize Iran's nuclear rights.

Iran can't be trusted,sanctions don't and will never work!These idiots need to understand if they don't stop making nuclear weapons we will see they stop by blowing up every nuclear site they have.Funny thing is now that liberal America has voted in a "weak di)ck" president, nobody is afraid to poke the bear anymore. Americans will pay for this election in more ways than just financial disregard.

Israel and its nukes are the real threat, they extort billions of dollars every year from the US taxpayers not to use their illegal nukes

I love the " man " called Ahmadinejad .

why cant jesus play hockey? he keeps getting nailed to the boards

it was clear they wanted Gahdaffi out of the way...he wanted his own currency ....

Sure and I,ve got some prime land for sale 500 mile west of Vancouver island   I am more than happy to donate  to  our good buddy honest  Mister  Ahmedinejan, along with a pair of cement  bunker shoes  to tread  heavy water with.

Tigress: Sahih ast!

You got your butt kicked by Korea, Vietnam, and now one more time by Iran!

Why doesn't israel allow an investigation in Dimona (nuclear facility) but of course they aren't suppose to have anything according to the middle east treaty.Read: U.S. Air Force report:  Israel's Thermonuclear Blackmail of America