We should send our best cyber security team to South Korea to help  track down the source .

No problemo----it was a Glitch.

China did both the cyber attacks in North and South Korea.  China wants a war in Korea. As soon as the US is involved in that, China will attack Taiwan

"...not authorized to speak media."  So, it's actually become a language.  That explains a lot.

Invade the north already!

Come to ourself in the USA , Are we really needed the US president to cut all ours taxes money to aids to the foreigners and keep all those money to use only in America and for Americans atlease just only FOUR YEARS.. But keep ours Troop where ever they are ..NO MORES AMERICANS TAXES MONEYS FOR THE FOREIGNS COUNTRIES..THEY ARE NEEDED OURS TROOPS WE WONT GIVE THEM OURS MONEY.. "" 2016 NEW PRESIDENT NEW AMERICA ,NO MORES AIDS TO THE FOREIGNS COUNTRY..

Exactly what would be expected of a 20-something with his own country. He's a handful of years out of college. I can't stop laughing. Kim's a wild man.

Blame Comcast, the same #$%$ happens at my house all the time.

Kim is a wild man.

How long can you survive without anything that uses electricity. THINK ABOUT IT. Electromagnetic pulse! That's how its going down.Bomb them show them what a ballistic weapon looks like. north korea needs to learn fat guy dont mean #$%$

제국의 역습

the false flag we have been looking for?

NKorea has internet?

Their leaders mentality is like that of a hormone driven teenager.Rebelling against authority (or, lacking in common sense), angry at the world because cant have own way, defensively picking on others that they knew they already pizzed off and wanting to blame them for most everything, not accepting responsibility for their own actions. likes to play head games just to see what they can get away with. wanting to be spoiled.

Great Leader Jelly Roll is attacking be careful !

They were probably running Microsoft Windows.

Too many Starcraft players caused the network crash.

DO us all a favour, and permanently shut down ALL of SOUTH KOREA

Register 7 is the server line that has the virus information, but can't relay it without shutting off anti virus. We get a failure to load message that implies ckdsk but will not allow access. PH 2785. More like failure to respond. Seven's mainly a readout with MRD slip relay to window. System has been on message for quite sometime. Will not disconnect. Unless it is the dreaded gas lamp era gas exploding and melting cable connections. It is an old system.Kim Fat Un pulled this trickery on you Skorea. It's time for the fireworks.!!!

Mr.Kim is taking out it on South Korea after North Korea threatend U.S to attack the states .

Blame it on Rio

The south is afraid of the north

Tensions are rising on the Korean Penninsula. Hope all governments are keeping close eyes ou this high tension area.

Send obamas drones over the north with nuke warheads and crash them into the little pot bellyed pig.

ain't computers wonderful???  computer goes down and suddenly everybody is clueless