To bad men only think with their ....  This kind of spying has been going on since the begining of time and will not stop now.  An example needs to be made anyway.

Female spies have been quite effective down through history. During the American Civil War, both the Union and the Confederacy employed female spies.

After all is said and done I hope the S.O.B. never sees the light of day if he can't be hanged.

I don't see where the ChiCom woman was arrested. Guess she got away with it.Another honey-trap.......the stupid idiot. He deserves what he gets.

Shoot the traitor.

When Americans whine about the fact that China spends so much less than the U.S. in defense, technology, and research, THIS IS HOW they do it ! ! !

Firing squad if found guilty.

Just shoot both of them.  Sends a very clear message to the other spies.

Has the woman been arrested ?   This guy should be found dead in his cell.   Apparent suicide.

Okay....You're 59, fat and ugly....She's gorgeous, slim and 27......It doesn't occur to you it's about more than SEX???????? IDIOT!!!!!

It never ceases to amaze me how many foolish middle-aged men give up so much for some younger #$%$. Outside of bring a traitor, he should be shot for being a #$%$China is NOT our friend... This guy is a traitor and he should be executed...

This is unsettling particularly at  time whenthings are heating up with North  Korea. What a stupid man, thinking with his P...K instead of his head. I  hope the ythrow the book at him.

Hang him high and in public.  We have to put a stop to these traitors.

Ha ha ha....Dumb #$%$...59 and 27...So, on your first date #$%$, did you explain our defense capabilities?....Lol....Nice ice breaker there. ....Nice short piece of rope for you.

This puke had a TS clearance.  As such, I am sure he had been through training to counter this type of behavior MANY times.  He knew EXACTLY what he was doing, just like he needs to know exactly what the executioner is doing when they put the needle in his arm.

Traitor to the USA, punishable by death, take your pick, rope or firing squad.

All of the stuff about younger women being interested in older men is in the fiction section at the local library. What the younger women want is what the man has, be it wealth, security, or security information.

Why is this not treason? This should be a death sentence crime. By the way if you work in a place that deals with secret stuff and some woman that is way out of your league comes up and wants to start having sex with you then you should already know what's really going on.

Maybe we should reinstate a mandatory death sentence for being convicted of treason or selling defense secrets.  After one appeal it gets carried out.

A prison sentence? How about treason and putting him up in front of a firing squad.Execute him.

There is no truth to the rumor that the secrets were transmitted in the form of fortune cookies."Help! I'm a prisoner in a Chinese noodle factory".

Why are Chinese who are not even permanent US residents allowed to work on top secret projects? Who no vetting, no lie detector screening? Who are the security officials at NASA?

20 years max ? He'll get 2-5 after a plea deal . Suitcase nukes may be coming to a town near you .

Oh, you utter idiot, sir.

take everything they own and send them mars.

Way Back in the Old West...Sheriff Dan - "We done caught the guy that's been leakin'government secrets to the Chinese!"Judge - "He'll need a fair trail"Lawyer for the defense - "He's innocent folks, because sex andthe devil made him do it, furthermore..."(He goes on a long time, we'll spare you)Lawyer for the prosecution - "Your honor, he can servea higher purpose by discouraging traitors from the territoriesby his public hangin'"12 members of the jury - "Guilty, your honor"Mayor - "Folks will be a comin' from miles around!"Townsfolk - "We built a real nice gallows!"Oh well...just dreamin'...back to reality....

Traitor! Hanging is too good for him.

A 27 year old woman can order a 59 year old fart to crawl on is knees and rollover like a puppy at her command.But, if  our intelligent services are as smart as we expect, they should feed the old fart with false information and  let the Chinese barking at the wrong tree for the next 30 years.

Shoot both of them and give China the bill for the bulletsIs Treason still punishable by firing squad?  If not, it should be.

just shoot both of them

Whatever happened to executing these individuals for treason like the Rosenbergs

Sentence him to death by firing squad for being a traitor.

Use a couple of the 1.5 billion bullets that homeland security is buying and shoot this guy.

That little thing women have -- between their legs -- is more powerful than a atomic bomb -- can turn powerful men into wimps -- over the ages it has destroyed civilizations -- good thing most of them are small ------!!!

The power of the "beaver"!!

Give them both the death penalty.

I believe the correct term is "honey pot".

What some men will do for some POO-C.SHOOT HIM NOW!!!

P.......y will allllllways get you in trouble....

"If convicted, he faces a maximum of 20 years in prison." What? It's just like a slap on the wrist. In China he would have been shot.

From the Chinese woman to this IDIOT Benjamin Pierce Bishop: "Me love you for a long time"

I was on another thread tonight talking about the space industry and Tang. LOL. speaking of Tang, I hope that they nail this sumbitch to the wall." to quote Magneto in X-Men II, " Never trust a beautiful woman, especially one that's interested in you"

He had nothing to trade to these girls that was not already peddled away by our trusted elected officials. The Feds are just mad because the Chang twins stopped pumping them for information. They were the party favorites before Bishop butted in. Don't mess with the delivery girls!

This ***clown needs to be made an example of.

Any "respectable" spy would have taken money over poontang.

Too bad they don't hang traitors any more.

The big question is, did they arrest the girlfriend or just let her go. We obviously owe china a great deal of money so maybe we traded her to decrease our debpt.This man is obviously a spy. you cannot tell me that he pasted information to his girl friend thinking it was only a conversation. this chap was not thinking with his big head.

Jail time is not what is needed.People like these that give away our information and plans need to be shot or hanged on sight. No if ands or buts.

why no charge of treason?

what ever happened to executing people for treason? how many lives did this moron endanger and still may cost for this treasonous act just for a piece of a.s.s..

Waterboarding is considered a no-no so lets just rub some Ben-Gay onto his testicles!

So he was targeted and hit broadside by a Chinese LBFM?

if found guilty he should be hanged, forget 20 yrs

And she passed on something to him that will require a strong antibiotic to cure

So much for security clearances keeping anything secure eh? Those have always been a joke.

Asian fever?What was a Chinese spy babe doing at a USA defense conference?

The old DOD Officer retires and lands a Contract Job.  I must believe these positions number in the tens of thousands and even though its against DOD policy to schmooze for these positions while still on active duty, helping contractors get Government contracts is rewarded with a cushy position upon retirement.  Then, as contractors, they schmooze their buddies still on active duty for additional contracts.  Geez, I wonder how much more info the Chinese are getting from our "good ole boy" behavior which I can assure, will not change.

China's greatest weapons, it's females.

How come we haven't seen any death sentences for treason in the last 20 years? Selling national security secrets to foreign enemy countries is treason !!

Hang him!

what company did he work for ? the scaredy cat reported is protecting the defense contractor's company name.

How pathetic to sell out your country for Asian booty.

She can always tell her children she went the "exta mile" on her back for her country...

Excuse me? Isn't that something we used to call TREASON?!! NO NO NO not 20 years in prison it's a bullet to the brain pan!!

Nothing like a little treason between lovers.Wow how stupid, not much else to say about it.

Is the woman being held?

Should be charged with high treason with all that entails

The infamous honey trap strikes again.  No one can argue why a 27 years woman wants to date a 59 years old man.

What do we do to Traitors? Evil traitors should be executed quickly

If he knowingly and deliberately leaked vital US information to the Chinese, then the potential punishment should be in excess of 20 years.

Why isn't he charged with treason? SOB deserves the death penalty. People get more time than that for robbery, and they deserve it. Why the leniency?

Lock him up and throw-a-way the key.

"Bishop met the woman - a 27-year-old Chinese national identified as "Person 1" - in Hawaii during a conference on international military defense issues, according to the affidavit."Twice a year this guy was supposed to sit through a security awareness class - and the specifically use an example of being approached by somebody at a trade show, especially if anything seems out of place.  And a 27 year old woman approaching a 59 year old man should have set off every alarm there is.

Asian women are never in it for love idiots.  They follow the money.  Even Asian men know this.Ya know....back in the day....WWII....Korea....etc....the U.S. did not have "contractors" like this. All of our secrets, securtiy, and work was done by Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, etc. We didn't have to "contract" out anything and we had a WHOLE LOT LESS TROUBLE like this. Kick out the contractors. Put our service people back to the job because we KNOW they can handle it and do a much better job of it....and hang this sucker for treason.

Rosenburg him.

Hang the SOB.

Isn't it amazing how a woman can lure a man into betraying his country and put people's lives in severe jeopardy?  It's the power of the big "P".

You play with hot things, you eventually get burnt...

kill him

nobody cares...if this was still a decent country we lived in, it would be different...how can you expect the citizens to act any different than the leaders???

Well since he wasn't doing it for Israel this guy might do some serious time.

20 years for traitorous acts against our national security. Put this man in the firing line and pull the trigger. No less than a spy. I guess in todays world of espionage if you aren't getting paid you get laid to sell your country out to foreign countries.

Aww that young stuff will get you every timeSkip the trial, just go to the part about the aparent suicide in his cell.

North Korea bought the info w/ counterfeit US $100 "super bills" .

Is this not the definition of treason?

Even before the dust of cyber attack issue has settled another espionage surfacesin Hawaii. Did you hear that China claims vehemently that it believes in "peaceful rise".It appears that its assertiveness and aggressiveness are rising just as fast as itsforeign reserves.

"U.S. contractor charged with passing nuclear secrets to Chinese woman"Execute the traitor

Bishop declared his innocence.  He said he was under the influence of "Roast Pork Flied Lice" at the time.  He immediately checked himself into a Chinese massage parlor for rehab.  He's hopeing for a "Happy Ending" to what he referred to as a mear misunderstanding.

Puts a new Slant on the subject.

When a guy asks you to blow him he isn't talking about anything nuclear.

Bahahahahahaha

Wouldn't that mean the firing squad!!!!I hope she cleaned his pipes good before he is taken off to prison,,

Put the dirtbag traitor in jail for the rest of his life! Of course they let the woman get away.

a lot of 59 year old men are fat/chubby, losing hair/bald to some extent, homely if not down right ugly and they think a 27 year old female is hot for their body????this guy is a traitor and needs to be dealt with as such = death

Probably some of Obama's relatives.

Where and how was she trained !

Hang the traitor!!!!

It is incredible what a few ounces of pink meat, some curly hairs and a slight fishy smell can compel a man to do!

Ah sex.  The oldest tool in a spy's arsenal of weapons.

Let him go home to his chinese bride and drone them together. See there is a reason to drone Americans on American soil. Terrorists, traitors, spies. I don't see a lick of difference.

Nuke Nooky ?max this ehhole out

The "honey pot" is the oldest trick in the book...

"China and the United States, the world's two largest economies, have long engaged in spying against each other."Ain't that the truth.  No need to be smug and self-righteous.

20 years? Hang his #$%$

He must have been hanging out with the OBAMA KINDERGARTEN ADMINISTRATION, they give more SECRETS away and don't care !

If this dirtbag is guilty he should be hung by his knutsak and left to die.

Go ahead, bite my apple Benny! Another one smitten! When will some men learn!

Burn him slow

I sure hope the sex was worth it because he is going to be spending a L O N G time in jail as the new wife of "Big Bubba the Life"   He should be shot.

Yeah! Way to go PRIVATE SECTOR!Wanted some tang.

dipping into the democrat coffers, he'll get it for sure.

Must have been part of the Clinton administration.

treason, public execution..

If we were at war with China he would have been hanged already.

So this moron isn't suspicious when a foreign national from an adverse power who is 32 YEARS YOUNGER than him becomes romantically involved with him???? Well I'm sure Levenworth has a few empty cells and then just love traitors there.

Maybe he didn't think his p3n1s size was adequate so he had to talk about his work.  The Asian women would be more impressed with a designer bag full of cash.  Save your breath.

this time they got caught.

Firing squad for traitors and commie chnks caught spying! No exception!

get the rope out  HIGH EM HIGHFiring Squad.

There will be a bad fortune cookie in your future-Your lucky number is 0,...

Hang both of them, to serve as an example to what happens when you do this heinous act.

this is only one out of many right at this time, we have a white house that is giving away our country and the news media is right with them, wake up and lets get our usa back where it should be before its to late.

Not to upset their corporate masters Yahoo doesn't state who the defense contactor is

HE NEEDS A BULLET NO JIVE NO DEAL

That the same as if a military person did it.  Obama leaks secrets to them all the time.  Every time he "barrows" money, he gives them more secrets.  He seems to be paying them back that money by allowing them to buy property in the major cities and before you know it, they will own more then the U.S. does.

This happened during wartime and he only gets 20 years. Whats wrong with this picture.

the "We love you long time..." strategy still works?

Quickly...hang him.Hey Yo,.. there waz a time when this country Shot Spies....but now we have the ACLU...

Ungrateful and a traitor.......This guy was paid handsomely by the contractor, which is paid handsomely by the taxpayers. And yet he still betray us to get his d.....  wet.

China, when we can't figure out how to do it our self, we steal it.

I wonder just how many secrets she got and gave to China,a lil late i'd say for our intelligence comunity of the U.S.,amazing how we are always late about stopping these things,maybe we need to assassinate those that we suspect right from the start that are engaged in espionage on both sides,no more Mr.Nice guy. A twenty year MAX sentence seems terribly light in matters of National Security

sounds like he enjoyed having his wonton fried.

If proven guilty, behead his little head and let the big head have to live with the loss. Then, feed him Asian carp till he drops dead.

Lets see the picture of this 27 year old prostitute. Is there room at Guantanamo? He's 59 she is 27 does anything happen to her? OK He's 59 he gets out when he's 79, life expectancy is 75 for a male, do the math.

re-enact the fireing squad

At 59 she wasn't after your bod fool!

hang both of them......NOWShouldn't he be put to death for treason...

A U.S. defense contractor in Hawaii has been arrested on charges of passing national defense secrets, including classified information about nuclear weapons, to a Chinese woman with whom he was romantically involved, authorities said on Monday.but it is alright to send the job market to china to break America for not being able to compete with a 1.98 cents a day? one is just as bad as the other.

As opposed to Bill Clinton who changed the law to authorize the sale to the Chinese of high tech guidance system secrets so they could target our cities, ships, and aircraft more accurately with their missiles?

Even an experienced officer thinks with his little guy. As if a 27 year old female would actually be interested in a 59 year old for his charming personality. He deserves any punishment for his stupidity.

Execute him immediately.

hope he filled her full  of Choad

And we wonder how the Chinese made the Great Leap Forward in the last 20 years.

Suckie Fluckie 20 year in prison

Do like Clinton, look at the situation, get comments from all and do nothing.  NOT!!!!!  This situation has happened so many times this country is being dangaged.   He should be tried and convicted if found guilty and given the most severe punishment.

They met at an open "International Military Defense Issue meeting" - so what else do you talk about other than nukes, missiles,  and military stuff ? So, all spies gathered for a military meeting in Honolulu and the Gov thought it would be just a party. Stupid - I didn't think there was anything left in America to steal - it's already in China - along with 400 american companiesshoot him

Does he get to keep his $150,000 yearly pension?

I agree.  Hanging (or other death sentence) would send a clear message to would-be traitors.  It's about time we dealt with China.  Start by refusing to buy their shoddy products.  Heard a good news story awhile back saying several American companies are bringing their jobs back here.

Off with his head.

execute him like they did julius and ethel rosenberg

There is nothing new under the sun!!

Middle-aged men are at high risk of giving away just about anything because of menopause; it's that time in life when they realize that their youth is over and go a bit crazy ( divorce the wife of 25 years, buy a sports car and date bimbos); I doubt the same can be said of middle-aged women.But my question is: where is this mystery Chinese woman now?

Execute him at once! China is gearing up for war with the US and this yutz is aiding the enemy! =@

Getting sweet and sour sauce on your eggroll is not worth going to jail over.

Have you heard, "Hero cannot win pretty lady?" That why they used these pretty lady to obtain secret information.Get the rope............

Just a real life version of Mad Magazines Spy vs Spy.If we were following the agreements we made in the NPT this would not be happening.

Should be charged with treason and shot.

NEVER trust ANYONE from China

and in return he got free iPhones right Yahoo.

High Treason and nothing less.

Traitor!

Damn Republicans.

Friggin traitors. Death penalty. Sell out your country for booty ?

That there goober will get you in trouble.Passing nuclear secrets is the worst most dangerous kind of treason because it endangers thousands if not millions of people.

Because of a very few people like Benjamin Pierce Bishop there are thousands, perhaps 10's of thousands of innocent people being spied upon in the US every day. That's just one consequence of the Patriot Act and is a massive invasion of people's privacy that apparently isn't even authorized by an individual court warrant. Even the fact that we are being monitored is classified and can't be revealed to anyone so no court oversight is even possible. Only individual companies can demand to see a court order for these searches, but very few ever make this demand in their customer's or their own best interest.Think of all the tax dollars we pay for this massive intrusion into people's lives. When you are monitored, the government alters your computer or other communication devices, sometimes even making it impossible for you to maintain your computer or block malicious attempts by criminals to acquire your critically important personal information like your bank account numbers and social security number. All these things happen without your consent and without any court oversight. This is getting to be so common people are talking with each other about it in public and it's getting hard for anyone not to be aware of these kinds of government abuses.I hope they throw the book at this guy for all the pain he has caused all of us as well as making a mockery of some of our most basic human rights like our protection from government search without a court ordered search warrant as is specified under the Bill of Rights in our Constitution. This has been going on since 9/11 and 12 years is just too long for a piece of legislation, some of which is classified so we don't even know what it says, to override the most fundamental rights that are guaranteed by the first Ten Amendments to Constitution of the United States of America.It has become so bad that now even private corporations are invading our privacy and using our personal information to manipulate us as well as sell information about our private lives to anyone they wish. Why isn't our government protecting us?Why are we surprised that political extremism is growing by leaps and bounds every day in our country? What else could you expect when people lose their fundamental human rights?

Execute the traitor!

he probably knew usa was going to hell anyways since obama's been doing a great job on it.

Billy boy Clinton did the same thing!!  Why wasnt he arrested?

#$%$ old fart wanting some strange sells out country.  A liberal no doubt.

Sounds like she whipped him. Now we need to whip him! Put them both in prison.

Why isn't he being charged with TREASON and if found to be guilty executed. or has the WH something to do with it.

hang this #$%$ face.  we must not tolerate traitor.

i was hoping for a picture of the chinese woman.So he gets arrested and bill Clinten gets a presidency!

There are no countries anymore, just transnational corporations...and corporations are all dictatorships.They just keep governments around as go-fer's to make everything all seem legit.

That slanted poon tang must be some ming numbing stuff

Biden was quoted as saying " I'll lose my soul" if he misses the Cardinal reception.  Not to worry Joey, you did that a long time ago.

If guilty, I hope there is still the death penalty for treason.

They didn't arrest Clinton for doing the same thing.

Where is this Chinese hag now. Her #$%$ better be in a cell somewhere. Oh yeah....the Chinese are our friends now, bullshite. We need to send all of these SOB's packin and bar them from entrance to our country. Pay off this Fu___ing debt we owe them and be done with them. How dumb are we as a country now?

These Chinese will do anything to get information.

Benjamin Pierce Bishop traitorPrivate Bradley Manning hero, there is a difference.

Private sector?  It's still under government security #$%$Strange thing there was no money involved in this affair. The Chinese woman must've been a real beauty and a total pro, to give it all for all that classified info.

I sincerely hope that Mr. Bishop contracts a painful STD while he rots the rest of his life in prison...

If he were a celebrity they would sentence him to 90 days in rehab, and a $500 fine.

Hang him and ship his body to China..

mitch mconnell???

Oh the nasty things people do for a fist full of dollars  !!  Perhaps the government will give the guy a prison cell right next to other convicted spies and assassins !!

Didn't JFK sleep with a Russian spy? If a spy can get the leader of our country, we have a huge problem since men are not wired to say, "No." Which is worse: the rape of a stupid drunken #$%$ in Ohio or the rape of Lady Liberty. We need to be more vigilant in vetting out vulnerable lonely men from our contractors. Execute him if guilty.

Didn,t see Homeland Security in story any where.Sorry forgot there to busy opening the doors for things like this.What really bothers me is he is only facing 20 years.You would think he would be facing at least life.

Being former military, he knew what would happen if he was caught. Hang him.

she spiked my beef with her famous sweet sauce.....but every night i ended up with a limp and cold lomain noodle and she was always at the laundry mat.  #$%$?A P-whipped man with proprietary and classified information is a time bomb waiting to explode.This will probably become more common than they will ever reveal to the public when you consider how many people in the defense industry have, and will lose their jobs over the coming years. What else will they have to offer some attractive young lady other than top secret information.

The man was thinking with his pecker.

Entrusted with a TS clearance and lets his small head do the thinking. Sad so very sad. This #$%$ needs to do hard time.

Hope that Chinese p(_)ssy was so good, it was worth committing treason for, Bishop.It is the last gash you will probably ever get.

2 words..............capital punishment!   A spy living in the U.S. on a visa............. Our govt. doing a great job again.

The chinese dont need to do it this way. The government offers them positions in sensitive jobs and thinks they're loyal to the US.

It doesnt surprise me at all, with all the criminal activities going on today...I am working abroad and its happening over here too by our civilian and military personnel.  Its a shame Americans arent being loyal to their country....but rather steal vital information that protects us all.  Wake up Americans its not worth spending 20 years in jail for treason!!!!!!

Treason is punishable by death!

Hang him from his balls

HANG HISassok..... so where is the lady?

Chinese women's breasts are too small.  I would not have done it.

What do we do to Traitors?

confucious say   " fat man with hot chick being played"

He allegedly had been involved in a romantic relationship since June 2011 with the woman.  Translation "He was banging the Chinese lady."

What white men would do for a bj from an oriental woman....

What's the slope charged with? They both deserve hanging!!!!

Mitt McConnell's wife!

Wife of Mitt McConnell!

no mercy charge him for lifeIs the Chinese woman in jail?  Did they even catch her? This dummie must be a real loser. Lets see. A Chinese woman half his age just happens to meet and fall hopelessly in love with him . Please. How stupid can you be. And these are the people we trust with our national security. That settles that. I'am building a bomb shelter.

treason,punishable by death

hang him

This is treason and should be  punished to the maximum life in jail. Any veteran benefits cancelled

Turn him over to Eric Holder I'am sure he will get his day in court.

charge with treason - firing squad. Like the Chinese national caught at Dulles - life, no parole. And why the $%^&amp; are Chinese nationals working for NASA.

Is she arrested too ? No mention in article.

I wonder if the Chinease pass this information on to North Korea

I hope this ex military officer has not been getting a militar pension. I agree with previous writers, should be charged with treason.

Send this treasonous person to a solitary cell in prison without the chance for parole. In this day and age selling such secrets should be considered as bad, or worse than, murder.Simple solution....Hang him!

No fool like an old fool.Insanity Plea - "But your Honor, I'm just crazy about that stuff!"

Most of the radar on the pacific rim is commercial airline systems used to track aircraft and weather. The Defense Dept has closed the Pacific forward bases. Most of these secrets are on google earth or google. Most jobs that were done by non-active duty military personnel were outsourced by Don Rumsfeld to his Republican cronies. Another bad decision.

This man is a traitor and should be treated as such.  Hang him high.

Now see that? If the military would supply good, clean, quality call girls to their people, we wouldn't have this problem! A whole spy system eliminated.- Just say yes to whoopie nookie.

Execute that POS.

A 59 year old man is hit on by a 27 year old woman and he thinks it is because she thinkshe is hot?  When it gets hard, the brain gets soft.

There I no greater crime than selling out one's country. To think he was ex-military sickens me.

Female Chinese spy wh  o  re:  (Laying on her back, her nether regions smoking slightly, her backside sticky and sore, her tonsils lightly coated with man juice, she is towelling out the tapioca from her eye socket prior to re inserting her glass eye...)  OK Amelican man!  You get good boom boom!  Now give me whah I came foh!Me:  (after three quick shushing sounds followed by wet sounding slaps)  Sorry, babe ... I never took Physics.

It must've been some good #$%$ to hand over classified documents regarding nuclear weapons and dang was it really that good because now that guy will be put away for life and probably transported on some island somewhere overseas.The Chinese don't even NEED any nuclear weapons secrets. They have thousands already sitting in underground silos. This story is hyped for the

This guy needs a minimum of twenty years not a maximum, or just put him in front of the firing squad!

China might have a poweful military,but in most cases ?Sub-standard in qualities,their Stealth planes are copy from the Americans through hacking the secret files of the United States Air Force,their submarines are floating -coffins once it submerge under the water?it would,nt come up,because of faulty submarine planes and sub standard steering mechanism ! the chinese tanks are made of poor quality steel,if hit by a shell from an enemy it would splinter,unlike the american tanks?it would be a dent or warp,but would not shatter to pieces ;like the chinese tanks,their missile technologies are all copy from the Americans,the gatling guns you see on chinese warships ?are copied from the Downed fighter jets of the Americans ,during the vietnam war.one thing ,the chinese are so stupid and dumb,that they had to copy everything from the Americans,but the chinese icbm,s are just over size,large  fire-crackers,that explodes on the launching pads!,killing and maiming all personnels on the ground!one thing the Chinese should stick to ?is manufacturing fire-crackers,and making gun-powder;and thats the only tecnologies they know ! AMEN

Slick was giving up our secrets to a Chinese General for campaign cash, so whats the big deal

Booty took down General David Petraeus

Death Sentence, nothing less.

Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.

Deep throat

Who cares......we'll all be speaking chinese in 10 years anyways! The government is allowing big business to run the country into the ground.

It's amazing: (Reuters) - A U.S. defense contractor in Hawaii has been arrested on charges of passing national defense secrets, including classified information about nuclear weapons, to a Chinese woman with whom he was romantically involved, authorities said on Monday.Yet after reading multiple articles from several so called journalist's all basically quoting the same rhetoric from either the AP or Reuters can not provide the name of the oh so secret Defense Contractor  who employs Mr. Benjamin Pierce.Please don't tell me you have to be romantically involved with the FBI's Honolulu Division and the Naval Criminal Investigative Service in coordination with U.S. Pacific Command and the U.S. Army to get this kind of information.Seriously if anybody has found that info please tell,inquiring minds want to know.I hope she loved him long time.

Secrets for sex? Not a bad deal for a 59 year old man. Be jealous, bloggers.

Sounds like he forgot to give obama his cut of the action!

So he is a traitor! What do we do with traitor's? Execute him! Hanoi Jane got away with it but it must stop! Jane traitor Fonda, everytime this or anything about Nam comes up we still think of you!What a great impression you made!

Mee luv you loooong time!  You so big!

A Chinese woman? I can't blame him at all!

if they dont impeach obama then this kind of #$%$ will keep happening.obama is a wolf in lambs cloths.and they both came from hawaii.you watch this one will come up dead to

With the US using large numbers of mercenaries in Iraq and Afghanistan the US media obediently started calling 'mercenaries' contractors.  Why, because the word 'mercenary' has had a bad connotation throughout history.  When ordered to use the new word the US media snapped to attention and did what the government ordered.  So, was this person a mercenary, or a regular contactor who worked for the govenment as a civilian?  Newspeak is so hard to understand because it is designed to hide the truth, not reveal it.  Orwellian.

So which contractor did he work for Gen Dynamics, Lockheed, Battelle?

All for slanted p-ssy!Execution.  Maybe the same could be done for those corporate douche bags who send all the jobs and business to the enemy as well.

Bishop is a Lt Col in the U S Army reserves The Army should prosecute him for treason The  Army can put him away longer than a civilian court

James Bond would never have been caught, he is too smart for those female spies..... lol

Isn't treason punishable by death?  But then, our government doesn't enforce many laws these days.

If convicted he should be shot!

Chasing a woman half his age, who does he think he is.  General Petraeus?

Another man thinking with his pecker instead of his head.

he must have had a fetish for chinese woman.  he was blinded by #$%$ y.   She knew a sucker when she saw him!   keep that trader  locked up for treasen! he should be hanged for such a crime aginst America

Who needs hacking???Just use Whoring...

Take him outside and shoot him Dead!Traitors and spies should be shot.  When will America wake up...

What kind of stupid brain this idiot have. Why would you do such thing to your own country and country man...Did he think about his family and friends here? It is all about money they say, but when it comes to betray your own country security....he deserved to be in jail forever.

Hornitis has been the downfall of many a man.

Put him with Pollar -  two USA traitors

Security clearance comes with consequences.

Get a rope...

Kill him!!!

They should shoot him on live TV for everyone to see....That would make people think twice about selling us out for money and a hot young #$%$ in the bed.....

We don't hang these basterds anymore?

It's hard to be high and mighty and deal out severe punishments when one is engaged in the same conduct - like a robber trying another robber for robbery. Yet, a severe punishment - and death - is often the cost. If I were an American spy now in Chinese custody I'd be verynervous yet hopeful.If convicted he can face 20 years in prison....that's it?  If convicted, he's a traitor and should be treated as one-at least life in super-max.

What about a firing squad instead of 20 years in club fed?

the guilty's hands must be cut off...

20 Years  ?  Try LIFE.

Once he is found guilty, hang him.

pity they don't execute those who commit treason

The bomb was dropped - what - 70+ years ago, and they are just now getting around to giving out the secrets?  That guy must look like Rip Van Winkle.

Was he wearing a Hoodie???

Time to bring out the hemp rope!

That woman could've just as easily been Russian, Iranian, etc... she seduced him and he fell for it... betraying his country for a trip to Tunatown.Another "Honey Pot" caper.

US authorities should charge the man's pecker for egging the man on.

Another "honey trap" case!

Aw, come on! The poor guy finally got a little steady nookie, then when she threatened to cut him off he panicked. Its the dark side of being a socially #$%$ geek. He couldn't see far enough ahead to know all that good nookie would flew the coop, 'cause he's going to be dancing with the big boys.She probably has diplomatic immunity but will turn State's witness for US citizenship.

I would have to think that the case of another defense contractor, Noshir Gowadia, passing the stealth technology to China would rank right up there with the most serious cases.  He's currently serving a 32 year prison sentence.

she used her p*ssy obviously to get the info out of him, oldest spy trick in the world

Wonder if he hid the secrets in his sperm?????

This is nothing. Bush / Cheney  &amp; the Israel leaders should be tried fr crimes against humanity for not stopping 911. They knew that was going to happen.  You tube " EX-CIA agent 911", "Ex-MI5 Agent 911". Jews in NY &amp; israel profited frm 911. Americans died !!!!

This is why men should never make national security decisions with their willies...

Amerikan Propaganda ~~~~~Death penalty

You would never know;if your wife is a spy for the Russians or the chinese,or even Iranian, a qouting:"Empty tin cans makes the most noise"and this is what I perseive:MONEY speaks louder then words!,Remember the American husband and wife team ?who sent atomic,Classified materials to Russia?The rosenbergs?after micro filming the secret atomic materials,they sent the micro film and put it behind a postage stamp,and send it back to Russia,to their "Handlers"in spy jargon,meaning  (person in charge), but somehow the handler became the squeaky squealer,because he in fact wants to migrate with his family from the russian Gulag,so the CIA with the help of the FBI; gave this squealer a new face lift,and a new life in America ;complete with a house,with swimming pool a car and as a reward for this turn-around russian,millions of dollars in United States Currency,for the information this squealer gave to the United States Authorities,and very timely too ,because this micro film that the Rosenbergs sent? the squealer destroy it by burning it in his fire place, so there are lots of stories concerning spying and counter-spying,you,d never know who is your real enemy!It could be your Mom or Dad! AMEN

The moral is never trust a Bishop.

Should've had Lindsay Lohan pass the info... she'd get like 3 days!

Let's hope Bishop passed on some things to the Chinese woman, hopefully incurable.

Hey, cut the guy some slack.  He was probably just trying to see if the old saying is true.  "Her eyes ain't the only thing that is slanted...you play it like a harmonica."

Big deal, nuclear secrets are only a dime a dozen . I was able to get Phil Moscowitz to slip me the secret recipe for the World's Greatest Egg Salad !

Johnathan Pollard

bet the contractor was a democrat liberal progressive all traitors tyrants murderers rapists seem to be now a days

It's not a good idea to make enemies with the United States. The Rosenbergs were the last spies to pass information on to our communist enemies, We like our traitors well done.I'm glad they caught him. If they put this much effort into Obama to see if he registered in college as a foreign student, backdated his selective service registration, and find out who if the person who stole the documents from the National Archives for the week of Obama's birth is the same person Obama appointed to a high level position in the CIA, then perhaps our national security could finally be safeguarded.

If the Chinese waited a little longer, we would have given all those secrets to them anyway. Just like we have given them all our other trade and manufacturing secrets so we can get cheaper shoes and iPads.

Why even worry about this America...Heck the NASA program hired a Chinese national and allowed him access to America's space secrets. Of course he has now been arrested for spying.. With a government so dumb and politically correct as ours, why should anyone be surprised or upset ?? Lawyers, ACLU and Liberals are now in control with the media providing them cover...Does anyone wonder what is next ???

So if you grow pot, you can get 40 years in prison. But if you give out "classified information about nuclear weapons and the planned deployment of U.S. strategic nuclear systems" you'll only get 20 years.What a joke.

Used to execute traitors.  Now they get 3 weeks of community service.

20 years? that's it for treason, what a crock, they should throw him in a cell, weld the doors shut and throw away the key!!! a friggin marijuana dealer gets more time than that and all hes passing is some weed that really doesn't hurt people, and is used for medicinal properties, not national security secrets. i think nuclear secrets could end up hurting more people than some weed, just to be strait i don't condone any kind of drug dealing i was just using it as an example!! he should get life in the pen or the death penalty for screwing his country over.

If security-cleared men are dating much younger women from China, Russia, etc, you would think that would be a RED FLAG for the government and the defense contractor...isn't anyone paying attention????

Good of you to LEAVE out which defense contractor...based on the location sounds like it may have been Sandia National Labs.

Should be more then 20 years.

Hang himShoot him!

Should shoot right in the head on tv.

I'm a Neo Conservative Republican. Acts of high treason are punished by the death penality. He should be lined up &amp; SHOT TO DEATH via Firing Squad! As in Now Dammit! A Republican president would know what to do.Eat dirty poo ye Liberal scourge! Supporting good ole wholesome Neo Conservative Religously Right Republican business values of the Moral Majority that supports the Christian Colalition in the Great State of Mississippi !Eat dogshit ye Filthy Liberal scourge !

A 59 yr old former military officer/ defense contractor  and a 27 yr old chinese nationalist woman romantically involved??? Yeah she was really turned on by his good looks and charming personality while she was being banged from behind while reading and taking photos of classified info. I wonder what gave it away? when She yelled " I want more"  he replied "I'm tired " and She yelled "No Stupid American , more documents" No more documents, No more nookie"  What an idiot.

Bring back crucifiction.  That might deter would be spies.

One word comes to mind: TREASON!

20 years? I grew up thinking that treason was a death penalty issue. Trade your country for some new place to "park it" or money, or what have you, you should die.

If you believe Reuters, you can believe anything!!! A bunch of low-down low lives from  Britain...Go home and beg!!!

So secrets went to China again? Because some guy couldn't keep his pants zipped up? What a surprise. It's either money or sex. Maybe all the men and women in security positions should be ultra rich with no need for money or be castrated. Thus eliminates the 2 biggest problems.

Could #$%$ #$%$ be that good?  And PRISON?!?  Find a tall tree and a short rope...Thanks for that, ya know you could have sold it and still hit that, Idiot! Why doesn't the CIA hire better? IDIOTS!!!

If he is found guilty he should spend the rest of his life behind bars and feel lucky he didn't get the death sentence. I do not understand how a person can do this to his own country where he has family and is giving possibly deadly information away.

This is what you get when you let your little brain do your thinking. What happened to the woman? I think you forgot a major piece of this story.

Seen an 18 year old sailor get only 6 months for selling submarine deployment schedules to what he thought was Russians ( yes I am that old ) We really need to be harder on this activity . This costs us not only Billions of dollars but lives also. Thomas Jefferson shot a spy on the white house lawn.

For the love of money.

Treason = execution!!

Obama will probably shake his hand wonder why did think of that first

I saw this episode on the Big Bang Theory, But it had different outcome

They're going to throw his butt in jail for this - yet Bill Clinton still walks free even though he gave missile technology away to China.You people are nuts.

Aw the Honey Trap. Works every time. 20 years is not enough. Any one hear of the Rosenbergs?CULTURALEXCHANGE?  Just think of it as an allegedly cultural exchange of genetic materials between two good old friends?  Not much difference than allowing the nation's wealth, technology and industry to be sold out in this country or shipped to China?  Are we not now a ally of Communist China?  Certainly, they own a considerable chunk of America's indebtedness and they have leased assets in this country?  Maybe the gentleman and this lady were just confused while being cynical of a fidiciary relationship with all the US-China co-operation between the recent visit of US Treasury Secretary to Chinese President Xi Jinping?

He had allegedly been involved in a romantic relationship since June 2011 with the woman, who was living in the United States on a visa, and had no security clearance. yes she did just not from usa. Kill him and others like them. Traiders need to die. go after the woman to put her in jail...

Obama will probably hire him for his administration.

Anything for sex.

what happened to the treason charges?

Bet he passed some of his genetic material to her also.

Passed the info in fortune cookies, no doubt.

How bout billary givin the chinese mini nuke tech and no ko w pnac boy don the rumsfeld-more bs presstitute #$%$ for the braindead sheeeeeeeep

Funny same thing happened while Clinton was in office.  Democrats are weak on national security

For all you Conservatives out there. This is one of the oldest stories. It is in the Bible. She must have been hot. Ever hear of Samson and Delila?"one count of willfully communicating national defense information...one count of unlawfully retaining documents....faces a maximum of 20 years in prison.  That's it? 20 years? Whatever happen to the crime of "Treason"??? Why isn't the woman arrested? Oh I know, we don't want to offend the Chinese. #$%$????

I guess the man never noticed their bedroom chatter was about bombs, deployments, and other classified subjects. I'm glad he's arrested.

If found guilty...he needs to take a long swim in a nuclear power plant cooling tank...just until he "glows".

Another stupid man !

If this isn't a date with the hangman....

I clicked on YAHOO! CHINA to ask them to please stop their underhanded clandestine international devilish behavior but par for them Chinee they wont allow comments this proves their guilt

Pffft! That so-called secret information is actually common knowledge.

Once again our government has failed us. Where is the CIA and the FBI when you need them - suffering from a lack of good leadership - that is where.

Amazing, they guy will get 20 years but Hillary and gang go untouched for letting an ambassador die, ignoring his warnings and pleas for more security.

Coochie is powerful!!! Many men and some women are captivated by it and have been known to do stupid things just to have access to it!!! All Hail The COOCHIE!!!China &amp; Russia steal all their military know-how from the US by these stupid methods. This is NOT new.Remember after WWII the Rosenburgs and all the so-called American Communist Network who gave the most sensitive nuclear bomb inelegance to the Russians?Otherwise the Russians wouldn’t have been able to build the A-Bomb for decades.

Up against the wall and fire; its pure treason people.

They should just take him out and publically execute him to set an example of what happens with treasonous idiots.

Idiot. He had a cushy job pushing paperwork and stapling stuff in a beautiful city and now will spend the rest of his life in prison. 59 /= 27, fool!

From China With Love!!!   007

From living in China as a 50+ man, I must say that if a 20+ Chinese lady wants to be with you then you need to run away. They only have other ideas but it certainly is not love. I met so many men from USA in Guangzhou China that got scammed and then didn't know what to do? They gave them money,gifts,bought things for their families and then never heard from them. Some even moved there to do this???

China is America's main strategic adversary, but we fall all over ourselves to further empower them!  International companies have moved critical manufacturing like semiconductor fabs, LCD screen and computer  and communications equipment manufacturing to China to take advantage cheap peasant labor at the cost of the US not having the capability to build those things anymore.  Carly Fiona (bragged about moving 27,000 jobs from HP to China) and people like are the ones who ought to be shot for treason!  Instead, they run for GOP high office.

Stick him in a canon and shoot him into a crowd of illegals.

two choices    one    traitor and death    or two    team leader for obamas economic team

It is Tim Gay-ner speaking...You shall act like me and be GAY!!What nuclear secrets??? Don't make me laugh!!!

He fell for the old 'Chinese Puzzy Trick'What a fool.

He is a traitor.  Execute him.

Any man that would do anything for p***y is not a real man and should be held liable.

I bet that was some sweet lovin'...

Hang him for treason!  Our early warning missile defense system? That's our money you know. Demand that he is hung.

I wonder if Obama is Involved he spends alot of time in Hawaii

He was thinking with the wrong head.

he should be shot a dam traitor. tks stang

Hang him!!!!I'd prefer a return to Roman Republican times when traitors were brought before the senate and strangled.

Treason is punishable by death.

These people know what type of men are weak and they go after them. Young beautiful big legged Asian women. It works every time.

China already knows how to build nuclear weapons, and has plenty of them, so what's the big secret?

Its about the only way we are going to make any money from them. I guess he had a melt down over her after she told him I love you long time.

"I rove you rong time if you stear me some secrets, big boy", she said to the former GI...

I thought treason was punishable by hanging? This law is still on the books. It should be used in this case and all others to prove to people that cheating our country for personal gains is punishable by their death. No more plea barganing , just death. sorry they made the wrong choice. bye bye.

Hopefully,this moron will have at least twenty years in a small cell to think about the damage he's caused and the amount of repair work needed to overcome this kind of thing.

Hmm, now why would a 59 year old man with a security clearance trust a 27 year old Chinese woman.  Oh yeah, he was using his "second brain"...

He has been used by the Chinese.I agree with all of my Conservative Friends on this one. This guy is an enemy of the state now. Let him and the girl get the death penalty for putting all US citizens at risk by sharing sensitive nuclear secrets with the enemy.

Looks like a case of you show me US secrets and I'll show you mine.

Death penalty for espionage.  He sold us out, I don't want to feed the traitor for one more day.  And while we're at it, do her too.  Enough is enough, we don't need a second Pearl Harbor.

Shoot the traitor

I  hope he enjoyed it--because, in jail, there is a good chance he isgoing to learn what the word "pokey" really means

Hope he gets the death penalty.

Benjamin Pierce Bishop, 59, a former U.S. Army officer, what a shame for piece off #$%$ he sold the honor of US Army officer and the country that he swear to protect.

For God sakes america, just dont vote for hilary for President.

I met my wife when I was 57 and she was 26 and we were married when I was 59 and she was 28. I am American and she is Chinese, but we are both teaching at University in China. The only Top Secret Information I told her, was why I am The SunGod and that's why she worships me.

Its the chinese way...beg, borrow, steal but never invent, invest or buy. What did anyone expect? But the traitor should have known that so kill him twice.But he is a veteran they are all angels and deserve our undying gratitude for ever and ever.

And only #$%$ men think with their other head,Not all men do this.

Pay attention people! All of this is happening on Obama's watch!

Them Chinamen is awful i ordered the beef and snow peas and black mushrooms lunch special and a order of sweet and sour pork but he to me i ordered off the wrong menu talking about i ordered the dinner meal it was only four oclock. You have to watch them people or they will get you

China owns america, he was just reporting to his real boss. They govt cant just give the plans outright they need a patsy. Or theyll give it out with silly alteration claiming their fake when in fact their viable plans.

Just keep letting all the foreigners that want to come into this country come in,,,,,someday they'll own it..........

It doesn't matter how ugly she is, if she spreads her legs.. he will give her every thing...

I hope she was worth it!

He snitched for some #$%$!- who wouldn't ?

Another fool following in the footsteps of Aldrich Ames, although apparently only for the honey this time rather than for the bucks. Haven't the FBI, CIA and other surveillance authorities learnt their lesson by now?  However trustworthy his background, nobody, and I mean nobody, benefiting from top security clearance should automatically be considered purer than the driven snow.Shoot or Hang him immediately! During times of war, isn't treason still an offense to which capital punishment could be the sentence?

kill him now.....and do it on tv......the govt clearly has enough on this lowly #$%$......this selfish,thaughtless #$%$ should be ELIMINATED.....HE CLEARLY CARES MORE FOR #$%$ THAN THE WELFARE OF AMERICANS LIVES....

can you say firing squad

spying against each other?  dirty game

everything for a p#$%%^y, was it worth it ?

Hang him.

Try him.  Convict him.  Shoot him.

Oldest trick in the book. 50 something man gets hit on by 20 something woman... its like taking candy from a baby. Or should I say giving candy to a baby?

execute this guy

Did you get the Chinese bish and the data?Perhaps we should send Mooochelle to China in retaliation.

Fry Bishop's #$%$.  F___n traitor.  Never trust the Chinese!  Never!

This  guy is ruined  for life....what about his family,,,  i hope  he wasn t married....i bet he gets  10  years  ,,these  type  of guys will  never learn

he will never see a vagina or day light again hope it was worth it.

cant blame him, asian bootys are delicious! LOL

....59 year old former Army officer....Top Secet clearance....27 year old #$%$...here on a Visa....access to all this top secret info....and no one thought to double-check this stuff.  Aren't these guys with high-level clearances required to report ALL contact with foreign nationals?  Did anyone check his bank accounts or have him submit to annual polygraph examination?  Sounds like the security overlords in this case should also go to jail--for extreme incompetence that caused "great damage to the government of the United States."  Just wait, there's more dirty laundry to come out of this case!

death to a tratior

A maximum of 20 years? That"s not a lot for betraying your country of which he served. Firing squad, hanging and be-heading all at the same time if he's guilty. NCIS is investigating. Does that mean Gibbs is on the job?

"He is charged with one count of willfully communicating national defense information to a person not entitled to receive it, and one count of unlawfully retaining documents related to national defense."How about instead, we charge him with ESPIONAGE and TREASON!!!  Upon  conviction, he is EXECUTED on National TV during prime time so we can ALL see this POS get what he deserves!!!

ha ha the matahari tactic still works!Not much facts....only accusations..... Maybe she played him and just went through his things.....  Wait until the trial to judge the dude....

This will turn into an NCIS episode

remember when that Chinese dude got caught on his way to China with a pc loaded with classified info (ICBM guidance tech) and he turned out to be a major Chinese fund raiser for the Clintons? Whatever happened to that guy?

you idiot

If proven guilty he should be given the death penalty with out question hes a traitor to his country over a piece of #$%$ heres another proven case of stop allowing forieners to stay in our country wake up america

What some men will do for a piece of Chinese woman. They will give up the safety of all American's from foreign invasion. 20 years in retirement in a federal prison is not enough. They should execute him. This is an act of treason that could cost the lives of millions of American's. I don't believ ein the death penalty but this is unforgiveable, and why should tax payers pay 20-30K a year to maintain his dental and health care. They probably will give him a free college education as well.

So this terd, was collecting monies from his employer, a retirement from the ARMY and from China also ???? seize his assets..to payfor his incarceration or the rope...

yea , wax on wax off ladie is back in china as we speak,he is a discrace as  a u.s. citizen and should someones prison #$%$ now,lets see his security clearence save him now

Death penalty!

She had to be very bendy.This guy must be stupid if he thought he wouldn't be monitored with a Top secret clearance. Maybe he will realize that when he is in prison! LOCK HIM UP!

hang him!

Traitors should be hanged,,,he only will get 20yrs in prison

It says he has documents marked Secret. Maybe its more of the U.S. killing women, children and reporters again. Disinformation again? We are told only the stories one sided and they hide everything else. National Security issue? People need to wake up and think for themselves, how many times can someone lie before you question all they say?

Execute the Traitorous low life!Republicanism Forever !

Anyone who aids the enemy (and yes China is an enemy nation) should be shot at sunrise...or sunset...or high noon ...which ever comes first after conviction.

Odumbo will just pardon!

Meanwhile, thousands of lower wage earners are turned down for DoD jobs because of a credit rating. The problem is the flood of chinese visa holders, they are stealing us blind right under our PC noses.

Torture him to death to death!

Once again a dumb man thinking with his OTHER HEAD"..send him to china to liveerase this traitors entire family generation but not before they are informed that their traitor kin convicted them all - then hang him. this should deter the rest

Can he claim some "Syndrome" like the soldiers who kill innocent civilians &amp; get away in the Amerikan justice system ???

I feel bad for him.  He was set up and used by this woman and played like a fiddle.  I am sure he didn't truly understand her nature.  He should have known better though.

send a message ,,,,just like in the old days,,,,,,DRAW AND QUARTER HIMlook that one up if you want to read some sick stuff

H20= (H+) + (0H-) ... insert into balloon ... di-hydrogen oxide bomb..  My 2 yens worth ... trying to build up some credit with the Chinese.  I have more secrets too ... I think I know how they got that sticky stuff inside of the chocolate bars ... Scottie used the transporter to get it in there.

oral sex will release lots of information. lmao!

Why they always fall for the same thing over and over again they need to come to the hood and step they pimp game up or buy some Too Short mp3's na E-40 so they can lay it down ! LMAO

If the sex is free and really good....beware.

Preliminary investigation showed that Mr. Benjamin Pierce Bishop enjoys eating Chinese sushi!!!!!

What a piece of #$%$maybe we should just "condemn it in the strongest of terms"

Some of you will remember the Walker family spy case in the 1980's. If you don't look it up because the damage that was done to our country is unforgivable. Then we have Jonathan Pollard. Not all of the so-called traitors in this country are politicians.

Wow, idiot. Didn't he learned to hit it hard and run away as fast as u can. She must off done something to him that twisted his eye's.Very interresting, very interresting. I can fix the problem, let me serve him his dinner meal and save the tax payers abig chunk of change.I respect crackheads a thousand times more than a stupid traitor

hang him in public and put him in unmarked somewhere  in the desert

Treason!!!!! Hang the sob on the highest palm tree in waikiki.

I want to see a picture of her, yea... Oo this guy should be shot. i mean apparent suicide.

At sun rise tomorrow, let him meet his maker!

treason he should be hanged no jail

theres just some things you dont share with people you love. one of them being GOVERNMENT NUCLEAR SECRETS! WHO THE HELL ARE HIRING THESE PEOPLE!?!

Archer loves the Honeypot.This Chinese woman finally was able to get apple's rectangular phone design from this guy. It is worth at least $2 billion according to our courts.

I'd give her a state secret or two....of course not the kind her handlers were hoping for, but I'm sure they'd enjoy watching the video...

Waterboard them, then line them up in front of a firing squad at sunrise on national television!!!

CANCEL ALL THE BLOATED CONTRACTS AT THE PENTAGON and start fresh!!! If the contractor has failed to reach goals, then DON"T rehire them!!!! Is that so difficult to figure out???? Put them thru a thorough background check and credit check!!!!

This guy was ex-Army?! Nice way of showing your patriotism! What gets me is that our government knows China is stealing our economic and military secrets, yet they let them get away with it. Where are the sanctions??? Could it be they are funding certain Senators' campaigns through the Chamber of Commerce? The CoC won't divulge where they get their donations from, where it's been proven through investigative reporting that they received donations from Chinese gov't owned companies! For crying out loud, our own defense contractors outsource work to Chinese owned companies and they wonder how our secrets get stolen?

Hang the S.O.B.

This is treason! Death sentence should be the minimum!

Treason is TREASON and to receive only 20 years in prison is laughable, come on lets get real, it sholuld be life in prison or death. The Chinesse don't play that game it's a automatic death sentence if a person is caught spying.

nothing will happen to him

Hope she love you long time.Treason for this #$%$-thinking fuq and what about this woman?? She was in the US on a visa, no residency, no security clearance, nothing. She needs to be put in jail for spying as well. Time to crack skulls on these #$%$!!! Sick of this #$%$!

boil him alive

I wouldn't pass nuclear secrets to her...but I would pass her my sperm.

Imprison both "heads".

The 27 year old woman's name is Mi Lay Yu.

I have a huge hog

Guilty ... Hang em high ... by the balls ....

He would already be dead if the roles were reversed.

no happy ending here!!

isnt the punishment for treason hanging?20 years is not enough. He should be tortured until he dies. He has put the lives of tens of millions of Americans at risk.

That is one expensive sucky sucky.

That's treason.  Publicly hang him.

how #$%$ stupid...when will the US ever learn?

You know the woman probably didn't even love him.. She was probably a spy for the Chinese.. I wonder what her story is

There is a cell right next to Walker ready to be filled. Time to start locking up traitors!!!

Torture tactics should be used for this.

Traitors. Him and Bradley Manning need to be made an example of.

you give me secret, me love you long time stupid white guy...wiener was small, I still very tight.

Yep nothing like the power of p-ssy" half your age"Was it about gods particle of just apples rectangular phone design?

That is Treason and should be tried as such.  Think of the millions of people on the west coast now in danger, because of one individual.  That will be the only way to stop these traitors, by setting and example of them.

Got played by a honey pot.  Just get a rope for this guy.  There are plenty of tall trees in Hawaii.

R.U.#$#@#$^KIDING ME!!! SEND THIS TRAITOR TO ANOTHER PLANET!!!WITH NO OXYGEN!!!!!

He must be a Republican. I bet Romney passes alot of secrets when he visits his factories there. Its probably where he got that 250 million that he has stashed in the Caymans.

Hawaii, 59 year old man, 27 year old woman, Beautiful island, tropical sun, Beautiful beaches, Viagra, Oh yeah, He was going down in more ways then one!

Please read NAVSEA, Carderock &amp; NAVSSES it all about waste in the NAVY.

The Samson-Delilah effect, works even faster and more revealing when it is two of the same sex lovers, the reason it was so discouraged for years in America and the military, as they view it is 'us' against 'them' holding a 'bond' that most cannot understand or comprehend.

20 years? He should be executed for treason!!!

Didn't Bill Clinton do the same thing back in the 90's?idiot..

can you say dumb #$%$

public hanging......if found guilty........

Give the full 20 years to the traitor.

its called treason kill the s--b

the rosenbergs were given the death penalty for selling out their ( and OUR ) country. I think a traitor like this deserves it too.

GOOD JOB BISHOP!!

I so agree with you Fun 1,this kind of thing has been going on from Adam and Eve.But come on middleage men haven't you seen or know that young pretty women DON'T JUST WANT TO GO TO BED WITH YOU&gt;It's either money they want,or whatever.But IT'S NOT JUST YOU!!

As much as America is ripping it's people financially I won't be surprised if more of this starts happening for money and asylum.

See , the United States should have more women contractors, they will not betray us like the men do, that contractor was  thinking with the head that has no brainscan almost hear that Hawaii Five-O theme music now

Penalty for Treason.......We all know what this is......It is time to start enforcing laws ,not circumventing them

I guess his punishment will be 30 days house arrest, big deal

What a stupid 59 year old man thinking a 27 year old beauty really wants him....

Chinese trainning many pretty women to spies the West and US so super caution these women just do 1 night stand by never have long term relationship.

Book him Danno!!!

In the good old days this idiot would have been hung for treason. Not anymore. 20 years for letting a country know what we can and can't defend ourselves against. Its a shame.

If they knew he was meeting with this Chinese national and giving her classified documents, why didn' they arrest her? Did they FBI allow her to get this info out of U.S. Stupid move with such classifeid info.

honey trap gets 'em every time.

Tie him up in a holler some where with some good ile boys, poor some pigs blood over him, and let the coyotes have at him. Matter of fact, i gotta rope and tree....and plenty of coyotes.  Send him to west TennesseeShe love him long time with Happy Ending.

u think he would of being smart enough to pass false imfomation

Seven men. One bullet.

Well Israel regularly spies on the US and steals all its technology but no 1 has the guts to say anything to them

This is treason and the person should be charged with it.

Public execution .... needs to be brought back

Well, don't know what thay can make of it as Einsteinn said: "The bomb is not a recipe, its an industry". This defense did not help the Rosenbergs.

When found guilty...exacute..within 24 hours.

"Tears aren’t a woman’s only weapon. The best one’s between your legs."-Cercei Lannister

if he is found guilty then hang himWhat would help this case a TALL TREE and a SHORT ROPE now not next week. We know that will #$%$ of the LAWYERS. SO WHAT..

They'll do it to you every time

This white guy should be castrated.

N.Korea's nuclear technology was introduced from China who stole it from USA.

Liberals will say he is a hero!!

she swallowed for the peoples republic and he sold out to pop his cookied.  i agree with those calling gor the firing squad.  maybe otherd in his line of work will opt for #$%$ next time.

Now let me think, the man 57 and the woman 27. Come on guys, he believed she truly loved him.

Clinton and Gore Passed off all of them. They said that if eveyone had Nukes the world would be safer? DID THEY GET ARRESTED?

hang the traitor!

Copy Right Infringement on a "National" level at its best...by China!!!  When will they engineer things on their own!!It's always love or money.

Republican. Peace.

Geez he's 59 and she is 27.... No red flag there...

The LMSM clearly thought this was OK when Clintoon did it in exchange for campaign contributions, because they buried the story at the time and haven't mentioned it since, so I'm sure they'll all line up to demand this guy be given a pass too.

Her #$%$** must have been really really wet.

Did the Chinese women give good head?

Isn't it time we sentenced traitors and those who deal in espionage to death in the US? The Rosenbergs were sentenced to death in the 1950's. That would send a strong message to those pass along highly classified intel to potential political &amp; military adversaries, now &amp; for the future. There's simply no room for pardoning this type of white collar crime. Peace.

The "Honey Trap" how many of you bow and pay ypur wifes ? its normal :)

this traitor should be made an example of and have a disgraceful end, a public hanging

Just another example of how the Chinese obtain their technology, rather than develop it themselves.I hope this guy gets the maximum sentence possible.But, did she have good coutchie.

Remember "Tokyo Rose"?  They know that some of us American men find an Asian woman exotic.

What was her punishment?, I hope it was at least deportaion and blacklisting.

"he faces a maximum of 20 years in prison"  Sounds like a death penalty case to me

he sells his country for a f... hole. How low is he?. Its much worse than treason for money.Just shoot him

Umm, sounds a lot like the movie "Spy Game", right down to the male character lead name, Bishop, played by Brad Pitt.Interesting...

Pus*y no teeth bit hurt like freaking hell, he deserves it.

How many viagra pills do think she had 2 force feed this cat?

She probably ate his gun like a egg roll and that fool told every secret he knew! Lol...She had him singing like Luther Vandross and Luther's outta here! Get this fool outta here 2!!!

Small fishShe must have had most excellent stuff for this #$%$-wipe to give into her,or should I say put into her.

Hang this son of a #$%$ by his balls hes a trader and a pig

#$%$ cat without the cat is certain to get you in trouble without fails.

Really now... It should be in one of those military pamphlets that look they were written for a total d!p$h!t, right? If a 27 year old Chinese woman on visa is having "romantic relations" with a 59 year old former Army Officer with top secret clearance, she is most likely, and by that 99.9% certainly a spy! Poor sucker must have thought he scored big time! Probably hasn't gotten much "romance" spending all that time with nuclear physicists or whatever else he did that gave him access to inside knowledge of our nuclear program. Regardless of the circumstances, he REALLY should have seen that one coming, given his job and that IMMENSE 39 year age gap. Hmm, I WONDER who brought up the peculiar subject of nuclear secrets?! Huh, must have just come up, after all, that is what new girlfriends usually ask you, right?........... Poor sucker, probably didn't even get to hit it after telling her our dirtiest, most secret nuclear secrets!.........

National security! U.S.A, as a ring leader of Anglo Empire spend away nearly one trillion dollars yearly on (so-called) defense &amp; security related matters; spying &amp; surveillancing every square mile on earth, eavesdropping every radio transmission call 24/7. Native American people, the rightful owners of American Continent, where USA&amp;Canada alone is plundering more oil than SaudiArabia&amp;Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as native people remain poorest citizens on their own land.Before Europeans came,Native population in North&amp;South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population at 30 million and Europeans at 1 BILLION! [Google 'sicko uncle Sam' to read at forum]

spying on another country gets them 20 yrs, and China coldly shrugged saying they dont understand the relevance of the situation. its 20 yrs ppl. ^_^,

Chinese are always stealing #$%$.

Now he can look forward to happy retirement in a single room with three meals a day, TV privileges, etc.

Hey....whats the big deal?  This hag had her legs up in the air and this numbskull got caught with Mr Winky in the cookie jar.  No doubt was like a clacker in bell but hey...it only cost us state secrets.

Give him 20 years.Dog eat Dog.....

bet she sucked the information out of him

Hang him in public! Her BURN!

the power of punanny

I am sure they hacked our intelligence on this before he said anything.

Wonder if Obama had anything to do with it???  treachery is everywhere

Hawaii five holed. Chiece!

Traitor= #$%$? Trying to become a congressman?Find out what he told, execute the worthless piece of traitous #$%$= and save room on the tree for the gun grabber tyrant traitors

Must have been some good pu55y.

Execute him NOW. Tie the treacherous P.O.S. down on a morgue gurney and slowly saw his four limbs off then behead him after.This is part of the Industrial Military maddnes that Eisenhower tried to warn us about.  We continue to spend trillions on weapons, with the only result is that we end up combating our own technology!  Just look at the A-bomb, the soviets got it from us and quickly!!!  Most recently Iran landed one of our drones on their home turf, do you think the chinese are standing by quietly?  I doubt it, they with their money were the next things to hit the ground after the drone landed.  We spend fortunes to fight against our own weapons...............Really, there simply has to be another way around this, or could someone explain to me how this IS the only way, and I'll shut up.  Promise, but be concise, personal attacks are NOT good enough.

WHO IS THE CONTRACTOR??? And he was a former officer? What rank, what branch of service. If he did not resign his commission , he should be recalled to active duty and court marshaled!

Traitor. Make an example of him.

Poor man, he thought the spy woman won't let the cat out of the bag. Its love or alcohol that make men speak their secrets. Totally betrayed by your lover, next time be careful. When a man loves a woman... he speaks everything, guys be careful with the ladies you deal with. Some are Hyenas in the sheep's skin.

The guy is not a trader nor a spy. Just a #$%$, nieve old old man. He should have stuck to the prostitutes like the rest of us expatriates. He knew the rules but ended up "falling in love" with the enemy. Fool. His actions now place a bad light on Fed Defense Contractors and might have an adverse affect on our freedoms. It just takes one idiot ala Secret Service in South/Latin America. All because he "wanted a girlfriend". ......"don't go chasing waterfalls, stick to the rivers and the lakes that your used to"

Keep an eye on Sen. Mitch McConnell's chinese wife!

Later she will turned out to be Mossad agent.

Wow. Hard to believe someone would do this.  And to have it happen here- on O'ahu- where we have the huge Hickham-Pearl Harbor base and lots of military.  Hope he didn't give up any secrets and that no harm was done.

Stone the traitor, bury him the waist though instead of the neck.

So if I pass on something about the U.S. to my Chinese wife, can they arrest me?  What a crock of #$%$!MOST of AMERICAN MEN are CRAZY and SLAVE to CHINESE WOMEN because their SEX SKILL is GREAT and  they provide GREAT SEX FANTASY that create AMERICAN and EUROPEAN are LIFETIME SLAVE ???????????

another tactics used to silence american dissident.frequent tactics being used by govt to smear his reputation as spy of enemy.nobody would support him and believe what he said about repression in america targeted to american people.

This loser should be shot if guilty. He's 59 and she is 27, pretty oblivious she was not in it for the lovin. China is not a friend of anyone. For a couple of thousand of years they feel like they have been sucking hind tit. They want fresh milk now. But our president is a Nobel Peace Prize winner so I am not worried.

Sell out your country for a little tail!,shame shame.

ammo to solve this  $3-00  govn and lawyers  and courts $3 million

The rosenbergs were executed for passing nuclear secrets to the russians. This contractor should be waterboarded and hung.

NIU!

Give me seeclet me suka yuu rerr guud.

Give me seeclet me suka yuu rerr guuuuud.

Americans have something for Asians. Americans must be Pedos for liking these little girls with girl bodies.Just another republican selling out America to the highest bidder

GOOD job Bishop a true american hero you did you country a great service! And if the navy is involved he was trading alot more than nuclear technology!