Even Egypt doesnt want Palestinians and then people complain when Israel doesnt want them either.

Abu Da Babu may hate Jamal Al Jamba but they both hate us, Count on it!

@Pal, give it up dude, no one's buying your bullsh-t ..In 2008, ISM member Richard David Hupper was convicted by a U.S. federal jury for materially aiding Hamas. These are people you support ?

It is pretty bad when the muslim brotherhood doesn't even want you.

This is amazing.  An article about Egypt and Gaza and all you get are anti Israel rants.  It is obvious that Morsi is operating the new govt without Muslim Brotherhood domination.  I thought someone might mention that.

Why don't the Saudis and Iranians give some money, for something besides weapons, to the Palestinians?   Both countries have more than enough!

Evil knows no bounds.  Americans, Israelis, Egyptians, even their own follow citizens are all killed by the eveil regime in Gaza.  They are evil because they are evil and that is the beginning and the end of it.

Even the Egyptians don't want the palestinians so will the liberal media hate them like they do Israel.

report the spamming TROLL pal!

cue international condemnation!  What?  No condemnation?  Gee, I guess it's OK for Egypt to deport their pseudistinian "brothers" to 'Aza.  Hey, maybe Israel should take a cue from Egypt and deport all the pseudistinians to 'Aza also...If it were Israel the world would have erupted. Double standards suck.

"Rick  •  2 mins 22 secs ago Report Abuse$16 billion each year of US taxpayer welfare to the biggest welfare queen in world history."Monumental LIE by a LIAR. He will never be able to prove this LIE to be true. FACT

hamas are a bunch of thugs,the muslim world would be better off if they isolate these morons!

Hamas is a dead end , period. It could not be clearer.

"LIFE IS AN ADVENTURE EXPERIENCED IN STAGES. Today's lemons are the ingredients for tomorrows lemonade......... " - YWCan I trade in the lemonade for  limoncello ?

The extreme racist hatred of Hamas which seeks to achieve its aim of all the land form the river to the sea by firing thousands of rockets at Israel along with other attacks simple and the fact that there was no fence until the Israel had enough of attempts to slaughter its people, never happened in your world did it?Oddly the Palestinians gain nothing form the Leftist blind support and adoration , concern of course be optional , as compromise is the only why peace will be achieved.

The Palestinians, who were flying from Syria. why would they go to Syria at this time? things that make you go hmmmmm...

Mohacadamians, this won't cut it, have the huevos to change ...Quran 5:51 - Believers, take neither the Jews nor the Christians for your friends. They are friends with one another. Whoever of you seeks their friendship shall become one of their number. God does not guide the wrong-doers.

Poor  mr no one. He is completely eaten up with his own garbage .He will end up in a heap, like hamas.

Hey Pal I gave you the info for Gordon Duff's admission of posting lies on his Veterans Today Website - go look. I posted it under your alias David R...Notice all Pal can do is repeat the canned nonsense about Corrie. How pathetic, but the imam's want 'em dumb.

@PalSave us your B/S. The real enemy within are Muslims fanatics. After killing 3000 people on 9/11 there were 33 other acts of Muslim terrorism in the US which killed at least 58 people.It could have been thousands more, but the FBI was successful in thwarting many mass murders of Americans by Islamic terrorist.These acts of terrorism can also be traced for several decades prior to 9/11 such as WTC bombing in 1993 which killed 6 and injured 1,040.

@Pal, you are a pathetic propagandist lying pig.International Solidarity Movement (ISM) encourages activists to take “direct action” that puts their lives in danger during military operations.

@Pal, you may be the most pathetic propagandist lying pigs here.In 2003 ISM activist Susan Barclay “... knowingly worked with representatives from Hamas and Islamic Jihad…”

How do you get deported to Gaza? It's like someone from New York being deported to New Jersey?

Egyptians are racists?!  Where's the U.N.?  Where's Code Pink?!  Where are all the whiny Leftist bleeding-hearts who always condemn Israel for this kind of "apartheid" activity?  Protecting yourself from violent people by deporting them?  How extremist!

No one, at all, wants these trouble makers........

Even the Egyptians don't like the palis

There no sigh of Hamas desiring peace with Israel. Indeed, that's the last thing they want. They're prepared for a lengthy cease-fire during which they rearm and prepare to attempt to conquer Israel when it suits them on the model of the original Islam/Jewish encounters.

Swift, if it had happened in the USA they would be held for months while being given free legal advice.Rachel really was mentally unstable. She threw herself against huge military bulldozer! It was obviously suicidal action.If you see the hatred in her as she is burning the American flag, it is easy to agree that she was insane.

"EVERYMAN''? Is this the name your mother gave you? I bet your sister's name is "ANYMAN". Does this name mean what I think it means? "EVERYMAN"? That is disturbing. Your mother should change three things. Her career, your name and your sister's name. Now we all know why your are behaving like the way you do. You are ashamed of your mother. As sick as it is, there are ways that you can be helped. Find a good Jewish doctor and take your mother to see him. Do not forget, these good doctors want money. You mother can not pay him the way she pays for food, rent, (by the way, how does she pay for gas, phone,...?). That is enough for today.

Ahhh, puppy, it's so sad that we supposed "mossad agents" can post facts while you, who claim to have facts, can never address the posted reality. You shrug it off, proudly braying that there's no need to discuss reality because it disagrees with your hatred.The Koran has killed and continues to kill far more people than the Mossad. It also has a difference, the Koran is a war being waged, while the Mossad defends from jihad.

When Israel deports these undesirables the world cries out.  When Egypt deports these undesirables it's OK.  Hmmmmmnn, sounds as though Hitler and his folks are alive and well.

For those who complain that Israel has turned Gaza into a prison, please don't ignore their own Arab brothers who maintain one of the walls.

Ricky, years ago you used to be civil.   Do the fires of jihad now burn in your soul?

If Islam is so great, then why don''t they get along in whatever country they live in?

"I view Islam not as a religion, but as a dangerous, totalitarian ideology—equal to communism and fascism. Aren’t I allowed to say so ?”Geert Wilders - MP of Netherlands

fake "Native" go back to tehran and exercise your freedom of speech from there fool.

Arab kids, in the end they are the ones who have to bear the brand of fighting between suicide squads on the side of Islamo - Fascism and defenders of Israel on the side of IDF.Did these suicide squads came to every Arab kid in Israeli neighborhood and asked him "do you want to die for me and my handler idiocy?". ."Do you want to lose home for my idiocy?""Would you prefer normal life or Rachel Corrie 2 street in your town?"Veterans today...just another nazi website that sounds legit, but isn't.

This is what Gaza needs - more pale-terrorists.  Why can't we just close down Gaza and send those arabs to one of the 22 arab/muslim countries in this world?  THis would help bring peace to the region.

Hamas sees Gaza and itself as a part of Egypt. That is why it acts as if it were an important player in Egyptian politics. Time to set Hamas straight, perhaps send its members on a flotilla to Turkey?!

According to the UN, the largest recipients of aide in the world are the Palestinians.

Dont you just love it!  Even the corrupt Egyptians know the Palestinians and Humas are nothing but #$%$ ...... but yet, The U.S. (Obama and Kerry) still send them millions of dollars in aid.  I guess we all know where Obama's interests really lie.

Now that is a harsh response to deport seven Palestinians to the Gaza Strip where the terrorist group comprised of Palestinians, Hamas is in control. What was the point?

If an arab on here had an original thought, it would die of loneliness.

Rick the prick is too thick to learn new tricks.

The sad part of the story is that the M.B appears to have been in the know just as well, in an effort to degrade, discredit and diminish the stature of the national army, which they fear as the last thing standing between them and total dictatorship. Like Obama the M.B takes no blame for failures and for misguided policies, easier to blame others, frankly, IMHO they are all on this, and it is harder to believe any one of them.

Even funnier, note that EP claims that four US government investigations, by the Administrative and Legislative branches must have been Mossad run. Poor, sad puppy.words from Mohammad ..."The world is the Prison of the Believer, and a Paradise for the Kaafir" (us)ya'll suffer if like, but pass the beer and corn chips first ;-)

From PMW: "A Palestinian child can walk to school along a street named after the terrorist Abu Jihad, who planned a bus hijacking that killed 37, spend the day learning in a school named after Hamas founder Ahmad Yassin, in the afternoon play football in a tournament named after suicide terrorist Abd Al-Baset Odeh who killed 31, and end his day at a youth center named after terrorist Abu Iyad, responsible for the killing of the 11 Olympic athletes in Munich."It's no wonder the Muslims on this board want to honor Rachel Corrie, a person who worked with Hamas and Islamic Jihad.

So, I guess no matter where these terrorists go they will be just that "TERRORISTS". Lebanon, Jordan, Syria, Egypt, Israel,.....These terrorists have destroyed more lives, countries, cultures, wealth, ....than any other group on earth. Wherever they have set foot on they have brought nothing but destruction and disaster.

fake "Native" = Iranian firster

Pal is the typical arab on here.  He has no facts to support his position, so he resorts to cloning.  I guess the arab in him thinks that is funny.  No wonder all the palis live in squalor.  They don't spend 5 minutes into doing anything productive...just imitation.

Egyptians are finally learning that hamas is a disease, a malignant disease.

And notice it's the Koran, hadith and Sharia that clearly talk about world domination, the Umma controlling everything and infidels either submitting to dhimmitude or dying, yet never a peep from the people who claim to be Westerners. Nope, the jihadis want world conquest, they just blame infidels in the hope that dumb lefties will support them until too late.

Hamas lives in its own violently ugly fantasy land. Hamas is a curse for Egypt and the Middle East. Time for an exorcism.

Ricky - have you painted your toenails red yet?

I guess no one wants the Palestiniens,,,Even their own [Muslim} brothers.  That's too bad,,,They are such nice people,,, I mean nice terrorists,,,,,,Poor little palis....always whining, always looking for sympathy for their situation.

There is no palastine just refugees from other arab countries trying to overthrow Israel. No matter how long arabs lie about that it wont change history or the truth

Ishy/jamil is the arab Pal, who thinks cloning is cute.

Not even the Muslim Brotherhood want Palestinians. Now they are deported them back to Gaza for vacation.

for my last question i received a reply of 5 is that correct? And do women only count as 1/2 a witness? If  all the women are blind  in 1 eye from say being attack with acid  does that mean there would have to be 20 ? I hate math

Egypt is being nice to there terrorists and is tolerating them because it is a muslim/arab country. If Egypt also starts a confrontation with these terrorists it will look bad on the global theater and they(Egyptians) have justified Israelis' reactions to these terrorists. Otherwise, Egypt would not tolerate their(the terrorists) behavior for one day.

Gee I never knew the Egyptians were Islamic "islamophobes".

Luke- Palestinians are Arabs!

fello

fellowHow about this for a palestian anthemwe are from other arab countries and have no nameso we went looking for land and someone to blameAll our arabs brothers just threw us outBut give us money for weapons to kill and shoutLets kill the jews and take their landthe oil hungry nations will just understandA lot of countries don't really careon 9/11 when we danced in the airSo lets overthrow Israel and tell you it's minethis fictional place called palestine.

Ever since Ishy proved that RC was a liar about his so called military record, he has been out to get her.

Nobody likes you palis....not even ur muslim brotherhood comrades in Egypt.

Life has little value to Palestinians. They do not have to pay their suicide bombers very much. Part of the reward is the deaths of Israeli children and adults.

Every day ISRAEL exists, its children flourish, democracy thrives... the losers are﻿ the hamascum/pallywood, who continue to fight a war they lost long ago.GOD BLESS ISRAEL !

OH MY GOD muslins deporting muslins? Just goes to show they don't even trust each other.

@PalYes join the Muslim terrorists on Facebook. Not only are they killing people all over the world, but they are getting closer and closer to every neighborhood in the USA.Join them if you want to support terror and a barbaric way of life as opposed to our democratic principles.

STOP f$@ING spamming you pali HO -BAG!

Well, better understand why muslims have won exactly no Nobel prizes in the sciences, even though they represent 20% of the population on earth.

Hey, this Mossad is to blame for everything is fun, but the sauce is almost done. Dinner time. ttfn.The UN charter, another "mossad document"Article 23. All Members shall settle their international disputes by peaceful means in such a manner that international peace and security, and justice, are not endangered.4. All Members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state, or in any other manner inconsistent with the Purposes of the United Nations.Note your Arab nations rejected UNR181, declared and have waged a 65 year long war against the existence of a sovereign nation.None of your lies obviate the Charter or your actions.

Rachel Corrie was a treasonous slug who burned her country's flag.Deserving only of a Darwin Award.

Most Christians have already been expelled from the Arab countries,Turkey and Iran by sheer hatred and intolerance.It's difficult to imagine what would happen to Israel if they accepted the terms of Hamas or Hezbollah, but their fate wouldn't be different from that of the Christians, I guess.

All men should care about women -your mothers , sisters , wives, daughters , friends.Have a problem with that @ Luuuk?

"Palestinians" (read unwanted Jordanians) deported to the Gaza?  Why weren't they sent back to their real homeland, Jordan?  Oh, that's right. Jordan doesn't want then and never did.  And apparently neither does Egypt or any other "Muslim" Country.

Was Rachel Corrie the one who was pushed in front of bulldozer by her arab friend? how many American flags did she burn?

How about this for a palestian anthemwe are from other arab countries and have no nameso we went looking for land and someone to blameAll our arabs brothers just threw us outBut give us money for weapons to kill and shoutLets kill the jews and take their landthe oil hungry nations will just understandA lot of countries don't really careon 9/11 when we danced in the airSo lets overthrow Israel and tell you it's minethis fictional place called palestine.

Pook...their piling on Ishy reflects how they treat women in general.  I am sure that Ishy was tough enough to kick back at them.

If the "Palestinians" would ever get their act together and provide a PEACEFUL unified front, they would be successful.  The real problem is that the most powerful of them won't settle for anything less than total destruction of Israel.

All I remember is that the mohammedans were lined up and not one of them tried to tell the bulldozer operator that there was a deluded idiot hiding in a hole in front of him.They were all smelling " propaganda" ...I don't know what Corrie had but I know she had no common sense.Darwin had a point!

My eyes are tired tonight but is it the Egyptians sent home the 7 arrested militants that killed Egyptian soldiers during thay Sinai attack? What is this story, with the arrival at the airport stuff?Just asking since no-one is discussing the article and it is alittle confusing wit talking of Syria/passports, tunnels and the title is deporting Palestinians from Egypt!

"Epik Phactor  •  3 secs ago Report AbuseMaybe you guys can start a I was Penetrated hard by Epik Club to help with...."The mohammedan and his omoerotic fantasies.

The palestinians have presented themselves as questionable due to their continued violence against Israel......

Palestinians do have the rights to their ancestral lands, there is not a nation on earth that wouldn't assist them to relocate back to Jordan, Lebanon, and Egypt.

Drive the rest of them into the sea!

That coward IslamoNazi Mousa Abu Marzouk lives in Tunis

Holy Guacamole ! Brotherhood, Hamas, Sharia, Islamic hoodlems ...If worse comes to worst ... we'll always have the Luxor in Vegas ;-)

This quote is very interesting and at the same time make "some of you" think is it worth to protect Islam: "Islam is an ideology of hate. Islamic terrorism is of a ritualistic nature evidenced by Quran 47:4, 33:61, 8:12-15, 7:4 to mention just a few of thousands of teachings. The dead kafirs and their blood are humansacrifices: ritual offerings to Allah...To quote the eminent Islamic theologian Abu Hamza al-Masri "There is no liquid loved by Allah more than the liquid of blood" "Whether you do it by the lamb, or you do it by a Serb, you do it by a Jew, you do it by any enemies of Allah," he said. That drop of blood "is very dear."

Then there's poor Rachel. An idiot suckered by ISM, a terrorist funded group supporting Hamas and other terror organizations who have the goal of destroying a sovereign nation. Just as Epic Failure and Sammie think it's great the the PA names government buildings, including schools, streets and parks after terrorists, they also honor people who die defending terror. In that, they're consistent.Poor Epic Failure and Sammy. They keep posting what their imams want, but they just end up talking to each other. They never convert anyone to their ignorant hate because lurkers see the facts that keep getting posted. Things such as 4 US government investigations showing the Liberty as nothing other than an unfortunate case of friendly fire.Those of us who remember it also remember there was nothing mistaken about:- the first WTC bombing- the Beirut barracks bombing- Mogadishu- USS Cole- Bombings of US embassies on Africa- Madrid train bombings- London Underground bombings- 9/11But they can't condemn jihad, or even address it. To do otherwise as they do would be to risk being labeled apostates and then being subject to the same punishment infidels who won't bow to Islam get: Death.

I am looking for a few good idiots to post:  "It is a Zionist plan".

Guess what pal....the Irish can't stand u palis either.

Palis are &amp; always will be Arabs, Luke!

The palestinians have displayed to the world an agenda of uncivilized actions. The palestinians supporting the hamas agenda is one example.......

No one want the terrorists from Gaza. When Hamas took over and started their war on their own people it ended the chance for peace. Now they are search for "collaborators," taxing goods coming in to Gaza, and trying to keep their population in a state of misery. The people deported were probably trying to escape from Hamas and will be no doubt punished.

The Palestinians aren't a real people, they are﻿ a mixture of cardboard cut-outs , holograms and cobbled together bits of shoe-string and chewing gum.

"Unc Sam  •  13 secs ago Report AbuseHi Pook, wanted to let you know that there is a place in Dallas called Pookies Donuts. LOL!"Hurray, I am there ! Thanks ! .......... Got milk ?

hamas, hezbulah, muslim brotherhood, are all created by and funded by thug iranian regime and would not be in existence if not for the abuse that the iranian's have imposed, that can be documented by iraanians who have served, escaped, and written about it.

I hope Egypt is getting smarter, it sounds like it. Hamas is a bad group-period, yes, Palestinians need more freedoms, more land for their people, but Hamas is like answering hope with a suicide-they do not want peace.Hey Pal, if you don't mind me asking, are you Arab?

Oh the humanity. How can Egypt give the Gazastinians back to Gaza?   Why does Egypt not welcome its brothers with open arms?   Yeep!

Just dump them back in the stew pot,they,ll swim back to the surface very soon,I,m sure!!

Either side Rachel Corie commit suicide! Throw herself against Bulldozer or plunge into the water is suicide.And suicide is not the murder or the manslaughter.

here's a "mossad quote."Palestine Liberation Organization executive committee member Zahir Muhsein.: "The Palestinian people does not exist. The creation of a Palestinian state is only a means for continuing our struggle against the state of Israel for our Arab unity. In reality today there is no difference between Jordanians, Palestinians, Syrians and Lebanese. Only for political and tactical reasons do we speak today about the existence of a Palestinian people, since Arab national interests demand that we posit the existence of a distinct 'Palestinian people' to oppose Zionism."

Just like last night, when I see the degenerate language and ideas coming from James the debased North African mouk, I realize how crass is the mohammedan attitude towards all women.He is a good exhibit.

Wow para stinkians are trying to kill muslims now too. Maybe the UN should give them another state because they are so peaceful.

Who treats palestinians worse than Israelis? Every arab nation.

wow , cloner is sybil on steroids. OWNED

They are added to the terrorist collection in GazaDeportation my foot. The 7 Fukestinians terrorists were just too important to travel on their own followed from above by Zionist drones. They received a free ride with Egyptian security from Cairo to Gaza.

Yeah, sure, Egypt merely helped Hamas by giving them a few well trained terrorists that were waiting to enter Gaza.

Pal the mohammedan still pastes garbage he collected from PressTV.

this is just too funny. arabs love each other so much. you know, you would have to be a real #$%$ fanatic for the egyptian islamists to deport you.

Cloning....pal as Ishy...how clever....arabs are so transparent.....and uneducated.

Hey pal....are the so called fake jews (khazar s in ur terminology) responsible for killing Jesus too, or just the legitimate jews, whom u agree are entitled to live in Israel?

The Palestinians continue to shot themselves in the head once again,this week in the Islamist egyptian newspaper, Al Dawa,18 Hamas operatives were arrested in the murder of 28 egyptian soldiers in the Sinai,As an egyptian,we now see why Israel has built a fence around Gaza,we must do the same in Egypt,we must stop these parasites in Gaza from entering Egypt.

"Everyman  •  POOK, I think you are a JEW, why else would an "athiest" defend israel? It is like a lamb defending a lion that is waiting to eat it..."--------- The above is an imbecilic post. I am a free thinking man and will defend whomever I want. Presumptuous moron.

“We should fully understand our religion. Fighting is a part of our religion and our Sharia [Islamic legal code]. Those who love God and his Prophet and this religion cannot deny that. Whoever denies even a minor tenet of our religion commits the gravest sin in Islam."Osama bin Laden (what a dihk)

Rachel corries death would make a fine comedy sketch!Late Rachel Corrie shared anti-Semitic and cannibalistic philosophy of Hamas ,why should we think about her?

when abama gets there ..explane to him how deportation works ..an why .so he will deport all illegal mexicans an listen to our already written constitution of AMERICA !

There is a bizarre blindness among those who advocate "talking to Hamas".Hamas has no interest in talks - its objective, clearly stated in its charter, is the destruction of Israel and the murder of Jews wherever it can find them.This is an organization so extreme that even its putative partners in an unlikely Palestinian state are terrified to travel to Gaza to meet with them - Abbas fears for his life unless he meets them in an environment where their thugs cannot simply eliminate them.It is an organization so extreme that its fellow Arabs, the Egyptians, prefer to keep them bottled up in Gaza rather than allowing them free access to Egypt.And Israel should be "talking to Hamas"? Don't make me laugh.

Any good (Non Hamas supporter if that is possible) person who currently resides in Gaza should be allowed to emigrate to the country of his or her choice. When the vetting process is completed and the only remaining ones in Gaza are members/supporters of Hamas, the entire area would be carpet bombed until there is nothing left.

I wonder why no one seems to want the Palestinians? Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!

I don't know who your boss man is but I don't think he is very cool.

I think your boss man is giving you alot of stuff you shouldn't be taking and you need to stop letting him do that to you. I think you need to quit and come to America and live like a hippy.

Islam is sewage.FACT

"Jamil Baroody  •  27 secs ago Report Abuseactually so many babes go to her concert, it is the best place to get hooked up."mohammedan likey Jewish American singer ?

Deported to Gaza along with a hefty sack of money and weapons, paid for by the United States of America.The most famous example of inbreeding is in ancient Egypt, where several Pharaonic dynasties collapsed after a couple of hundred years. In order to keep wealth and power within the family, the Pharaohs often married their own sister or half-sister and after a handful of generations the offspring were mentally and physically unfit to rule.

Everyman is an empty vessel.His ego does not match his willy.

East Jerusalem Never was an Arab's city and never will be. It's where the Old City and the Jewish Quarter was before the Jordanians smashed it to pieces.There's been a majority of Jews in Jerusalem for centuries. They won't give it up a second time.

There isn’t much to divide the “moderate” Islamists from Al Qaeda-ists..They believe and say broadly the same thing.The only difference is that Al Qaeda-ists directly threaten us with terrorist attacks if we don’t do what they tell us, while “moderate” Islamists ruefully advise us that they won’t be able to prevent terrorist attacks unless we do what they tell us.

Rick the prick, we know that the Crusades happened.Now , prove it.

Rick,Another you cannot point out facts to.  He will claim every historical fact is all lies.  It pleases him to pretend ignorance.

Germany before WWI appear as a country at 1871 (before it was just a bunch of counties), WWII started at 1939. So, for 68 years of one country it wage two world wars. This new Israel appear at 1948 and for 65 years of its history Israel defend itself 5+ times. Same amount of years but how different story.

Pal/everynoman/Ishycloner is a stateles arab who lost his schwit to the Israelis , and it shows.

Epik what a horrific thought lol.... heavens no.... lol..... yeah but I do feel like I have to justify my points here and my believes... and of course where I stand....

If Syria and other arab states are asking Palestinians to carry 'papers,' why blame Israel when they do the same? Palestinians are also a nuisance to other arabs as they're to Israel!Hamas is an offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood, from which Egypt's current President Mohammed Morsi hails.. that speaks volumes..

If THEY can doit. Why cant WE doit to ILLEGALS HERE ???

Syrup......... got pancakes ?

Here is Littleman again.  He rotates between threats, cloning and stupidity.

The mouk cannot ride his burro anymore.The last one disappeared up hizanus like in a sinkhole.Camels for this imbecile, and Constantinople or bust !

The mouk is mentally reatarded.

I remember almost all the pro Israeli posters stating their disgust concerning Pollard , I being one of them.But this feces sucking mouk, James will not have any of that.

Why is the Arab world doesn't the Palestinians but expects Irael to put up with them?

" Egyptian authorities deported seven Palestinians to the Gaza Strip after they were detained for security reasons..."So, who are these scoundrels going to blame for this?

I am sure you have all the dirt your boss man gives you to copy &amp; paste here trying to spread propaganda and your hatred for Israel. I am just saying that most people are not buying it and it's a waste of money.ALL sin and fall short cuz all are in sin muslims as well as anybody eles.deport the GAZA filth back to jordan and other Muslim cesspools!

islamist women and Haredi are totaly different no matter what they wear.

Rick the prick will LIE  day and night.And if I happen to be here, I will slam his snot in the dirt.

Palestinians cause trouble wherever they are. Kuwait had to deport them because they supported Saddam Hussein's invasion. Egypt is now starting to deport them for terrorist activities. No Arab country will give them citizenship except the country where they belong, which is Jordan. If they continue terrorist activity in Israel they should all be deported to Jordan.

The Palestinians should do some soul searching.  They are just nowt liked because they don't act like civilized people.  Even Arabs are getting tired of their shenanigans.

@Pal, you may be the most pathetic propagandist lying pigs here.ISM has been responsible for endangering the lives of many foreign nationals, including Rachel Corrie and Tom Hurndall

Native....1.4 billion muslims vs 14 million jews.  Now, how many Nobel prizes in the sciences or medicine have the muslims been awarded?.

Funny how the whole muslim world wants Israel to give the Palestinians their own state yet none of them want the Palestinians. Could it be that the Palestinians are the pariahs of the muslim world?? Good reason for that it appears.

Luke, what are you talking about you kook? I hate no one! lol Run along!

Even the Egyptians don't trust Palestinians.RC has been hiding behind the "GDF" ID and some others like the coward he is.  He is easy to recognize from his incessant whining.

Native....did u know that the ayatollahs Khomeini and Khameini we both born jews?  They have been members of the jewish federation secretly for years.  Maybe that's where the hamas connection came into play.  IDIOT!

I think Islamel needs to stop killing women and children until then they should be treated as any other terrorist group. Even worse since they receive so much Aid and handouts from the U.S..

Israeli Arabs are more free than Arabs in most Arab countries.The Palestinian Authority controls most of the West Bank.Gaza is a terrorist enclave controlled by the Hamas terrorist organization.If you want "apartheid," you should look at how Arab countries are doing these days.

A Jew from anywhere in the world it welcomed in Israel.  Apparently the Muslim Brotherhood is a lot less brotherly to their fellow Arabs.

It's so sad yet funny. Israel sends terrorists  to Gaza, and the jihadis scream at Jews and Israel. Egypt sends terrorists to Gaza and the the jihadis scream at Jews and Israel. They have such a limited education, they can't think of anything other than "how dare infidels have liberated themselves this close to our barbaric sands! We must scream."

Not even Mursi wants them!  And he is a terrorist himself!

Everyman - Stop and think.   Why haven't the different pogroms or whatever you want to call the genocidal actions been sucessful?   If they aren't God's chosen people, then why are the Jews still around?

Last night, when I witnessed the totally debased behavior by the multitudes of mohammedans hurling their misogyny driven insults at Ishy, I could not help but feel sorry for the helpless women who are subjected to this sort of behavior everyday in dar al Islam.

Pal the mohammedan is only doing what he is taught:  taqqyia.In this case, pretend you are someone else in order to denigrate the person.next Halloween im dressing as Rachel corrie ,i need a bloody sheet with bulldozer tread marks lol!

lol  Sooooooooo, not even Morsi and the MB recognize Pali's and/or want them around?  That should tell the sceptical something.

And these terrorists are muslims and are in a muslim country with islamic laws. Even Egyptians consider them dangerous, as terrorists.

Obama will be so upset.  These people cant even trick the muslim brotherhood. Just Obama.

Looks like Egypt has an alliance with Israel.

Hey, is it me or has anyone else noticed that nothing has been said about Yasser Arafat's autopsy. That it never has been announced whether he was murdered or died of natural causes. Bet you they did and quietly reburied him in secret, because they found his own people did him in.

Shawna, long story short ... Muslims have their undies in a bunch because Israel is the only non-Muslim nation in the region.

Jordan, the Real home of the Palestinians, got rid of them years ago because they can't be trusted.

These men accused of killing 16 Egyptian Army men last year, also, they are also accused of bombing The Saint Church that killed 23 Christian, but Egyptian authority let them go per Mursi commands, all are terrorist, Mursi, Muslim Brotherhood, Hamas

The Middle East will see peace the day we rid the world of muslims.  And only then.  I can't wait!Thank God for their safe arrival," wrote leading Hamas official Mousa Abu Marzok on his Facebook page.you can sure that this Hamas official wasn't wearing any pants and underwear when he said that.

Massive inbreeding within the Muslim culture during the last 1.400 years may have done catastrophic damage to their gene pool. The consequences of intermarriage between first cousins often have serious impact on the offspring’s intelligence, sanity, health and on their surroundings

they need to deport all of GAZA to EGYPT!

Pal...you would be doing a far better thing if you used your energy to combat the horrors of arab female genital mutilation, performed on most arab women in the Middle East

Amazing how Hamas thought attacking Egyptian soldiers would improve their relations with Cairo. Terrorists never seem to tire of shooting themselves in the foot. Ezekial 38 and 39.The Day the won't have to "struggle" anymore.

"palestinians" come out of the harlot! Do not follow her sins.

Israel will outlast them all, they are home.

CAIRO (AP) — Egyptian authorities deported seven Palestinians to the Gaza Strip after they were detained for security reasons upon their arrival to Cairo airport, the state news agency said Saturday.Deporting them would have meant sending them back to Syria. Releasing them to Gaza is a whole other story.

"Hamas and all the Palestinians respect Egypt's security..."Putting Hamas and respect in the same phrase is comical.

Epic failure-another nomans fantasy loser. OWNED.The Romans renamed Israel Philistia after the Bar Rebellion in 135 AD. This did not create a new race of people callled Palestinians. Send them all back to Jordan where they belong!

Israelis want a country that resembles the USA. Palestinians want Somalia.These are no reconcilable aims.

The "Palestinians" are so violent even the extremist Muslim brotherhood doesn't want them around. You know that you are an ultra extremist when even the extremists call you extremists.

How much more human garbage will fit in that terrorist cesspool?

One day, everyday, I will slam the lying bigots here.Silly clowns .

Saudis and Iranians will give money only if they see some or the other mohammedan sect killed with weapons that their aid buys.Or Jews, of course ...

Israel reveives $3 billion in military aid from the US .That is it.FACTRick the prick is a LIAR. He will not prove he is not.

Native,Stay off the Peyote, how many times do we have to tell you?

"Egypt says 7 Palestinians deported to Gaza"They are Eco-tourists.....more like Eco-terrorists.

Even some of the palestinians said Corrie was crazy.According to new shocking revelations to surface in the underground Arab media recently, Yasser Arafat was the mastermind of a homosexual sex cult known as Ibn Zubiie.

Thank God for their safe arrival," wrote leading Hamas official Mousa Abu Marzok on his Facebook page.you can sure that this Hamas official wasn't wearing any pants and underwear when he said that.

Israel must continue EXPANDING Jewish settlements otherwise it could happen something similar as in Lebanon the only ex-Christian Arab nation.After 1970 Lebanon accepted thousands of Muslim refugees who created chaos, terrorism, political unrest and discrimination.These Muslim refugees ruined Lebanon's economy which used to be the most prosperous per capita in the region, although Lebanon is not an oil rich country.I believe the same situation could happen to Israel if the Islamic population becomes majority.

Why don't you go to a porn site and bless "allah, the moon god" with more of your selfish delusions &amp; desires Pal?

A mohammedan is a slave of allah.No use for slaves.

Everyman is betraying some personal habits here on Yahoo .... interesting....

mohammedans are the bottom beatches on the human scale.Not because they are born that way, it is because they make themselves such.

Rick the prick and the everyman are weak minded.So they sob and bray .OK with me....

Muslims kill Hindus, Jews, and Christians. They are savages who behead men, stone women, and hide behind children.To get the West to ignore their daily murder spree, they blame Jews for everything. Jews are killing Pales, Mossad was behind 9/11, Jews stole their land, the Gazans are tortured and starving; the Jews control the media and the US government, and Americans are dying for Israel.Lies, upon lies, upon lies! But that is what they are experts at-Lying and Murdering!!!

Tell a lie long enough and people will start believing it. That is the Muslim belief.The Muslim murderers of this world are asking for a Boycott of the only democracy in the Middle East.The people who daily murder hundreds of people, mutilate and stone women, hide behind children, behead people in sectarian killings, fly airplanes into buildings and then celebrate these murderous events by dancing in the streets are claiming oppression and tyranny.Only lunatics can have such a mentality.REAL American's are sorry she died but do not sympathize nor mourn her.  She was a traitor.

I don't quiet agree with the real Ishy to day ,this one sucks.

Mouk, do tell us how you Moor eunuchs took over Constantinople.That was a good one. Too bad you did not have more than one set of nads 'cause I would have sliced them all off by now.

It is James, Samantha called him James the other day when he was under his Epik ID.  But we already knew it.

"LuKe  •  3 mins 26 secs ago Report Abuse--- hey James I googeled 14 street israelisnothing makes sense ,is it some kind of clinic, is that mental clinic"------------- It is from where he escaped.

James the mouk is a disgusting mohammedan.He is exhibit A as to why Muslim women need to be given moral and political support.Sane women born around these baboons are trapped in having to live with them.

The Native clone has lost his connection, either you are making fun of Muslims or your one dumb jack in the box, LOL!!

I think he is trying to tell us he has a yeast infection, poor slug.

"LuKe  •  3 mins 38 secs ago Report Abusepook you smart az"I can be either one or the other sometimes, and when you give me the opportunity I am both.

fake "Native" loves assad butchering his people, 70,000+ dead in a year, more than the israelies have ever killed defending herself in 60+ years, yet fake "Native" whines about fictional lies.  why do you hate democracy, freedom, and liberty???fake "Native" = non-american

Imam Jerry Brauner (AKA: Usama Bin Ladin) Convicted on the charges of Sexual Abuse - 1st Degree, and Sexual Abuse - 3rd: Subject Another Person to Sex Contact Without Consent. He was sentenced to 11 years probation, with the condition he must participate in a sex offender treatment program

Looks like Christy and Pal fell in love last night.

Rick,Islam is Evil.

palestinians are not wanted in most of the arab world.  each has their own monopoly on terror and there is no room room for competitors

para stinkians are a virus that try to kill where ever it goes. They dont want peace they just want to overthrow any country they invade..

Hamas and Mohammedan-brotherhood want all Palestinians dead

Deport them to a larger garbage disposal

truth hurts jihadis are #$%$ up people

First Egypt floods the terrorist smuggling tunnels with sewage , then throws this sewage swill back to gaza-is the term 'muslim brotherhood ' taking on a new meaning?Hey Egypt that's funny...

More terrorist for the Gazans and Hamas.

The arab nations are all so kind to their palestinian brothers and sisters.Kind enough to use them as slaves.Kind enough to use them as fodder.

In all my years of studying the Middle East, I've come in one conclusion:  an allah head, is an allah head is an allah head.

Even thier own people don't want the palestinians. They would try to destroy Israel just so they wouldn't have to deal with them.

Palestinians certainly should know deliberate murder when they see it since they practice it so frequently.The only question then is whether they are lying. I cannot help but question the honesty of suicide bombers and their patrons.

Let's face it, Corries death was an accident. Vittorio Arrigonis death by islamists salafists by hanging was NO accident.

You all antisemite animals remember that USA is the only thing that is keeping Israel from wiping their @$ with the whole middle east. Iran only exists because we do not allow Israel to take it out.

Rachel Corrie immersed herself in a society that glorifies political suicide, and when the opportunity came, she took it.If her parents refuse to believe that she killed herself, just as much as if she'd thrown herself in front of a subway, they're simply delusional.

The bigot bleats and whines because I defend Israel.So feuk'em. I defend whomever I choose to defend .CC, I did not question you about anything nor do I need an explanation from you justifying anyone elses post. I can read the post and decide for myself. Yes, you have the right to speak out as the rest of us do when addressed in an improper manner and I would expect you to do so.I will not continue a silly infantile argument with you.  I think we are in agreement that filth is crossing the line and the posters that use it should act more responsible as should Yahoo in curbing such behavior.

"Native  •  3 mins 50 secs ago Report Abuse............. There never was an Israel until 64 years ago. Ever."Here he is : the nose picking Native alibaba. Stupider than a brick of adobe.

Thats why you are calling me Christ? Okay, whatever.

OUCH!

pal go and find a burkah to pretend you're making the sexy with.

What good have the PaliNazis done for the world? ANYONE? BUELLER...BUELLER...BUELLER...BUELLER?

YW, there are many gross aspects to life, including the religious life.We are what we eat, and religion is what we practice.Or not.

The Palestinian glorification of the 'heroic martyrs' of murdered Israeli civilians has to end, as does the naming of squares, streets and schools after killers who have indiscriminately and brutally targeted innocents, a square was recently named after Mugrabi who massacred 37 Israeli's on a bus, and Abbas also attended a ceremony that honored Al Hindi, who was one of the leaders that organized the murder of Israeli athletes at the 72 Olympics.What kind of 'peace' can the PA offer anyway? it has zero control over the SW border with the Hamas controlled Gaza strip and no control over the northern border with Hezbollah controlled Lebanon.

"TheMadDog  •  53 secs ago Report AbuseEgyptians are finally learning that hamas is a disease, a malignant disease."--------It is the disease they incubated.As the not so honorable Rev Wright would say: The chickens came home to roost.

native americans history = pain and suffering"palestinians" history = self-inflicted dramaNothing tames the radical like actual accountability.

Is Gaza now the junkyard for bums?

Some time even Pook will say something Funny.

I'm proud to be Egyptian today.We now see what Israel has to endure day in day out.

What a surprise two mainstream Muslim groups lying to each other pretending they are innocent.Save yor lies for the Jews &amp; Infidels

Surprized they did not send them to the US with all the other illegal aliens.

The Muslim culture still practices inbreeding and has been doing so for longer than any Egyptian dynasty. This practice also predates the world’s oldest monarchy (the Danish) by 300 years.

WOW , even other Koranimals despise the Filthy Palestinians... not even their own kind want them.... Hilarious. Stay classy KORANIMALS

Ajad is sure that there are no gays in Iran but they keep hanging them all over the place.

rot in Muslim hell Rachel corrie!you do not know the history and ignore reality. Palestinians and Arab world have never recognized Israel. They want its total distraction since it was created in 1948.Israel got used to leave under endless attracts before 1967 and the settlements are necessary to protect population from such attracts.Just look what happened after Gaza settlements were removed. Israel is a small part in the much wider West and Radical Islam confrontation.Islamists want to rebuild world-wide Islamic Caliphate.

When we turn on the news we do not hear about Israeli atrocities, but daily we hear about Muslim atrocities.

'sup @ shamantha sharmoota? No luck today?

Everyman you dont seem to be feeling good today whats wrong.....and try not to blame the Jewish People for your ill feeling

while they are at it, they should kick out Muslim Brotherhood out as well.... and they will go ummmmmm second thought... let them stay but put them behind bars....

Muslims wont put up with each other and Israel is the Middle East problem, yea right.  Islam, the spawn of Satan, is the world's problem.  Wake up America!

If Egypt were to kill everyone of them you wouldnt hear a peep out of the muslim world

"Rick  •  1 min 16 secs ago-- $16 billion per year to Israel of US taxpayer welfare .."LIAR. ........ Table 5. Recent U.S. aid to Israel. From a 12 March 2012 Congressional Research Service report for Congress titled "U.S. Foreign Aid to Israel."... aid to Israel = $3.115 billion

we support the "Native" defending the people of syira.

This fouled mouth antisemitic girl had all the opportunity to fight for causes that are far worse and in need of attention immediately but Rachel Corrie choose to hate Jews.And in her hatred she was willing to take stupid chances.And now shes just another dead hater.OK, I do not do this ... ever ... but here I go.CC and Ishy, we all have disagreements based on substance and nuance. This seems to me to be based on nuance. Substantially, you are both right.

"Pal  •  2 mins 18 secs ago Report Abuse.....Thank you Egypt for our boys back home"--------------- They got DEPORTED -------------------

can someone help me with my homework? Here is the question. A muslim girl was being sexually assaulted,  2 witnesses were male and 1 witness was female how many more witness are needed for it to be considered a rape

Everyman,There is a simple answer to your question (two).  Islam, who hates all other religions.  Jealousy, small men have resented the Jews being the high achievers that they are.  If they can't work hard to accomplish what others have excelled at, they do not seem to mind working hard to steal it.  Hitler and Islam hate the Jews for religious reasons, and the jealousy of the Jews achievements.  That being so they use any excuse and lie in the world to try to bring them down.

@Rick .. 2012 figures .. $72 billion in foreign aid, most went to Arab/Muslim nations, and $14 billion for troop training and counter-terrorism. Israel rcvd $3.1, they pay us back, plus they're our ally. Let's cut off aid to our enemies!

Stop criticising the Jews...none of the "arab brothers" can stand the palestinians either. Road kill has more class and utility.

Everyman  •  9 secs agoYou and your cowardly friends delete my posts because you FEAR ME_________________________________________________________Everyman, I do not fear you anymore than the snell I eliminated in my flower bed this morning.

Mouk, how are your eunuch Moors doing ?Do you see Constantinople already ?

Mouk, the only thing you dominate is your left palm.The hairy one.

Hi Ishy, Pook, jenThere is no Palestine just intruders from  Arab countries trying to overthrow Israel.No matter how long Arabs lie about that it won't change history or the truth.

I think your boss man gives you stuff on different topics

It doesn't sound like it to me by what you write and what you support.

Given the nature of the charters of both the PLO and Hamas, calling for the deaths of Jews would you honestly consider that they could ever live 'on a free and equal basis' with Arabs. They never have in the past - there was always the little question of being dhimmi and the payment of the jizya tax to be taken into consideration.There were always the expectations that if a Jew was accused of a crime he would be bound to be convicted.

The Palestinian people does not exist. The creation of a Palestinian state is only a means for continuing our struggle against the state of Israel for our Arab unity. In reality today there is no difference between Jordanians, Palestinians, Syrians and Lebanese. Only for political and tactical reasons do we speak today about the existence of a Palestinian people, since Arab national interests demand that we posit the existence of a distinct 'Palestinian people' to oppose Zionism for tactical reasons, Jordan, which is a sovereign state with defined borders, cannot raise claims to Haifa and Jaffa.

Israel did not go to war against a Palestinian state and occupy its land. Rather, Israel was attacked by six Arab countries at once.She defended herself, defeated her attackers, and won the so-called territories, not from the Palestinians, but from Jordan and Egypt.Jerusalem was never the capital of any state but Israel. It was certainly never the capital of a country that never existed.Why should the "Palestinians" get any part of it?Because they want it?Because they have terrorists?

WOW, all you damn fools need to get a real life, wannabes Maxwell Smart, Agent 86:O)

Since Hamas has no interest in peace, as opposed to victory through jihad, I would not call any Islamist Hamas supporters 'peace activists' .

A university newspaper ran a scathing cartoon depicting a woman standing in front of a bulldozer along with dictionary definitions of the word "stupidity" and one addition: "3. Sitting in front of a bulldozer to protect a gang of terrorists." Most Americans, if they thought about her at all, considered Corrie a naif who had chosen the wrong side and paid, tragically, with her life.

the zionist imbeciles do not understand their own Israeli Supreme Court when it ordered all the illegal zionist squatters in Palestine to be against israeli law . . . .Egypt has enough to deal with the #$%$ that's going on over there, by letting these palestian into Egypt will only bring more problemsThe samething goes for that IDF who got lost as they say, he got 2 years in jail.There are to many spies that enter or even try to enter Egypt, it about time that Egypt keep things under control .

PaliNazis are mentally deranged people.

Palestinians the B (@st) (ard) red headed step children of the Middle East. Heck, even their Egyptian counterparts can't stand them. The Arabs hate the PaliNazis just as much as they hate Israelis.

it is simple to tell the two "Natives" apart.  one is right and one is an ignorant muslim fool.

OMG, is it time for a Flotilla? Oh never mind this was Egypt and not Israel. Who cares then, right?

Mohammed Saleem Khan, chief executive of the Bradford Council for Mosques, said:‘Marriages between cousins is certainly common within south Asia, but it is becoming less so in Britain and also in Bradford. Islam allows you to marry anyone you want, so in many ways Islam promotes diversity.’... Taqqyia anyone ?

The two, among an estimated 50 Egyptian Christians who have been detained in Libya on suspicion of proselytizing, told of being rounded up in a market by gunmen who checked their right wrists for tattoos of crosses.

Isn't deporting Palestinian terrorists to Gaza the same thing as turning them loose?

James/Epik,I know you have an IQ problem due to your families inbreeding.  Try to understand this, I will make it very simple.  When you plaster your false, lying garbage on a public board visible to the worldwide web, that means it is in view.  It ain't stalking stupid, it is reading the board.  See?

Darryl,James/Epic has come up with a new way for them to get their butts kicked.  This should be good ;-)Last night the mohammedans have really showed their true colors ...They piled the most abusive insults upon Ishy , simply because they cannot stand the fact that a woman would dare speak her mind and show the ignorant mohammedan hizaz.

"Pal  •  2 mins 12 secs ago Report Abusephilistine say, I bet noone knew I was cloning Jamil Baroody. I fooled everybody. See how smart we philistines are?"--------- What ??????????????????????.........;-) ... the mohammedan really fooled me....;-)

"ISHY  •  12 secs ago Report AbuseEgypt helped Hamas by giving them a few well trained fighters."  fodder for IDF

Rick,Every day is a national gay day in Islam countries.  Islamic men practice it every day but try to call it something else.

I read Mark Twain's account of his travels in Palestine in 1867.He wrote "There is not a solitary village throughout its whole extent". When the Russian Jews arrived in the 1880s they bought land and cultivated it, they improved water supply and eradicated malaria, nearly killed themselves working.Everything improved dramatically. Arabs were attracted to the Jewish settlements by the enterprises and work opportunities."If the Palestinian kids were taught the history of the area at school instead of antisemitism and the joys of martyrdom it would be a step in the right direction.

CAIRO (AP) — Dozens of Coptic Christians were tortured inside a detention center run by a powerful militia in eastern Libya, two of the recently released detainees told The Associated Press on Friday amid a wave of assaults targeting Christians in Benghazi .--------- But mohammedans beg for mercy ---------------

Methinks one #$%$ little country is fomenting trouble between Hamas and Morsi. Hmm.. wonder who that could be?....

Muslim men have sex with other males so long as they are the penetrators and their partners are boys, or in some cases effeminate men.[28] Liwat is regarded as a temptation,[29] and anal intercourse is not seen as repulsively unnatural so much as dangerously attractive.Social sexual deviancy.

Wendy, Ignore James, he wear "pink" if you get my drift.

The Palestinians said they rather go to prison in Egypt than dig tunnels in GazaF%$%$6 Rachel corries muj loving corpse!

Rick the prick, what you need to remember is that you are my bottom beatch.And that Israel is here in eternity , beating the yolk out of the mohammedans and bigots like you.Cheers !

Israel is a fundamentally important part of the Western world. It is a democracy under fire, and we must be resolute in defense of its legitimacy.

Rachel Corrie, a "mere woman," is mentioned over and over by the Palestinians and their apologtsts simply because she is a known phenomenon and was on their side.Otherwise, as a dhimmis and a woman and a non-Arab, she would be considered dirt.

I have always said the other arabs consider the palesimians to be gutter vermin and don't want them in their country. The palesimians are only tolerated as long as they harass Israel.I am proved right once again.That is why I am a TOP CONTRIBUTOR.

Rick the prick , tell us about how Kissinger saved Nasser's bacon in 1973 ........ three years after his death.Aren't you ashamed of yourself?

I'm proud to be Egyptian today.We now see what Israel has to endure day in day out.

I don't know about Haredi women, I'm not one.

Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood got called out for demonizing Jews.  So, now, to keep the movement going, they demonize women.

That's a bunch of Junk. What they just told us is that they sent a squad of terrorists to harass Israel. I am ashamed of the united states for having anything to do with Egypt, because of the muslim brotherhood, and I am shocked that we are supporting terrorists in Syria just because we want to over throw whoever he is We are not supposed t support one murderer over another. We aren't supposed to support murderers at all..The reporter should have asked the Palestinians, " How do you feel about Assad using his Hezbollah Militia to attack Palestinian refugee camps within Syria?" There are Palestinians within Hezbollah's ranks. You can't get any sicker than this!!!!!

good egypt miltary,not( muslim brother hood)to their effor to flush the terrorist in sinai peninsula

The extreme racist hatred of Hamas which seeks to achieve its aim of all the land form the river to the sea by firing thousands of rockets at Israel along with other attacks simple and the fact that there was no fence until the Israel had enough of attempts to slaughter its people, never happened in your world did it?Oddly the Palestinians gain nothing form the Leftist blind support and adoration , concern of course be optional , as compromise is the only why peace will be achieved.

What about supporting the "poor Palestinians" Egypt? Aren't these your brothers and sisters? Keep your trash, Israel doesn't want nor need them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

All of those rich Arabs don't want to support them either!

islamists like to use death, in every form, to advance their "cause".

Hamas is a terrorist organization and I'm glad other muslim countries acknowledge that fact as well.....

Good, they have links to Hamas!

You don't have to type anything eles now Pal. You can go

Historically American popular support for Zionism pre-dates both Israel and indeed any organized Jewish presence in the U.S. - partly because of Christian Zionism, and partly because they felt a symbolic similarity vis a vis the pilgrim fathers.As early as 1818, President John Adams wrote "I really wish the Jews again in Judea an independent nation"GO TO SLEEP PAL!!!! You said you were going so GO! I will have the last post here dam it!!!

I am the first to tell my representatives that no money should be going to any other nation until we pay off our debts in the USA. I also reprimand them when they come back from Israel spewing zionist propaganda as if they were reprogrammed with an intel chip to lie that Palestinians do not exist.

Most of the Noble peace winners went to Goyim schools and most of them do not serve in the Israeli government where the world recognizes a lack of brain power.

Look where it got Hitler.  Islam will end up in the same place.

Nothing Israel does compares with the atrocities performed by Muslims? Not even close. Muslims, tortured and beheaded Daniel Pearl in Pakistan,Muslims tortured and murdered Marine Lt. Col. William Higgins in Lebanon,Muslims ran blood-spattered Al Qaeda torture rooms our troops found in Iraq,Muslims cut off the heads of schoolgirls in Indonesia, because the girls were Christian. Muslims stone teenage rape victims to death for adultery.These are just few of daily examples of Muslim world wide brutality.

Arabs....admit it.  It has to be a little embarrassing that muslims have about 100x the number of people that the jews have....And all the money in the world from the oil price extortion that goes on at $100/barrel oil....and have virtually no Nobel prizes to show for it, vs jews, who have won about 1/3 of all Nobel prizes.  Come on...it must be a little embarrassing?

The Gaza tunnels are used mainly for the smuggling of weapons into the Gaza Strip.

mohammedans are imbecilic followers of a mad man of the desert, an illiterate feuk like Rick the prick , a pedophile who raped a nine year old child and played with her doll to calm her down. That is a mohammedan .

I guess Everyman wants to impress everyone.I will be waiting with Unc Sam at the Pookie's Donuts and watch the circus.

"LuKe  •  10 mins ago Report Abusepoooky, why do you care about mozlimaz women, unless you're a woman yourselfi know women stick together worldwide"-------------- Just being a decent human being. You would not understand..."Rick  •  1 min 18 secs ago Report Abuse----Rogerju, when all forms of "aid" (welfare) to Israel are added up it amounts to a mere $16 billion per year."The above is a LIE. The maggot will not be able to prove that it is not a LIE.

YW, Pal the Palestinian keeps babbling about being a Philistine. What's up witdat?The Philistines were not even Semitic and disappeared 2800 years ago.

Rick the prick, you need to respect the hierarchy.You are the bottom beatch.You might be hateful but you are still the bottom beatch. And there I will keep yo-az.

If some bonehead is gonna pay another bonehead to sit on his assallday and copy &amp; paste propaganda and #$%$tttttttt/tt, he might as well be burning his money.

It looks likes the monkeys are at a again with their organized hate-group........Samantha  •  2 hrs 54 mins ago Report AbuseI'm sorry I meant to give you a green thumb.Did you contact RC? :)epik phactor  •  2 hrs 52 mins ago Report AbuseActually I did email him today about some new things I have been tryingSamantha  •  2 hrs 51 mins ago Report AbuseCool! We need to come together.epik phactor  •  2 hrs 45 mins ago Report AbuseYeah just make sure no infiltrators get in if we do organize.I have figured out a few tricks to giving the paid trolls a good challenge on the information exposed in these comments.

after sex with brother, no first cousin even come close.

Yes, but eventually the Muslim brotherhood in Egypt will tear up its treaty with Israel...

Deportation my foot. The 7 Foreign Fukestinian terrorists were just too important to travel on their own followed from above by Zionist drones. They received a free ride with Egyptian security escort from Cairo to Gaza.

RickJihadi, you probably think that the Middle East belongs to Islamel, or something really sick, like that. You can't get any sicker than that.

nobody could swallow like rachel bukkake corrie!Stay cl/assy @ noman.

Carrie ................... got syrup ?

Why would Egypt deport its own people to Israel. Yasser Arifat was born in Egypt. All the PaleTERRORISTinians come from Egypt or Jordan. But Islam can not have Jews in it's mitzed

The bigots hates.Then, he is asking the victim of his hate :  "Why do I and the other bigots hate you?"If you do not know why you hate, you are less than a baboon.

Deport em all and do not feed or give them money. Let us see if the Palestinians have any self motivation at all. I think we all know how lazy they are.

When the palestinians teach tolerance to their people they will be more tolerated by the world. Until then the palestinian agenda of violence is their self inflicted oppression......

Rachel basically took her own life!

Despite the formal disapproval of religious authority, the segregation of women in Muslim societies and the strong emphasis on male virility leads adolescent males and unmarried young men to seek sexual outlets with boys younger than themselves—in one study in Morocco, with boys in the age-range 7 to 13.

I have commented on several sites about the history of this area and then I get these very stupid remarks from the repubs telling me that I don't know anything however UNLIKE these idiots I love history, have read and studied history in school and on my own about us the USA and the world in general instead of watching the LIARS on fox news or waste my time on stupid shows like dancing with the stars----------------------over a hundred years ago in treadies and agreements a huge area of land was set aside for the state of Israel including the land of present day jordan[ the present king's grandfater whinned that he didn't get a kingdom unlike his older brother so that was taken away to give to him] and gaza,  then people who had lived on this barren and unproductive land willingly sold their land and moved BUT one little problem cropped up, they were known to be worthless, lazy, unproductive as a whole and not one arab country would take them in and then they saw what wonders the jews were doing to make the land productive and of course they wanted back what they had already sold----and in the meantime nothing has changed with these worthless, lazy, unproductive people, they have done nothing to improve the land, they have learned no lessons, all they know to do is wage war, destroy, smuggling and cause as much trouble as possible while being used as a wedge by the other arab counties who would also like to see Israel gone for their own reasons one being that Israel is our only friend in that area and then there are many fools in this country , mostly repub/teabaggers, who want us to turn our back on Israel so more can be given to their very very wealthy backers............................TRY READING SOME HISTORY AND YOU JUST MIGHT LEARN SOMETHING...................................................................................................

ive reported ishy /the fakeThe issue with the tunnels is the avoidance of taxes and Egypt getting its cut.  In the end it is money.

Mohammed Shafiq, chief executive of the Ramadhan Foundation, which promotes the image of Muslims in Britain, said: ‘I know many Muslims who have married their cousins and none of them have had a problem with their children.So they keep on keeping on.....

All those people...all that money....and nothing to show for it.  Amazing.

islamists believe there will be an "all muslim paradise" here on earth. Isn't that grazy??

Is that a threat against my life Pal? Can't get enough death, can you?

Nzis and islam hate Jews.They are birds of a feather.That the rest of the world hates Jews is just a fairy tale for the baboon.

I think the fact that your comments speak for themselves, ignorance.  He probably gets tired of teaching you and your ilk history.  You aren't capable of acknowledging history, too often it shows your lies to be just that, LIES.

mohammedans don't get even if people laugh at them in their faces.

"Pal  •  13 mins ago Report AbuseI told you Pook I cloned you. Are you hard of hearing zionist troll?"Such is the pathetic life of a pathetic mohammedan.

Palestinians have been know to don explosive vests when they commit suicide and take out a handful of occupiers, but you do not see them burning themselves like israelis when the economy goes bad.The Canaanites were Semitic people who did exist four thousand years ago. That does not mean that Jews existed before them. Their own bible says that the Jews were outsiders. The Canaanites gave the Jews refuge and the Jews slayed them in return. European Jews have no ties to the Hebrew of old.

If Israel had deported 7 Palestinians to Gaza there'd be a call for a UN investigation!

These boards have become shameless with the personal attacks and sad attempts to guess others identies. Seriously has nothing to do with the article......!

The cretins have some sort of ... crew?I did not know it until this cretin here spilled the beans.Do you pick each others' noses when you have your plenums ?

So were the Palestinians found to be innocent? I dont get it.

Israel does not and will not allow any mohammedans into Israel.No more invasions.Finito.

There is no Palestine just intruders from Arab countries trying to overthrow Israel.No matter how long Arabs lie about that it won't change history or the truth.

Many greeted Corrie's death with a distinct lack of sympathy. Americans' preoccupation with the impending war in Iraq combined with the perception that Corrie was in league with Palestinian militants dampened any sense of outrage. She was ridiculed as "roadkill" on one website and excoriated on others for burning a makeshift American flag before Gaza schoolchildren, a photo of which prompted anti-war protesters and other likely allies to distance themselves from her.

Glad to see that someone deports illegals [ for whatever reason ], and will not condone their existence to make mayhem or be illegally draining ones economy.

If it makes you feel any better James/Epic, I do not read most of your post, I usually just thumb them down because you never fail to spout garbage and lies. Boring.The palestinians have managed to cause conflict with those living next to them without a doubt. It's openly displayed for all to see.

Zionsits need to lie as well as impersonate another when the truth exposes their lies.

Hamas vs Morsi?  Can't wait! In this corner...

---Rabbi Ovadia Yosef: Gentiles exist only to serve Jews. October 2010.----whine about that ZIOtard...!

CC, man created the notion of God for his own purposes.The nature of the god one worships reflects the cultural , ethical and moral makeup of the worshiper. And as far as mohammed being a pedophile, it is a fact stated in the Koran.You pork a nine years old , you are a pedophile.

If these "commentors" are all you have islam, I feel sorry for you :( They are so weak! A bunch of drunken, strongly deluded baffoons.

Hmm... The Egyptians have had enough.

ISHYju, enlighten me.  How did Corrie EVER advocate genocide?  got a quote by her?  Or are you just using one of the many jew tools?  Like lying, for instance?  Details please.

So it's not just the Jews that these radical "Palestinians" want to kill. They even kill their own Muslim neighbors. Let's face it... They are just murderous #$%$ and need to be dealt with.

The Turks have the privilege - and I rather be called an imbecile than a zionist any day.why would egypt deport these criminals to gaza- so they can attack Israel that is why. Arabs they never give up trying to be idiots and succeding

I much prefer it when Muslims are KILLING other Muslims. Deporting one another is just like moving dirt from one side of the room to the other. Its not a real cleansing. We need less Muslims - we don't need to aimlessly shuffle the bytches from one place to the next. That does not solve the problem.

Egypt should have executed them and Mummified them. The Chinese could then use them in a new exhibit they could export to American cities.

@MadisonGoogle whatever the hell you want. It is not going to help. The Pale murderers with their Islmo/Fascists brothers are not going to prevail.Go strap a suicide bomb and kill some innocent children.

CC, who is hating on you?  I wasn't, I just pointed out how Everyman had gone too far last night and that you should review his post to Guardian of Israel last night and some of his other post.I feel filth whether directed at other poster and especially God, plus filth being posted period no matter who does it should be deleted.  If I want to point blame I will point blame at Yahoo and the ones making the post.

I see the new Egyptian President is earning his American paycheck.

mohammedans are not training to fight and see another day.They are trained to die.And die they do when they face the Zionists. IDF rules !

Hamas should issue its own passports and imprint "Hamastan" on their green covers.  Maybe the Syrians would be willing to stamp THOSE passports.  And then Gazans could travel the world freely without arousing suspicion.  But Egypt would have to first let them out of Gaza.

---SALAM,---The world is in the condition it finds itself today due to the seizure of Palestine by International Jewry and its demented plans for the rest of the Arab world and beyond..."----whine a bit about that, ZIOtard...!

Most Christians have already been expelled from the Arab countries,Turkey and Iran by sheer hatred and intolerance.It's difficult to imagine what would happen to Israel if they accepted the terms of Hamas or Hezbollah, but their fate wouldn't be different from that of the Christians, I guess.Rick the prick, get a life maggot!You are too dumb for words.Jews live all over the world.Bigotry cannot excuse the bigot.

---Rabbi Dov Lior: Gentile sperm leads to barbaric offspring. January 12, 2011...-----whine about that ZIOtard...!

Why is it that israel is ignored and kept out of NATO.

Israel used white phosphorus on civilians. White phosphorus burns limbs to nothing. It is against the Geneva convention.

Monotheism existed before Mohammed wrote the Quran.

So let's recap :The nose picking native alibaba says ........-- Israel never existed before '48-- Palestinians are not Arabs.......... there you have it.

Have we stopped "lets hate CC" now? Here is your chance..... go ahead... put all blame on me and everything bad happening :)... this is your chance....

James,It is not us that is still trying to round up the moors while sitting atop your trusty donkey. ;-)

CC , I will never waiver from defending the truth. The empirically verifiable truth.That will make me some friends, for which I am grateful, and many more enemies .Such as life.

first my uncle yousef raped me...then his brother Abdul-Basir, and hisbrother, Dawud, then my father, who thengave me to the iman...all before I was seven.I am tired of the little tiny weanies on the muslim men that have raped me.  tiny...every one of them.

Egypt did it the right way, as soon as they came in they turned them around and sent them packing. They didn't do that in America, they let them stack up for over 50 years and drain this country for it's money and resources. Now when they know they have too many and they're sucking this country dry, they want to send them back but they know it's too costly so they hope to make them citizens and hope they'll pay taxes. LOL.

Epik/James,I am still waiting for a plain and simple truth from you.  I think the only truth you ever told was you are a muslim from Morocco.  Then after telling that one truth you have since claimed to be a Christian.  You are full of bunkum.

Want to really learn about how civilized the arabs world is? Just read the mid-east headlines

from the land i rose....

Read the article how mouse-lems in libya torture Christians

Sammy, in the USA the mexicans like Norma are considered about as worthy as slugs to be in the USA.  They come here illegally and have as many babies as they can, they are called "anchor babies" and Norma is probably one.  She lives in a place that IF the local rednecks found out she was attacking Americans, they would burn her house down with her in it.

Peace Activist is a nice label. It implies so many positive things. But frequently as with all liberals, they behave more as fascists then anything else.The underlying philosophy for all these people, is that they believe in certain way of life, certain ideals and want to force these on the rest of the world whether we want to or not.No different then the #$%$.

The bigot keeps bringing up the "chosen" thingy although it sounds like he has no idea about the context in which it is used in the Old Testament.It is NOT meant to mean "chosen or better" than others. Read some history, clowns !

I think Israel needs to stop killing women and children until then they should be treated as any other terrorist group. Even worse since they receive so much Aid and handouts from the U.S..I saw you copying DR's post and rewording them today James.  This must be part of your plan for your impotent organization.  Leave it to you to come up with a goofy plan.  Have fun JamestheShame.

"Mohammed Shafiq, chief executive of the Ramadhan Foundation, which promotes the image of Muslims in Britain, said:  I find Steve Jones’s comments unworthy of a professor. Using language like “inbreeding” to describe cousins marrying is completely inappropriate and further demonises Muslims.’

Perhaps Palestinians and Hamas should work om making a better life for their families instead of their fighting and hate for the Hebrews. Look what Israel did with a useless piece of desert.

The Israelis would gladly give Gaza to Egypt. But nobody wants it.

CC, just go giggle with Everyman and drop it.  LOL .....Do what you do Best.......LOL   Tell us how Everyman is a good guy.......LOL ...... You are just speaking out........LOL.......Time for your bubble bath......LOL........You are making the world safe at work.....LOL.....Need to do a better job there by the way......LOL.    Good day CC.........LOL...............LOL.......LOL

Rick the prick , pay attention:"Despite great personal risk, the Danish resistance movement with the assistance of many ordinary Danish citizens took part in a collective effort to evacuate about 8,000 Jews of Denmark by sea to nearby neutral Sweden during WW2"

Another imbecilic question from an imbecile:"Everyman  •  1 min 58 secs ago Report AbuseI judaism is so great, why has every single host nation tried to kill all Jews or throw them out?

Islamel extradition law offers help to Jihadish criminals

Pal the insane mohammedan is cloning everyone.He's got nothing to say.

---SALAM, and God bless PALESTINE...!James, you were dumb yesterday, you are dumb today and you will be dumb tomorrow.  I think someone put a voodoo curse on you in the Quarter.

And Native alibaba, be further informed that the Palestinians are Arabs.All of them.

If the so-called Palestinians ever control the West Bank, will it become another sheet-hole like Gaza ? ....... just curious

This is the thanks we get from Hamas.they have the blood of 16 of our Egyptian  soldiers on their hands.we know see what Israel has to endure day in day out.Don't blame us now for flooding their tunnels with human waste.this is the only language they understand.

"Show me just what Muhammad brought that was new, and there you will find things only evil and inhuman, such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he preached." Byzantine Emperor Manuel II Paleologus

"Did yo know that  homoerotic themes were present in poetry and other literature written by some Muslims from the medieval period onwards and which celebrated love between men ?True. But they will tell everyone that they are not gay.

CC, There is no comparing the two.  Mohammed WAS an evil pedophile.  Jesus was clean an pure.  That is no justification for his post but there IS justification for deleting such filth.

Here is a simple question for any of you stinking juzz:  What IDF soldier did Yitsak Rabin throw a rock at?  And was it an evil Palest that shot him dead?  Or was it a blessed stinking jew that shot Rabin dead?  And was it over war?  or was it over peace that Rabin was shot dead?  And incidentally, there is a growing movement within Israel to pardon Rabin's killer.

and Israel is still there. poor useless bigots.. enjoy your wasted rants.

No One Likes The Muslim, Even The Muslim Themselves Don't Like The Muslim!Native alibaba should be informed of the 4500 year old history of the Jews.But history books do not come in the coloring variety.Marathon runners do die of many causes all over the world. He did not know that either.But he looks genuine picking his nose.

The Palestinians already have three countries: Gaza (100% of the population), most of the West Bank (90% of the population), and Jordan (70% of the population). These places are hellholes where the entire economy is a welfare swindle based on American taxpayer support. Not bad for a group of inbred sociopaths who have no national history, no indigenous culture, and an apparent inability to do anything more than institutionalize violence and brutality and breed with their first cousins.

How would you Jew supremacist feel if Europe and America became Gentile Nations?Or for that matter every other nations since Jews want their own it would only be promoting what the Jews want right?

"Native  •  4 mins 2 secs ago Report AbusePalestinians do have the rights to their ancestral lands - European Jews have the right to return to Europe as well."--------- Yeah, the arab Palestinians can go back to Arabia where they came from . How's that?

WOW, this is like the teacher left the classroom of first graders.

well Ishy, you started this infantile argument with me and I replied.... and yes you decide for yourself as well as I decide for myself...

James,Is that what your PINK crystal ball tells you?  OK.

In the last 1,200 years years of Islam, just 100,000 books have been translated into Arabic, about what Spain does in a single year. Seven out of 10 Turks have never even read a book.

The risk of having an IQ lower than 70, the official demarcation for being classified as #$%$,” increases by an astonishing 400 percent among children of cousin marriages…

Israel's existence in not debatable.Israel exists like any other sovereign nation state and they will do so in eternity.FACTISHYju, what about Johnny Carson or Frank Sinatra or Elvis.  did they also advocate genocide too?  Would it be easier for you to tell me how did NOT advocate genocide?

Samantha  •  17 hrs ago Report AbuseOmg David! Josephina is a fine woman! Don't you dare hurt her feelings.Pal, I wanted to ask you dear, Did you or did you not clone CC?Pal  •  16 hrs ago Report AbuseNot I only cloned Pook because he cloned me first. I don't follow CC postings but if you want I can make it happen. Sorry I forgot I also did EQ the half inbred.

So glad I don't buy the B/S of Western liberal/left media that portrays Israel as the bad guys in all this.

You know the logic you Jew supremacist use against Corrie, or the U.S.S. liberty or Pollard or the other numerous betrayals of America by Israel to try and justify them.That same logic can be used in reverse as to the Holocaust.Lets make a comedy skit out of the Holocaust(real funny huh?)It was the Jews fault the Germans thought they where Russians they didn't have a uniform on.Jews shouldn't have been in Germany that was the Germans nation so it was there own fault.These are just as dumb as every thing you people say to justify your nations atrocities against America and Palestinians.

Corrie supported Hamas and genocide.  Enough said.

It is easy to blame Israel for all the evils in the Arab world and some are even ready to sacrifice the future of Israel if a new understanding with the Muslim world were to be achieved in return.However, to weaken Israel is a serious mistake since it is our first line of defense in the region;if Israel fell into the hands of its enemies, the West as we know it would cease to exist.

The Hajj Amin el-Husseini, the intractable opponent of Zionism admitted under questioning that no Arab land was stolen; no Arabs were wiped out, no villages destroyed.Rather, the Jews bought hundreds of thousands of dunam (about ¼ of an acre) of land from willing sellers, often from absentee Arab landowners.Moreover, thanks in part to the Zionists and the British, the quality of life for Palestine’s Arab peasantry was vastly improved, with less taxation, more schools, and an increase in Arab population.

Hamas is seeking to be taken off the Terror List...any bets the EU concedes...with a smile?

Christy pal is not luke

Since the last debacle in international waters by the special commando schmucks, the idf is a point of laughter.When are zionists going to tell the truth that the 10 commandments were written in Mesopotamia hundreds of years before Moses was born?

When the last non-Muslims have been killed by Islam, Muslims will kill each other. Religion of Peace.

Realitysux is a fraud.For the longest time he was sporting his fake avatar with a bold STOCK PHOTO  all over it.I made so much fun of him that eventually he had it photoshopped out.Realitysux is a pedestrian bigot like all his buddies here.

Divinely inspired in Mecca? Maybe. But quran, hadiths &amp; emulations of their prophet that followed have cause nothing but grief for them since :-(

P1G Blesses truth tellers with thumbs up!

Why wont zionists responds and say that they hate Christians as well?  Mum is the word when the zionist can milk money from the Christians in America . .. .

James,There you go again lying about what I think.  You are a twister and spinner, you and FE took lessons from the same fool.

Everyman has no way of knowing how long we have been on the board unless he has been here to.  He thinks we do not know he has been here cloning.

I did not type this in a while but now it is time again:Native alibaba shows signs of resurgent syphilis. His stories are totally delusional.

According to Sennels, close to half of all Muslims in the world are inbred. In Pakistan, the numbers approach 70%. Even in England, more than half of Pakistani immigrants are married to their first cousins, and in Denmark the number of inbred Pakistani immigrants is around 40%.arabs are from the arabian peninsula.  They were/are the greatest imperialist force in history

100,000 dead syrian civilians at the hands of fellow arabsWhat a barbaric people

Even Eygpt doesn't want the Palestines. Who would want a bunch of murderous Palis?

From the earliest of times , the Roman Catholic church promoted hatred of the Jews because: 1. The Church broke from Judaism ....... 2. The emperor Constantine embraced the new revised religion and made it the official religion of the Empire giving its leaders the opportunity to extract revenge upon the unconverted Jews.

Report abuse on the clones.

Vatican 2 in the '60 has recognized the folly and "sin" that antisemitism promoted over the centuries was and did a mea culpa.But bigotry will live for a long time , as proven by the nzi maggots posting here.All one can do is fight them and slam them. And I will.

Lookit that, muslim terrorists detaining muslim terrorists. Isn't life wonderful!

CC, nobody can change these bigots' mind. They grew up with this garbage drilled into their thick skulls and that is it. Now they are pumping the same garbage into the noggins of their kids and so it goes.What I do is simply slam them when they lie about factual stuff.

Why is there no word in yahoo about the little Israeli baby that is dying in the hospital, after palestinians threw rocks on her family's car???

"The Muslim religion is so unreformed since it was created that nowhere in the Muslim world has there been any real advance in science, or art or literature, or technology in the last 500 years."Lord TebbitHa-Ha...even their Egyptian Arab cousins hate them... If Israel wants peaceforget about those Palestinain loser and negotiate directly with the Arab League...only the whole Arab League can sign a peace treaty...not Abba and his circus...

Guess who is back?

Egyptians in south clash over president's visit

The Egyptians know what Israel knows. Palestinians are vermin and their only contribution to the planet is suicide bombing. They are led by Hamas a terror group and aside from not recognizing Israels right to exist, they kill each other.

The funniest thing so far is that Samantha thinks you know too much. I will let you figure that out.

Last headlines ...... "The Crying Boudin Begger 50th Arrest"

Is he talking about a DD214?   I knew he was an Ahab. LOLLLLLLLLLLLLL

1 person uses the word Cretin incessantly...  Richard Messina of Boston...  Hmmm  nahh Richard is another one I got his freaking home address and even his family...  Ask him...  Messed his head all up..  He knew he was not a priority though...

The numbers are equally devastating in other important Muslim countries: 67% in Saudi Arabia, 64% in Jordan and Kuwait, 63% in Sudan, 60% in Iraq, and 54% in the United Arab Emirates and Qatar.

you jews dont understand. who better to lay with than your first cousin.  but laying with one owns brother is much better.This practice of inbreeding will never go away in the Muslim world since Muhammad is the ultimate example and authority on all matters, including marriage…

Hey Pal, do you like the Jewish American rocker named Pink ?

How cute, the mouk recognized his name.Pavlov was right.

The mouk will start an anti pedophilia club.The logo should be a mohammed in a turban with a slanted red line over him.

Ishy , we have some Sherlock Holmes dude among us ...He can handle the White Pages...Especially since DR just about published all about himself . They are "geniuses" ...

Hamas was funded by Mossad and would not be in existence if not for the abuse that the IDF has imposed, that can be documented by Israelis who have served and written about it.

Palestinians say they are tortured in Israel.

CC, I agree with you . But these bigots have nothing to fall back on.Their tools are: .... LIES........PREVARICATION..........more LIES ........... Thumbing ........insults.Sometimes one needs to just turn the tables on them.

Pook, this is a zoo period.... I like to have intelligent convos and lets be honest Pook... every side has it's baboons.... I'm just tired of this juvenile behavior with removing posts and multiple accounts.... we live in the west with freedom of speech..let's behave like that and not like barbarians.....

Epik, I know you are James.  After all these years, I would recognize your post anywhere.When juzz start killing each other, it gets no better.  Rabin would surely agree, being a stinking atheist jew like he was.  Shot dead by another jew.   LOL.  I saw it myself on CNN.  It was just great.  Rabin, shot dead by another stinking jew over peace.  Shot dead by another war loving quike.  Life doesn't get any better at all.

The following distrubs me because, Israel IS willing to work with the Arabs, Persians and anyone else for peace.  But, you can't expect Israel to do it all while the people that want to annilhalate them are not going to give Israel any honest cooperation. "The White House says Israel's security depends in part on its ability to court Arab public opinion, as the strongman leaders it long depended on give way to democratically elected governments that may be more hostile to the Jewish state."There is now a situation in which Israel can't count on just a few autocrats holding everything together in the neighborhood," President Barack Obama told an Israeli television station in an interview. "Israel has an interest in being able to speak to the Arab street."

Not all rosey with the Brotherhood?

David R is under the impression that NATO troops aren't glad to train with the Israeli's.  He is wrong, they are happy to learn what the Israeli's have to teach them.  It has saved many of their lives.  David R doesn't get it, he obviously has never been in combat against deranged Islamic terrorist.

No matter how many times the relations of all the diehards in the middle east are explained to me, I still don't really get the picture. Past, present, and future just whirr around and create mental smoke.

--------------------- ISRAEL LIVES ----------------------------------

Gazans made their bed with Hamas, now they enjoy the sewage that is muslim brotherhood.

Any time now, Pook will be heading for the barn to curl up in the fetal position, suck his thumb and cry himself to sleep thinking about yet another day of being slapped silly by people with FACTS.

So much attention paid to me .... I risk of getting a fat head like the cretin .... ;-)

But I read Iran Press TV saying Israel Deported 7 Palestinians who landed at Cairo.mohammedans are not to be feared , they are to be despised and dismissed.

In an article about "the Brotherhood" not being very brotherly, you can by the Jew-hating bigotry when mosque prayers let out :-O

Even the Bruthahood is tired of these Hamas thugs.That is something!

Poor everyjihadi, too ignorant to comprehend that he's proving the Zionists' point. Israel is a nation ruled by law, and not even leaders are exempt. It's one reason why Freedom House lists Israel as free.On the other hand, everyjihadi will find no Arab nations, no Muslims nations, listed free, because leaders do whatever they want without accountability.

In the 6th century, Christians were the majority in the mid-east &amp; N. Africa.  What happened to them?

They can hammer their weapons into plow's  and eather live or die,it's for their eys to see, their neighbers to each other,then they would have no time to make war while trying to feed their self 's

The number of children Israel has killed is in the hundreds.

Pook points out that the Muslims are bad people and they are making a mess of Europe...  I will take the liberty of reminding Poop that the Jews were run nearly to daeth out of Europe and have never been back = ISRAEL...  A nice target...

Achmed Everyman is an American my foot. By the writing style alone it is clear that he thinks in Arabic and translates everything for posting here.

"Pal-Inmemoriam Of Rachel ...  •  2 mins 15 secs ago Report AbuseFear not but fear itself. we pales have no fear"......or brains ....... or shame ..........or clue ............. or backboneThe Jews are welcome in the US, any time they please, citizen or not.  Ahabs have no say so in it and never will.

ISHYju, what about Obama.  does he too advocate genicide?  And Winston Churchill? another advocate of genocide too?

"Native  •  1 min 20 secs ago Report AbuseWith out Algebra, where would those Jews be? Arabs taught the Jews about monotheism."Yep the nose picking unplugged the orifice and his pea brain driveled out.

Why won't the arab native respond to the posts showing islam hates Christians?

Report: Syria regime expands use of cluster bombs

A Jihadi from anywhere in the world it not welcomed on stolen land. Jihadis what do you expect.

I Love The Palestinians ,They are God's PeopleThey are facing enemies from the Underworld ,The beaststhe Hades and Lucifer FollowersThe Vampires and werewolves .May God Almighty Protect The Palestinians From These Heathens and FakesThe ayrabs Monkeys are as Bad as The ZiosDogsSalute PalestiniaVIVA PALESTINIA

I always get confused who the terrorist are the Israeli Jewish Radicals or the Muslim extremist?

The land was called Palestine before the state of Israel was created, and Canaan way before they migrated there. So what came first: the chicken or the egg?The Israelis have taken about 95% of the land that was formerly Palestinian... and they wonder why they're hated.They use bull dozers to knock down Palestinian homes and clear out their 500 year old olive groves... then make up rationalizations, justifications and excuses.Next, they whine like victims after they've been acting like predators.That's how the majority of the world sees them. They've lost lots of support from Europeans. Now they're losing support from Americans.I have a Jewish friend who started railing about the Palestinians. I handed him a map showing how much land the Israelis have taken. He was stunned, saying "OMG."Now he understands.

Rick,,you  are   right,,,they  dont  trust each  other,,,but  they are  muslimsISHY, I am part of no crew, they are my friends.  Dean and I do not tell eachother what to do about anything.  I have not spoke with Dean in weeks.  I do not hate the same things as Dean...  I am strictly solo...  Ask anyone...  When was the last time you see me posting to him?  I have not seen Dean here in weeks....  You never leave...  This is your job, admit it...

Surprised the murderous free loading palestinians haven't claimed that Egypt is their homeland and start murdering Egyptians.  Oh yeah Gaza was part of Egypt that Egypt did not want back because of the skum palestinians that came with it

Sennels says that “the ability to enjoy and produce knowledge and abstract thinking is simply lower in the Islamic world.” He points out that the Arab world translates just 330 books every year, about 20% of what Greece alone does.

Bradford is very inbred': Muslim outrage as professor warns first-cousin marriages increase risk of birth defectsBy TOM KELLY - The MailUPDATED: 05:06 EST, 30 May 2011

RickSick,I see you were having a coversation with me while I was not here. You mohammies are known for that.  Ask James, he used to spam the boards all night long all by himself.  I suspect he gets high and gets on the boards. Is that your problem?

It's time for Israel to abide by the original U.N. mandate that created Israel. The State of Palestine should be allowed to exist unabated by Israel. It's their nation and they should be able to govern themselves as they see fit. Israel must also be required to reimburse those Palestine families that were displaced at today's price or with interest since these families have had to wait for over 60 years.

Syrians are intensifying the use of cluster bombs on their own citizens.

CC I feel for you having these guys cry to you and you have to coddle them like infants and explain things to them like preschool children.You would think you where all their mommies.

Pook is right, "North Atlantic".  Native, now that Pook has made the reason clear to you......Do you ever wonder why NATO troops are eager to train with the Israeli's?

When the mohammedan lies ......... I slam him with FACTLater , they claim that I lie , but they NEVER can show any proof.Pathetic mohammedans and nzis.Everyman has taught me something today.  Now I know how RC controls these people, he lies to them and fills their head with all kinds of falsehoods.  What a Jerk.

Now I am back to my laptop, so why did the jews kill Rachel? It was no accident.  There are several reasons they killed her. Any guess?

Luke, you deleted your vile &amp; filthy post in which you called POB something you should reserve for yourself.Shame on you .

Samatha, he scares you because you are an Ahab.  We are not.

Why should Egypt or any other arab state be expected to take refugees created by Israel?  Israel has the legal obligation to permit return of the locals to their homes and property.  That includes the legal obligation to give back the West bank and the golan heights.  What is it about international law that you stinking heebs fail to understand?  Is it all just to complicated for the jewish pinhead?  Is the stinking jewish brain jammed up with cravings for pork?

Pay attention.  Apparently RC has been feeding you people some lies.  RC displayed his DD214 on these boards back when Yahoo would let you put personal pictures on your profile.  Everyone at that time saw his DD214.  Also there was a poster on here that really did have the know how and sources to take that info and find out who RC really was.

The cretin is now just plagiarizing .That is very mohammedan of him.

Once again, what is a 411? And what crew was Norma thrown out of?  You babble.

The average Jew wants nothign to do with israel and hates their own religious pepperoni smelling orthodox.  Most Jews I knwo do not even know what the CUp of Elijah is...

Now this is a funny report! So-called "Palestine" - the nation the never was - is Egypt's Mexico. What Egypt's Morsi needs to do is build a big strong fence between Egypt and the Gaga Strip to keep the Hotmess infiltrators out. He should send someone to check out the U.S.' highly effective fence which keeps illegal aliens where they belong. Wait . . . , nevermind. Apparently our fence has open gates and all illegal aliens belong in and are welcomed by the U.S.  We must be special. Welfare entitlements anyone? Anyone at all!Can't see this brotherhood trying to get in good with Israel .

Ishy you gotta be freakin'' kiddin' me.... First time I met this man, I was scared myself even that he's a friend... He knows TOO much !!!!! Everyman can get to Pook within a couple of weeks...

Go to PressTV and read - Zionism Going Through Death Throes - by Gordon Duff fromVeterans Today.

Everyman  •  6 mins ago Report AbuseI guess, and I thought I was a loser..._________________________________________Yes you are, first true statement you have ever made.  Thumbs Up loser.

Everyman and Samantha are liars.  If N was part of RC's "crew", then RC would know where she is and would have told Everyman.  What stupid liars.

Why don't embrace this beautiful people?they just radiate peaceful goodness and everywhere they go flawers start blooming.

YES it is Sunday in Palestine and IDF IS OUT IN FULL FORCE

No threat. You #$%$ jews killed her and now you say she took her own life. God was really drunk when he picked his chosen pigs.

7 Palestinians get deported . . . .  Jews have been kicked out of how many nations and kingdoms?

Some cretins do not understand the essence of this country.It is called the Land of the Free , not the land of the scared cretins who fear Jews day and night.Is self importance a sign of cretinism ?The cretin with the swollen head here seems to make that point.

With out Algebra, where would those Jews be?   Arabs taught the Jews about monotheism. The god of Abraham is Allah. Mecca is the home of Abraham. European Jews hate Allah, the God of Abraham, and hate Mecca just as much.

It's bed time. Bye to all the Good people with good heart except the white trash Heathen, goyim, Gentiles, Cutheans, and niddah (mostly nasty jewish slang names for non-jews like you

ISHY has taught me something today too, a "snell" is apparently a mullosk that lives in her garden but my snell is a fishing knot.  Me thinkie ISHY is no spikker... maybe ISHY is a jew...  Maybe N is not ISHY...  Hmmm so many zioNAZIM..  Well ISHY if you are not "N" my apologies...  You're still low life sheet licking slimer...

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)The truth is Judaism teachings are the vilest of nature, it promotes evil and killing of Gentiles

arab countries are either in chaos or run by a dictator

Who moves pc these days. Im in bar and posting

Achmed Everyman claims to be a whitey from Boca Raton aka Mecca Rat

Samantha,First learn the difference between a 411 and a DD214 or the fact that purple hearts do not have ID numbers (at least they didn't during the Vietnam Wars) I doubt they do now.  Then I will tell you what a Ahab is.

God bless the Irish and the palesNative clone = Pook

American Irish with dual citizenship should be sent back to Ireland?

Official Israeli Rabbi Yosef and the Hebrew Bible/Old Testament agree: Gentiles/Goys exist to serve Jews and Israel.

Why must Christian NATO send troops to stop mouse-lems from killing fellow mouse-lems?

The palistones should go back to arabia

Jews hate Gentiles. John 8:4444 You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for he is a liar and the father of lies.

"For the past several weeks, Egyptian authorities have been destroying smuggling tunnels that crisscross the Egypt-Gaza border. ...Other tunnels are used to haul in weapons and sneak in militants."Brotherly love ?

May the lord Jesus Christ bless Rachel and her family. God bless you Rachel and please know Philistines will not forget you and in time we will make the murderous pay for their crime. RIP ♡♡♡♡♡

Everyman, you are a fool dealing with a fool (RC).  He is pulling your chains big time and probably laughing himself silly.  The Joke is on you loser.

Native alibaba and James the mouk are about evenly balanced as far as profound imbecility and cretinism is concerned.Obama will visit the grave of Theodor Herzl....too bad its not the opposite.

Cretin, once you find my .........uhhh ..... "411" wink,  you can get here and do some dusting in the study .

"Native  •  1 min 19 secs ago Report AbuseThe number of children Israel has killed is in the hundreds."Less than the Israeli kids killed by you mohammedans. Syria .... tens of thousands. How's that?

They should open the rachel corrie camel humping bulldozer museum in gaza......charge two chickens to get in.

Everyone has their ghetto rats....here in America its the blacks......in the arab world its the palestinians.

Everyman, I can assure you that RC is not my friend nor has he ever been.  He is the type you would run with, not me, ever.  N would never run with that fruitloop either.  You have been fed some lies.  You had better think about that.

Native alibaba, you cannot make laws as easily as you pick your nose.So , just stick with the silly jokes.

Samantha, a purple heart does not have an ID number.  You people really are Ahabs.  American's would know better than calling a DD214  411, and Purple hearts having ID's.

I am glad Jesus instilled a Bull whip of a mind in me to keep you Jew Pharisee Bolshevik supremacist inline!

The practice of marrying close relatives, which has been prohibited in the Judeo-Christian tradition since the days of Moses, was sanctioned by Muhammad and has been going on now for 50 generations (1,400 years) in the Muslim world.Pal, my husband is right here beside me watching a movie.  Where is your husband Pal?

When cousins have children, they are twice as likely to have a disabled child. The reports of common insanity among children, clinical depression and schizophrenia among all close inbreds spells disaster, as Muslim demographics across the West show that most of the European Union countries have no chance to preserve their own culture. Neither does Canada.

How about the dual citizens from Muslim countries?Should we send all of them back to the shwit hole they came from ?

The cretin is amusing.Nzis have the sense of humor of pet rocks.

Egyptians do not want the Hamas vermin either.Maybe they know something....

I did not know that Ishy belonged to some club....the crew, as the cretin puts it.

Pollard is no hero of mine.  Corrie was a traitorous commie idiot, plain and simple.  Karma came to visit her.

Rocky and Bullwinkle-----21Palestinians-----0

You see most people who know anything about ISrael know it was founded on False flag attacks along with the many False flag black opps they have committed since and are still committing to this day for their own agendas and ill gotten gains.

Professor Steve Jones, from University College London, said the common practice in Islamic communities for cousins to marry each other increased the risk of birth defects--- DailymailISHY is he getting a BJ tonight.

He is playing with his friends and I am boared to death. I am looking for boy toy like FWB. Any takers

ISHY how come your not with your husband tonight.

CC, you should have seen the vile filthy post Everyman, Samantha and Pal were spouting last night.  Some of Everyman's post to Friend of Israel should have been deleted.  I do not know if they were are not, if they are still there you should go read them.  His account should be pulled permenately.

I have great fondness for pink and plan to go to her upcoming concert in July

actually so many babes go to her concert, it is the best place to get hooked up.

Palestinians stayed and weathered centuries of occupiers. Palestinians are a mixture of all people who have resided in this area, from the Canaanites to the Romans, to the Greeks, to the Persians, to the Arabs, to the Turks, and there have always been an insignificant nunber of Jews as well. There never was an Israel until 64 years ago. Ever.

We should take yours to even the score

Pook,  I didn't know they had a crew.  RC claims they have some kind of organization, I didn't know that either.  He and his "organization" were going to hire an IT hacker.  It must have been a flop all the way around.

Report abuse on the clones.Ishy got finally to today's set of cretins.They got to the point where the personal insults are all they got.Very short ...

About all N and DR can do with 411 is call AT&amp;T you dolt.

So, either you are lying or RC has been lying to you.  N or DR do not give a rats behind about RC's DD214.  It would do them no good, why would it?  His identity was exposed (and not by them) long long ago.

Watch Lawrence of Arabia for a historical reference to the competition of Arabs who wanted to take over Palestine with the European Zionists and the English who lied to all.

Palestinian Jews carried a Palestinian passport before Isreal the moster was created by Dr. UN-Stein.

In 1948, Israel paid any Jew in the world a stipend of $35,000.00 to move to Israel. Many Russians got circumcised and got out of Russia quicker than the profitable Russian Rabbi could convert them.

In this context, the question arose whether to aid the government in apprehending Jihadish criminals, to hide them, or to turn them in. The problem is formally based on the fact that the criminal will be judged by the non-Jihadish court according to non-Jihadish law.

Pukeju, so why has every nation/peoples at one time, kicked out or killed all of you stinking juzz?  Why?

What is a 411?  Check out these numbers.....1 I do not fear your limp noddle or your Ahab friends 2 I am not Norma and if you have a brain in your head you better fear what will come of you threatening her or anyway else.  You are a first rate idiot.

Hadarine, 20, B; Schulchan Aruch, Choszen Hamiszpat 348A Jew may violate but not marry a non-Jewish girl.Libbre David 37A Jew should and must make a false oath when the Goyim asks if our books contain anything against them.Sanhedrin 59aTo communicate anything to a Goy about our religious relations would be equal to the killing of all Jews, for if the Goyim knew what we teach about them, they would kill us openly.The main reason they killed her is to scare all other Americans not to come to Gaza. This was the main point of taking her life.  They purposely did it to make sure no one else come to witness their crimes against the Pales.

I judaism is so great, why has every single host nation tried to kill all Jews or throw them out?

God bless Rachel and Jesus loves you ♡♡♡♡♡

Christy the lying ju. Are you in niddah tonight and have to wait 14 days for sex. Try the two cavities

Israel must have stole more money off the Pals to keep the keyborad worriers going.

Who wants the Hamas vermin's, use some bug spay on them, ouch.......!, we can breathtttttttt, #$%$.

Jeff you must have Hitlers book becuase you're following the exact lines he mentioned in his book. And is the biggest lie the Jews milked like my honey. You know what i am talking about.  you ju boy

Everyman,You want some real information.  I promise you this is 100% the truth.

Poor the jihadi He is completely eaten up with his own garbage .He will end up in a heap, like other IslamoNazis

Ishy, did you know that these cretins had a "crew" ?"BEIRUT (AP) — The Syrian regime is expanding its use of widely banned cluster bombs, an international human rights group said Saturday as the deadlocked conflict entered its third year."------------ Whine a bit about that, mohammedans !

Hey cretin, if you do toilet bowls I will introduce you to an old friend of the "crew" ... the grinning idiot.... you two can have a snack together on your lunch break.

The NUIS program document explains:After training, the student will begin his activities. The student will do the activities in the comfort of his home, where every week he will be obligated to about 5 hours of activities for a period of one calendar year (not academic year). Students will be paid a total of NIS 7,500 [$2,000] to perform the tasks of the project, at least 5 hours weekly for a total of 240 hours of activities under the project umbrella.

Dear Palastinians: You had your land stolen when You let a few zionist dogs into your land in 1948 and now they flourished like parasites. Im so sorry. MY heart is with you. Love you

Should we kick out all the homegrown imbeciles who are clueless but self aggrandizing here on Yahoo?

Piggy no like Jew supremacist who hacked his account for telling the truth about Israel and the subversion of America foreign and domestic politics for Jewish interests.

Pook is here alone for tonight's zionist circle-jerk.Looks like it will just be the jerk cloning everyone else.How sad it must be to be Pook.

"PLEASE TRY AGAIN LATER, this is a recorded message. Thank you for your cooperation"That was, pretty much, the message, the 7 terrorists heard @ Cairo Airport.

Palestinians have endured countless occupiers from Persians to Greeks, to Arabs to the Turks, even the Mongols and Romans, Israel is just 64 years old and it is questionable how long they will last. European immigrant soldiers are dying from running a marathon.

Nobody wants the dirtbag Palis.LOL!Hi CC, you cannot reason with baboons.You need to use a prong to get them in line.

I'm lighting a candle tonight for Rachel Corrie (April 10 1979 - March 16 2003), and I'll make some prayers for Peace... May her loving Soul Rest In Peace... Justice for Rachel...

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)But when people defend evil like FISHY and Pook then you have evil and sickoos. A bad combination. You will get Armageddon .

Carla, once again, you do not understand what you read.

“Lord, make me an instrument of your peace; where there is hatred, let me sow love; where there is injury, pardon; where there is doubt, faith; where there is despair, hope; where there is darkness, light; and where there is sadness, joy.”

Remember the uss liberty

Silvan Shalom (Israeli politician and member of the Knesset): "I can tell you that Morsi's actions against the Palestinians are much harsher than it was under Mubarak!"

"Native  •  3 mins 9 secs ago Report AbuseWhy is it that israel is ignored and kept out of NATO."The imbecile does not understand the meaning of North Atlantic Treaty Organization.

So I sit and argue with people of the same intelligenxe level as the 14th street Israelites and they still cant answer why they are any different than these bigots who make the same claim as the ZIOaskeNAZI suprmacist

So sick of inbred jew lies and excuses nothing but a failed cultureIDF smacks the mohammedans left and right as necessary.FACT

Palestinians do have the rights to their ancestral lands - European Jews have the right to return to Europe as well.

"I'm Muslim &amp; I hate jevvs &amp; christians"

Listen cretin, do you do dishes too?How about windows?

Jews worshiped one god for 4000 years.mohammed invented Islam 1700 years ago but the native alibaba will tell you that the Arabs taught the Jews monotheism .... Let's laugh!

Here it is plain and simple.......Do a web search--------- 14th street IsraelitesThen listen to their ignorance this is the same as any group of Israelites claiming to be Gods people or have entitlement over anyone else.PooK= 14th street Israelite!

Poor mr. boi, he will never be a man....

5 b-r-o-k-e-n cameras.

For my entire long life I have been subjected to Israeli lies, sucking up the resources of our nations poor, for them to stall and lie their way from one negotiation table to another over period of 60 years and have nothing come of it! Britain gave 57% of what was called Palestine to displaced European Jews. Why has Israel become our problem and our burden to the tune of $3 billion a year. American Jewish people comprise 2% of the American population, how have they commandeered our nation to support what they feel is their 'other' country at the expense of the needy in the USA? This is become a huge corrupt racket. If they want to support Israel, let them move there and support it with their own money and stop putting the burden on the American taxpayer. Why should we support a nation that send spies (Jonathan Pollard) , kills American college students (Rachel Corrie) and 34 US navy people wounding 172 others (USS Liberty). We must stop supporting this corrupt nation! Fie on Israel!

Arabs do not have rights Palestine, nor do non Hebrew non Semitic non tribal European Zionist Jews who are mostly from Russia.The European Jews have used the myths of the Hebrew to occupy Palestine, just like the #$%$ used the myth of the Aryan to conquer other lands. Most who are literate know that most of the bible are stories borrowed from Mesopotamia, the Canaanites, the Arabs and other greater civilizations,

They believe "one has to avoid getting buggered precisely in order not to acquire a taste for it and thus become addicted."[30]

The truth is unmasked and we Philistines now know how the plan to conceived to steal our land in 1897.  Zionism aims at establishing for the Jewish people a publicly and legally assured home in Palestine. For the attainment of this purpose, the Congress considers the following means serviceable:1. The promotion of the settlement of Jewish agriculturists, artisans, and tradesmen in Palestine.2. The federation of all Jews into local or general groups, according to the laws of the various countries.3. The strengthening of the Jewish feeling and consciousness.4. Preparatory steps for the attainment of those governmental grants which are necessary to the achievement of the Zionist purpose.

It is bad news when the Muslim Bruthahood who spawned these imbeciles are throwing them out of their country too.Hamas are used to bite the hand that feeds them.It is a mohammedan thingy, just ask the Europeans who took in millions of these baboons.

So Jews blood is better than Gentile blood and they can murder. Their fake god commands them to do so. I am sure God was drunk when he picked his chosen pigs

Rabbi Yitzhak Ginsburg declared, "We have to recognize that Jewish blood and the blood of a goy are not the same thing." (NY Times, June 6, 1989, p.5).Rabbi Yaacov Perrin says, "One million Arabs are not worth a Jewish fingernail." (NY Daily News, Feb. 28, 1994, p.6).

Stop funding Israeli terrorism with US tax dollars, you can not control the internet like your other other media outlets, the people are learning the facts about the terrorist Israeli state.

The cretin does not recognize his good buddy unless he is Realitysux....Me thinks not. He cannot be that thick, could he ?The "crew"........... I will call them the "crewlies"

ISHYju, did karma get your Rabin too?

Most American are older than the state of Israel. And Israel did pick Tel Aviv as their capital.Pukeju, you mean to imply that you actually love the "mahamadans" as you call them?  To you, they are actually good, but misguided humans?  Is that what you are saying?

So they killed her to prevent others from coming to Gaza to witness their crimes against the Pales and because she is a Gentile. God commands them to kill Gentiles if jews are challenged.  It is in the Torah and the talm&amp;d.

Israel has NEVER shown themselves to be a friend or ally of the American people.  They have shown themselves to be a tremendous liability to the American people.

Police clash with Sunni worshippers in Baghdad

Corrie took up the cause of the oppressed.  Jews have done the same many times.  Even for the Palests.  But hate and racism override jewish reason when it comes to arabs.

Another bit of 100% truthful information for you Everyman.  RC  KNOWS that I am not N.  Are you sure you really know RC Everyman.  I mean, have you ever met him outside the boards or phone?  Do you really know RC?

ISHY took Deans 411 and gave it to David Rosenthal when she was thrown out of hte crew...  She slandered a purple heart recipient.  Norma Espinoza is ISHY, Norma is a Mexican American, probably on food stamps, slanderign our ex service men, wounded warriors?  ISHY, Norma, you are a dirty Mexican fence jumper...  Go back to Mexico..

Israel was founded on terrrorism

"Billy  •  17 mins ago Report Abuse-jew trolls everywhere REMEMBER THE USS LIBERTY"----------- USS Liberty is settled , a sad case of mistaken id, Israel apologized and paid millions to the US and the families of the fallen sailors.USS Cole on the other hand ....

Jewish people excuse their inbreeding, Pedophilia and incessant practices by bringing up other cultures. This may shed light on other but it does not excuse the fact that it is not appropriate especially when you promote it with your T@LMUDIC religious beliefs.arab david r is doing what the arabs do best: insult.That's why they haven't contributed anything to civilization for 500 yeas.

When is the P.A. going to hold its next election?

arab election=bullet

Everyman,You have learned two thing tonight.  I am not N and RC has been lying to you.  Choose your friends more wisely.

"The greatest security for Israel is to create new Egypts."Ronald Reagan

Nazism, islam, and all the rest of the world ALL have one thing in common. They hate juzz. But on the other hand, who does like them?

Why does the world condemn the German people for the holocaust and cannot understand the holocaust against the people of Palestine whose land has been stolen from them by the Zionists?

the pals are native SEMITIC PPLE just like Jordanians Lebanese Egyptians however over 90 % of Jews are not Semites they are khazars from the kingdom of khazariaplz google - khazaria Europeans /non semitessemetes are a geograthical area like europe and africans not a religionhave u never wondered how blond haired blue eyed pple r living there when all the surrounding area have coloured pple remember its the middle east its the middle east for gods sakegolda meir was born in russia willam shaner paul newman scarlott johannson lmaoggogle nakba - serdot and ashkalon were palestinians villages in 1948.

When is the World going to STOP the theft of Palestinian lands and their massacre and degradation by the Isralis. Since when are you a terrorist when you fight to stop a group from stealing your land and oppressing you. Americans are ignorant as to the history of the occupation of the Palestinian lands. Read! And you will know that Palestinians, Jews and Christians all lived together in pease before the British after WW!! relocated the Jews ON Palestinian land. These Jews were from Europe and the US. During six day war, Palestinians fled in fear and Jews took over their homes and never left. Israel does not want Palestinian state, they continue against law to build settlments on what was to be Palestinian state. The whole World, except US (so influencedd by the extreme Jewish Lobby and carzy end of world Christian theologists) know what Israel is doing. Bibi Nantanyaho(sp) runs a cruel and extreme government. Not all Isralis are that extreme, and many are opposed to him. Unfortunately sometimes evil takes over.

Hostilities to mount within the brotherhoods of muslim hoods. You just gotta love it. If we could just get the Manchurian (muslim) President in Washington to stop funding this, then we may have all the answers for a true muslim uprising, against each other.Christy glad you mentioned burkah.

They have to get exit stamps from Israel, the warden of the Gaza ghetto. Egypt is sending back Palestinians back to the custody of the zionists.

Leave our soldiers the alone we do not want to fight your zionist jew wars because AIPAC controls our foreign policy SAY NO TO ISRAELI LOBBYISTS AND AIPAC

Norma Espinoza aka ISHY sold out her white friend Dean aka RC.  Norma was Deans peeon until she ran her mouth too much..  Got thrown out... then she rolled over to the Jews, she is a low life and needs something to cling too.  Norma is a racist Mexican that hates whites...

All these cretins are here for no other reason but to denigrate Jews and to give me the chance to amuse myself by slamming their snot in the dirt.They have no other motivation. They hate is total, their incompetence is too.

I already have ISHY's 411, Noram Espinoza is a common name but her association with the psycho David L gave her up...  I am close to Pook...  When I have them all it will be a good day.  Lets just say that the Muslims in their neighborhoods will get a great log of all the comments and their data...  Ask Sam, even she thinks I know too much...  HAHAHAHAHAHHA

Should we kick out the Mexican Americans who have dual citizenship?

Hmmm, the last time the terrorist affiliated ships were stuck in port, many of the terrorist affiliated activist never made it past the airport.  Yes, I admit it, I laughed.

Rogerju, using the tools of the jew once again.  Of $72 billion in "foreign aid" that you cite, how much went to Pakistan to help us fight in Afghan?  How much went to Afghan?  And the real figure of US taxpayer welfare to your Israel is a minimum of $16 billion. Stupid, lying ju.  Lies, distortions, omissions of facts, all the tools of the stinking heebs.

Can one even say that he is a contributing editor for that "mondoweiss"?i miss hitler

Just like you all support your hero JOHNATHAN POLLARD AND NETANYAHU that committed treason or espionage against the U.S.See true patriots want them strung up in the street along with their supporters not worship them and make excuses for them every other breath.

If not for the US taxpayer welfare to Israel, it would be no different than any other arab state.

If Pook is a Human, how come it cannot justify any comments?... it just cuts and pastes........

OK

POOK, you defend people that call you a barbarian and a heretic, they would kill you in the end... why do you do such stupid things?

The Haredi burqa sect is a religious group, primarily concentrated in Israel, in which Orthodox Jewish (Haredi) women claim that modesty calls for a burqa-style covering of the entire body, a shal (plural shalim, english shawl), including a veil covering the face

Christ have you heard of the jewish burkah

Like sending back water to the sea.

An Arab country doesn't want the Palestinians?  That's not exactly a first.  And it won't be the last.10 against 1 and Rick is still holding his own... Pook you are a chior girl and a joke...

No we have shame we don't steal and lie about it

Since POOK is so facinated with Rachel Corrie and loves that she died, I want to crush POOK to death.   I want to hear its bones crunching under the weight of my boot heel.  POOK's scentence is death by crushing...

All these cretins are here for no other reason but to denigrate NON Jews and to give me the chance to amuse myself by slamming their snot in the dirt.They have no other motivation. They hate is total, their incompetence is too.

$16 billion each year of US taxpayer welfare to the biggest welfare queen in world history.

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)I am sure my hard-earned tax dollars paid for the killing of Rachel while our kids education gets shorten because of lack of money.

Agoogle, leave it to a stinking heeb like you to come up with something completely false and attempt to pass it off as fact.  You ever heard the term "shill", juboy?

what happened to the #$%$ head you promised

Can one even say "mondoweiss" and it get put on comments?

Pukeju, so tell me just one nation or peoples thr out history that actually like/liked you stinking juzz.  Is it that hard?  LOL.  I assure you that it is, juboy.Lemming, the Palests are who make up Hezbollah.  Is that something you just learned?  And I doubt very seriously if the Palests appreciate being attacked by Assad.  Was it your impression that they did?  I would assume that you are not well in touch with Mideast events.  You probably think that the West Bank belongs to Israel, or something really sick, like that.  You can't get any sicker than that.

$16 billion per year to Israel of US taxpayer welfare to the world's biggest welfare queen.  That amounts to about $30k per ju in Israel.  And that is when all forms of US taxpayer welfare to Israel is added up.  Everything from US Military Assistance, to assorted grants for water developement, road developement, port expansion programs, communication, aviation, aviation transport, electric grid/power, etc.  There are no ends to the handouts.  $16 billion total per year.

Rogerju, when all forms of "aid" (welfare) to Israel are added up it amounts to a mere $16 billion per year.  But please to explain how your beloved Israel has EVER shown themselves to be a friend or ally of the American people.

What about Adam Horowitz ?  Can you even mention his name?

Come to south east Texas Ishy then let me know I will take you on a tour of my pig farm.I will show you how to feed them just be careful when they are hungry not to fall down.

Jeff becuae the #$%$ Jews own the media. Funny you just noticed this little fact

Pook, ask Sam, she is here.  I know too much...  POOK, dont let your 411 out man...

I believe these cretins would love to have two sets of rules: one for Jews and one for everyone else.A sure sign of a serious complex of inferiority in the cretin.

Why do the zioNAZIM only speak and are spoken to by their own?  No one else likes them...

The Haredi burqa sect is a religious group, primarily concentrated in Israel, in which Orthodox Jewish (Haredi) women claim that modesty calls for a burqa-style covering of the entire body, a shal (plural shalim, english shawl), including a veil covering the faceJew Bolshevik Marxist where always a plague you are nothing but indoctrinated communist ZioAskeNAZI a disease since birth and taught that your feeding off of others is the only way of life.

Pook, when you think you know how goofy they are, they just get goofier.  Unbelievable.

There is only one nation in the Mideast that has a national gay person day. Israel.

SO, it is not just me that hates israel?  Huh...

POOK the athiest defends israel the religious racists bigot state... Now that is a mixed up ape...

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)The Scriptures are very clear concerning a diabolical conspiracy by Jews to destroy the way of peace and enslave mankind. “And the Lord said unto me, A conspiracy is found among the men of Judah, and Among the Inhabitants of Jerusalem.” (Jeremiah 11:9)

We should deport all pales from everywhere and send them to the WB

Don't get your hopes up too high.Just a token:Ali Baba would do anything to hold on to those sweet billions coming from the US treasury.

As usual americans are blind to what isreal is .they seize peoples land ,jail them without any charges for up to 7 years and cry that everybody is anti semitic while they run people out of there homes that have been in there families for many years so they could build settelments to put any body who is willing to move to isreal and convert to judaism from any of the eastern block countries.but this will all change in the near future when when immigrants become the majority in usa and isreal will lose its power base.

LOL I never copy anyone except interesting articles it is you who will often use the same exact things I say when your Feta infection is bothering you.ISHYju, Pukeju, or any of you stinking juz tell me who, exactly, actually likes you "people" or whatever you stinking juzz are?  name one nation or people for me.  Even thru out history, name one.

Unc Samju, all that says is that the Euros give lots to the Palests.  But the US taxpayers give $16 billion per year to the stinking jews.  FACT.

Jamil that must explain their problems.

arabs can never love their neighbor. They're too busy killing them aka syria"

to arab native As a Christian, I'd rather be an Israeli than a deceiving mouse-lem

The garment, which looks more like a niqab than a burqa, is also called frumka, a play of the word frum (Yiddish for devout) and burqa.

mouse-lems killing mouse-lems is nothing new.  ali was brutally murdered by sunnis

arab native, your answers are old &amp; stale.  Doesn't your boss in gaza sent new material?

clone native is reciting from the koran.  Read what the Christian &amp; Jewish God says about ishmael "He will be like a wild #$%$"

If I came to your house with Bible in hand and told you that according to my bible 3000 years ago my ancestors lived on the land where your house now currently resides and I told you I wanted my land back . Would you go? this is the root cause of the Israeli Palestinian conflict . If you would not go consider youreself a Palestinian.One day, one of the many stinking comment jews will state to me clearly, and in words, exactly what the American people owe to their Israel.

Why did all of Europe let teh Jews be killed?

Samantha,I am more than happy for Everyman to have any nonexistent (no such thing) 411's he wants.

Zionist Criminals in the News . . .Moshe Ya’alon, an ex-Israeli Chief of Staff and now Member of the Knesset, has been appointed Israel’s Minister of Defence in Netanyahu’s latest government coalition. Ya’alon replaces Ehud Barak. Ya’alon was Chief of Staff of the IDF in July 2002 when Palestinian activist Salah Shehade was murdered in the Gaza Strip by a one tonne bomb dropped by an Israeli Air Force F-15 jet. Fourteen Palestinian civilians were also killed in the attack.In 2005 a group of relatives of victims of the 1996 Israeli shelling of the Lebanese town of Qana, where some 106 civilians died, filed a suit demanding a jury trial against Ya’alon in Washington DC. Predictably, the case went no further. A year later in 2006 Ya’alon was visiting New Zealand on a fund-raising trip when an Auckland court issued a warrant for his arrest on charges relating to the Gaza Strip deaths. The warrant was over-ruled by New Zealand’s Attorney-General and Ya’alon was able to return to Israel. Then in October 2009 Ya’alon was forced to cancel a trip to the UK for fear of being arrested on war crime charges, again relating to the 2002 killings in the Gaza.This man, who is pro-settlement, stridently anti-Iran, and fervently against the existence of any kind of Palestinian state, will be Israel’s next Defence Minister. This war criminal will probably be shaking President Obama’s hand when the President visits Israel next week.- - - -

Thumb away, ziotrolls, you can't thumb-down Truth.FACT

RoiTov says,"Bibi should never have chosen a nickname that means (also) ‘my-sewage'"

Pavlov was right.

Pook • 2 secs agoReport AbuseOne day, everyday, I will slam the lying bigots here.Silly clowns .LOL, One day when pook grows up...

Pook, since you haven't replied to my comment, I'm going to go with - I Will Blow Anyone Who Agrees To Give A Thumbs Up To One Of My Impotent Posts - for Chapter 14 of your Unauthorized Biography.

Well, at least the cretin feels good about the little he knows .Corrie was certainly murdered by the stinking jews.  To claim it was accidental is silly.  But lies, distortions, omissions of facts, all are the tools of the stinking jews.

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)........Rachel knew that the soldiers clearly saw her there, standing vulnerable and unprotected.But the unthinkable occurred. The Israeli soldier driving the bulldozer, a stern and contemptuous smirk on his face, rammed the machine onward. He knocked Rachel down, ran the bulldozer entirely over her body and buried her with its tons of steel. After a few seconds, he put the machine in reverse without even bothering to lift the heavy blade, effectively running over her a second time.

Fear not but fear itself.  we pales have no fear

The Jews own the us.

What happens to the 2 billion $$$ given to arab countries?  ask arafat's wife

Jeff you Ju boy that's what Hitler said in his book and the #$%$ Jews copied it You #$%$

Omar Barghouti is calling off the Boycott Israel movement!

Hey Pook, do you think - I will Blow Anyone Who Agrees To Give A Thumbs Up To One Of My Impotent Posts - is too long a title for your Biography?It could be shortened to - Bo'i Are My Lips Sore - . . . . let me know.( I gave you a thumb-up once.....you owe me )

Whenever you have these issues you should ask: What would Osisris Do? If that doesn't provide a correct answer say: What would Isis do?  We need a female Egypt and once again to return to the  beginning.  Bring the feminine back to rule and dominate Egypt.  Then most of the cover up with Akenatom/Hut-Sut will be handled correctly and properly balanced.  This cannot really be corrected any other way. Women were meant to rule and dominate Egypt.  Etched in stone.  Go girls.  We are bringing feminine back.  Welcome your Brotherhood to the light.

Extra Cheese on your Taco Ishy?"The Jews and Christians say: 'We are the children of God and His loved ones.' Say: 'Why then does He punish you for your sins?" (Surah 5:18)

read what the koran says about Christians: "Believers, take neither Jews nor Christians for your friends." (Surah 5:51)

Deport all pales to Gaza and WB

RIP Rachel and may the Lord Bless your beautiful soul.  I am sure He loves you.  God bless

Christy glad you mentioned porn because then your talking about the blue jews.

Christy my "y: is not working well on my keyboard.

UncSam, another ju lie.  You "people" never tire of lying do ya?  and you all do it so well.  It comes so easy to you. Naturally.

Christians are sewage.

Sam i. Can use some 411

The US should indeed stop all the foreign aid immediately accept for whatever we spend to help African women deal with the AIDS epidemic there.That should definitely include the $3 billion we give to Israel and the $18 billion we give to an assortment of mohammedans. It will be good ....Got sewage courtesy of Egypt in the terrorist smuggling tunnels?

"Sharia will rule the world"

Have some respect for the dead. Plus i am on my way to blue martini

Bo'i Pooks lips must really be sore.Turn off the thumb machine and get some rest, Pook.

Which of the two did the will of his father? They said unto him, The first. Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That the tax collectors and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you.

My boss is Jesus Christ but I sin and always seeks His forgiveness.  I am human after all and a nutty one too.  So I do need lots of forgiveness.

Christ have you heard about the blue jews?

How I wish Palestinians could deport foreigners from their land. As it is, I don't think the Palestinians have ever been able to deport a single foreigner. No other nation in the the world has suffered like that.

God bless Rachel

FISHY moves pc. Who does that these days.  i haven't used my pc in 4 years. She is a lying prick and lives on our stolen land. All my posts for the last 4hrs are done form smartphone.Fish tacos with feta cheese a Ishy Delight

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)The only thieves in our midst are zionist jus who steal lie and kill. This is what the Torah and Talmu&amp;d commands them to do.

“Lord, make me an instrument of your peace; where there is hatred, let me sow love; where there is injury, pardon; where there is doubt, faith; where there is despair, hope; where there is darkness, light; and where there is sadness, joy.”

Christ so what you put on your jewish frumka and give me that bonehead so you can get blessed by my holy seamen

I'm looking for a good wife

Oink I smell heavy Sayanim Hasbara IDF internet task force ZioAsheNAZIs

Pukeju, so you failed to tell me who likes you "people" or whatever you stinking jews are.  Tell me who.  Stupid juboy.

ISHYjew, you used to say, "I spit on Islam".  You have said that many times.  Its what makes me realize that no one hates like a stinking jew.  No one.

Ishy do you really think I am James or you just paranoid about that guy?If I was James I would not offer to have you come to Texas and meet with me.My Pigs are hungry maybe you can help me feed them?I l

Maybe you guys can start a I was Penetrated hard by Epik Club to help with the long term healing process.Hand out some Pink panties and do Yiddish dances to distract from the painNope historical facts and the most predominat officials where all wrong about Red Jewish BOlsheviks slaughtering Christians in Russia.Because a JEw says so.................ZIONISM IS BOLSHEVISM

clone native is reciting from the koran. Read what the Christian &amp; Jewish God says in the Bible to Abraham "LIsten to the voice of Sarah (&amp; kick hagar &amp; ishmael out"

** Zionism Going Through Death Throes **Gordon Duff....at....PressTV

jew trolls everywhere REMEMBER THE USS LIBERTY

Got another failure of the Hamas holes ?

One day, one of the stinking juzz will tell me how their beloved Israel has EVER shown themselves to be a friend or ally of the American people.  I won't hold my breath on that one either.

Apparently Yahoo's zionist Comment Monitors don't believe in the 1st Amendment to the US Constitution, or FACTS about Zionist Criminals.Past time for Yahoo to purge all zionists from their employ.

General Patton American War hero said all the Jewish people stunk and where very nasty people that they would prefer to be unclean and defecate on the floor instead of in the proper locations.I guess Ishy is old fashioned.

Christy it is all true and you can Google all the stuff I posted here. I seek the truth and nothing but the truth.

War criminal, Moshe Ya’alon, an ex-Israeli Chief of Staff and now Member of the Knesset, has been appointed Israel’s Minister of Defence in Netanyahu’s latest government coalition. Ya’alon replaces Ehud Barak.This war criminal, who is pro-settlement, stridently anti-Iran, and fervently against the existence of any kind of Palestinian state, will be Israel’s next Defence Minister.(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)Pook the Nazi pig why did the IDF kill Rachel

The pales are he's to stay and the fatherland is waiting for us

And where are the Indian Ocean pirates from?  somalia    a muse-lem country in chaos

mouse-lems killing mouse-lems is not limited to the arab world.  Look at afghanestan, pakestan

mouse-lems killing mouse-lems is nothing new. Here in the US, moHAMmud ali was murdered by fellow black mouse-lems when he left the group

sunnis kill shiites while shiites blow up sunni mosques= arab brotherly love

Christy who is my boss man? I was hoping it is you my dear

Christy all you need to do is let your fingers do the walking and the truth will come shining bright. How do you think I found the information?

Christy: is it true what I hear that Haredi  women have 4 breasts.  This would explain why they have so many kids. They need all 4 breasts

Muslim Brother hood or Jewish Zionist and  supporters are all threats to global peace..THe best part about Rachel Corrie is she had more integrity, pride, humanity, Logic and wisdom than all of the ZIonist since its inception.That is why you all despise her she is more than any of you Jew supremacist could ever even hope to be.God Bless her Soul!

Nathan Abrams on Jews in the American porn industryNathan Abrams  |  Winter 2004  -  Number 196A story little told is that of Jews in Hollywood’s seedier cousin, the adult film industry. Perhaps we’d prefer to pretend that the ‘triple-exthnics’ didn’t exist, but there’s no getting away from the fact that secular Jews have played (and still continue to play) a disproportionate role throughout the adult film industry in America

Plus I hear they don't shave because it say so in the Torah. It must be very hairy down under you know

In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)RIP Rachel you have a beautiful soul unlike hate monger POOK and FISHY

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)The photos below clearly show that Rachel was well marked, had a megaphone which removes any doubt that the activists' presence was somehow invisible to the driver, and she clearly posed no threat to the bulldozer driver.

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)"Rachel Corey [sic], 23 years old from the state of Washington, was killed while she was trying to prevent Israeli army bulldozers from destroying a Palestinian home. Other foreigners who were with her said the driver of the bulldozer was aware that Rachel was there, and continued to destroy the house. Initially he dropped sand and other heavy debris on her, then the bulldozer pushed her to the ground where it proceeded to drive over her, fracturing both of her arms, legs and skull. She was transferred to hospital, where she later died. Another foreigner was also injured in the attack and has been hospitalized - at this stage his nationality is unknown." (15 March 2003)

Israel wants a country like Germany  ( ALL JEWS)

I think yu are mixing yur mom w pale

I bet Ishy Cries at night because he knows he is of a failed culture that never accomplished a thing with out handouts and protection from others.

Ishy you are so whacked out that Feta Cheese is not to eat your supposed to get it treated by a doctor.I love the Irish they are full of fun

God bless all pale and the Irish

Green beer is good for the soul.

Why where the first anti-Semitic Laws in the world put in place in Russia by the Bolshevik Jews?

Why did Winston Churchill write a Article covering  the TERRORIST JEW Bolsheviks

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)Thank you Egypt for our boys back home

RIP Rachel

Go Irish and the ira

God bless Luke

LOL Communism is Judaism at least you admit that Israels main religion is a traitor of U.S. principals.We can talk about your Hero Pollard Ishy, Then we can talk about Rachel Corrie and how she was slaughtered, then we can talk about how accidents happen like the U.S.S. liberty.See Pigs make mistakes too but we do not keep the dirty violent ones that are a danger to humans.It makes me wonder why we keep Israel around.

Pook keep pooking we are here. Go Irish

Respect the dead yu moron

Iran builds with sanctions  Israel steals and leaches off all its allies

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)FISHY the lying #$%$. The nonly good thing that comes out of her mouth is milky seamen and nothing else. She praises the killing of Rachel

Nelly and the St Lunatics are clearly the rightful governing authority of Palestine.  After being deposed from leadership Nelly raised a bold call to arms by stating "GOOD GRACIOUS BOOTY BODACIOUS......IM WAITIN 4 DA RIGHT TIME 2 SHOOT MY SKEET....nawww girl im just Kidding like Jason- UNLESS CHU GONNA DO IT".  Hamas has no authority and hence no ligitmacy, were as Nelly\s close freind Murphy Lee is the true leader, both spiritually and politically.  "I can tell she never seen Murphy Lee Be Fo, look at me like im shoot FREE THROWS...she said MURPHY LEE I LOVE CHU SPECIALLY IN DEM WHITE n BLUES..." to which Murhpy Lee stated  "BLUE N WHITE, SOUND NICE, MAKE IT TWICE".....they have more guts, heart, and brains in their PINKY then hama has in each and every one fo thier members

Seems like every conflict I hear about always has Israel interests involved from the Zionist agendas of the World Wars to ever one of their neighbors and pushing attacks on Iran.N. Korea might be the only one I know of that isnt involved.

Me God Say Me CHoosy one Me Live as Parasite off of all others I am Pook and Ishy.I will cry and attack you if you say otherwise.

"Today we will conquer the Saturday people; tomorrow the Sunday people"

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)Rachel Corrie RIP was an American peace activist murdered on 16 March 2003 by the Jewish army using a Caterpillar D9 tractor when she was discouraging them from destroying people's homes.Israel is the cancer of the world.. A cure will be found soon

native clone: what is your view of the koran's view of Christians as I posted?

"'How shall I bear a child,' she [Mary] answered, 'when I am a virgin...?' 'Such is the will of the Lord,' he replied. 'That is no difficult thing for Him...God forbid that He [God[ Himself should beget a son!...Those who say: 'The Lord of Mercy has begotten a son,' preach a monstrous falsehood..." (Surah 19:12-, 29-, 88)

"The God will say: 'Jesus, son of Mary, did you ever say to mankind 'Worship me and my mother as gods besides God?' 'Glory to You, 'he will answer, 'how could I ever say that to which I have no right?" (Surah 5:114-)

The article deals with Egyptians kicking out gazans.  Yet my clone keeps harping away at his propaganda.

God bless the Irish and IRA

God bless your family

You see just like the Christians who tried to flee the Red Jewish BOlsheviks in Russia and got slaughtered or the Ukrainians who where starved to death by the Red Jew commissars these Palestinians are just another part of their brutal systematic ideology of radical supremacy.

Jeff with your logic we will say that ISraelis jump in front of Rocks and Rockets.

Much respect to you Rachel Corrie..................You all will walk like Penguins for a few days once the soreness is gone you should be able to walk normal again

Well when your so full of feta cheese from infections Ishy they infect your brain and people can smell you from a mile away.General Patton spoke of what filthy people he observed I guess he was right about your culture.

There is no difference between Israelis or Zionist than the 14th street Israelis just a group of ignorant bigots abusing religion or some claim for ill gotten gains.Search-- 14th street IsrealisYou will see the exact same mentality you see whenever you deal with a Zionist.

Got Iranian interference ?

Got syrup?

Got double standards for Israel and Egypt?

Pook is also a advocate of Jewish Pedophilia he calls it family values

My question to the Jewish community is when are you going to stand against incessant abuses to children and pedophilia. Instead of advocating it and hiding it like a dirty little secret?

Just like the Beirut bombing being predicted to happen and even said mossad would do it then later found Israel knew of the incident before hand even admitted.Then the many incidents of Harassment by the IDF to U.S. troops even with their U.S. Supplied weapons and equipment.

Natalie You studying Jew history or does RABBI RED BOLSHEVIK NEED TO document the facts for you thet the Jewish Red Bolsheviks where a plague since before their revolution in Russia?Even on these news items that have nothing to do with Israel , and have everything to do with the complete failure that is hamas , haters will come &amp; dump their garbage on Israel.Epik failure =another personality of noone.Loser w/no life.J0000000Z were 7 % of the bolshys.You're owned @ suckah, 24/8 of your miserable nolife.

Even with Pollard they make excuses. With Rachel Corrie, with The U.S.S. Liberty, With the Lavon Affair, Killing innocent women and children, Peace activist on a flotilla,Selling out American national security to Russia and China many times,Committing acts of espionage and betrayal..The Jew can do no wrong

Its a damn shame you cant get a JEw BOlshevik to address the issues without bringing up Muslims or trying to make some lame excuse for there betrayal of America.All you will get is a head ache and them blaming someone else.The exact reason they where expelled from over 100 nations because they never learn right from wrong or how to be civil.

Pook and Ishy mentality = 14th street Israelite= Ignorance

pretty sad. the new corrupt egyptian government supported by israel/usa.

The u.s controls the brotherhood everyone know's that.That is why israeli don't care about them soon the u.s will control iranso the israeli can live happy ever after. That's the world we live in take care them but not your's

Watch: Israel pays Internet Workers to Manipulate Online Content.they are out in force before going to bed in Tel Aviv.   Even directing who to report abuse on.And as always trying to get their comments to the top as fast as possible.

The Jews lived in Palestine throughout its history for 40 years. As a Palestinian, I would tell you that we lived in Palestine before the Jews, while the Jews where in power (5000 years ago) and after they left.We kept that land to nourish and flourish. The Jews have really hard time to understand that the entire historic Palestine is a Holy land for all three religions. So, everyone must be welcomed in the Holy land. That is why we allowed them to be settlers in the early 1900s.Their think tank at the time, expected to be like the native-American and early settlers in the US. That is not the case.Unless Israelis god is on their side, which I have not heard his promise yet, the Israelis are doomed.   I guarantee you that the Arabs will take the Israeli women as slaved. That is a biblical punishment.

Do you guys know how we will take our land back???The Israelis will be hiding in shelters, and when they get out. They will say us in control. LOOOL.Because Islam is the continuation of Judaism and Ibraham's faith, we will apply Judaism law's on them. which is to take their women as slaves. LOOOL.We are applying Judaism laws in here. ;)

Johnny accused me to be a working at a gas station. LOOL.My last job was a professor at at University of Denver.  I am an investor rightnow. Here  is my input to JohnnyThe West's intellectual core comes from Christianity, which is in the ME. Because of that the West will always go to the ME for their solutions with their most difficult problems. If there is no Oil in the ME, the West will come for our sand. I am very observant to see it. This is the weakest spot in the western civilization. They seek their intellectual solutions from the Arabs. That is a thesis my friends.You are doomed, because as a westren man, you will always come to us for our oil, sand, spice, religion, ... etcwhy do jews allow the nazi nowitzki to make millions of dollars playing basketball on us soil?