"Assault weapons ban won't be in Dems' gun bill"Wasn't that the point!

Michael, learn to read English and what punctuation means.  Then maybe you can figure it out for yourself.  They are seperate parts.  Would you look at the time in history and tell us what "well regulated meant"?  You will see many were formed that were not under the control of the government.

Now I say we all come together and ban Feinstein.

Do you suppose it's the bill they were worried about having the low chance of survival?

ARRGG I still have yet to see a member of society that has taken all the necessary steps to walk around with a fully automatic weapon causing damage and chaos. Call the ArmaLite Rifle that I use for target computations what it really is instead of changing the first word.

This isn't over by a longshot. They'll try and slip this back in as amendments to future legislation. Don't turn your back on these snakes for one minute. Now, more than ever is the time to keep a close eye on what they do.

Feinstien is a larger threat to the Constitution than Soviet Russia ever was.

Wrong!!!! An assault weapon was not used in the Newtown Connecticut shooting. The AR-15 was found in the killers car, in the parking lot, but not used in the shootings. The police reported that the day after the shootings, that it was present, but not used. Then nothing else mentioned about it NOT BEING USED because thinking it was helps feed public fear and support for a weapons ban.

Don't mess with the peoples guns and rights to carry them.....

No Feinstein, you wasted time and taxpayer dollars on your stupid idea.  TERM LIMITS for these idiots!

Please help me - but I thought that I read that the "military style assault weapon" was found in the trunk of the shooter car?"I tried my best."Famous last words of the liberal. Trying's for losers, succeeding's for winners.

So if Republicans and moderate Democrats opposed it, doesn't that mean the only ones supporting it were radical extremists?

Lets have a ban on Democrats.

all you FOOLS that voted that old cratchety goat in(D. Frankenstein) use some common sense and KICK HER OUT..

Sorry Dems.  ANY vote for ANY gun control and we will vote you back to the STONE AGE.

It's too late democrats!! You have shown us your hand, and we will vote you out in 2014!

this theater is what harry reid and the democrats have turned congress into to protect the most incompetent president in history who would like to blame all his failures on everyone else.

Ban ban ban. I'm so sick of hearing that word and reading it. Ban = taking away freedom, one of the fore fronts of why we are Americans. This is a debate that will continue indefinitely. All I have to say, DON'T TREAD ON ME!

IT'S NOT THE WEAPON PEOPLE --- IT'S THE PERSON !!!

Though Feinstein complains she is not a 6th grader when it comes to the constitution she is actually more like a 1st grader especially when arguing the constitution with Sen Cruz, you know the same sen Cruz that was the editor of the Harvard Law Review, Clerk to the Chief Justice and a man that had argued 9 cases in front of the Supreme court winning 6 of them including the Heller decision. Feinstein was not lectured she was Schooled......."a proposed assault weapons ban won't be part of a gun control bill the Senate plans to debate next month".......better keep a close eye on them.  They'll "slip" the ban in there while telling us they aren't.

Shall not be infringed, means it shall not be encroached or ' violated '. What don't they understand?

At least , finally, they are calling them assault-type rifles instead of assault weapons; maybe a few writers and journalist are becoming gun-educated! They are becoming aware that assault-weapons are already strictly controlled no matter what Dianne Feinstein and her liberal gang tell you! (Misrepresentation is a Democrats best friend!)

Double effort, Patriots!The backdoor national registration scheme must and WILL be defeated as well. Feinswine, go home and darken DC no more, you one trick pony!Libnuts:  DISMISSED.

America 1....Tyrannical Govt. 0

OK, so in articles about new stricter gun legislation I keep seeing posts from the anti-gun folks saying things to gun owners like "you lose" and the "majority has spoken" , "the polls prove we are right".What do you have to say here?

Weapons ban, no. Magazines, no. NO ban on anything! NO political wrangling!

Awe, too bad you communist hag.

Dianne looks like she had a few too many sips from the medicine cabinet. The older people get the more they believe their opinions are facts. Politicians should only be allowed to serve 2 terms. This will cut down on their narcissim as well as those pesky companies putting money into their coffers.

Feinstein maybe you can go over the Constitution again since you apparently missed something of importance.AP still cant separate fact from their fiction. No "assault weapon"/AR15 was used at Newtown CT. This is the anti gun press at work.

Even Feinstein's own party recognizes how misguided she is on Constitutional issues.

"I very much regret it," Feinstein, D-Calif., told reporters of Reid's decision. "I tried my best." Yes, she tried her best to infringe the Second Amendment rights, and is proud of it.  Given her history she will keep trying. They will persistently forge ahead trying to get anything they can. Hypocrites like her and Bloomberg spend their time thinking of ways to remove freedoms from the "common" person..........the sooner they are gone the better.

AP should be ashamed to be part of the lies its spreading

now we just need to get Feinstein out of theSenate, she is not good for California

feinstein is like many other senators, who have served too many terms in office, needs to realize they are elites and have no idea what and whom they represent ... feinstein feels she is entitled ... REALLY?

I wouldn't trust this bunch of liars at all. They are just trying to manipulate things in some way.

Lets hope all of these useless proposals up/down vote in the Senate &amp; House. We need to get these gun-grabbers on record without any cover. There is a bloodbath coming over 2A - and it's called the mid-term elections.

Hope your amendment fails too, you crazy old liberal!!!

Wrong!!!! An assault weapon was not used in the Newtown Connecticut shooting. The AR-15 was found in the killers car, in the parking lot, but not used in the shootings. The police reported that the day after the shootings, that it was present, but not used. Then nothing else mentioned about it NOT BEING USED because thinking it was helps feed public fear and support for a weapons ban.All my weapons are defense weapons. What part of "shall not be infringed" do they not understand? Look, no right is absolute, and if a gun is used to commit a crime, then surely it should be forfeited along with the right to keep and bear arms in the future. However, the notion that disarming honest law-abiding citizens will somehow protect honest law-abiding citizens from criminal predators is crazy. If members of out government support THAT, then they are obviously too crazy to (1) be in government, and (2) have any firearms.Let's start with how they intend to deal with CRIMINALS, and not how they intend to strip us of out natural and constitutional rights. Otherwise, they do not deserve the public trust they hold.

Maybe now you can concentrate on a shooters bill, or a gang violence and drive by shooting bill or will that cost you votes.

There she is, the Gun Woman and then now the No Gun Woman! Wow! You get it?  What a bunch we have taking care of our Business lol  Do you know we have a 2nd amendment Woman?

It would really be great if the Senate and House spent more time on getting our economy straight and less time taking away personal rights.

Stupid reporting--there were no assault type weapons used in the sandy hook killings.

“The enemies on this are very powerful. I've known that all my life,” she said.This would be law abidding American citizens she is calling enemies!

The was no 'assault weapon' used in the Newtown shooting. The shooter used two handguns.  There was an AR-15 found in the trunk of his car. One wonders - Why does the Media refuse to report accurately, and continue these claims even though corrections have been offered ? Why does George Soros ( notorious anti gun immigrant ) hold so much stock in US weapons and ammo companies ? Could it be that these periodic 'pushes' are very profitable ? Soros has made many millions playing both sides.

Even if they are able to scrape together 60 votes to pass a magazine ban in the senate, it will meet certain death in the senate. So what they are doing now, is merely symbolic. Now, all they will do, is blame the republicans, and that will be the end of it.

still beating that dead horse?? the AR-15 was in the shooters trunk, never used in Newtown

GUN-RIGHTS PROPONENTS, TAKE HEART !It appears that all of that "Sandy Hook"-aftermath propaganda campaign isn`t succeeding in brainwashing the American public into relinquishing their rights to own "significant firepower" weaponry. "The tide is turning" towards our public NOT being driven by News Media hysteria into accepting the "slippery slope" of disarmament; but DO KEEP ON "making noise" toward the politicians until these proposals are actually VOTED DOWN. The public in Britain and Australia were "sheepish" enough to let their gun-rights be DRAMATICALLY curtailed. I encourage any politically-savvy Americans to remain vigilant and activistic enough to NOT LET THAT HAPPEN HERE.So much for Obama's call to "just vote on it".I agree with Obama, this ban should be put to a congressional vote. They should stand up and be counted, let American know exactly what their representatives feel is important.

Someone suggested that the bodies of the children in Newtown be made public. I have to agree!  We need to show America what can happen in undefended, "gun-free" areas to our children, and why our schools need armed protection. As the anti-gun crowd used to say in the 90's, "Do it for the children!"

Keep track of who votes in favor of the bans and restrictions and vote them out in the up coming midterm elections

Remember, this is the woman who once said, "If I could get the votes, it would be 'Mr. and Mrs. America, turn them all in.'" That's probably not exact, but this is what she had to say about the Clinton-era "assault weapons ban" that was her baby. Yes, in the 90s. TWENTY years ago. Why is she still holding a monopoly on that Senate seat?"Politicians are like diapers; they should be changed often, and for the same reason." - some pretty smart person

What happened to the discussions on the mental health issues? Kinda dropped off the radar.

They want us to view this as a victory, but this whole assault weapons thing is just a diversion so that they can get what they really want; expanded background checks so that there is a paper trail to every gun so they can confiscate when the time comes...

Wasnt it Diane Feinstein that Waffled on the Benghazi Cover Up? didnt Feinstein claim that Benghazi Had to be Investigated - only to shut up when obamas butt was on the line ?

Ban THAT woman!!!

They can carve the law any way they want trying to pass it.  You can put lipstick on a pig and it's still a pig.  It will NEVER become law.....We will vote out of congress andy idiot that supports it.

Feinstein is a looser. Fire her next election. She only wants to be a dictator.Be wary of the Democrats.  They will try to sneak something in somewhere down the line to infringe on our second amendment rights.

Meant to say certain death in the house.

How could anyone serve for as long as she has without knowing what America is about?

Go ahead an pass all the laws you want.  Ever heard of 3D printers?  We'll just not comply with unconstitutional laws...  Come and take 'em!

All those years of experience Feinstein tried to tell Ted Cruz she had and she couldn't deliver...

The bill was overly draconian so parts could be stripped out, the bill softened and then the result would be a "good compromise".  NO MORE GUN CONTROL, PERIOD!!

harry and this ugly old whacko need to be locked away in the funny farm.

The Democrats will not rest until all law abiding citizens are disarmed and completely dependent on government for any security. Democrats must have control, as it is in their genetic makeup.

None of the Democrats gun control ideas should ever see the floor let alone pass.Remember the oath of office you took to PROTECT AND FOLLOW the Constitution.

Ried, Feinstein, not to be trusted.  Be wary my gun toting friends, be vigilant, these cretins will sneak this in somewhere if we don't stay aware.  Make sure your senators and representatives know how you feel.Democrats need lessons in the costitution

An assault- type weapon was used in the massacre in Newtown. When we will start writing the truth? handguns were used. yet they continue to print this stuff. Democrat logic. Tell the lie enough times and the people will accept it as truth.

I hope this all get resoundingly defeated.  A horrible waste of our governments efforts, work on economic recover.

How much time can these nitwits waste on trying failed gun control measures? The problem never was the assault rifle or rifle at all since 300 killings happen on average with a rifle yearly but 9000 happen with a handgun.

It's hilarious that all these weenies, who wet themselves when they see a weapon, talking about how we would rather have guns than save lives...  It's quite possible to have both.  But, don't ask me;  I've only been a gun owner since age 12...

Looks like the junior senator from the great state of Texas took the gun grabbing wicked witch from the west to school..

In the enforcement of background checks I think most of the senators and congressmen couldn't pass it.

Sorry Dianne. Not this time but keep a close watch on these slime balls or they will try and slip it in somewhere else. Thank you Rand Paul, NRA, NAGR and all the rest who stood against these people and stood up for our rights.

Just remember that Obamacare wasn't a tax either...until the Supremes said it was.

Because the dems are cowards. All they care about is bashing the republicans and getting re elected to the trough...."I tried my best." So, you will tell your ultra-liberal constituents. I think you did succeed in scaring all the criminals. I'm waiting for the violent crime in your district to plummet, as all the criminals line up to register their weapons.

Watch out folks.. As the article points out, Feinstein will back door the ban.. Never say never...These are politicians not people you can trust..

What she should regret is ever proposing a "bill" that was in direct opposition to the US constitution.She should be impeached for attempting to amend the constitution outside the lawful process for such an amendment.

"'I very much regret it," Feinstein, D-Calif., told reporters of Reid's decision. "I tried my best.'"If this was her "best", then it's obvious to anyone with half a mind that her understanding of the Constitution of the United States _is_ at about that of the average sixth grader.Resign, Ms. Feinstein, you have foresworn your oath of office.

I find it personally offensive that Senator DiFi wants to regulate my guns while she has a concealed permit to carry. So, while she gets to carry her handgun in her purse, in her bra or strapped to her thigh, she is also taking away my rights as a civilian.Does she not understand that the citizens are in just as much danger of being shot at as she is? That while she has a full time securty team to protect her, and if she gets her way  I would rely on a handgun  with an 8 round clip to ward off the mexican drug gangs that are sweeping the nation from entering my home.Does she not recognize that the same reason why sh needs a gun is the same reason why I need a gun. The only difference is that while e she has a team of security gaurds all fully armed, I have only myself to protect my family?Does she not recognize that in fighting  for what she believes in it makes her a target, and that if she gets her way, the people would be defenseless should they decide to fight for waht they believe in.Why does DiFi not want the people to have the the tools necessary (by her own admission in the need for carrying a handgun) to fight and defend what they believe in.

Most democrats remember 1994, and it sends chills down their spines.

Gun control is a sharp eye and a steady hand.

The background check will be the big money maker for the Democrats.They have probably already promised lots of jobs and contracts in the new background check department they will create.First it will have to be studied. That's to see how they can squeeze the most revenue out of Treasury and into their glasses. Then will come the spending on hiring, data bases, office space, equipment and supply purchases, contracting, and what not.A legislator never passes anything unless he, and/or his family, friends, and campaign contributers will profit from it.If you are a liberal and you weren't offered a job as a gun control analyst, or a registration financial impact  consultant, or one of the other plums that will soon be handed out  in exchange for your support, you are pretty dumb,

Criminals LOVE the dems for pushing the idea of disarming law-abiding citizens.

Feinstein and Boxer about the most worthless government employees ever elected to office.It would be nice if they both just concentrated on doing the job they were elected to do which does not in any way include ignoring the Constitution.I very much regret that Feinstein is a Senator.

When it comes to gun ownership, they try to infringe on our rights with obstacle after obstacle.  But even the simplest common sense check about a voter's citizenship is a violation of rights.  Impeach Holder.

call your congressman/woman.. tell them of your concerns and urge them to vote no....if they do vote in favor of it...vote them out next election.....or we as a people band together and show washington,d c that we are not serfs or peasants to them and that we have rights guaranteed under the U.S. Constitution...they work for us..we do not work for them...the 2nd Amendment is not about hunting as they would have you believe...and the more people that realize that...the better chance we have to remind those in government of it....

Wow, how strange, an actual intelligent decision by Harry Reid, now he needs to just drop the subject entirely.

NRA- the longest civil rights group in the U.S.  America's foremost defender of Second Amendment rights! I am Proud to be a member!

Seems Ted Cruz was right and enough democrats knew it.

Too bad we can't ban ugly.....feinstein would be the first to go.

you cannot trust lying democrats in washington they are as devious as obama!

Dianne,just got #$%$ slapped ,by harry reid ?

"In order to see what is in Obamacare, you have to pass Obamacare"   What part of HORRIBLE, don't people understand about DF.Get rid of Lady DiFi! She is totally worthless to us Californians!

Feinstein carries a handgun. I wonder what she is scared of ??

Let us see!The government has failed the people in providing economically substantial jobs and the people resort to crimes like robbery and some give up and commit suicide. Friends and relatives decide the people effected are at fault until they become effected. Democrats want o wast energy on banning guns instead of working on economics. They want to tax you to death and take any means of stopping them. they are tirants.

We cannot let our guard down, Feinstein will try to slide her baby in somewhere when no one is looking.

Watching the recent exchange between Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Senator Diane Feinstein of California as they debated the merits or demerits of Feinstein's hysterical gun grabber bill was a real eye-opener.  Cruz demolished Feinstein in their discussion on the constitutional issues.  Feinstein could not answer Cruz's question and, instead, retreated behind her pretense of being offended.  She claimed to not be a sixth-grader and didn't need Cruz to lecture her on the constitution.  But, yes she did.  Cruz made an outstanding point that the people's rights to keep and bear arms were not to be infringed upon.  Feinstein lost this little exchange with a lack of logic and incorrect interpretation of the constitutional 2nd amendment.  Right-thinking Americans, those concerned about the Constitution and the protection of our 2nd amendment rights need to be ever vigilant because these hysterical gun-grabbers, with their anti-liberty legislation will be back.  And why hasn't the US Sentate passed a national budget in over 1400 days?  Let's get a budget in place and then we can entertain the liberal whine about the merits and demerits of gun control.  And, because of sequester, no White House tours and now, no Easter Egg rolls for the kids.  Petty, petty, petty.  When will most Americans wake up and realize that enough is enough of our Moocher- in-Chief.  2014 is just around the corner and 2016 cannot come soon enough.

I need to repeat this:If a conservative doesn't like guns, he doesn't buy one.If a liberal doesn't like guns, he wants all guns outlawed.If a conservative is a vegetarian, he doesn't eat meat.If a liberal is a vegetarian, he wants all meat products banned or regulated for everyone.If a conservative is homosexual, he leads his life.If a liberal is homosexual, he demands legislated respect.If a conservative is down-and-out, he thinks about how to better his situation.If a liberal is down and out, he wonders who is going to take care of him.If a conservative doesn't like a talk show host, he switches channels.If a liberal doesn't like a talk show host, he demands that he/she be taken off the air.If a conservative is a non-believer, he doesn't go to church.If a liberal is a non-believer, he wants any mention of God and religion silenced.If a conservative needs health care, he shops for it, or finds a job that provides it.If a liberal needs health care, he demands that the rest of us provide it.There are liberal Republicans and there are conservative Democrats.All views are personal and do not express the views of the entire respective parties.

The biggest supplier of assault weapons is Eric Holder and the Justice Dept.

Time for you to retire Feinstein you old hag.

It was dumb to begin with and wouldn’t have stopped the shooting in Sandy Hook Elementary.

Great day for americans who love and want their right to bear arms.Picture of evil.

I hope everyone remembers who wants to control every part of our lives, when voting comes around again.

State and National legislators need to stop wasting everyone's time trying to regulate someting they do not have jursidiction over and get to work on the economy, budget and jobs.Enforce the laws we have, provide care for the mentally ill and ensure they cannot acquire firearms legally.  We know who they are, stop putting them in prisons to be abused by the real criminals.Then Keep the Criminals in jail for the duration of their sentences.Criminals will not comply with any new laws, that is what makes them criminals.All laws made by Congress, any restrictions imposed by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, any restrictions made by executive order, and all Supreme Court decisions that restrict firearms are unconstitutional. They are unconstitutional because they have no authority to do so.The Second Amendment (Amendment II) to the United States Constitution is the part of the United States Bill of Rights that protects the right to keep and bear arms. It was adopted on December 15, 1791, along with the rest of the Bill of Rights.It reads,"A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."The Supreme Court has ruled many times supporting these limitations to the governements' powers.In the 19th and 20th centuries, the Supreme Court ruled the amendment to be “a limitation only upon the power of Congress and the National government.In 2008, the Court issued landmark decision to officially establish an "individual rights" interpretation of the Second Amendment. In District of Columbia v. Heller, the Court ruled that the Second Amendment protects an individual's right to possess a firearm, unconnected to service in a militiaand to use that arm for traditionally lawful purposes, such as self-defense within the home.In McDonald v. Chicago, in 2010, the Court ruled that the Second Amendment limits state and local governments to the same extent that it limits the federal government.

Beware Diane...the people of the US and the NRA have you in their cross hairs.  Perhaps a ban on stupid politicians would be more effective.

Newtown shooter was addicted to violent video games. The Holly Loons are liable - same as cigarettes addiction association to the probability of cancer for users.

Great Americans Black,Brown,and White gave their lives for the freedoms we enjoy don't let anyone take them away.

So even though she is a proven failure and does what she can to trample the constitution, her voters will give her a pass and vote her back in.

Poor Diane  !!With substantial majority of Democrats  in the Senate,  why wouldn't Feinstein's bill pass in that "august" body ???Because even the liberal democrats like Harriet Reid  will NOT support her demand for assault weapons ban !!Liberal hypocrites all !!!

All I have to say is she sure is one homely geriatric…

Doesn't seeing that picture of Pelosi make you think you have been inserted in the preditor movie?I know we aren't out of the woods yet but I feel positively GIDDY right now. Suck it Feinstein!

Translation... there isn't enough DEMOCRAT votes to move this forward so lets figure out how we can blame those wacky Tea Party folks.

This whole push for new gun control legislation is just another knee-jerk reaction by emotional and irrational liberals. It won't make a significant difference in the gun violence problems, but it will undoubtedly give liberals a false sense of accomplishment.

Better news would be that Dianne Feinstein won't be in Congress anymore.....We won on gun control, but now it's time to push the communist Democrats out of office forever ! They wanted war let's give it to them....

We lived in Chicago which had a handgun ban, not that it stopped any shootings. The gangbangers and thugs are not generally known for obeying laws. There were shootings on an almost daily basis. Now we live in North Dakota which has a pretty laissez-faire attitude towards guns, almost everyone has them including us, but there are very few shootings. It seems to me the minute you tell people they can't have something, they want it more. We have the right to have guns and like all other rights, it's your choice. If you don't like guns whether they be rifles, handguns or whatever, don't have one but don't tell everyone else they can't have one. Ms. Feinstein is protected by armed security so she is hardly in a position to dictate to us about gun control.

"I very much regret it," Feinstein, D-Calif., told reporters of Reid's decision. "I tried my best."That is EXACTLY, word for word, what a new reporter form thsi past weekend, said that she would say when it becomes apprent that it won't pass.  This way, she gets to save face and pretend that she thought that it might have a chance to pass, in the eyes of her mob out in California.

The Mafia is very persuasive huh Harry

If the Democrats would only work as hard on doing a budget?  Four years and counting.  Funny how you hear Obama against the Republicans, but the Democrats no one says a word.

I would quit in protest................ Senator????

I dont like guns but I wont stop people from owning guns. I just domnt like people like Feinstein thinks she can force her believes on others...Why doesnt  she introduces a bill to help mentally ill...Liberal just dont want to do what make sense...Just another feel good law that will not be enforced but hopefully it will wake up the people and vote all the people who vote for the law out of office.

Feinstein is an idiot. The sandy hook shooter was a deranged madman with a family that was in denial, delusional and certainly irresponsible. For all the 100's of billions we spend on healthcare there is an obvious failure in treating mental health as well. Where was someone or some support system to tell his mother who was apparently devoid of common sense that she had a very sick and dangerous son an she should remove these weapons from her home and get him some serious treatment.It is all insanity, and here Feinstein diggs up her old failed legislation to attack the second amendment. Which does nothing, nada to address the issue. It does serve her extreme left wing agenda to restrict the constitutional rights of American citizens. Feinstein has made a long career of not defending the constitution and to advance her repressive big government agenda to control the freedom and individual rights of American citizens. She is pathetic and doesn't deserve the title of US Senator.

You know what she can do with that amendment.

They had these guns banned once and it didn't make a differance, not one IOTA

Its starting to look like Sen Feinstein's push for the assult weapon ban has met with a roadblock.. Also Joe's shotgun theory sort of backfired.  An Amendment adding military guns also will not pass.  The American people have spoken.  Just enforce the present laws.

Shouldn't she be on Antiques Roadshow?

For God's sake, this woman is almost 80 years old and not gray hair on her head. Hair color doesn't match facial appearance. She looks ridiculous.

Feinstein knew very well going in that this bill would fail. Meanwhile, the paranoia stoked by the attempt will make her fellow 'progressive' donors, like Soros, rich. You see, Soros has bought up all the stock in weapons and ammo producers he could. He is one of Feinweasel's biggest supporters. All just a cynical manipulation of the sheeple, creating a perceived need to separate the sheeple from their savings.

Meanwhile, the ABC-TV affiliate in Chicago identified the deceased Florida campus shooter wannabe's weapon as a ".22 caliber assault rifle"!  What was he going to assault...squirrels?!?!

They're waiting til after the mid-term elections. Obama's doing nothing to help the US for a reason. He's engineering an environment where people are feeling the pain and Republicans are getting the blame. If it works and Dems take the House they'll ban everything in sight and begin confiscation.I wouldn't trust these Liberal Demorats as far as I can throw them. They'll wait for some disaster to distract us then punch it though because the idiot Republicans can't find their #$%$ in a lighted room with both hands.Sarc off.

Feistein.... GO HOME to the land of OZ...   CALIFORNIA... land of SIN, DRUGS, and ILLEGALS!!    And of course.... RUIN!!

"I very much regret it," Feinstein, D-Calif., told reporters of Reid's decision. "I tried my best."...  (to deprive you of your 2nd amendment rights).

A junior senator questioned her and she lost her temper!!  How dare you said she!!

Ugliest "Female" ever?

I would like to see the movie FEINSTEIN MEETS DIRTY HARRY.

None of tis matters until we hear what Governor Moonbeam and Boom Boom Bloomberg think.

Every leftist anti gun activist, should be mandated to install "GUN FREE ZONE" signs all around their property. If they are true believers, they will comply.

There are numerous reasons to use an AR15 as a personal defense weapon but here are a few, The low recoil allows for shooters of all sizes to utilize the weapon, the adjustable buttstock allows for people of large and small frames to operate the weapon comfortably , the standard 30 round magazine allows for less manipulation of the weapon during a confrontation, it is extremely more accurate than a hand gun, the 5.56 mm or .223 round is a small round that bleeds off a lot of energy upon impact with a wall or other object thus reducing the chance of over penetration into other rooms inside a dwelling.  If you don't believe me just google DHS purchases 2012 these are the reasons the US Government gave for the purchase of 7000 new Personal Defense weapons.....

feinstein ,  reason we need term limit  , time to check her out .After this, you all should know by now the media was lying through their teeth.By listening to them,you would have thought this ban would have been a slam dunk.Look like Americans take their amendments seriously,all of them.

What a waste of taxpayer money Feinsteins little hearing was.

The bill in its original form was akin to repealing obamacare: dead on arrival.  She just wanted to get certain aspects passed such as universal checks

And the amendment that would ban high-capacity magazines will die in the Republican-controlled House. Thank God, the U.S. Constitution, the NRA, the Second Amendment Foundation, and all those millions of good citizens who contacted their senators and congressmen to ask them to keep their hands off one of our fundamental rights.But beware: Obama and his cronies will not give up easily. He will try to legislate through executive orders or BATFE regulations. He can impose taxes on ammunition and use other dirty tricks. He doesn't have to worry about being re-elected. Vigilance, patriots, vigilance! And let's try to take the Senate away from those who want to take our guns away, be they Democrats or Republicans, and reward with re-election the Democrats who stood up for the Second Amendment.

None of them will pass. When they don't I hope all this panic buying stops.

Typical Grand Standing by this LIBERAL PIG BEETCH. DAWG AZZED FUGLY #$%$

Here Dianne, pull my finger....

This California Freak Show is overwith!  Maybe this Bleepch can convince Mexico to give up their weapons.  Oh wait, they already have total gun control in that "peaceful" country.  LOL

So all those mags you have for your 9mm, 10mm glock .22 all those will become banned--that means if you have them they can take your weapon and throw you in jail.  It is only beneficial for the government bodies to have mags with large capacity.  Because we all know that those agencies face different criminals than the people living in real life.

So, a little loss of liberty is easier to slide by?  Any erosion of our rights is unacceptable.  If this is so vital of a question then propose an amendment to the Constitution and through the process allow the people to decide, not a bunch of campaigning ideologues.Wow, Dianne Feinsteins latest attempt to shred the constitution is a no go. That is a big thumbs up for freedom. Maybe the country is not lost yet. But these constitution hating liberals will be back with their anti liberty plans.

Dianne Feinstein needs to suck a barrel!

Don't be fooled. The dictators in this regime always take 4 steps forward, and back up just a bit. You will always loose your rights when you play with these evil people.

Why have we heard NOTHING about mental health attention?? Isnt this always the common denominator?

I am for an assault weapons ban ,but fully autos are already banned, a semi-auto is not an assault weapon

Haha they relized no one would back up that load of BS.

This isn't going away, it's nothing more than 0-blamacrats positioning themselves to work on their 0-blame game. 0-blamcrats get the senate and house in 2014 and a worse bill will be rammed through and WE will FIND OUT what's in it." THAT or they're hoping their king will continue Executive Ordering the parts of the Constitution that they don't like out of existence.

Liberal flakes kooks and assorted nuts. And they all share one trait hypocricity!

This old woman just keeps talking gibberish. She seems to always harping about something and nobody appears to be listening.  She appears to need some kind of medical attention.

I wish the Dems would spend this much effort on lowering the deficit....It is found the Newtown shooter was addicted to violent video games with his video game spreadsheet 4 X 7 accumulating points for KILLS . In my view this addiction makes the video game people liable which is same as cigarettes judgements because of cancer probability (reasonable probability someone could get cancer). Of course the Dems get serious money from Holly Loons so the violent movie people in their eyes are not culpable.

don't trust any of these snakes in the grass.

Interesting comment about her assult weapons ban becoming part of an admentment.  That is how this empty suit congress slips things through.

Diane Feinstein is a HYPOCRITE!!!  Diane Feinstein is an anti-gun Senator who still somehow found the fortitude to obtain for herself a concealed firearms carry permit, a privilege she wants to deny others. 27 April 1995:"Less than twenty years ago I was the target of a terrorist group. It was the New World Liberation Front. They blew up power stations and put a bomb at my home when my husband was dying of cancer. And the bomb didn't detonate. [...] I was very lucky. But, I thought of what might have happened. Later the same group shot out all the windows of my home. [...] And, I know the sense of helplessness that people feel. I know the urge to arm yourself because that's what I did. I was trained in firearms. I'd walk to the hospital when my husband was sick. I carried a concealed weapon. I made the determination that if somebody was going to try to take me out, I was going to take them with me."Feinstein claims that she has since relinquished both the handgun and the concealed weapons permit.When HER life was in danger, she reached for HER gun!

Finestein sucks, it's always nice to see her lose.

This Woman  DF has no common since at all  The GUN"s are not the problem It is the Thugs that are using them as a way of life of crime Ect !!!!! No teeth in the law's we have !!!  We still have the lowest Murder rate in the world For a Nation that has gun's  The Fact's are out For you to read  Check it out !!!!!!

I'm more interested in what's left on the bill they are going to try and pass.

Sweep away these career Shysters

Amazing...  We're spending ourselves into oblivion, we CANNOT service the debt when interest rates return to historic norms (5%), yet the urgent priority is disarming us...  Oh, maybe it DOES make sense.  Unarmed serfs are more docile.

Ding #$%$  da bietch is gone ...da bietch is gone , da bietch is gone.I am not in favor of Feinsteins gun control measures, however this just points out that one member of the senate has got way, way too much power. Guess who?

aren't politicians supposed to uphold the Constitution, not destroy it?

Gun owners should take joy in this victory, but this woman will continue to force her gun views on us if she is not defeated when she comes up for re-election.  We must also take steps to stop the school systems of America from suspending children that simply draw a picture or chew a poptart in the shape of a gun.  We will loose the 2nd ammendment if this isn't stopped.

People like her are promoting tyranny towards law abiding citizens of this country and drawing the attention away from real problems like illegal immigrants who go through our borders like a Sunday walk, our economy because of trade imblance, and their rampant spending off the sweat of our backs. We have a lot of issues and it starts at the top.

I think the dems are scared of that new guy from tx....Go get em Ted!

Dianne Not-So-Finestein "understands and respects" the Constitution. The problem is, she ignores it. Just like Dictator (Constitution? I Don't Need No Stinking Constitution) Yomama.

Feinstein is against the Bill of Rights, that makes her un-American and she should be impeached for crimes against the US Constitution.The Facts: she supports the removal of the 2nd and 4th amendments from the US Constitution. For these reasons, she should be impeached.

Hopefully they don't figure out that most US troops in WW2 and the Korean War were using 8 shot clips.Some US Snipers were able to kill 20+ armed troops within a minute plus without automatic fire, and solo shooting.Assault weapons were designed for a 12 man group, so they didn't need as many machine guns for suppression fire.Assault weapons aren't more deadly or less deadly then a bolt action rifle with a 7-15 shoot capacity.

Tried my best? If any of these tools ever worked this hard on our debt or unemployment as they have on taking away guns America would be better.

Do not trust Feinstein period. She’ll try to slide the assault weapons ban in on another bill. We have to keep an eye on her. Call your Senator and tell them there are enough gun laws already in place.down in flames you liberal - learn what our 2nd Amendment means then learn to read,

Ban is the worst 3 letter word ever.  Makes some four letter words look pretty saintly.  Now the old bats out of the Government, she needs to retire and let some youth get in.

I laid my AR-15 on one side of the counter and my Glock on the other...no gunfight ensued.

Good!! shelve it permanently and to Dianne Feinstein shove your rhetoric where the sun don't shine!!!

NASTY OLD HAG NEEDS TO RETIRE

dogamatic in the i"m right and you will do as i say way of thinking, why they keep re-electing her and boxer is beyond me

Vote to restrict the 2nd amendment and get a free pass to the unemployment line!

So, the gun bill proposed by democrats WAS after all about disarming law abiding citizens and not about assault weapons. Yet they call this a victory/ progress because it was never about assault weapons... It was about chipping away at law abiding citizens Constitutional Rights.

You can be sure the only reason a full ban is not part of the proposal is because they know they do not have the votes to back it in the Congress, or in their home states when they face re-election.But one thing I do know from experience with Feinstein, and Reid, and most Democrats --- Watch what they DO bring to the table very closely, because they are not above using deception and treachery to pass what they want when they know they can't get it honestly.

Ms Frankenstein : Where is the plan to get firearms out of the hands of criminals and gangs ???who voted this old hagg into office? i cant stand the sight of this woman for god sake.

Why would anyone vote for a party that wants to take everything away from the people? It doesn't matter if they start with guns or soda, eventually they will take everything.  The peoblem with lawmakers is that they feel compelled to pass laws whether we need them or not.

The arrogance of the "senior senator from California" makes me ill.  TERM LIMITS PLEASE!!!

She tried her best and failed, now resign because you are not good enough for America.  Now get your foot off of my Constitution!

"The price of freedom is eternal vigilance."  Use your rights or you will lose them.  If you can vote, then by golly, do so, and vote for the candidates who support our American freedoms.

Goodbye Feinstein!!!

If my dog had Feinstein's face, I'd shave his butt and teach him to walk backwards!

Forget this ban legislation and start enforcing the existing regulations. Start in Chicago and clean the streets of thugs and criminals.

Advocating the taking away of the citizen's Constitutional rights is not a wise move for any politician - Dem or Repub. It will lose them votes, and they know it.

its not the amount of bullets, its the amount of brains of the user.diane find a better way to go down in history, try something new likefixing some of the problems facing government. there are more of those than killers running around.I remember when a few years back, old Feinstein wanted to ban handguns. Some group conducted a check on her which revealed she had two handguns registered to her and a carry permit. When questioned, Dianne said it was different for her to protect herself because she is a public figure. In other words she is a elitest #$%$ and thinks the law would not apply to her.

I thought that it was pistols that were used at Newtown..

This isn't over by any stretch of the imagination!  The Gun Control Bill will not pass with the Assault Weapon Ban  "IN" it but can pass as an Amendment attached TO it!   Read carefully and be wary!  Do NOT give up the fight!

This bill was a red herring, the real goal is registration. Feinkenstein knew a ban would never pass even with her ilk. Now they can go to the Reps and say we gave you give like registration and private sales checks, which means even if you have an arsenal they will know and confiscation is just a pen stroke away. Dont let the RINO's like McCain give in!

I get an autonomic gag response every time I see that Swine !!

We have been sold out.  Nothing happens in DC without "the deal."  The weapons ban was pulled making the rest of the bill easier to pass.  The Right will turn against its supporters.  They will agree to "reasonable" intrusions on the rights of all Americans to placate the middle.  The Right knows that a pol with a rating of A- or B+ is still better than one with a rating of F.  Thus, the Right will play to the center.  The Left will do the same.  The Left will always be supported by the takers in society.  The remaining bill will help them appeal to the center.The center...ignorant, emotional, arrogant....runs this country.  And it is the Center who is very comfortable with stripping the rights of all citizens away as long as the soccer fields are mowed and the road to Starbucks is paved.The soccer moms of the Center are okay with abortion and the males of the Center are okay with hiding behind women.We are doomed as a free society.  All that happens now is that the slide slows a little one day and speeds up another.

I don't know who is the ugliest and biggest bit*h.....Diane, Nancy or Hilliary?

Doesn't mean she wont keep trying. She's been trying to get her "assault" weapon ban reinstated since the day it expired. She an NY mayor Buttburg should marry and move to some deserted island.

dont try and slip something in you demorats we are watching you #$%$!

FEINSTEIN is the MOST ARROGANT #$%$ in public life !! She is an embarrassment to womanhood !!!!!How about just leaving the law abiding citizens of this country alone. You have proven you do not know how to do your job, as shown by the approval rating of Congress.Thank God I am in Texas where we still have some common sense.

Of course this old bag doesn't need a gun.She could just threaten to drop her clothes &amp; that would have any attacker running.

all news outlets have stated that the weapon used in the school shooting was a PISTOL..  The AR-15 was left in the car.. SO WHY wont YAHOO print the facts???

Feinstein is a blatant liar. You can't trust or believe anything this witch says.

Feinstein does not know what an "assault weapon is" nor does she know what the 2nd Amendment is and does not care.  Yet she refuses to give up and wants to try to pass this by an "amendment".  The liberal media still thinks gun owners support this kind of anti-Constitutional agenda but THEY ARE WRONG.  We the people stand for freedom, not socialism and tyranny!!  Harry Reid  you and your party remember this!!

NO NEW GUN LAWS .

The left's  favorite strategy is "incrementalism". Like a frog being slow boiled, it doesn't know that it's cooked until its to late. It's taken the a century to get them here, but if the Founders could see what they've done to this great nation, they wouldn't recognize it.Just an example, the 16th Amendment was sold to the people as an income tax on only the eeevil rich, the one percent. A couple of years later, the ensnare another income group. And so on until they have us enslaved to them, and we think "income" tax is normal!

What did whiney Feinstein say........the opposition for the ban on military style weapons, is powerful and they are our enemies!!!!!?????? This shows to me how much respect she has for theAmerican people because we ARE the opposition!!! This old relic has to except the fact she works for us....not the other way around! Let's see.......Obama said that Romney was a murderer of a woman with cancer,........"the relic" says we are enemies, Reid says that the eight marines killed in Nevada were the fault of the Republicans and the sequester!!!!!! We have some real idiotic, dumb people in this country that voted these people back into office!!!!!!!! If you are un-informed......you had better listen to the people that want to help this country instead of destroy it! BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!!!!!!

The democrats have figured that they can't pass a ban on the up and up so they are caniving as usual to get it passed and shoved down our throuts.

HEY FEINSTEIN ...YOU OLD ROTTED PRUNE....Give up your 24-7 Armed Security Personal for 90 days....Proove to all American Gun Owners that life can be Safe.Hypocrites!

Harry why the he11 didn't you say that before wasting all that time and $$$ for all those hearings you idiot. History is not going to be your friend!

Gun bans are intended for large cities since the rural Sheriffs have publicly stated they will not be enforced. Once the economy tanks and the bank runs begin, the Liberal Mecca's will have no problem controlling their unarmed servants with drones and guns.

Dianne Feinstein is worse than worthless and needs to do something truely productive or move on. Even they admit their gun control measures are essentially feel good measures in regards to crime, but they want the American public disarmed for other reasons so they forge ahead.

It's a shame she wasn't standing next to Harvey Milk in 78!

No!! an assualt type weapon was NOT used in the newtown massacre...why does the media report this as fact?...

The irony with this whole gun control debate is that every time the democrats start talking about gun control, sales of guns and ammo go through the roof. LOL

California... as usual, they rest of the Country is laughing at you.  The fact that you elected this mentally deficient person to the Senate is truly humiliating for you.

I hope her staffers read. The gun ban was misguided. Solve real problems. Start a mental health national strategy discussion. Then if you have time, stop spending our money.

Give us the same armed protection and concealed carry permit that Feinstein has, then let's talk.  Until then, everyone hates a hypocrite.NO ASSAULT WEAPON WAS USED IN NEWTON! no rifle of any kind was used. Fact! A sporting rifle was found locked in the killers trunk. The killer used pistols. The media won't tell you this. I'm sick of the media twisting the truth to push forth a liberal idea.

shall NOT be infringed

HOORAY, for common sense!!

Don't feel badly, Senator Feinstein.  The budget bill didn't do any better - and passing a budget is required by law.

It is obvious that the Democrats are not restricting guns for our protection, but simply for theirs - if we're unarmed they can do what they want.  They can ALMOST do what they want now.  Sure looks like time we woke up and began electing people who would act in our best interest instead of their own.

Di Fi is a pitiful excuse for an American. She is the enemy of freedom loving Americans.

Mrs feinstein is another exemple of"do as i say not as i do"did you know she has a carry permit,no?the high and mighty have body guards with all kinds of guns but you and i can even get guards in our schools.we want to carry,not to rob but to protect ourselves from the same people they worry about and get to carry firearms to protect themselves.

it is because their plan it to steadily chip away the second amendment and the "assault rifle" ban would be too big of a notch for Americans to swallow without more indoctrination.

So what are they gonna sneak in under the guise of "compromise"?

The constitution wins. Liberals have no respect for our laws just the ones they like. Thats why the country is in such bad shape.as it should not be part of the bill, since studies show the previous ban for 10 yrs had ZERO affect on gun violence

How can that be?  DF spend 20 years in that committee.  She is not a 6th grader.  She has seen and felt bullet holes.Think constitution got in the way??

now eliminate mag limits and universal background checks which register guns from the bill.add help the mentally impaired and ensure they don't have gun access! determine the root cause why these people go "crazy" and do these attacks. enforce existing laws including illegal immigration feds!

LOL - the Jew Democrat is going to lose again -- yay!

this damn woman has tried for years to take firearms away from honest  citizens.this didnt work for her in 1994 and its not gonna work now.!

So how many thousands of manufacturing facilities does Diane think her legislation will return to U.S. soil?  Federal funds subsidized their moves out of the country.  This was our Congress at work for us, moving U.S. jobs to China.  Political vaudeville then diverts our attention with "assault weapon" debates.  We're being hosed by the people we elected.

What difference does it make what our government  bans and what laws are on the books? I live in CA. where we just emptied our prisons of convicts (people who have been convicted of breaking the law), more than DOUBLING the robbery and theft crimes in my community. And then, of course, the Feds dumped a whole pile of pile detained illegals back onto our streets while bragging about beefing up border security and lying about who and how many were released. All of this while the media tells whatever BS tale the government wants told on a particular day. We are more than circling the drain as a culture, we are in the sewer!

Harry Reid is not even for Feinstein's unconstitutional gun ban so it was shot down before a vote could even come to the floor..

"I very much regret it," Feinstein, D-Calif., told reporters of Reid's decision. "I tried my best."Because you're a left wing zeolot Senator who wants to take rights away from law-abiding citizens.  Glad to see your own party doesn't support your lunacy.

Gun bans won't work to stop crime. But they will work to make law abiding citizens more defenseless.That must be what they're trying to accomplish.USA = NRA

Don't believe a word of this BS ... just a tactic to get those less resolved off track and pass an amendment at some opportune time (like a Friday evening with no opposition in the voting line up). This female dog never backs down and comrade reid would kiss her donkey at the drop of a $100.00 bill.

Democommies...funny.  Here in Illinois they are fighting the court imposed concealed carry law.  Illinois "lawmakers" ruled that concealed carry will not apply on public transit.  In the meantime, a transit cop was stabbed; and a man waiting for a train was beaten to death...within the last week!

i didnt vote for them. the majority of the votes were from illegals. they arm all of south america in trade for drugs and want to ban americans!

The government has always been paranoid of a well armed citizenry and has done its best to control the types of firearms that are in the hands of citizens.The Sullivan law is a case in point.It was ostensibly to be a bill to remove automatic and military type weapons from criminals like Al capon and Pretty boy Floyd and the Bonny and Clyde gangs who used Thompson's and Bars.back in the 20s.But there was also a movement back then that scared the hell out of the government.It is now called the Veterans bonus March.Look it up and find out the truth about Doug Mac Arthur and George Patton as well as Eisenhower when they where young officer after WWI.Not enough space here to get any deeper into it.But suffice it to say the government did not want military firearms in the hands of angry veterans righteously angry or not and the sad part was the only weapons fire was from the army not the veterans.It was the depression and they just wanted there mule and peace of land promised by the government.

The media portrayed this country as overwhelmingly approving of new gun control laws. It appears they were very wrong.

I SO wish Diane would do a successful self immolation.

It's not the gun, but the person using it.  I am a Democrat, but I don't support the anti-gun plank of the party.  Dianne Feinstein does not represent what the party wants.  Get over yourself, Dianne!

Hopefully she will regret it more come next elections. Remember this .

Don't lecture me I am not a sixth grader, what an #$%$. Don't you just love Harry Reid #$%$ that he is, screws his own party !!!!!!!!I thought the weapons used in Newtown was a handgun?

"She decided"....LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL

Sanity in Washington?  Support for the constitution?  Wow!

Maybe Diane needs to ask Nancy Pelosi for her plastic surgeon's name?

So none of the Republicans and a few moderate Democrats would not support this bill.  Who was left?  The angry unhinged looney left.  So only the fringe were going to support this.  Maybe there is hope, or Dingy Harry is looking for a back dooor assault.

Dianne Feinstein is a bad ugly joke. California should be ashamed of her.

Term limits are needed ... this woman is PMS gone wild

Every American should be armed as well as Holder has armed the drug cartels. Every democrat that walked out on the vote to place Holder in contempt should undergo mental evaluations.

Great now will Colt ARs get back down to $1200 again anytime soon?

Frankly, I agree with some sensible, common sense solutions to keeping guns out of the hands of criminals......unfortunately, neither Feinstein or Reid have proposed anything close to that.Background checks are fine, but why would anyone who is intent on committing a crime submit to a background check? To be fair, background checks do prevent a few people from getting guns but it's an insignificant number relative to the number of those who are not stopped.Neither have they presented any evidence that banning certain guns or large magazines will keep them out of the hands of criminals or prevent mass shootings.Anyone with any common sense can see this. Those that cannot are just being stupid and are blinded by panicked emotions. Their knee-jerk reactions will actually cause more people to die.The reason for California's demise can be summed up by saying LIBERAL DUMOCRATS!! Now Feinstein is trying to fester her liberal disease in a liberal pandemic episode.The Calif. democrat losers now want to tax everything after duping the sheeple liberals in California to self impose taxes on themselves and the rest of us who oppose Moonbeams bail out of the unions and their under funded government pensions.  California bankruptcy coming to a Yahoo headline soon.  Businesses are fleeing, those with means will soon leave and the state will be left with liberal sheep, illegals and the rest of the 52%'ers who can't see passed their democrat nose!

these libs will be back with this again so we need to enact a law that stops this from happening again to protect all our guns,handguns shotguns and rifles,because make no mistake they will come back with these attacks on our second amendment right when they have the power to do it again,i promise you,and obama is blaming the republicans for everything he can to get control of the house of representatives and then they will shove gun control down our throats! and dont forget the lame stream media will help them because they are an arm of the democrat party!

Reid is worried about his election. Make sure to get him out!

"...the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."Can't get any clearer than that.

Take a mental picture of Feinstein, the next time you’re having a bad day just think how lucky you are not to have to wake-up, roll over and look at her. Sometimes it’s the little things that make life grand…

When you reminisce fondly about Ms. Feinstein, wondering when she may return to once again try and grab your guns, just remember the president who put her up for this hack job.

Never fear libs, they'll slip it back in somewhere else. Harry Reid is already promoting it as an ammendment. Feinstein has been on the bandwagon since the early 90's for her anti-gun laws and I'm glad she failed in this present move. It amazes me how these idiot politicians can believe that by taking away our right to defend ourselves is going to make us a safer society. The only reason they're taking any kind of stand is for votes.

She is ONE UGLY pig.

Forget gun rules, grandma, give me a job!

Democrats LIKE murdered kids. That's the only reason they fight laws allowing teachers and adult students to carry concealed weapons; since they know this will happen again."When the debate is lost,  slander becomes the tool of the loser."

This is what these liberals had planned all along. They will probably get what they want this round, that is Background checks and Magazine ban. They are getting what they want one piece at a time. If these liberals are reelected they will have another shot at the "assault weapons" . It's not over. Don't forget about the Arms Trade Treaty that the United Nations is pushing in New York this weak. All the senate has to do is ratify what ever ant-gun proposals  these foreign countries come up with, and those proposals will become law of the land.

But...but...but....but... Diannne has been in Congress for 7 million years.  She couldn't get this done?

Why is it everytime I see fienstiens face, I want to vomit?

Diane Finklestein is one warped Beo'tch.....she is dangerous and unfortunately she's not done.

By all means, let's pass ANOTHER piece-o-crapola legislation that will do absolutely NOTHING to thwart an evil person from doing something tragic. You want to do something "feel good"? How about you all (in the Senate) take a permanent hiatus!

A government that CANNOT control its borders, that CANNOT erase a 17 trillion dollar debt, that CANNOT reduce deficits in a deficit reduction bill, that CANNOT track its own Fast and Furious Guns, that CANNOT articulate a healthcare bill, where its leaders readily admit that they DO NOT read legislation before voting on it, is going to have a hard time managing our guns.

Violations of the US Constitution is the corner stone of the Obama.Thus, came the Sandy Hook Conspiracy, Lie and Cover-up story you fell for.There is still no proof, no evidence, no school video, no body's, false photos, missing survivors taken to the Hospital, captured people behind the school and a whole lot more.This is Odumbos conspiracy to grab guns and dis-arm America.This old hag Frankenstien, or what ever her name is, is a Traitor to this country andthe US Constitution.As for Sandy Hook, someone needs to uncover the State of Ct and Newtown conspiracy behind it all.There are way way too many missing pieces and no evidence that demand to be answered before any government actions are taken. Do the research. Its out there.

Feinstein needs to hop on her broom and fly back to Mexifornia and fight to have English made the third official language behind Spanish and Chinese.

what about all the money she made due to insider trading when is she going to be investigated ?Don't you think Feinstein and Pelosi look a lot alike.

Where does this put Feinstein? In the category of insanity. Even the libs didn't like the whole idea of an outright ban. She is the poster child for term limits. How she has been able to get re-elected so many times boggles the mind and truly makes you wonder just who her constituents are like. This is why this country is the way it is today. People don't vet the people they vote for anymore than they would decide on which pair of shoes they're going to wear if they only had one pair.

In other words - I finally realized that if I pushed this any further it would probably be the end of my political career, so I'll back off now.

These skummbbagg, ex-ambulance chasing, lawyerpolitician pukes, will chip away at Gun Rights whenever and wherever they can. The complete disarming of America and total control is precisely what they are after. Yeah, yeah, I know, the majority of you think that these pukes are our friends, but they are not. We The People no longer have representation in todays government.Arm Yourselves now.

Everyone will be watching to see what left wing nuts want to violate the second amendment in a knee jerk reaction to recent killings.  Then we can vote them all out and get people in that support the US Constitution and don't just make up their own.  Did anyone of these propose laws that would institutionalize people know to be a threat to the community?  How about letting family members report someone like that forcing a psych evaluation and then a hearing before a judge.  Oh thats right, we don't want to address the REAL ISSUE, just violate the constitution.  It will cost millions in law suits if it passes, so remember who votes for it, save yourselves millions and vote them out next time around.

awww poor Dianne.....

Is anyone surprised??  Wether you are a supporter or not, deep down inside you knew the Democrats were putting on a show.  They used this subject to demonize the NRA and the Republicans.  You cannot trust politicians.

If my dog was that ugly I would shave his #$%$ and make him walk backwards.

The democrats typically use very liberal definitions for terms like "assault rifle."  They want everyone to think it is the same as a military rifle.  Simply, it is not. But using the term gets those who don't pay attention to rally 'round.

Watch for the FINE PRINT at the bottom!!The Democrat elites have been misusing the term "assault rifle". If only they finally realized that fully-automatic machine guns (aka assault rifles) are ALREADY controlled. Unfortunately, their goal remains to prohibit SEMI-Auto rifles as a first step along the road to confiscation of all firearms.If we NRA members seem inflexible on matters regarding the Second Amendment, it's because we understand the Left Wing agenda. It relies upon incrementalism, as it chips away at freedom. Compromise with the Left means loss of liberty.

What's a magazine clip? Good grief!

This must have royally PO’d old Freakinstein.

Wow, nice slap in the face on this old cow. If she could just focus her energy into balancing the budget in California and shut her pie hole, our Country would be a much better place.

Even as an amendment, an "assault weapon" ban will never fly.  This is nothing more than political posturing by the Democrats...After all, their constituents said "do something."

Assault bans won't be in Dems gun bill....After all the arguing and fighting that's been going on recently to ban assault weapons and it basically came down to much ado about nothing? What was the point?

the the (Assault) rifle they speak of was not used in the Connecticut shooting it was only found in Lanza's car, come on media get it right. Assault is not a weapon but action committed by somebody.

It either was an assault weapon or it wasn't. There's no such thing as an "assault type" weapon. BTW,when I was a kid I cherished my "Hopalong Cassidy" dual revolvers and holsters. I'm now 73 and to my recollection,I haven't even shot anyone in all that time.

Her best was her worst,watch this old crow,she will try to add an amendment some how////

Diane Frankenstein is a fool of the first order.This issue though touted as a my team vs your team issue (dems vspubs) has never been a political one. Sorry, it goes deeper and the press and some of our leaders have tried their best to convince you otherwise.So tell me then. Since this is one issue that hits a little closer home, and some disagree this time with him; How does it feel to have one member of the senate dictating what will be debated, possibly comoromised on and what won't?  Reid has prevented debate, prevented compromise and in large part stopped anything that could break this stalemate on may issues. The guy thinks hes on the supreme court, not the senate. Think about it. He is exercising way too much power.

Reid blinked.

It is time to show the politicians they are elected to serve the people not rule the people.

afraid of '14 midterm

When it comes to Lefties, it's Green, Gay, or Guns? They like the letter "G"?

Hey Dianne, with all due respect, go eat another donut.

Feinsack knew she'd be thrown under the bus by her party if she floated this vigorously.  She's back under her rock.

The old bag from California loses this round.  Freedom 1 Government 0

Does she realize yet that Cruz was trying to help her  probably not

No assault weapon ban? Didn't think so....They will keep trying though....

the definition of an 'assault' weapon? every weapon, even a knife, vehicle etc...a gun is either --- automatic or semi-       and a comptent user can swith the clip fast so # of bullets don't really matter there. But she and the ones that propose these changes, they have weapons/protection , you? So while waiting for police after 911 call and a responsible person, a gun CAN save your life

$$$ buys the Dems.and the beady eyed Reid.

Any politician not in support of the second, does not support the constitution or America. Vote them out of office, there is a reason behind their corruption.

I've been saying it all along. This is not a political issue though some of the libs and most of the press have tried to portray it that way. This is an American issue that goes much deeper than politics and it shows.

About time Harry Reid did something good!Next, pass a Budget (which hasn't happened since BHO got in).

Long story short, they intend to  take as much as they can now and come back to it later, its how you lose all rights over time, a little at a time. Kinda like jobs, all these laws they passed over the years taking them away a little more over time and then it hits you.....where are all the good jobs? Then they add more laws and taxes and then you realize in 2014 is only 29 hour a week jobs and your penalized for it

If Feinstein wants to find things to ban why not start with her old stomping grounds San Francisco and make it illegal for a man to walk down the street naked and show off his nads to children.

America will survive another attempt of communist takeover.  Later, much later feinstein.

Now is not the time to become complacent, we have to stay on the Senate and get the rest of this bill killed…I do NOT believe Feinstein. she will Back Door the Bill.

Be worried about the U.S. being complicit in the U.N. weapons ban because that's the way they are trying to go.  This gun ban is meant to take our eyes off the ball the ball isn't here its at the U.N.  Once our politicians contrive something with the U.N. and they allow foreign troop on U.S. soil to enforce the ban is when there is going to be a problem.  Can it happen, will they give up U.S Sovereignty to enforce weapons bans?  Who knows just exactly what these goons are up to?

Glad to see gun bans going down in smoke. Just because tragedies happen does not mean you can infringe on the rights of others. Make sure the culprit pays and leave the rest of us alone.

Diane, if you want to make society more safe, how about dealing with the real problem?  MENTAL HEALTH OF OUR SOCIETY!  There are many people out there that need help and are only having pills shoved down their throats and we wonder why they snap.

If Dianne and Harry do ban my so called assault weapons( I haven't assaulted anyone) I will like many law abiding citizens then become a criminal. Once this happens I invite Harry and Dianne to come and attempt to take them from me personally , please bring your double barrel shotgun.

is Feinstein still smarter than a 6th grader?

What's a matter with Diane in this pictures.  didn't she get anything when she legally went hunting for humans.  what an idiot.  and people wonder why nothing gets done in washington!!!

Stock up now, this is about American Citizen Control, and the Government is already preparing.

Get it right an assault weapon was NOT used in Newtown that was a media pipe dream it was in his vehicle. Why do they keep playing the wrong song. Hundreds of assault vehicles were used last month by drunk drivers to kill innocent people!

Diane Feinstein, another prime example of the dire need for term limits in Congress also!NO 2 GUN GRABBERS!

our 2nd amendment wins!

LOL...they must have seen the votes falling away...everything these idiots do is for a vote not the people!!

Diane LIESTEIN Who until the Day She Got into Congress and HAS SECURITY Carried Gun In HER Purse What a Piece of Work. Now That I has Protection I don't Need to Be Pro Gun. Fire Her and Obama With His If WE Can Save Even ONE LIFE So Called Assault Ban Should Be Enacted. Now Don't any of My Brain Dead Liberal Think about the NOW 6 MILLION BABIES THAT HAVE BEEN ABORTED JUST SINCE I TOOK OFFICE. But If We Can Save Even One Live Baby I am ALL over that. Barrack Insane Obama and Miss LIESTEIN. Go F  Yourselves and the Democratic Donkey's you Both Rode In On. By The Way Miss LIESTEIN How Does one Become Filthy Stinking Rich Like You Did on a Senators Salary .

This tragedy is not the fault of the gun or the bullet...its a sad sack bunch of people that need help and the people around them are not allowed to ask and those that need it dont know where to turn....no sane person would ever give up their 2nd amendment right for these loosers ......especially while the liberals are wanting to play their gun game and thats all it is...POLITICS...POLITITIONS DONT EVEN TRY TO TAKE THE GUNS FROM LAW ABIDING CITIZENS THAT CHOOSE TO OWN THEM....I dont but am thinking about it ...these LIBS are scaring me....

How about including an anti- Feinstein / Pelosi bill?

this article is balone...the conn. event did not involve the use of an assault type tool...but AP wouldnt try to mislead us would they?

Diane looks so friggin' old in that photo!  Methuselah!

Our government is monumentally hypocritical. Our government maintains enough weapons to kill every living thing on the planet. We have killed thousands of people of late with the said weapons, many of whom were innocents in wars of an unjustified nature, and we continue to do so. I, for one, want my gun to help dissuade government tyranny.  It can happen here.

Great photo of Feinstein...she almost looks like she's still alive.Bet that filled up the old hag's Depends!

HEY,  DIANE FRANKENSTEIN AND HAIRY REED; SOMETIMES THE ANSWER IS BITING YOU IN THE BUTT!!Why is it that none of the disturbed and evil men, who steal guns, then go and kill movie-goers and children in school, has ever been identified as a conservative NRA member?Ft  Hood ~~ Registered Democrat ~  Muslim!Columbine ~~~ Too young to vote;  both families were registered Democrats and progressive liberals!Virginia Tech ~~~ Wrote hate mail to President Bush and to his staff ~ Registered Democrat!Colorado Theater ~~~  Registered Democrat; staff worker on the Obama campaign; Occupy Wall  Street participant; progressive liberal!Connecticut School Shooter --- Registered Democrat;  hated Christians!Common thread is that all of these shooters were progressive liberal Democrats!Do you see a pattern here? INTERESTING, isn't it?Maybe we should outlaw Democrats!

Feinstein and all politicians need to understand, we the people do not want to be controlled by the government. You are there to speak FOR us, not to speak at us or tell us what is good for us.

Elections are coming in 2014 and Harry Reid knows that if he supports this bill he is gone as most Democarats. Even in Colorado they will vote them out.

Feinstein has always been a worthless liberal cxnt.She and the rest of these liberals have turned California into an economic  disaster harboring illegals and promoting sinceless laws for votes and replacing the money people leaving because of tax hikes.California's infrastructure will be the same as Mexico's in 10 years all because of politicians like this sorry bitxh Feinstein.Complete waste of good air.

Both Reid and Feinstein are too Old for their Job! It should be more about the people not the gun. Think about it, when car accident happened, put the gulty person or the car in jail?

Is it me or what if Sandy Hook hadn't happen would the Democrats still be trying to push this #$%$ on the public?

Southern California should secede from the North. The South is held hostage by the North.

Look at that face. What a weapon that is. UGH!!

Looks like Reid may be smarter than an airedale dog after all, You know smarter that he looks.Dog and Pony show.....typical congress

Feinstein is like Barbara Boxer, very arrogant, condescending and impressed with themselves. I almost fell out of my chair when she bragged about her 20 years as a Senator and thought that's about 10 years too long. I wish there were term limits on these people.

but a former astronaut can go buy one, mmm go figure

Baby steps. Baby steps to registration/confiscation. Politicians are as trustworthy as a mad rattlesnake.

Feinstein's cheese has slid off her cracker !!!

Anyone that can't see that the Left are the true enemies of the Constitution is blind.

Alleged massacre in Sandy Hook, sorry, until complete evidence is released to scrutinize, it can only be an alleged event.  I won't believe anything the government tells me, and only half of what the government presents as evidence, 90 days is a long time to complete a cover up.

The damage is done. AR-15 will be so high priced for the next several years people will opt for other types of weapons. The govt also has contracted to purchase practically ever round of ammo the major manufacturers can produce for the next several years. Homeland security alone contracted to purchase 1.4 billion rounds. To put that into perspective, our entire military (including boot camp training) uses 5.5 million rounds per month (at the height of the Iraqi war, less on a regular bases); therefore if homeland security had the same number of personnel as our military (it only has a fraction) and it was to train and go to war like our military....it would take HLS 30 years to use the ammo it has purchased. There is a VERY limited amount of ammo making it to retailers for sale to the public and this will be the case until this contract is fulfilled. The govt has essentially turned our firearms into rocks and clubs....we have no ammo.

we will still vote out every democrat in 2014 because you can not trust them if they get back in, they have there nose so far up Obama,s #$%$ they can not see day light.

Looks like the wicked witch of the West is dead.Feinstein needs to retire and just fade away! No one will have positive memories of this Nazi Democrat!

So after months of grandstanding the Democrats had a "Come to Jesus Moment" and decided the cornerstone of their efforts wouldn't fly?  Who are these idiots?

Profession - Democratic Party Elite United States Senator Representing the Little Guy and Downtrodden And The Now Bankrupt State of California2012 Net Worth - 70 Million DollarsDate of Birth - Jun 22, 1933Nicknames - Dianne Goldman Berman Feinstein, Dianne Emiel Goldman, Dianne Feinstein, Dianne FeinsteinHeight - 1.78 mRace - JewishCountry - United States of AmericaIn 2009, Dianne Feinstein introduced legislation to route $25 billion in taxpayer money to a government agency that had just awarded her husband’s real estate firm a lucrative contract to sell foreclosed properties at compensation rates higher than the industry norms.Mrs. Feinstein’s intervention on behalf of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. was unusual: the California Democrat wasn't a member of the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs with jurisdiction over FDIC; and the agency is supposed to operate from money it raises from bank-paid insurance payments - not direct federal dollars.Now it's clear to even her avid past supporters she has no ethnics or morals at all. The so-called "Assault Weapons Ban" legislation were a smokescreen designed to distract from her outrageous financial improprieties that all American's really have had enough of. She represents exactly what's wrong in Washington. Cashing in while 50 million American's are living on food stamps and so many more who don't even know if they will have a job or even a place to live next week.

But would the ban have included her armed guards?

Vote them all out!

How many aborted children will be saved by a gun or magazine ban? NONE!!!! Thousands of unborn children will die while progressive politicians ignore it!

Cruz/Carson 2016

Remember this is all about the Newtown shootings in Connecticut. A ban would not have stopped this, because Connecticut  already has an "assault weapons" ban."This is a discussion on Connecticut already has an assault weapons ban within the General part of the Main Category category; Sec. 53-202c. Possession of assault weapon is prohibited. It is a Class D felony."Proof a ban does not stop anything, as people with common sense say.

FrankenFeinstein and Pelosi give CA a bad name. Just listened to Pelosi on the radio talk about her support for the Iraq war 10 years ago, along with Biden, Clinton, and many others. They knew just as much as Bush did- they just have somehow managed to pass the blame to him for the war...

Maybe she should be spending our time and money on finding out WHY the triggers on these weapons are being pulled?!?!Harry's reading the tea leaves.  He isn't willing to give up the democratic majority  over gun laws.

Freedom shall live to see another day.

No Gun Control legislation passed in the Liberal Senate will ever pass the U. S. House.

an assault rifle was NOT used at newtown! i guess if the libtards say it enough, it will be true. shame on the moron writing this story for NOT reporting the truth

The rest of the Democrats knew that her plan was a sure loser both in the congress and with the law abiding public.

Better enforcement on current laws, better background checking, stricter penalties for those who buy and sell for illegal trafficking... good ideas.Banning anything.... useless. Glad to see someone came to their senses.

Though the banning of 150 plus weapons and magazine restrictions were taken out of this new legislation , registration and tracking is still in it , the battle may have been won but the war is far from over. Call your legislatures let them know how you feel about registration.

How much time and taxpayers money have been spent this time around just to prove once again THE OBVIOUS ! Bans don't work... It is just easier to legislate against hardware than people with lawyers. These libs just continue to amaze me with their supidity.

we still have to vote those who backed this anti gun #$%$ out of office,because if they try it once they will try again and feinstein will keep trying to slip her antigun bills into other bills and if she attaches any of her ideas on to a backround bill it must be defeated!!!

Perhaps all of this insane panic buying of guns and panic hoarding of ammo will slacken off and prices begin to reurn to normal?  Panic buying and panic hoarding hurts all of us.Look at this old woman telling the american people how to run their lives.

Poor Dianne, is she smarter than a 6th Grader? She needs to go just like Pelosi and Boxer all from California. Always wanting something that will penalize the all the honest people instead of attacking the problems that created this in the first place.

Politicians, stop with the gun grabbing and the attempts to ban abortion.  You have way more important issues to work on, get back to work.

Might as well play it safe and remove any democrat we can from congress in 2013. That way maybe we won’t have a continuous assault on the 2nd Amendment. The bonus to that is obie will go NUTS….

Feinstein - an ENEMY of the United States.

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown,"  NO IT WASN'T!  Look it up! hand gun. The AR was not used.

Vote out any and all who infringe on our Second Amendment rights!

It is about time someone shut down Dianne Feinstein on her obsessive personal quest to misuse her official position, in an attempt to deny people their 2nd Amendment Constitutional rights.

gosh is feinstein ugly she and pelosi need face lifts...but then they have such an ugly agenda which it to take all guns from americans,and more taxes,just yesterday i bought some fishing stuff and they have now put a medical device tax courtesy of obamacare on this fishing stuff..when will americans wake up to the lie and tax dumbocrat party led by barrack and hillary clinton..who will  not tell the truth about libya

Our country can't come close to balancing a budget, we're supposedto rely on them to do effective background checks to protect ourchildren? Really?The hype served its purpose of firing up the Democrat left-wing faithful.

WE WILL VOTE U OUT

GO LEARN 2 KNIT

GUNS "R" U.S.

On November 11, 1938, the Nazi Minister of the Interior, Wilhelm Frick, passed Regulations Against Jews' Possession of Weapons. This regulation effectively deprived all Jews of the right to possess firearms or other weapons.

GUN BUY BACK EXPLAINED .... Participating in a gun buy back because you believe that the criminals have too many guns, is like having yourself castrated because you believe the neighbors have too many kids.

We have too many laws already, most average citizens don't know a third of them.

How about a BAN ON LIFETIME POLITICIANS?

Fienstein and the rest of the Dems should know by now that it's a bad idea to fight the Constitution.

All Reid wants is to be re-elected!  Feinstein is just like Pelousy, neither of them are in touch with reality.  The real problem is Congress does not support the Constitution and certainly does not do what is best for their employers, We the People!Why do all of these old hags that have a face lift have that "I am dumb as tish" look in the eyes?

Headline: NEW HAVEN, Conn. — Applications for gun permits have jumped in Newtown since the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre, which sparked a renewed debate about stricter gun control laws and a surge in gun sales around the country due to worries about new limits.We don't need more regulation...We need enforcement of the laws we have.

Make no mistake about this person.  She is heavily armed with guns, she even has a carry permit.  And she has bodyguards.

I am not a member of the NRA nor do I own a firearm but I do own a small business and I have a feeling none of this will end good if enacted and enforced. I believe it will trigger the beginning of one of the darkest days in our history as this will only escalate and spread rapidly to involve other issues which seems to have frustrated many,many Americans.This country is to divided for something terrible not to happen. That's my personal opinion anyway.

In another 20 years, all these old guard, foolish 'politicians' will be dead or in nursing homes.

Arrogant Twit!

Nobody needs a trebuchet with a boom length over 16 feet!

Keep it up democrats. Push for more and more gun control. Run roughshod over the constitution to satisfy your irrational gun control ideology. Remember what happened to the congressional democrats in 1994? They lost control of congress (both houses) and it was partially blamed on their push for gun control and assault weapons ban at the time. Hopefully that's what 2014 will look like.

For the LAST time! THERE WAS NO ASSAULT WEAPON USED AT NEWTOWN! That has got to be the oldest and biggest  lie ever told other than Obama is legally president of the US!

california must go away.take note Frankenstein- you're the minority, not the majority. the Constitution wins, again.

One step in the right direction. FREEDOM!!!!!!!!!!!

"increase federal penalties for illegal gun trafficking"This is the type of thing on which the Democrats should be focusing.  Increasing the penalties and jail time for committing gun-related crimes.  And then keep these people off the streets.  Leave the law-abiding gun owners out of this witch hunt.

It's time for the state of California to break off the end of the country and float somewhere a long ways away.    The truth of it is that the U.S. would be a much better country almost immediately.

OBUMMER IS A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR POS

"Having a separate vote on assault weapons might free moderate Democratic senators facing re-election next year in Republican-leaning states to vote against the assault weapons measure, but then support the remaining overall package of gun curbs."Votes, NOT the voter is what counts.Vote for the upholding of the Constitution or face dismissal in 2014.

Moderate Democrats wouldn't back the ban.  Guess that means it was the radical Democrats that were backing it.

Feinstein's eyes have a crazy look !  Looking into someones eyes tells alot about a person.

The American left, they called themselves Progressives back then, sang Hitler's praises. From Joseph Kennedy (Teds' dad) to Time Magazine, New York Times, on and on, they admired him, Margaret Sanger ( of Planned Parenthood Fame, set up to control the black population) inspired Hitlers Eugenic and abortion program.

DON'T fret- this goal is also in the democrats ultimate do play book just like universal healthcare-they will do this sometime, remember this every time you vote for one of them.If you dont think your voice doesnt matter, IT DOES. Al this wasted time that on this and for a change the WE THE PEOPLE won one. California voters nust vote her ouy not back in. I hope the American people woke up. Now one down, and time to get this out of control spending stopped. BAN Feinstine, and tell Mark Kelly stop exploiting your wife......

SHE'S A HIPOCRIT - Keeps 24-7 well armed security personal protecting her old prune backside. Paid for by the Gun Owning Tax Payers....She's typical liberal socialist trash.

F off #$%$.

Time to retire Diane, you look a bit lost. Go out gracefully; old age happens to everyone and you've reached your limit.

The headline should read: "Dems gun grab measure fails in the Senate"  Even when they fail the media sugar coats it.

Hmmm I thought the person who squeezed the trigger was the problem after all no weapon discharges by itself

I can't wait for the Colorado Vote in 2014! I think the Liberals are in for a rude awakening!

I say we get rid of all the old fossils like Feinstein!!

FREEDOM ONE, dems ZERO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Leftist always side with the evil ones, at the expense of the victims. They are so anxious to protect the "rights" of foreign terrorist, or the "rights" of illegal aliens, or the assailants over the assault victims, while trampling citizens rights.OWEbama paid lip service to Sandy, Sandy Hook, the budget and the deficit and is going out of the back door!

I feel assaulted every time I have to look at Diane Frankestein's face. That is one ugly man.

They're communists, and it cannot be denied!

They separated the bill because they knew that they could not get the gun ban so they hope to get the high capacity magazine ban through but it won't work. The universal back ground check is just a scheme to register guns so I don't think it will fly. They will pass the illegal trafficking and school security money.

“I believe in the Second Amendment. I will not take your shotgun away. I will not take your rifle away. I won’t take your handgun away." -Barack Obama, 2008

"The War on Guns"?Is that anything like the War on Drugs?

We need more laws because we don't have any people, time, or resources to enforce the ones presently on the books.. Just ask Joker Biden

If the Dems get their wish of limits on the 2nd Amendment,  what's to stop them from seeking limits on the rest of the Bill of Rights?  All for our safety,  of course.

There is a sole objective in all the gun-ban nonsense: that is to get a thorough-going gun/gunowner federal registry in place for the feds to rely on to know who has what.  From there, it is a simple set of steps to declare martial law over some real crisis or a manufactured one, then send in law enforcement and the military to kick down doors, rip up homes and buildings, and CONFISCATE the fire arms of lawful citizens. (Criminals, terrorists, nutsos can keep theirs).A disarmed populace is a slave populace.

I kind of feel bad for all of these State Liberals/progressives that jumped on the anti gun bandwagon, maybe they should have waited to see what Heir Feinstein and Reid were going to do before they committed political suicide.......Key words "assault style weapons"!!!  Thus, you can't have guns that look mean, but no special illegal capability?? This is just window dressing and smoke and mirrors!! Typical Democrats in action.

Our biggest threat is Congress. Let's ban them.

Interesting!  Would love to have been a fly on the wall when repulsive reid was working behind closed doors.

DiFi go F yourself. Freedom reigns.

Feinstein was well aware there would not be an Carbine ban - there is no such thing as an Assault Weapon per the Military, ATF and FBI. She did this for campaign contributions and appearances only.She also did nothing to encourage or support mental healthcare reform. None of these bottom feeding politicians care about the deaths of children or the mass murders by the criminally insane. They are in it for votes and contributions.If you think other-wise you are a foolish, foolish sheep.

Ban Ugly Democrats!

Harry Reid and the Dems sure are wanting to trample on our 2nd Amendment!  Thanks Republicans for standing strong against them!

These guys need someone tailing them 24/7...

How about banning botox?

The one proposal that truly would never stop any sort of crime.  These weapons are nothing more then dressed up hunting rifles for idiots who want to spend a lot of money to look like they are bad #$%$ and make up for other serious inadequacies.this is the first time i have agreed with harry reid!

Less gov't and more liberty.

ban COMMUNIST

Criminals don't obey laws.

they waste so much time on this #$%$ and it isn't going to do damn f'ing thing.  let at our senate at work people.  look at how they get paid big bucks.

these fools in washington are there to do as the people want but they seem to think they can do what they want especially fienstien she needs to go ca. residents need to grow a set and get rid of her now before its too late

It's DOA in the house anyway. Thanks to the dems for showing their willingness to violate the 2nd Amendment once again. Hopefully Americans will pull their heads out of their rear ends next election.

well DAMN O CRAPS can still BAN FIENDstein showing her/ its UGLY face in public = MANDATE #$%$ wear a brown paper bag over its face....oh wait a minute did its pants fall down (again) or is this ITS face??

Once again there was no assualt weapon used at the newtown shooting.

Go to hell you old hag!!!What a joke. So much noise from the democratic kooks. Hard to believe they are so dumb.

Too late!! Now everyone has seen the TRUE agenda of the democrats. Vote 'em out in 2014 &amp; 2016

The RIGHT to bear arms SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED UPON !!! (P)ISS OFF FINE SWINE ~!

If one vote would include a limit of ten rounds per magazine, what does high capacity mean?

OBUMMER HATES THE CONSTITUTION we must not let him destroy it once destroyed we will never get it back and Obummer will destroy us.

HAHA.. the Libs and Dems talk a good game, but once they realized their constituents would not vote for them next time around if they continued to press a ban on "assault style" rifles, they fold up like a wet tissue... spineless!2nd Amendment is there for a reason, to protect the US citizens from the corrupt gov't! (liberal and conservative)

google : all federal gun laws are unconstitutional

and well it shouldn't be part of anything..it's sad for what happened,but these goofy representatives need to stop going all willy nilly over it...

out of one side of their mouths they speak about giving rights to immigrants and gays for marriage, and the other side they speak about taking rights away from law abiding US citizens. These two faced politicians!

Only thing in that gun control bill should be an apology for getting caught trying to take away our rights and getting caught at it. Instead just few more laws to help do away with them and then next time few more until someday you may actully take away 2nd ammendment rights. Has anyone heard the truth that military guns are designed to wound not kill cause financial harm to the enemy plus takes someone to remove them from the battle field. Hunting rifles and ammo are designed to kill.Hmmm...Dianne carries a gun yet can't understand why she can't pass a gun ban bill.

FEINSTEIN - GO AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

It is more about winning political battles instead of doing what is right, legal and constitutional.

time for her to go home and learn how to do real work.

Feinstein is not ready to give up her bodyguards with AK-47s and high capacity magazines.

Dianne Poopstain is a bed wetting Communist of the worst order.

Diane made many mistakes pretending to know all about guns and rifles, and used the "first hand experience" line too many times.....Cruz fed her to the lions and she used the OLD CARD on him, stating she's been in Congress since toast was invented.......

THAT should take the air out of Feinstein's sails.

I have a feeling old Harry is going to try to be slick about this but it won't work.  Still I wonder because when they show you what they are doing it's because they don't want you to see what they're really doing.

Feinstein and Ried = Dumb and Dumberthis women should be voted out shes been in there way too long

Too bad they can't "Ban" Feinstien, we need her about as much as we need another gun law.

IN "GUNS" WE TRUST

Time for Harry The Bagman to start the bribes like Obamacare; Dem Sen Ben Nelson $100 million for a yes vote, etc....

Did all you gougers read that? Shame on you for taking advantage of idiots paniced by the damned media.

How many pathetic, liberal, socialists do we have to accept from California before we can tell the entire state that they have been seceded? They mis-manage their budget and get money from the other 49 states. They pass laws to prevent the arrest of illegal immigrants so they can become a 'sanctuary state', but Federal dollars pays for the Medicaid and Welfare for the criminal invaders.

The only thing worse than a Liberal is a Liberal Jew.

"Assault weapons ban won't be in Dem's bill" and per Harry Reid it is the republicans' fault.  Way to cover your butt.

For all the mis information the Dems could muster, the only outcome is this:Nothing...they get and deserve nothing at all.Should have been fixing the economy, but they cant, so all this is just a distraction.

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that revived gun control as a top issue in Washington. Banning those firearms was among the proposals President Barack Obama made in January in response to those slayings."Check your facts, pistols were used in the school, the assault weapon was in the trunk of the car.Tobacco kills more than 1000 people a day just in the US, and this crazy beyotch is worried about ammo capacity....figures....

Even her own dims won't vote for it. Guess there is a far-left line the dims won't cross. Not yet anyway.

A major score for freedom!

Dianne Feinstein I hope someday you realize that you have spent a large portion of your life trying  to take rights and freedoms from law abiding citizens and that through your actions America is less free then it was before you swore to protect our constitution.  Your choice to act on your personal feelings instead of protecting our freedoms is shameful and I truly feel bad for you.

An election year is just around the corner.

Freedom-1 Feinstein-0Looking for a blowout on this one!

Ms. Fienstein, along with her co-horts, should stop wasting tax payer dollars talking up these issues, knowing full well that she and her cohorts lack any spine.

Wackjob politicians soo out of touch with reality. Sad.

Feinstein has sucked of the gov't tit for far too long; its time for her to go and bring in new blood.

Sorry Dianne, go sell crazy somewhere else, BTW, the mag capacity isn't going to pass either!SHE'S A HIPOCRIT - She admitted to legaly caring a semi-automatic handgun concealed all her life. Until she became Senator, and the State of California provided her 24-7 personal armed security.....This old prune is a typical lieing Liberal Socialist

Is this old hosebag ever gonna shut the hell up and enforce whats already on the books?

our good old democrats-they see loosing many votes in the next electionso old harry will change his tune--it's all about the votes!!!

So a pistol is now an assault rifle, puff a magic pistol that turns itself into a assault rifle. How about the real problem of the human element being defective. His mother paid a price for not getting him care and 20 young children were dead because of it.

Senator Feinstein, Your bill should never go to a vote. The whole idea is in violation of the constitution, and your actions therefore are treasonous. The American people do not support you despite the lies and distortions forced on us by your willing accomplices in the media.This great nation was founded on the principles of freedom, liberty and a belief that all men are created equal, in your twenty years of service you have divided Americans and fought to remove the rights and freedoms given to us by our creator and defended with the blood and treasure of patriots. You are a disgrace to all who have come before you.The American people will always be a proud Free people.

Whew!  I thought I was going to have to buy a gun.  Now that this has come about, I feel relieved.  I really don't won't a gun, but, the threatened ban on our 2nd Amendment Rights was really pushing me to buy one!

ooooo, the price of fredom is eternal vigilance, whoever said that is right on. !!!

Why ban assault weapons? There's only 20 million of em already out there. Gun violence needs to be curtailed but it seems to me that neither side has a clear idea of how to do it. Until you figure it out, can I have a job please.

Feinstein holds the chairmanship of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, where she oversees the nation’s 16 intelligence agencies. Explains a lot. Feinstein heads intelligence in Congress. How did that happen?

The rest of this bill is just bad bad bad.  We need Democrats and Republicans to stand together against this pared down bill too!  It's just an overton window.  Make us think the worst is about to happen, so when it doesn't we'll accept the lesser of two evils.  It's time to say no to any bill proposed!What's the real reason Reid? Oh wait I know what it is.. Politics. Even though you want a ban, you are spineless and will not stand for something. Win or Loose stand for something! Nope Reid won't put it on the floor for debate because just like after her first Assault Weapons Ban, the dems paid a heafty price in elections. So these A-holes would rather not stand up for a belief if it means loosing votes and this is why our politicians suck!

Mr Obama if we put the constitution on a teleprompter will you read it ??

Wrong!!!! An assault weapon was not used in the Newtown Connecticut shooting. The AR-15 was found in the killers car, in the parking lot, but not used in the shootings. The police reported that the day after the shootings, that it was present, but not used. Then nothing else mentioned about it NOT BEING USED because thinking it was helps feed public fear and support for a weapons ban.

[[ ~~ P.R.O.U.D.~~]] NRA-Member !!

I'll bet DiFi is livid but you will never know.  Then left has let it be known all along that this is too volatile with many of them up for re-election.  Too bad DiFi couldn't get the message but it does again show just dedicated some in the Democratic party are to get our guns.  This should also demonsrtate to the country the stupidity of Washington that rushed into this to be able to show that "they were doing something" about a nonexistant problem.  As always its more about style than substance.

I will still POOOO on her grave some day. She discussed me. Fienstien can't wait to read your OB some day. My vacation is planned you old coot. Read every word of this. Because it is how every word out of your mouth sounds to me.

boy she sho iz da uglee onez

Now we have to make sure Ozbama does't sign an agreement withe the U.N. They are, after all, as corrupt as the punk president is.

Can't we just ban Feinstein and call it a day?

Suc my butt feinstein, you old hagFeinstein has been through a lot, remember when she got shot in the face, oh wait, she just looks like she did.

What reid really meant is he will not bring it to a vote because he doesn't want everybody to know what democrats support this POS bill, with the 2014 elections coming up.  Bring it to a vote dingy harry, the people deserve to know who is for and against it.

oh go away already you old hag

They want to blame the GOP when in reality it's the conservative Dems in "Red" states that are more likely to block the legislation as they have the most to lose.

We need an age limit and an I Q test on these senators. This woman is too old and senile to be a senator in charge of defending the constitution she don't have sense enough to understand. Enough of her. Put her in an old folks museum in a straight jacket now!!!!!!!!!!!!

Whack job's bill isn't even to the full Senate yet, Final Score NRA 1, diane Z-E-R-O. All you libs pushin' for a take away, how's that Demorrhoid Team workin' for 'ya?

Maybe Feinstein does need to be lectured,seems she's not as smart as she thinks she is.She jumped the gun (pun intended) when putting this together and she is NOT as smart as she thinks.It's going to take someone much smarter than Feinstein to get a gun control bill passed.....good luck all you stupid democrats.It takes more than parading out children and having Obama give a little speech,a lot more to get this passed.

Lots of soiled underwear across commieland...

Reid is no leader.

YES! PROUD TO BE NRA!Don't be fooled by this theater. The Dems are not losing sight of a ban, they are just trying a different avenue. Dems can be read like cheap novels.

Mark this day down...March 19, 2013...the day someone in Washington used some common sense. I have said it once and will say it a million times...you can't blame inanimate objects for the actions of criminals.

I'm keeping my guns and all my magazines! What part of shall not be infringed are you not getting??

Failure to come to any sort of a compromise on yet another piece of legislation. Gridlocked to the point uselessness. Why don't they all go on extended recess and not collect their paychecks?

Hopefully there Illegal Alien AMNESTY BILL!.Will meet the same fate!.Unless it helps make them leave!,and stop comming!.

kill the bill and just enforce the laws on the books now, we in a degenerating society so taking guns from law abiding citizen will not reduce murderers. We have a deeply rooted spiritual problem not a fire arms problem.

To bad the Senate couldn't have put that much energy into a non-budget for 3 years running...

The real damage is being done at the state level.  Colorado is already losing jobs as gun manufacturers move shop, New York is butting heads with the courts to see how much control it can impose (for both guns and sugary drinks), etc.  I'm relatively confident that the Senate and House can hold the line and stop any major federal infringement on 2A, but you've got to start pressuring your politicians at the state level as well.

Has anyone (i'm talking to you liberals also) notice the lack of ammunition in stores... Why is this, the manufactures cannot keep up! Gee has the patriots of America become the new minuteman and women? It is painfully obvious that finstien and obama jr. fear law abiding Americans. Why,because they can backup their vote. And it would appear many states and law enforcement agencies will not enforce unconstitutional demands labeled as laws. Sorry obama jr. but you cannot follow your fathers dreams, not in America.

They thought about the ban, reason to vote them out.Feinstien also is back door promoting the closure of the largest off road recreation area in california.

I don't trust these people at all. They will try and pull something over a holiday weekened. Feinstein needs to go and take that little clown Boxer with her. California is imploding financially and doing retro taxes, she should be working on that!

As long as the uninformed law makers and media continue to say an AR-15 is an assault rifle, lawmakers cannot make any rational bill.

C137 after C137 have been flying in for a couple of weeks now and the news just happens to mention that California is reinforcing our anti-missile system; while, she is still babbling about a GUN? Is she out of her mind? She is LOST N SPACE !

Feinstein needs to get on her broom, and we will see the ol' witch again next Halloween.

HMMM, isn't this interesting? Dems turning on Dems!

"The second would just be on prohibiting the high-capacity magazine clips." - Please DEFINE what would be considered as "HIGH-CAPACITY" on this back-door bill?

Funny i have carried an M16/M4 in Panama , Somalia and Iraq and the only people who have ever feared me were Drug Lords, Warlords and Dictators you better start asking yourselves which of these this administration represents........

Now, She can go and take remedial "U.S. History/ U.S. Constitution Class" at the Sixth Grade Level.

Its cheap to buy a Democrats integrity and principals. The moderate Democrats sold out to get re-elected.  What's wrong, you didn't believe what the media was fabricating, that most Americans are for this gun ban?  LMAO!Freedom wins another round from would-be tyrants.

Let's see one of the shooters stood in court with a t-shirt that had KILLER printed on it and this Wizard and congress still thinks it's was because of a certain type of Gun. Put them all in a rest home where reality doesn't matter.

When Diane Feinstein, the democrats and all of the media waste our time for two months, I sure wish we could just fire them!

The gun-control mantra is get what you can and eventually you will have all the guns. I guess that stackable magazines will have to be invented if the capacity reduction gets through and passed in the House. The background check is a chicken and egg senario. You can check all purchasers twice and not reduce the number of mentally challenged with weapons if there isn't a registration policy available to cover this. Is any of this in her proposal? I think not.

Look at the mug on that chick.

Harry can go to hell

feinstein is trapped in a sixties time warp with her mrs cleaver hair-do and goodwill wool coat. its no wonder her ideas are lame. she may be able to afford personal security without owning a gun but i can't. gun control isn't about guns. its about control and the last person i need messing with my 2nd amendment rights is this old, obsolete leftist.

DON'T TRUST ANYTHING THEY SAY.....There are more instances of the abridgment of the freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments of those in power than by violent and sudden usurpations.James Madison

As silly as it sounds, these power hungry politicians never give up.

This old hag owes us $20 million in wasted tax payer money.The 2nd Amendment wasn't put in place for hunters or artists or wool cap Ozombie punks, it was put there to defend the 1st Amendment.It was put there to fend off kings and political tyrants. To arm us against foreign invasion. To protect our lives, and property.

NRA members:1,000,000. Americans who are weapons owners (registered) 100,000,000. 1/3 of the American people are gun owners and most of them don't belong to the NRA. We don't need the NRA speaking for us. They don't get to VOTE, but 100 million of us do!

"Asked about the decision, Reid, D-Nev., said he wanted to bring a gun bill to the full Senate that would have enough support to overcome any GOP attempts to prevent debate from even starting."Hey Harry, what is wrong with debate? Isn't that supposed to be how the Senate works? Well Diane, now you know how the Repbulicans feel when Harry won't even bring up their bills in the Senate. Too much power for one old man, and I too am old. Now Harry is linking the sequester to the death of 7 marines. I feel he is far past his retirement date. That is just plain crazy! How long will you demoncrats tolerate his incompetence?

So, be aware.  That while this assault weapon ban will NOT  be in the BILL itself, Harry has stated that it can be attached as an amendment.  THAT means that it can be sneaked in  under the radar of the public.  BEWARE  and BE AWARE!  The topic of assault weapon ban is NOT over!

Protection from a totalitarian government is why we are to be armed....

don`t forget the UN gun grabbing treaty

harry is doing this for all the wrong reasons, not for the 2nd amendment, but for his survival in washington

Barry -- you need to come up with another false flag op, QUICK!

They will lose seats in 2014. They will try after 2014. Vote out all who want this gun bad now ..

To Feinstein now just GO-AWAY FAR FAR AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!And I thought she would put her hoof down on this issue.  Someone must have slopped her and she's happy feeding at the trough.

The people in this country have more to fear from the idiots running it than the neighbor that owns a gun.

Feinstein - Pelosi - Waxman..   The  Kalifornia gift to Amerika that keeps on giving

GREAT now get the old bit@@ out of office

Did they finally realize that ANYTHING can be an "assault" weapon if used for evil purposes or are they just playing political games as usual because their totalitarian ideas were unpopular?

It's time Feinstein.There's a green pasture in San Francisco with your name on it.Time for you to be put out there.

That B*I*T*C*H Feinstein is an UGLY GORILLA.

This ban will be as effective as outlawing pot.

Now PLEASE PLEASE go away you old worthless cow..

In a nation of 311 million people, the odds of being killed by a rifle is about one homicide per million people, which is far less than the odds of being murdered by a blunt object. But we don’t hear the media arguing about regulating hammers and clubs. Again, when 99.7% of registered gun owners are law-abiding, gun control is not about guns, it’s about control. In fact, AP still has it wrong, as do the liberals in Congress who get their facts from the media. There were four weapons found at Sandy Hook. A shotgun and a Bushmaster (AR15 variant) were found in Lanza's car - actually his mother's car he stole. A Sig Sauer 9mm and a Glock 10 mm were found on or around Lanza's body. The coroner even confirmed all of the victims suffered bullet wounds consistent with handguns. This is the kind of #$%$ the liberals are bent on feeding the people - misleading facts and a major degree of fear factoring to get our minds off the fact that the country is sinking in debt and the Looney Tune characters aren't plugging the leaks. I wish Obama had the speech and voice of Porky Pig. He'd still be trying to repeat the oath of office in 2009.Now PLEASE PLEASE go away you old worthless cow..

In a nation of 311 million people, the odds of being killed by a rifle is about one homicide per million people, which is far less than the odds of being murdered by a blunt object. But we don’t hear the media arguing about regulating hammers and clubs. Again, when 99.7% of registered gun owners are law-abiding, gun control is not about guns, it’s about control. In fact, AP still has it wrong, as do the liberals in Congress who get their facts from the media. There were four weapons found at Sandy Hook. A shotgun and a Bushmaster (AR15 variant) were found in Lanza's car - actually his mother's car he stole. A Sig Sauer 9mm and a Glock 10 mm were found on or around Lanza's body. The coroner even confirmed all of the victims suffered bullet wounds consistent with handguns. This is the kind of #$%$ the liberals are bent on feeding the people - misleading facts and a major degree of fear factoring to get our minds off the fact that the country is sinking in debt and the Looney Tune characters aren't plugging the leaks. I wish Obama had the speech and voice of Porky Pig. He'd still be trying to repeat the oath of office in 2009.

She should be band.

After they milked it for all it was worth, they ditched the effort as they knew that a ban can not be enforced and even if it could be, the "assault weapons" are part of a minute percentage of gun related crime. But the exposure they got from this could not be bought with money!

DEM SMACK DOWN...Hysterical....

I hope the idiots in congress stop and consider the fact that to infringe on the right to keep and bear arms is a direct assault on the constitution and can plunge the entire country into civil war. I have never owned a gun, but I think I would get one in order to retake the government from this regime if they attempt to disarm law abiding citizens. It is this kind of usurping of the rights guaranteed by the constitution that our forefathers recognized as the greatest threat to our freedom, liberty, civil rights and protections. The right to keep and bear arms was meant to prevent a regime from taking over the government of the United States and that is exactly what the civilian militia will prevent from happening. Any weapons ban will fail. It has to.

Her proposed ban is nothing like her 1994 Assault Weapons Ban Bill.. Her proposed bill actually redefined Assault Weapons, not only by changing two (1994) Features to One (present)  feature, but by overal length from 26 inches to 30 inches.  Her proposal makes any rifle with a thread barrel (muzzle brakes, flash suppressor) an assault rifle..  She was intentionally being sneaky.  Also if you rifle is now deemed an Assault Rifle it is placed in the Restrictive category CL III  and you would have had to pay a two hundred dollar tax to keep your gun and fill out a boatload of paper work.

I watched the school shooting coverage as it was unfolding on live tv. Live coverage from a media helicopter clearly showed a police officer raise the tailgate of a dark color van and remove a black rifle. Media helicopters also showed many police officers running thru the woods and coming out with a man dressed in camo and in cuffs. Saw this live as it was happening as did many others, now our distinguished politicians say " believe us not you lying eyes".

I wonder if Feinstein would be calling for weapons ban if she were in Israel?  Just curious.

JUST BREAKS HER HEART???JUST BREAKS HER HEART???

Wonderful news !

Has the Democraps forgot what happened to them the last time they tried the gun control BS? You must have manure for brains.

If it wasn't for gun violence, most of you would never have heard of Dianne Feinstein. As head of the Board of Supervisors in San Francisco, she became Mayor through succession because of the assassination of Mayor George Moscone. She had previously ran for mayor twice and was unsuccessful. All the political pundits were saying she was through politically.   The assassination rejuvenated her career, and she was able to run as an incumbent for Mayor the next election. From this platform, she eventually became a Senator. As a Supervisor, she openly admitted that she carried a firearm on her person, and said she kept another pistol on her nightstand at home. This was about 40 years ago. She has now evolved into one of the most rabid of gun control advocates. "EVERYONE IS EQUAL BUT SOME ARE MORE EQUAL THAN OTHERS". GEORGE ORWELL, ANIMAL FARM.

Reid and Feinstein make quite a couple don't they?  Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum come to mind.....

why pass laws just to pass laws?  the 1994 ban stopped nothing.  4% of gun murders were with these style guns.  4%.  meaningless.  and at the height of the ban 1999 ~ Columbine happened.  Meaningless laws - we already have too many.

wonder of sen. ted cruz is laugh n out loud at this old lady......new blood need start running this country!

The people who want to ban guns are exactly the people whothe Founding Fathers feared we would someday need to shoot."When the government fears the people, there is liberty.When the people fear the government, there is tyranny"_Thomas Jefferson_"If someone is so fearful that they're going to start usingtheir weapons to protect their rights...makes me nervous thatthese people have these weapons at all"_Henry Waxman (D-CA)_

Yes, the liberals were scared of getting voted out. They know what happened last time they messed with guns.

Yeah, baby! That's the kind of commitment and leadership this country needs. "Aww, well, we flogged all the photo ops and sound bites out of it we could. F*** it." Kind of like a budget, huh Harry? Better to dump it than debate it and work towards a common goal.The Republicans need to work HARD to ensure that NO BAN WHATSOEVER gets passed anywhere for any reason... !!!!!

Will someone please Deep 6 Dianne Feinstein.

Why don't Harry and Diane (along with Nancy and John McCain) go to the prune factory and quietly retire?

Maybe someone explained the 2nd amendment to her.... Like her security detail.

Watch the old girl sneak it into some other bill on page 357 so it gets passed.

The gun grabbers swing and it's a  STTTRIIIKKKEEE.....

It will never pass, it's against the Constitution, it would be illegal.  It would never pass the House to start with, and there are enough smart dems in the Senate to know that if they vote for the gun ban, they will be fired.

It's a very sad day for the liberal fascists who are working tirelessly to strip law abiding Americans of their God-given civil rights. COOL!

Yeah, eat it Feinstien you hack.

The time and money is spent better on fighting crime instead banning our rights.And the horse you road in on! Diane Feinstein - public menace.

sorry Dianne. I voted for you but...you're out of your league.

The assault style weapon was NOT used at Newtown.  It was found unused in the trunk of his car.

thank God this country is waking up to these no count lyers and scamers using the powers of the country to currupt

They started out with an outrageous bill that they knew wouldn't pass so they could "negotiate"  more "reasonable", "common sense" gun control measures.

They have decided that the way to go is on a local level.  See Colorado, New York and CT as examples.

Look at the face of that old useless hag....Age limits if not term limits!

To change the constitution through an amendment (rather than the Liberals' favorite ploy of having a judge do it) would require 2/3 favorable vote in BOTH the House and Senate, and then 3/4 of the States (i.e., at least 38) would have to ratify it.Isn’t going to happen.

I'm buying a dozen of those scary guns!

Go to SOCAL and they hate Feinstein and Boxer, the north has more vote in CA than the south.Too much too soon...But its coming.

The ssault weapon definition currently in use is a progressive proaganda term used by people like senator Feinstein and is a lie.  Any weapon that would be an assault weapon would be for military use and therefore be fully automatic.  Now given this, it should be clear to anyone that this is just a way to either confiscate all weapons that are not single shot long guns or revolvers or identify the owners for incaration.  The federal militia act of 1798 stipulated that the militia members be equipped the same as a foot solider in the regular army so that in a showdown, a stalemate would be the worst case until cooler, constitutional heads could prevail and impeach the offending public servants.

Don't ban anything how's that? Nobody will do it anyway...

i wonder if she took out the "hunting humans is legal part".......idiot

this old girls legace is done

An assualt type weapon was FOUND IN THE TRUNK OF THE SUSPECT'S CAR. Lets report the news and not make the news.  The liberal media is just trying to spread missinformation to the uniformed!

We can always count on a Democrat not standing up for his/her principals if there is a possibility they won't be re-elected. They are puppets, easily manipulated for a vote.  Got to love it!

Obviously, it is the fault of gun rights advocates and constitutionalists who are at fault during these issues because they vote democrats &amp; liberals who are able to deceive or sweet talk them. Be firm and never vote for anti-gun rights candidates.

Yikes its frankinfeinstein !

Obama's 'universal background checks' are for the law-abiding citizens, not for Chicago gang leaders and crooked politicians.Obama's 'universal background checks' are for the law-abiding citizens, not for Chicago gang leaders and crooked politicians.

she is a dinosaur and must go. she's done nothing to help " We the people " who pay her overpaid salary!

Feinstein is a constitution attacking pig; not in this country sally!

Hang it up Feinstein!  Your days of corruption are over!

The department of homeland security purchased 7,000 AR-15s and refered to them as "personal defense weapons".

Vote out anyone that would have voted for the bill just remember people if this was an all Democrat house and senate we would have no guns at all....................

THAT #$%$ old cow Feinstein should be put to sleep.In California where is fuckless MULTIMILLIONAIRE #$%$ CALIMS to represent STILL HAS a MORE restrictive BAN than the "expired Federal ban.AND we still have murders, just last year 8 people were MURDERED by ONE person and HE DIDN'T even have an assault rifle.Maybe this #$%$ could EXPLAIN why there are OVER 900 murders and rapist on DEATH ROW WAIT to be executed some over 20 years now.Maybe she could tell us, AFTER more than two years, the 45 year old run DAM-O-RAT CONTROLLED Assembly and Senate, CANNOT EVEN COME UP WITH A INJECT ABLE FORMULA to kill these ANIMALS.

This ain't over.  The Dems will bury the "amendment" in some bill and they'll say, "We have to pass it to find out what's in it."

"The others would expand required federal background checks for firearms buyers, increase federal penalties for illegal gun trafficking and boost school safety money"They added BOOST SCHOOL SAFETY MONEY just so they could demonize anyone that votes against it by saying "they don't want to make our schools safe" Typical political BS.

Nations gather for final U.N. arms trade treaty negotiations--Negotiators from around 150 countries gathered in New York on Monday for a final push to hammer out a binding international treaty to end unregulated conventional arms sales, a pact that a powerful U.S. pro-gun lobby is urging Washington to reject.Quit wasting your time and balance the budget!!! Rome is burning!!

Feinstien should resign in disgrace.

Impeach Feinstein now !

Why don't all of you Democrat misfits follow your delusional Liberal leaders back to well where your czar Satan Obama will keep you fed, clothed and dazzled. you have proven to the other 53 percent of Americans that you are weak minded and worthless.

Another failure and gladly so by the Nazi socialist Obama.  It is still America !!!!

"Assault weapons ban won't be in Dems' gun bill"Common sense, empathy for the people they serve, and respect for the Constitution of the United States of America will not be reflected as well…

Good, I'm a Colorado Liberal, and it's clear that they are not referring to actual assault weapons, which have a fully automatic firing mode, while the weapons they were referring to are the everyday semi-automatic weapons that millions of us have.

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that revived gun control as a top issue in Washington. Banning those firearms was among the proposals President Barack Obama made in January in response to those slayings."Actually, it was a pistol...

She faces pretty solid DEM opposition as well.Odd  that YAHOO seems unable to tell the whole story.

Ahahaha!  Gun owners win, Dems lose. They know if they mess with our guns their #$%$ are getting kicked out of office!  Time to squash the illegal immigration BS as well.  Damn Traitors!̿̿ ̿̿ ̿̿’̿’\̵͇̿̿\з==(◕ ‿ ◕)==ε/̵͇̿̿/’̿’̿ ̿ ̿̿.....Don't Tread On Me.............Open Carry...........

So, they will just take your rights away a little slower and a little less openly.  Only way to prevent it is to get these kooks out of office.

The poor bewitched people of CA cannot seem to rid themselvesof these 2 (Boxer &amp; Feinstein) conivers, &amp; deceptors.Is it their classic beauty (old lady charm), or what?Don't they have eyes &amp; ears out there to see &amp; hear with.Do they never read the legislation they these 2 draft.This is the left coast alright, but it's leaning so far left, thatit won't take an earthquake to get it to fall into the ocean.

Harry is a big recipient from the NRA, by the way.He said, as usual, that it's the other guy's fault.  But we can be sure he didn't want it on the floor in debate, because the details would come out and he'd be seen for what he is.A hypocrite, and two-faced liar.

universal back ground checks = Registration of all gunsrequired federal background checks for firearms buyers= if the service is canceled or shut down  to give you a background check you cant buy a gun or ammo!required federal background checks for firearms buyers= loss of your doctor patient confidentialitya ban on ammunition magazines that carry more than 10 rounds of ammunition. The second would just be on prohibiting the high-capacity magazine clips. = a ban that would be against the 2nd amendment and would be to the people and would inc all people inc police and military since we the people are the police and the military and you cant amend the 2nd amendment! would apply to all Americans . and against the law.

ANY TYPE OF GUN OR MAGAZINE BILL WILL GET THE POLITICATION VOTED OUT OF OFFICE THEY DONT HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE PROBLEM The problem is the crimnals dont obay the laws get the weapons away from them and leave the law abiding people alone . These politication need to get some advice from the expert law enforcement people and talk to them. you dont punish law abiding tax paying people that do have the right to bear arms and protect there children and famileys for these disturbed crazy criminals.

Harry Reid is disgusting.

As though outlawing the cosmetics of a weapon will do anything to detour a determined bad guy from shooting up a place...typical liberal logic...

An asssult weapon was found in his car. It was not used on the school. Get the facts straight media. What #$%$.

Can't read an article when there is a blatant lie a third of the way down... nice research or just avoiding the facts when they don't measure up to your ideology.its because they knew it couldn't pass the democrat controlled senate much less the republican controlled house...

Is it my imagination, or is Granny Feinstein startin to develop a lazy eye???

shes' a two faced pig

Dianne Feinstein don't need a gun , she could ugly you to death .

she didn't do her best, she did her worse at taking more American freedoms and rights. she is the darkest and worst of what America has become, a tyrannical elitest lifelong politician, from the worst state out there, trying to impose her will on the rest of us. note, anything that she introduces on the senate floor, wont apply to her, or her colleagues.

An assault style weapon was NOT used in the Conn. shooting. It was handguns.

Feinstein is an IDIOT!  She claims she had a trauma quite a few years ago, which probably did happen.  She probably just can't get over it.  She then shouldn't be a Senator then.  What is the name for her condition mental Health call it???

I see crazy people...

Cruz tore her up.

everyone knew this #$%$ wasn't gonna pass. why waste time on this and work on a budget!I bet her brain IMPLODED like a 30 pound clip of bullets.

Frankenfeinstein must be crushed.

Feinstein and all the other less than honest in Washington needs to butt out of our rights. They want everything but want us to have nothing, and pass off their laws as if it is so good for all us but it plays right in their hands.

Anyone ever notice that the libaturds are soooooooooo concerned about human life, when it comes to gun bans, but when it comes to the 50 MILLION murdered babies in the US since 1973 it's all good? I don't know if they are stupid, or they think we are stupid, but this has zero to do about human life, and all to do with control of the sheeple. Google mass murderers political party affiliation, and see what you come up with. There is a common party, for 50 points which one do you think it is.

Hard to hide a bananna clip or the gun that fires it, making it difficult for would be killers to walk around with one. Why don't they address the real problem, that being, mentally derranged people capable of commiting such crimes. Can't do that either, cause they more times than not kill themselves.None of this gun control #$%$ will stop anyone commited to kill others.

Frankenstein (D-Dalifornia) has been pushing gun bans for 20 years. It's time to retire her &amp; her ideas of controlling Americans by disarming them. Don't go away mad, just go away forever.

BAN ALL DUMB #$%$ DEMOCRATS-----DO IT NOW

The dems have people like this crazy know it all fruitball and they criticize the GOP. Really, they have so much to be proud of don't they.  LOL...........Ship of fools

i have a 22 rifle with a 20 + tube feed that we have owned for 40 years. now they want to limit it to 15. feinstein can drop dead.

No comments?  Really?These traitors are going to continue to sneak in anti-2a proposals into other bills.  They will push again harder in 2014What happened here was a litmus test to see how many people would turn their vote if the 2nd ammendment was messed with. What they saw scared them.

Damn, I have been stockpiling AR15's and AK47's bought a year ago in anticipation of future ban's. I hope to get them sold early so I can make a big profit...and I will throw in a few high capacity magazines to sweeten the deal. Love these gun control nuts.

Our president lied to everyone of those parentsshame on you and your administration , harry reidand feinstein if that's your best you better resign

They'll attach it to some other bill that has nothing to do with firearms and try to sneak it through...same way Obama got elected.

Now maybe the old hag Feinstein will retire.

Damn.  I have 30 Ars and Aks with large capacity mags I was going to make a killing on, selling them out of the trunk of my car.  Now this.  Trampling on my dreams.

Just as well.  Too many armaphiles to have any hope of passing.

Too bad Dan White didn't drop the old pus bucket when he had a chance.

Finklestein's Folly never had a chance. The one I'm worried about is the national registry.

I'd like to see Finklestein's head on a pike.obozo at 40% and sinking

Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., Remember when she was caught with a handgun inside a hospital. Direct violation of the law. Saw an interview where she was questioned about it and used the excuse that SHE required protection because HER husband was in the hospital and she walked to see him. She made it clear SHE is special. Never a mention of a CHL at the time.Now i read that she had a CHL at the time but no mention of being INSIDE the hospital. Looks like another whitewash for someone in congress. A congress we all know are above the laws that apply to us commoners.

The democraps are cowards! ...anything for a vote eeeh? lol

can we ban liberals?

Why do none of you gun grabbing bigot have nothing to say about the fact that she is exempt from any laws in her gun bill? Don't just give a thumbs down have the guts to answer the question.

Lets ban politcial lifers like this hag, i bet that would be a change we could all get behind.

No "assault" weapons ban, no big gulp ban, the domestic drone controversy,and so far the most controversial and newsworthy inconvenience, regarding the sequester, is that tours of the White House have been cancelled.... not a good week for Obama and his big government big brother policies....

The second Amendment was designed to be able to have an armed militia to protect the people from a tyrannical government.  Why? Because our forefathers had to fight one!

There won't be any bill !! It will end up in the house round file !!! (#$%$ FINE SWINE !

OBUMMER IS VERMINKiss it you liberal hag!

I find her(Feinstein) words assaulting. Ban her.

Correction: An assault-weapon style gun was NOT used at Newtown. 4 handguns were recovered at the scene, officially. They kill the ban and still try to shove their pathetic propaganda down our throats. The media is destroying this country as much as crooked politicians are.

Feinstein is a liberal #$%$

I wonder if former Congresswoman Gabrielle Gifford's husband, being caught purchasing an AR-15 "assault rifle" and 45cal semi-auto pistol had anything to do with it?

ho,

the mfs at the demacrat reunion voted to take God out of everything in this country , i seen the currupt vote

yep her and a few like polosie boxer,all need to get off there currupt band wagon thay have built &gt;handpicked&lt;be sent to getmo and be water boarded tell truthfor all comes out , say mf i am an american to and stop calling me names as a repub and white , i am american to one more time,i do believe in true freedom and justic for all not just them gays and black mexican demacrats leaders living in lies deception and curruption to hold power over america ,,better watchem america thay are dangers to even not try to unity this great country as the job thay have call for all americans ,and right now we have no leader ship doing it but are doing the blaim game on me as a repub,devider is what obama is , sorry mf,  sad this chet going on in the United States Of America lies deception curruption destruction and loss,s all by obama and his success of failers that thay lie about and cover up fast and furious

"Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has decided that a proposed assault weapons ban won't be part of a gun control bill the Senate plans to debate next month.."News Flash:1.) It doesn't matter if a proposed assault weapons ban will be part of a gun control bill the Senate plans to debate; any gun control laws and any ban on any kinds of weapons are in violation of our Constitution and illegal.2.) The persons responsible for introducing this bill, as well as all those members of the Senate who plan to debate it, have, by doing so, violated their oath of office to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States and should, at the very least, be removed from office.

Alan Fram along with others are misleading when they use the term "assualt weapons' in conjuction with the school shooting.  But hope this is good news for the 2nd admendment-ers as they do not need the insult and injury Feinstein is handing down.  She has taken it upon herself to use her senatorial office that she has to bend, spindle and mutilate the Constitution's 2nd admendment and the rights of gun owners.Frankenstein is a #$%$.

an assault gun was not used in the Conn school shooting - that is all political bull shut - the assault gun was found in the  shooters car after the incident took place ..............

These politicians proposing laws in the name of their Anti-Liberty agenda is unconstitutional.Do not try to justify stripping Americans of their rights in the name of a False Safety.

Their game is "death by a 1000 cuts".  First one type of gun, then another type, and eventually all of them..  Americans need to stop the bleeding before all our rights are gone..

"This may be considered as the true palladium of liberty.... The right of self defence [sic] is the first law of nature: in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest limits possible. Wherever standing armies are kept up, and the right of the people to keep and bear arms is, under any colour or pretext whatsoever, prohibited, liberty, if not already annihilated, is on the brink of destruction."St George Tucker, a jurist from the era of our fouding fathers

typical of alan fram to lie about the weapon used in Connecticut just to push a liberal agenda, if you want to be a journalist then write the truth as it stands not your version, instead of a journalist alan fram looks like a typical liberal hack with yahoo not vetting the articles and just posting them because they fit yahoos agenda

thats because fast gun fienstine, owner of a concelled weapon knows it won't pass.but still her sucker donores will still keep pading her wallet.a disgrace to the california leadership.

I can't figure out which one is the most worthless out of this group, Feinstein, Reid , Pelosi or Napolitano.

Must be the air or the water in California.

Dumb fools! Where are the tougher laws against those that ACTUALLY commit gun crimes???The whole issue here is not the gun, but who can get one. A simple bill that stats mental health, along with MANY things not just for firearms is the answer. For example,if you have mental issues, you should not be allowed to drive a motor vehicle operate any type of machinery etc, along with not being able to purchase a gun of any type. This type of legislation would pass and it is what is best for everyone. Someone also needs to tell NOBAMA along with Feinstein, that is was a pistol that was primary weapon in the CT shooting, not an assault weapon The people in California who keep voting Feinstein into office, need their heads examined along with her!

Curses, foiled again.

Mark Kelly: Congress should act to limit the sale of assault weaponsBut he went to a gun shop to get one?And He tells every one he just wanted to show how easy it was to get one?But it has been 10 days he still don’t have one ? How is this easy?May be he needs to go see Eric ??

They keep saying that a assault weapon was used at Newton but it was in the trunk of the car. It was never used. What we need is a ban on crazy people.

Guns don't kill people . PLANNED PARENTHOOD kills people .Vegans won’t eat anything related to animal products, including eggs, milk, meat, fish, poultry or even a clear chicken broth.  They believe to do so is cruel to the animals.  I’ve listened to interviews with vegans who were protesting for the right of a woman to have her unborn baby sucked or dragged out of her body a piece at a time and then stand there and declare it’s cruel kill a chick and eat it.

Correction, Poor Harry Reid.

Hey politicians ban assault weapons dont going to ban crazy, cut magazines cap dont going to ban crazy, the only things need to be cut here are you nuts.Guns ban was in the democrat Marxist agenda forever, Clinton tried before, lets see how all this #$%$ finish because some states are potentially disagree.

Pood Harry Reid.

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown," ummm no...no one was not.  It has been a while now and you are still skewing the facts

Does Sen. Feinstein have any futher comments for Sen. Cruz ?So, lets see reid now says there will be two illegal votes to destroy the second ammendment to the constitution.  The progressive, libearl #$%$ in the US are ready and willing to destroy the US.  Feinstein has no courage, she is simply a jackoff playing to her constigency - and a monumental hypocrite - SHE carries and she has body guards, yet she does not want you all to have the same protection - disgusting.  Let these progressives take away the only chance you have to protect yourselves - FROM THEM.

I know Harry Reid isn't dismissing it because he finally got some common sense about the 2nd amendment, but merely to protect the Senate seats in the next election, but CHALK A VICTORY UP FOR THE SUPPORTERS OF THE 2ND AMENDMENT!!

This woman and her cohorts are a menace to law-abiding citizens everywhere in America.  Look for the old bait and switch tactics the left is known for.  They took an oath to defend and protect the U.S. Constitution, the 2nd Ammendment in this case - lets hold them to it.

Feinstein, minion of Gozer and Obama, Obama; Nazi wannabe dictator going down in flames again!!!  this is great!

god dam that #$%$ is scary looking . christ . have you seen what it would cost to build a ar15? not worth it . the gun was 350- dls now its 2300 dls . wow .

Have to agree with most/some of the comments, but the Democrats gave conservatives what they wanted and most/some still want to find fault.........There shouldn't have been ANY bill, but WHY DID THE REPUBLICONS SIT BY AND LET ANY GUN CONTROL BILL COME TO A VOTE?  They OBSTRUCT any other bill they want......WHY NOT THOSE COMING UP FOR VOTE NOW?  Real reason....They want your guns as bad as the liberals do.

FRANKENSTEIN IS ONE UGLY COMMUNIST INSIDE AND OUT

Well if not today, they will try again tomorrow. Their motives are out there.

there is not a sigle individual menioned in this article that can be trusted, all should hang for sedition

Harry Reid sees 2014 and the possible loss of the Senate to the GOP.  Could happen.Libs can be so amusing.Particularly when they try to convince one that the criminal who fails to obey current law will be deterred by the next one.

stage set. First pass a bill then amend it. Any one buying it..

One chip at a time.The Second Amendment Party

This is to not bring down the heat on democrates running for reelection.  If we don't vote em out they will really be legislating gun grabbing bills after 2014!

Has anyone seen Lance?

Here is a really crazy idea. Why don't we find knowledgeable people on both sides of the issue who can stop screaming long enough to come up with a reasonable definition of "Assault Weapon?" Everyone who voices an opinion thinks that they know what one is and assumes that their opponent agrees. I have had some experience with the M-16 and I would not put it in the same class with my old semi-auto .22.And, please, can we leave out the "Any weapon used in an assault is an assault weapon" #$%$?

No assualt weapons were used in yhe Sandy Hook shooting. He used semi automatic handguns, stop being sheep and do some research.

Why can't the politicians drop the drama queen anctics and address the real issues surroundingthe majority of murders ?

Remember who tried to get this ban through when you vote in 2014.  Let's make sure these idiots don't get a second chance.

Where can one go to read what is actually in the rest of this bill? I don't see these slime bags giving in so easily. Or do I hear another executive order being written?D&amp;R the  party machine  of shame and destruction. millions unemployed and D&amp;R play games to destroy the constitution.To the party sheep you own your shame

Personal obsessions don't make good policy.  Term limits for Congress!

An Assult weapon was NOT used in the NewTown Connecticut shooting. Why do they keep reporting the lie. The AR-15 was in the car, BUT the police said it was NOT used. The shooting was NOT carried out by an ASSULT weapon!!!!  They are only saying it to get support for the weapons ban!

Alan Fram, (author) is reporting something that is not true. An assualt type weapon was not used in Newtown, there was one in the shooters truck, but it was not used. Whatever happend to real joiurnalism?

How about NO MORE GUN BILLS? Enough of this gun grabbing anti-freedom #$%$

On the Yahoo front page was a photo of a two headed snake, funny, a article which features a snake sharing the front page with Feinstein.

All the gun stores have been sold out of AR-15's and backlogged with millions of orders since talk of a gun ban. The gun ban was a boon for the arms manufacturers. They should pay finkelstien and the other democraps a commision for getting the biggest sales spike in history for thier companies. Maybe the car makers can spread rumors that dems want to ban cars and trucks.

remember all the traitors that pushed this when their elections come around!

Feinstein should pass ammendment for free depends. Only 10 per day. Ban assault diapers.

Oh woo is me!! Poor, poor Finklebrain will probably have a senior moment because of this!!Dianne.....please retire you libertardYou recycled law did not work this time and will not work. your plan to bypass the 2nd Amendment is unlawful and the rest of the Senate knows it. bye-bye

That's because all they are really after is a national registry data base so that later they know exactly who has what for the inevitable confiscation program. Just look what happened in Canada. Registration = Confiscation later. Period. End of story.

Government has no teeth on this issue. Concentrate on mental health and stability. Maybe mental health should be screened for gun ownership.

That is one scary looking woman. I think if she ever moved her facial muscles she would shatter her face, hmmm, come to think of it that may be an improvement. Not to mention she is bat sh-t crazy, makes her just a little ominous...........lmao

All we the people can do is a peaceful march on DC...... its planned April 20th.  Restore our freedoms.  Blog it, research it..... find out more about this April 20th peaceful march.

dino frankenstein needs to retire.... she is way out of her league when it comes to guns.... she broke almost every rule of handling guns when trying to make her point with the press... and dinosaur.... will criminals have to go through an extensive background check before they break into your home and steal your guns? liberal morons..... God gave you a brain, but you don't use it..... PS.... what if i just GIVE my guns away? what does the law say about that?

This gun grabbing broad has been trying for decades to disarm Americans, and this is yet another attempt.We are sickened by this using the school slaughter to 'forward' your agenda, comrade.

This is the kind of #$%$ that people in California vote for.  Wonder why this has become a #$%$ state???

What they're saying is "The Socialist Democratic Party doesn't want the lead to start flying .......just YET"!

When will they get it leave good people and their legally obtained guns alone!"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that revived gun control as a top issue in Washington."  Get it right, an AR type weapon (not assault) was found in the car, and was not used.  I guess it depends on which false story you want to believe.

Only people crazier than this woman are the people who keep reelecting her.

She will try to slip in back in down the road after the bill is passed. Sneaky liberal tactic.

Feinstein is a lowlife, hypocritical, lying POS.

So we go from 'Assault Weapon' to 'Military Style'.. I wonder what exactly that means in her warped &amp; twisted little brain?!!?

Ban that pig faced hag and have her walk home through East L.A. without her gun.

No big ban this time ... As liberal democrat Bloomberg.. is trying to ban everything that moves in New York ... Screw all the politicians .... If I want a gun I will have a gun ....unless government can provide me with 24 hour security ... I really don't think government has a right to tell me to go anything..... Ban their own security not mine of fellow Americans

Did anyone really think the Dems were going to ban guns?  Just like the GOP plan to ban abortions, there's never been enough support for either.  They're just talking points to get the extremists on both sides riled up.  Sure, both sides will try to restrict the other, but neither will ever be banned.

She is scarier to look at than any assault rifle I’ve seen.

feinstein needs to be arrested for treason, she has broken her oath of office and belongs in prison.More mis- infomation from this Yahoo writer wasn't the AR-15 in the car? These #$%$ wipes are as bad as MSNBC.

hahaha...too late, he damage is done. the constitution haters are all going to be fired soon.

suck chit through a straw fienstein you hag!

Universal Registration leads to Universal Confiscation.Pol Pot, Marx, Stalin, Lenin, Mao, Hitler and most every Statist despot agrees on that point. The Liberal-Progressives are on the wrong side of history but the BIG LIE is seductive.“The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to permit the conquered peoples to have arms. History teaches that all conquerors who have allowed their subject races to carry arms have prepared their own downfall by doing so.”~Adolph Hitler, 1942And The Suckers Never Catch Wise.FORWARD!... over the cliff ...

Reid knew of the election coming up ,would cost the dems their seats in the senate!, diane is an Idiot.

i will not obey a law that infringes on my rights sorry feinstein but i think you need to be baned from office permenantly never to serve another public office , infact let me expand that comment . i think all  elected officails with the nepolian complex whom tamper with the civil liberties of the  people should  be terminated from office and jailed and fined for violating their oaths . Certainly i have  deep sorrow for the children that were  hurt/injured/killed however thats why we have laws and penalties for those who do things like this. Trying to hand down punishment on all the people for someone breaking a law is stupid. It would be like Feinstein going to jail because someone else punched John McCain would that make sense also ? No of course not thats why you punish the person or persons whom did this and give the families justice .Now im absolutely all for letting the family members pull the switch , throw the stones ,tie the rope, shove the needle in or turn on the gas .In whatever  way will help them feel justice is served . Perhaps that should be the bill passed let the family members decide how a child killer dies .

Banning "assault weapons" to curb gun violence is like banning ice to stop fights in a hockey game.

Score one for the home team.

Any attempt at 2nd amendment infringement is going to lose votes for those who support it on either side of the aisle in non-coastal states.  The laws they're proposing aren't practical, and will solve nothing.  They are nothing but a knee-jerk "we have to do SOMETHING" measure, and Americans are smarter and harder to frighten than that.

Sheesh! Politicians up to the old game of appearing to be doing something and it is still the same ol' same ol'...This isn't over.  We are going to make u gun grabber pukes pay for even trying.

Someone please put a bag over that face in the photo above..

everybody already knew that Conneticutt mweant nothing.  This is not news.  Business as usual is all that matters.

I really do loathe these politicians who say they wont waste time with something that wont succeed.WHAT do these fools do all day long????????

Check your facts! An "assault weapon" was not used in Sandy Hook. The shooter used four pistols. The rifle never left his car.

Feinstein...One ugly old hag!   Term Limits, Term Limits, Term Limits!

vote this p o s out of office , what a jole she has been for years kissing up to the puke going on now as if it is not

this is one fine p o s to assume aleadge use prejections,maybes could bes what ifs guessing to splonder off american unity and power by dumbing it down ,are we so dumb as american we sit and watch to much trusting what is deception and lies , sorry what the demacrta are doing in the offices of power fast and furious

can anyone see the real truth out there

You may not like guns, and choose not to own one. That is your right. You may not believe in God, that is your choice. However if someone breaks into your home the first two things your going to do our 1st. Call some one with a gun. 2nd. Pray they get there in time.Hey, a win's a win and they haven't been very common lately so I'll take it.

Assault weapons ban was never about public safety. It was about control, just like Obamacare.  The liberals in power do not want citizens to have anything close to military style weapons. They are afraid of Revolution when enough people wake up to fact this country is being destroyed by the socialism. Google, ( Reagan warns of Socialist destroying America)  Its a Utube video of Reagan speaking on Socialism in early 80s. Its Chilling because it was 30 years ago, and spot on of whats happening today.

writer alan fram.. an ar-15 is a semi-auto rifle................ assault weapons have been banned since 1934 . no your facts before you write.. more propagada

Assault weapons are military weapons. Military "stylised" weapons are different from "military" weapons. We as citizens can not own military style weapons, without a special, very special, federal license. Under the Fine-stiney law, a 22 cal. bolt action rifle with a "pistol grip stock" could be banned. That in its self tells me that this old, former anti Vietnam war, activist, wants to disarm the public, so that she and her fellow socialists can rule with impunity. WACHA THINK? Watch some lib call me names now.RANT FINISHED

You lost Feinstein. Tell your pals at the UN we won't put up with their gun ban either and that this is OUR country. Not yours or theirs .

Canada recently got rid of its costly "long-gun" registry for rifles in part because the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Chiefs of Police could not provide a single example in which tracing was of more than peripheral importance in solving a gun murder.

Man....she looks like death sucking on a life-saver..

Isn't it funny? The ambassadors of the state tell us, "Oh no, the AR-15 is such a horrible choice for self defense. Don't be absurd." Then when the agents of the state (the police) worry about their own safety, suddenly they're all running around with AR-15 variants strapped to their chests.

Why any one needs a AR-15 with a 30 rounds of ammo?Why dos any one needs more then one square of toilet paper ?(S)(H)(!)(T) HAPPENS !

Take THAT, Libtards !Feinstein should be tried for treason.

Thank goodness, now Feinstein can shut her trap and retire

" An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that revived gun control as a top issue in Washington. "No it wasn't. That is why no school security video of Adam Lanza has been released.

Texas, please secede from the union and banish all liberals from the state so we conservatives can live in peace and prosper.

they know the outright ban on the guns won't pass, but they will keep trying to limit the magazine size.vote it down and vote them out.

Uh HELLO! Handguns were used, not "assault weapon." Why cant they get their facts straight?

Americans wake up! The U. S. Constitution was not written to restrict or control you and me. It was written to control the legislative body of the U.S. government. That means HANDS OFF THE SECOND AMENDMENT. For those people who wish to have gun control legislation move where they have it. Like back to England.

A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.  If you support or permit an infringement under this amendment, you will support and permit Congress to pass laws prohibiting and abridging the rights under the First Amendment;  be very careful how easily you allow the government to violate the Constitution.

Time to go Feinstein . So bent on getting  the U.N.'s agenda passed .

those washington cur dogs continue to nip at the heels of freedom..the ones who unleashed them in washington are just as responsableHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.....just look at her face now! HA!

Too bad she has the maturity of a 6th grader and needs help to understand the constitution.  It is all smoke and mirrors to bolster her San Francisco base and get funding.  She should be voted out

And now gun prices will drop back to almost pre-panic prices... Time to go buy another ar-15 in celebration!

Sen. Dianne Feinstein = LOSER !!!!!!!!!!!

Dianne Fienstein is insane and is a danger to herself and all those that love freedom, she  has an irrational fear of law abiding gun owners . Her behavior  has shown to much time in public service destroys the urge to do the will of the people .  Please  put her in a home for dangerous politicians .

As usual, it is not about doing anything constructive, but it is about personal goals and how to manipulate votes so they can best hope for re-election.  Stinking crooked senators like Feinstein and Reid need to be removed from our government.

this lady is a C  U  N   T

This stupid white lady is so out of touch!!!!

No ban on rifles or magazines. Period remember 2014 and 2016 we will.

What then is a large capacity magazine?Disarm the government.

looks like "i'm no sixth-grader" rebuttal/strategy didn't do the trick...

FRANKENFEINSTEIN is a disgrace.

Harry wants to be re-elected.

Hooray for Congressmen who uphold and defend our Constitution, including it's 2nd Amendment!! Hope career politicians like Feinstein could work on fixing the economy instead of wasting time trying to revise our Constitution.

Hey, I knew the dumbocrats would have one foot nailed to the floor, making circles...that gave me enough time to stock up...now its being hidden...

FINKLESTEIN'S FOLLY FIZZLES!

What ?  After all the lectures and coverage, they pull this.  Can anyone figure libs out ?

SHE'S JUST ANOTHER OF OBAMAS DEMOCRAT SOCIALIST PIGS...Soon to be defeated come the next elections....People are disgusted with Anti American pigs like Feinstein.

Used to be that those that can, do...those that can't, teach.Pity us...the only place for the Feinsteins of this world is the CongressI'm still waiting for her answer to Cruz's question....and BTW Feinstein, your "background" doesn't trump common sense...

I own a gun to protect myself from the radical government.  americans please read agenda 21 and a second after.

Someone like this old socialist prune Feinstein, would be found missing. If she didn't have so many well armed security personal around her....Paid for by Tax Paying gun owners.

This old witch needs to get out of office.  she has been there too long.We need new people that loves and respect our amendments.

Assault Politician = Diane Feintstein

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown"   WRONG!!!!  Two handguns were used - a Sig Sauer and a Glock.  An assault weapon was found in the back of the killer's truck, but it was not used.  Oh wait...I see what's going on here.  WE HAVE ANOTHER LIBERAL JOURNALIST!!!  Do you all see what I'm talking about?!?!  He used the term "assault-type" weapon.  WHAT THE H*** IS THAT?!?!  It's either an assault weapon or not.  There is no "assault type weapon" in the gun control debate.Ahhh the left wing media - gotta love it.

I want to live somewhere that bans all liberals!

i love watching the liberals crumble

Guns don't kill people . PLANNED PARENTHOOD kills people .a bumper sticker on one side saying ‘Pro Choice’ and a bumper sticker on the other side saying ‘The question is not, can they reason? nor, can they talk? But, can they suffer?’ with a picture of a cow.  This same person is worried about a cow suffering and not a human baby that was ripped apart in the womb, or worse yet, born alive and then stabbed with a pair of scissors to make sure it doesn’t survive.

The libtards support abortion and gun control.  It wasn't guns that killed these children.  In 2011 there were 333,964 abortions or murders in America.  Might as well call it "American Genocide".  That equates to 1 every 94 seconds, but, the liberial media doesn't want you to know that fact.Did someone assault that woman's face or is that a Halloween mask?

Now let's kill the rest of the gun bills, the 40 or so traitors notwithstanding.

You no good liberals WILL OBEY!

Why don't all of you Democrat misfits follow your delusional Liberal leaders back to hell where your czar Satan Obama will keep you fed, clothed and dazzled. you have proven to the other 53 percent of Americans that you are weak minded and worthless.

I left my AR at the open front door then watched it, it did not go out and shoot anyone.

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that revived gun control as a top issue in Washington."No, it wasn't.This is a LIE.A lie which was used as the latest excuse for the Feinstein Firearms Fatwah and one which has now, hopefully, been laid in a deservedly ignominious grave.

The Californicators haven't elected anyone worth a turd since Reagan.  Maybe they should institute an IQ test there for voting rights.  Anyone not reaching 70 is disqualifed.  There goes 3/4 of the population and their entire elected officials.

Interesting that a Zionist war-profiteer is so keen on violating Citizens' 2nd amendment rights.

Feinstein and Pelosi should get married when all the ugly gay women show up for their ceremonies.  Invite Hillary too.

if the democrats vote against  the 2nd amendment they are out.  they might as well start a new party because that one well be dead!look at that ugly piece of #$%$.

the following is a comment from ..... where else .... CALIFORNIA.............“Very, very few states have an archive of firearm owners like we have,” said Wintemute, who helped set up the program.and how is that reduced crime situation in oakland, LA, stockton, or vallejo been going for you????? idiot anti freedom dumbocraps !!!!

She needs a good #$%$.. where is Rin Tin Tin..to save the day.

Barry/Finklestein - 0, US Constitution - 1

We need to pass a few laws banning organinzed politics.

Biden was anointed to lead the gun control task force .Biden says : we need more gun laws for we don’tHave the man power to enforce the ones we haveTHINK ABOUT THAT FOR JUST A MINUTE ?

At least in my town the kids don't go to a party and start shooting at each other with AR-15. No seree Mr Bob, they conceal  good old all American hand guns. How many get shot by assault weapons? Handguns? Never understood why you need a second shot be it in a deer stand or a Viennese swamp.

Ditch the WITCH!!!

Democrats and Obama = lies, deceit, cowardice, incompetence, the moral decay and destruction of our country

More Media Flim Flam at the direction of the Democratic Socialistic Party.First this,"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre"...Then, This,"The assault weapons ban was the most controversial"...So which is it, an assault weapon, or an assault type weapon?To anybody who knows anything at all about firearms, an assault weapon has selective fire capabilities,(semi, or fully automatic).The weapons these, "trolls for attention" ,wish to ban, are only, "Look Alike" weapons.They are not by any accurate definition, an assault weapon.They have beat this dead horse into sausage to try to gain any ground they can in order to make any headway they can in banning any and all firearms.All 3 power hungry tyrants have been at this for at least 30 years...If this Schumer, Boxer, Feinstein Tribunal is so Honest, then why are they afraid of Law Abiding Citizens, owning firearms?They have gotten all the money any of them will ever need, off the backs of taxpayers,so now it must only be about power and ego.They are deserving of No power and very much deserving of having their pitiful ego's crushed like eggshells.Harry Reid reminds me of Tigger...This isn't because she came to her senses, it's because she doesn't want to be seen losing !

I never heard anyone make the argument for how our gun legality deterrs other countries from attacking us... isnt that partly why its in the constitution??

Why not they proposed the gun ban measures.....WHAT'S WRONG SCARED THAT VOTES GONNA KILL THEM NEXT ELECTION. These imbeciles kill me in Washington...imbeciles selling out America one day at a time. clowns

I sure wish Feinstein would stick to putting those giant tags on extension cords that warn me that it is known to the state of California to cause  impending doom of illness if I use them!!!!!!

I am going to post this again watch out for the tricky language!!!!!  this is language from Feinstein bill as reported by yahoo news a few days ago,,"Feinstein's bill would ban semi-automatic weapons — guns that fire one round and automatically reload — that can take a detachable magazine and have at least one military feature like a pistol grip."if the words AR or assault are all that are removed from the (big gun ban!!) the above language still bans all semi-automatic pistols as they fit the above description to a T.

Feinstein swore to defened to protect and defend the constitution when she was sworn in.She needs to be impeached and jailed! set an example the people will not tolorate their rights infringed upon.

This is America land of the free home of the brave.We should have the civil liberty to purchase and enjoy our weapons.If guns kill people how does anybody survive a gun show.The real problem is to much government in our homes on raising and discipline of our kids and doctors prescribing what they call bi polar meds.There are more baby's killed by abortion daily then any gun shootings but that's OK the government thinks.We the people of America need to get our heads outa our #$%$ and quit pointing fingers and stand tall and be proud to be an American and lead the world by example not by greed and power.Thanks for your time.Army veteran mike.God Bless or can't I say that anymore.

All they have done is awaken a sleeping giant by putting parts the constitution on the chopping block, it's a document that makes America a free country, a one of a kind country, that other countries are jelious of and want conrtol. Thats what it's all about is control the American people, money and to worry only about them selves, We are not the U.N. or any other country and never will be and if they don't like the way the Constitution is written and if they can't have there way and control us then feel free to leave this country.

GREAT!!!  Now maybe the price of ammo will go down!!!

When are these people going to get it rite?  There was no assault type weapon used in that school massacre. This is just awful uninformed journalism. I can't wait till all this #$%$ is over so I can afford to buy another AR and a few thousand rounds of 223 without having to take out a bank loan to pay for it?she must be shooting up formaldehyde.

Any and All gun legislation is UN-CONSTITUTIONAL.    The right is inalienable!  Read the Federalist papers and the Constitution.

Hey Barbara Frankenstein Venezuala is looking for a highly qualified commie to replace Chavez. You're a shoe-in.

Tar and feather Frankenstein and send her arrogant #$%$ back to where ever she came. My question is; Who keeps voting for this rag?

When are you yahoo reporters ever going to tell the truth, an assualt rifle was not used in the massacre-- it was a pistol , if you can't report the truth then back away from your keyboard and have someone tell the simple truth, this is nothing more than a ploy that our government has put in place just to destroy our rights-news flash -you ain't getting my guns

Don’t count Feinstein out just yet (as many would like, including me). She has the backing of the main man, in the oval office. And he has made it very clear if the politicians bellow him couldn’t get the job done, he’d take it upon himself, to get the job done. I’m pretty sure there is a Plan “B” and a Plan “C”.Feinstein’s bill was a clear indication, what several high power politicians, would like to do. And they will try again if given half the chance. Pressure must remain on those, who wish to place emotion before logic. Or on those who have no respect for the Constitution or the people of this country.Now, can we try enforcing the existing laws on the books? Right there Dianne Feinstein is the perfect place to be trying, to actually do some good.

Funny wonder if Feinstein knows that in her own state of California you are already not allowed to use, buy, or sell magazines that hold more than 10 rounds.  You even got to plug a shot gun to only allow it to hold 3 rounds.  If I copy and paste in college I'd get kicked out, being a senator must be nice.

"Having a separate vote on assault weapons might free moderate Democratic senators facing re-election next year in Republican-leaning states"They are not doing this for the American people "safety", all they care about is being re-elected

Everyone  keeps missing the point. It's not about the type of weapons used. It's about your legal rights to have them. It's all about the 2nd Amendment. This is only one part of the Constitutuion that the politicians are trying to take away. If they take the 2nd Amendment away all the other amendments would be easier. Unless you are part of the 1% of rich Americans or high ranking politician, you mean nothing to them. 1% rich Americans are no different an 1% Motorcycle clubs.

I don't care about the "what if's" like "what if a gang of robbers break in...then you need an assault rifle."  That is just dumb hypothetical bs.  Sure it could happen.  But I would like to own an assault rifle like an AR-15 because it is a finely crafted piece of machinery and a joy to shoot.  As a law abiding citizen, that should be my right.  Just like it is my right to own a finely tuned luxury sports car.We don't ban Maserati's and Lambo's because they have the potential to travel at excessive unlawful speeds...so where in lies the logic that makes it justifiable to ban assault weapons simply because they have the 'potential' to kill a lot of people?These traitorous corrupt politicians obviously need to start being afraid of the American people again!

What disturbs me, is Feinstein says she’s fluent regarding the Constitution. B.S.

Hey !!!! I just copied Diane's photo and put her on my dart board ... Who wants to toss darts with me ??????  These are not plastic darts my friends....

shouldn’t CRIMINAL control be more important than gun control?So Mr President I hear you want to control GunsSure would be nice if you could control spending

Feinsteins Ban on assout wepons here in Kalifornia has not stopped any crime in Oakland or Los Angeles, Fresno, Salinas, Merced    Here in Kalifornia we can not have more then 10 rounds in a magazine , or Assault style weapons, and now even trying to pass bans on certain ammo and regsitering ammo you can buy  But criminals do not obey the laws so only the law abiding citizens suffer and the murder rate which is against the law sores to new heights     Law Abiding Citizens need to protect their homes from the criminals that the politicians here in Kalifornia Paroled early and are back breaking into homes and murders and robberies etc     The gun is a tool not a sanctioned being .   The crimal element will be better off in prison to protect society .   Kalifornia has a death penalty but the liberals are agsinnst killing the killers who kill police, people and children.  Kalifornia is loaded with left liberals and the State is a backwash of #$%$

I'd bet that those cartels didn't get background checks; right Eric?

GOOD! glad to see the ugly #$%$ and obama aren't going to get their way. Besides , the gov't has been massacering our youth for decades over worthless countries.

Barry even your must buy insurance will be rescended, you will not have accomplished one thing except devaluing the dollar an increasing debt. YOU SUCK!

whats the piont, never would have passed and the mag. bill will never get out of the house , whats the piont of wasting this time and get to work on the good of the  country

OH DARN! If the The Liberals had gotten stricter gun laws passed. The criminal element in our country would be deterred by the new laws. Turn their guns in and not be crazy any more. We missed a REAL opportunity here. PLEASE  Liberals live in a fairyland.Now we need Congress to read bills fully before we get more Obama Care and Brady Bills.

Senator Reid might as well bend over, grab his ankles, and kiss his rear-end good-bye.Feinstein may not get mad, but you can bet, she will get even.

The old bat's 80 and still teetering around the halls of the senate.

I counted 375 different models of so-called assault rifles on the list. They are trying to take away our ability to protect ourselves. The Democrats can't imagine scenario where you would need one. Just because they can't think of one doesn't mean one won't present itself.How about the drug cartels that do as they please crossing our national borders.I don't know if you have ever shot a gun, but you don't hit your target all the time. Add someone shooting at you and your accuracy will drastically decrease. You need to have enough bullets in your weapon to take care of the threat to your life. The problem is there is a different use for guns in the cities than in rural areas. Dems want to CONTROL the masses and take away our rights.

These idiots are like cancer eating away at the bone. Any angle they can take to steal freedom.

1 hopefully down and out....  Now lets get rid of the high-cap mag limits!

But she's been a senator for more than 20 years?!?!?!

"I very much regret it," Feinstein, D-Calif., told reporters of Reid's decision. "I tried my best."Meaning that she regrets having to work within the confines of The Constitution. Evil old hag.

Its we the People Dianne that don't believe in gun control. DON'T FORGET THAT. You can spin gun control and NRA as demons in stopping it all you want but its we the people your political counterparts are worried about. They know we will be voting. So take your pathetic gun control legislation and go away.

GOOD ...   these politicians suck,,,  TEA PARTY is for me.Lady, go suck on a lemon. It would improve your looks.

Don't worry, this will be back. This is only to secure there "jobs" are safe after the next election. It will be back!!!!

Poor Dianna....But CHEER up, Venezuela is looking for a Dictator...you can always go there. You could vacation in Cuba and Iran!

Feinstein knew right off that the bill never had a chance of passing. More grandstandingby a politician.  We get involved in this stuff and forget all about Iran nukes, national debt, runaway entitlements etc.  Awful governing by these nitwits.

So does this mean the trolls can go back under the bridge where they belong? This issue still smells fishy to me because this "lack of support" came on really really fast and then bam the bill is out.  I don't know, I wouldnt' start celebrating just yet.

Does this hypocrite ever shut up?

Dog and pony show!

good, #$%$ feinstein

Still cant get ammo. DHS has it all.

We need to ban all corrupted politicians. and ENFORCE laws already on the books.None of it will stop the criminal from getting a gun of any type that he wants and I think it will drive the "honest" citizen into the black market to get what he wants. Larger capacity magazines and anything else that is banned. The government abounds in stupidity. Vote them out.

California.....Until you pull your head out of your #$%$ by firing this politician you hired which has regulated you into slavery you can keep what you deserve.

So who's to deside what is a Military style weapon? Sounds like an attack on assault weapons with different wording. How stupid do you think we are Finkelstien? Your an ugly old hag and lucky you live in a guarenteed vote area or you would have been voted to the curb. Any democrap in a 50/50 state who votes for any ban or change to weapons control will lose in 2014 or 2016 like the last time. That includes harry reid. Nevada loves thier weapons and the Constitution. Leave it alone!

I wonder how much pork will get added to this stuff to buy some votes

4 million NRA members,hmmm, remember when the farmers with their tractors shut down DC over fuel cost in the 70''s?

From my COLD DEAD HANDS  FREEDOM

For those who take the media at it's word: if you read the police report from the Connecticut shooting the guy never used a rifle, it was found in his trunk.

I really really don't like this women. She is a poor excuse of a human being and in no way represents what I(a smart woman)believes.  I wish she would shut her huge pie hole.

the only 2 enemys of weapons is rust and politicians

we need to get these dem. out of office,they do not believe in freedom...they want to do all of ur thinking for u......and when will they start enforcing the laws they already have on gunsFeinstein wants to add an Amendment to the constitution to restrict certain military weapons…….is she serious?……..who votes for these people?……oh yea, California…..fruits, and nuts

Parents that are in denial about their teenagers mental state or live in fear of them and enable them are responsible for these school shootings. These parents should be charged as complicit in these acts by their teens. Carter locked up the mentally ill and Reagan let them go. If I remember, their weren't to many shootings in the 70's.

Regardless, the trials for treason should already be underway...

I am so tired of these lazy reporters repeating the lie that an assault rifle was used in the Newtown shootings.  The truth is an assault rifle (or, in other less inflamatory words, a rifle) was found in the trunk of his car.

i bet if 20 congress men got shot it would be in it today.

Strike it ALL down!

Feinstein &amp; Pelosi..    Kalifornia's gift to Amerika

Guns don't kill people . PLANNED PARENTHOOD kills people .many people who favor abortion and the right to kill an unborn child are also animal rights activists.  Many members of PETA are pro-abortion.

Think it's time for Feinstein to leave.  Reminds me of a dinosaur.  EXTINCT.....

Break it into two bills to try the ole End Around play....it will still not pass the House...even though you continue to attempt to usurp the Constitution and the peoples desire!Feinstein appeared to Harry Reid in dream and it freaked him out so bad, he went even more wackadoodle.

I love they keep saying an assault rifle was "used" in New town.  It was found later in his trunk.  It wasnt fired..

if a bear attacks a child who gets too close to its cub do we ban the bear from having teeth or claws? NO the bear has the right to protect it self and cubs by any means!that is natures law!

the AR was the backbone of their plan. Now that they know it is illegal and unconstitutional they still wish to move forward with other measures. None of which will make any of us safer.Focus on getting people back to work, reduce our debt, and fix immigration. The Libertards in California see nearly 10% unemployment still and they continue to keep their heads in the sand as well.

How can we get this witch out of office?  She has just got to go she is so tiring.  It's pathetic.  She's #$%$.

now come on mothers throughout the land, pack your kids off to school each amcome on fathers don't hesitate, send your sons and daughters off before its too late,be the first one on your block, to have your kid come home in a box!!Keep those semis comin  keep those mags a rollin  !!

The only logical reason that Comrade Feinstein and her fellow Socialist Democrat anti-2nd Amendment conspirators are not charged, indicted and prosecuted for criminal violation of Oath of Office, is that most of Congress is also guilty of that crime. And much, much more.

The militia is not affiliated with the govt,it is individual citizens protecting their neighbors and country from tyranny and overreaching govt.The militia should be armed as well as the govt.You will never see the liberal media stating the truth it doesn't help them push the dictator and his cronies agenda of fear mongering.The only laws they should be considering is funding better security for schools.Enforce the laws we have,illegal trafficking of firearms is already illegal so why a new law stating the same thing.ENFORCEMENT NOT MORE LAWS IDIOTS

Can't wait til next year when the Dims cease all gun control talk and start pretending to be  Gun-loving NRA patriots.

Harry was bought under the table. He is spineless.just focus on what needs to be done, BUDGET, cut spending. Fix this and all the economy and other major issues will go away. Stop pushing feel good junk that does nothing but interfere with the constitution.

there should be no gun bill in the first place......

Awwww --- poor Dianne --- She needs to go back to the kennel..

What we americans need is a bill that states that any politician that has the audacity to chip away at the u.s. Constitution will be tried for treason. Also produce a bill that will ban all super pacs and the aipac.

Does it matter it is still a gun bill and thus unconstatutional?

Feinstein has clearly demonstrated her hatred of the constitution. Obvious signs of dementia every time this evil witch opens her mouth.She should be tried for treason and locked away for the rest of her miserable life. Her Husband should be forced to return the hundreds of millions he's made off of her "legislation"She's old and irrelevant, an "anti-freedom" little tyrant that needs to be shown the door.

I really hope everyone remembers this assault on our rights in 2016... and during the next senate elections..

Her proposed ban is nothing like her 1994 Assault Weapons Ban Bill.. Her proposed bill actually redefined Assault Weapons, not only by changing two (1994) Features to One (present) feature, but by overal length from 26 inches to 30 inches. Her proposal makes any rifle with a thread barrel (muzzle brakes, flash suppressor) an assault rifle.. She was intentionally being sneaky. Also if you rifle is now deemed an Assault Rifle it is placed in the Restrictive category CL III and you would have had to pay a two hundred dollar tax to keep your gun and fill out a boatload of paper work.

The gun bill needs to ban Liberals!  It is time all Freakin  liberals are voted out of office!

.002861%Of the approximate 300,000,000 firearms in the USA, this is the percentageUsed in homicides in 2011. Do not fall prey to media and political hysterics.“ Gun Owners need to Compromise “??1934 - National Firearms Act1968 - The Gun Control Act1986 - Firearms Owners Protection Act1993 - Brady Hand Gun ViolenceAct1994 - “Assault Weapons” Ban1995 - Gun Free School Zone ActWE HAVE COMPROMISED ENOUGHNo More Infringements

The Australian experience after its population was disarmed is equally dismal. Its violent crime rate is up 600+ percent with home invasions against the elderly a particularly disturbing part of this trend. Gun control is a cruel farce and a tool of socialists.Since the gun ban in Australia and you can see at Australia's websiteArmed Robberies Up 60%Assaults with Guns Up 28%Gun Murders Up 19%Home Invasions Up 21%For you non-believers, go check out the data and the FBI website, the DOM website of Great Britain and Australia's website. The facts are out there!

Don't trust them... This is a smart move... it WILL get legislation passed.  They knew they couldn't get an Assault Weapon Ban... They hyped it up to get SOMETHING,  ANYTHING passed.  Get their  foot in the door. One foot at a time.... Watch them close....

I said it before, socialism won't work in the USA. Sorry, go somewhere else.

the universal registration  clause will , and thats the whole point. that assault #$%$ was just a smoke and mirror ploy.

Feinstein should be relegated to obscurity.  She maintains delusions of adequacy as a Senator and champion of nothingness.  Where are the "statesmen" instead of the politicians?  The people of California need a gut check to ask themselves why such an inept set of losers get elected in their wonderful state.  Boxer and Feinstein--two clowns in clown clothing.

Dianne Feinstein is trying to in the least, diminish the Constitution that she swore to uphold and defend. Dianne Fienstein is an enemy of the United States of America and should be immediately removed from office as well as the rest of the DEMS that pushed the bill through. They should all be labeled as "enemy of the United States" and have their citizenship revoked

She's 80 yrs old, folks.  She's behaving her age.

Dianne Feinstein can cower and shut up forever!!!!  GOD BLESS THE NRA!!!!  best money I ever spent!!!!! HAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHA!

Good! Now arrest Diane Frankenstein and try her for sedition and treason! Sentence to be carried out pending appeals.Violating our Constitution.  That is what they are doing. We The People need to stand up and put a stop to it.

d feinstein 20 years in senate! if you are so great why is your state bankrupt?pelosi, feinstein, &amp; boxer the 3 witches that bankrupt caliporno

Hey Feinstien, instead of taking the rights away from AMERICAN CITIZENS, why dont you go after and end all the MOOCHING PARASITE ILLEGAL ALIEN BENEFITS?

Feinstein is pushing "HER" personal agenda, not what the majority of Americans that she supposedly represents want.

When are all of you gun grabbers going to post your homes as "Gun Free Zones" ?? I have not seen a single one yet. I guess maybe you are hypocrites?? You want would be robbers to think you are armed??

for those of you who do not want to follow and live by our constitution you need to leave and go to another country. That will and should satisfy you.

How about a gun ban for felon's?   Nevermind that's already in place and has also Failed!What about having cops just do their jobs and not attack those of us who haven't done anything wrong?  Stopping a tag light out or no seat belt is more important to most because its easy quick money  and no risk to the officer.Guess since she is clueless that was never even a thought huh.....2 nites ago 3 shootings in chattanooga, then a patrol car elsewhere took 5 bullets.  Last nite another teen was shot and killed here (18 years old)Most of these shootings are gang related, None of your possible "bans" to send thru will change the gang violence anywhere ever! Wake up and go after the crooks instead of America in general...

Guns did not kill 6 Million Jews,But there government did!That is Gun control at it's best !

What happened you knee jerks?  Hey, weren't there four killed with a shotgun last week?  Hey Joe Biden, what happened to your brilliant idea?If Americans were not so stupid that they need the government to tell them what to do and how the think, the Dems would be revealed as ludicrous idiots!

I wonder why the Dems (Chicago Senator Donne Trotter, et al) don't voluntarily give up their guns since it is such a good idea..."An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that revived gun control as a top issue in Washington."Complete lie.  There was no assault-type weapon used at Newtown.  Handguns did the damage there.  Yahoo couldn't find the truth unless it was up their #$%$

It aint over: "Till the Fat Lady Sings."SAY NO TO INCREASED FEDERAL BACKGROUND CHECKS.

You Lying C--T just like that berry don't care it is not a tax,  how many  taxes  have we gotten out of it yet and how many that is barred in it

Anyone else a little nervous about Gun Control Legislation being ushered in right before a looming and dangerous collapse of the Global Banking Industry?

gun control is only good for crooks and governments.and if you ask me there one in the same

the story states  that "An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that revived gun control as a top issue in Washington. Banning those firearms was among the proposals President Barack Obama made in January in response to those slayings." But  the Truth is not being told  The rifle  was  found in the trunk of the car after the shooting.. along with a shotgun..  pistols were used in the shooting .......  Don't let them cloud the Truth with lies  to try to place a ban on certain weapons how about  just enforce the laws we have now?  or make any crime  with guns  envolved  a Federal case ..

Don't Tread on me Sheeps!

Dianne Feinstein is an insult to woman suffrage.

On .. so there's only going to be a little tyranny.... Screw the democrats.... How many weak democrats will for got these people again..  duh Democrat good .... No need rights ... Only need government..... Govrmint gud

Dementia is a good thing. Right Diane? Harry? Anybody?Next step will be to bring in front of the U.N. Trust me. They will try. We don't need the United nations telling us what guns we can or can not have, they can rarely take care of themselves.

When it comes to Feinstein I find the common British term of "twit" to work adequately.

If criminal have assualt weapons and the government, so can the good guys.

They are better off regulating psychotropic drugs for the mentally ill than regulate assault weapons for law-abiding citizens.

A free people ought not only be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammuunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government!George Washington

Feinstein, Reid, Pelosi, Obama.......the Dems have so much to be proud of don't they. Barf.

About time, now lets concentrate on the economy and getting people back to work!

What,  And no one is talking about Gabby's husband Mark Kelly buying an AR15.

Now that gun owners are getting some of recognition maybe its time to get some of our rights back instead of the Dems thinking we will negotiate and give them some of what they want.

The politico still working at any thing but what needs to be done. They keep fighting what the people keep telling them what they want. Dirtbags makes you crazy.If Gifford has a mental disability what is she doing with aGUN . And is she telling it how she thinks or ? what to say by some one.seeing that she has amental disability like a puppet on a string our is what she is sayingWhat is on her mind how do we know after she stood agents the gun ban ??Or is this a dog and pony show. Show her off for a tear or two!

The show that never ends.  This is the systematic, incremental  process of removing the tools and activities of citizens that allow them to remain free. Liberals will not rest until the vast majority of Americans are dependent upon, or incapable of resisting, Government " assistance " .

The problem with this gun control debate is that it is based on the actions of people who are or were mentally unstable.  These pro-control laws and legislators essentially put sane, law-abiding gun owners in the same category as deranged madmen in their arguments.

Tell Fienstein to get rid HER weapons and maybe she might be able stay in the Senate. Then can resign.

We should make a law to ban parking spaces within 100yards of any bar, in order to stop vehicular manslaughter from DUI's.

Ever notice that comments on pages like this are dominated by conservatives.That`s because the libs are mostly young kids,gays,and minorities that don`t read or care about what is going on.You will find the young ones that do read on the gay pages.This is hopeful because the dems. want to keep them ignorant.That means all the fools that voted for obama because of race are not going to vote in smaller elections.If it`s two white men they will not care or go to the polls.

I see the news media tried their darnest to convince us that we wanted control...fat chance!

What's the background check laws for, "gang members" ??

There was NEVER any legal, logical, or moral cause for legislating further restrictions on our second ammendment rights - which, by the letter of the law written in very simple terms, are NOT to be tampered with. Not a single claim of creating a safer America by those in favor of this legislation has been shown to have any merit whatsoever. In fact, I have been following this very closely, and what I have seen are A LOT of politicians calling for more gun control, and the majority of Americans replying they don't support it. Very telling... very telling indeed...

Now if people will just stop re electing these socialists/communists.  Read the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.  What is happening in Europe is coming.. Its why we left there, if thats the world you want go back.I bet she peed in her depends over this one. Go back to California where you fit in. Broken down, washed out road mare !!

her face is an assault weapon

It's called.. the end-a-round.. they'll add it as an admendment to the bill .. that'll show us.

good news!

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that revived gun control as a top issue in Washington. Banning those firearms was among the proposals President Barack Obama made in January in response to those slayings."keep dancing on that grave yahoo, stay classy

Feinstein, Soros, and the other anti-gun bigots must be planning something more underhanded then.

Why do these idiots keep calling the weapons assault weapons? They are not assault weapons. They are semi-automatic rifles. Yo, #$%$, get it right.

You can sit on your duffs in Washington and decide what's best for the rest of us peons out here but when push comes to shove it will come down to you having to personally disarm 50+ million of us that WILL shoot first.  Our gov't has become worthless....repubs &amp; dems alike....but the people of this country are prepared to take a stand.  If you THINK house to house is awful in Afghanistan, you have NOOOOOO idea what bad can be.

Quit hoarding ammo, it's spring and I like to compete. I need a min of 400 rounds a month to train and shoot matches. Maybe I will join the tomahawk throwing league. I find them assaulting :o)

"I tried my best" (to step all over the 2nd amendment)....says Feinstein.  Come 2014...ALL of these politicians who want to disarm Americans and trash the 2nd amendment need to be retired by being voted out.You know the news reports even had to correct themselves and say that the AR 15 that Lanza had was LEFT IN THE CAR.  So why are the idiots in the senate on the left focusing on a weapon that wasnt even used.

Does every democrat woman have googly eyes, look haggard and lez like?

One step at a time, eh Harry?

"Give us our Liberty or bring on your drones"either way,we both lose-just you first

When it comes to backround checks the options seem pretty simple. Either expand them to cover all sales or scrape them and let anyone who wants to buy a gun. The way it is written now with major loopholes that allows bad folks to get around backround checks is just plain dumb.

If it is not assult weapons, then what are they talking about?

Well it's something, I hope none of it passes. Hopefully she'll shrivel up and go far far away.

Talk about "crime in the face"......

Alan Fram, your are a jack a!@

A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringedReal American my #$%$!

She'll go home tonight and throw a tantrum. Man I wish she didn't represent my state. I'm sure she'll try to pass the ban on a state level.

Good riddance, can’t wait to say the same to her as well !

I'm sure the point of sliding the assault weapons ban as an amendment is to hide it from the public when it does go for a vote.  It will be amended to something that no one cares about so that it can slip through.  Feinstein is a #$%$.

They can write all the unconstitutional gun laws they want but criminals will still have them.On 21 September, 2010, A. Brian Albritton, United States Attorney for the Middle District of Florida issued a press release on Operation Castaway:“United States Attorney A. Brian Albritton, Virginia O’Brien, Special Agent in Charge of central and northern Florida Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) operations, and Susan McCormick, Special Agent in Charge, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Homeland Security Investigations, Tampa Field Office announce the initial results of Operation Castaway, an intensive and wideranging Organized Crime and Drug Enforcement Task Force (OCDETF) firearms trafficking investigation conducted by ATF, ICE, the Orange County Sheriff’s Office, the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office, the Brevard County Sheriff’s Office, and the Miami-Dade Police Department. ATF describes Operation Castaway as the most significant firearms trafficking investigation in Central Florida history.“According to court documents, a group of defendants connected to Hugh Crumpler, III, were involved in a major international gun trafficking operation. . . . Firearms like those involved in this investigation are often smuggled through Honduras and other Central and South American countries before being used in violent crimes in Mexico and other countries in the region. A number of the firearms trafficked by the defendants in Operation Castaway have been linked to violent crimes around the world.The press release concluded, "This case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys J. Bishop Ravenel and E. Jackson Boggs. Operation Castaway remains an ongoing investigation."

Seeing that picture of her makes me want to turn in my guns and turn gay at the same time!

Yet another reason why we need Term Limits. Career politicians cause more harm than guns ever will.

remember all the traitors that pushed this when their elections come around!

They are going to take all the guns in bite sized amount so one day you wake up and realize that you are not allowed to own a gun.  This was too big of a bite for now.

The people who elected Feinstein should be proud of her for trying. The rest of us will be thankful for her partial failure.The people who elected Feinstein should be proud of her for trying. The rest of us will be thankful for her partial failure.

Wrong!!!! An assault weapon was not used in the Newtown Connecticut shooting. The AR-15 was found in the killers car, in the parking lot, but not used in the shootings.

Yeah .... You think democrats will read it before passing it ... Americans were fed a new tax called Obamacare ... Your paying for that illegal Mexican that doesn't show ID to vote and doesn't get a IRS fine for not having government regulated health insurance ...

Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is too old for this job.

the republicans should vote against the bill anyway, reid hopes to pass this bill and then attach the assault weapons bill to another bill, slimy democrats...

All for show. Feinstein  knew it wouldn't pass but wanted the face time... More politics and glad-handing to get votes in the midterm elections.

stop the bullchett on guns ,and forsure i do believe some demacrats should not have guns and she is one !!!, most murders and killings shooting, facts&gt; now made by demacrats, o my ,befour your feeling are hurtie, go check  the facts wow the pie is one sided ,dumb as,s whom want any part of my gun,i hunt food and respect mine and know what to not do with a gun are wepon,this is one of them not what to do but the no count demacrats whom do it are no count

Aw, poor swinestein. I guess she gets a little dose of "shall not be infringed". Maybe someone should get her a dictionary to go along with that.

Wonder what cnn,cnbc have to say NOW !

Please make it overly abundantly clear to the "average" American (Moi)...While the Facebook Dad was busy having his house 'run through' by the Police, and support network of our Law Enforcement;  what actual 911 emergencies were unassisted?Over that entire time period, from pillar to post?There goes the deficit!feinstein is an american traitor! 6th grade my #$%$, dumfuk dropout looser #$%$

that evil witch who headlines this article is crooked as the day is long...another goody-two shoe abused/abandonned/tortured  by her father lesbian taking it out on the rest of us w/o pathologies

I tell you, you voters in California,Colorado, New York and Illinois sure are ignorant..

Guns are as American as apple pie.  Beat it u commies.  2014 is payback.

Guns don't kill people . PLANNED PARENTHOOD kills people .Planned Parenthood receives around $540 million a year of taxpayer money.  Supposedly, the majority of those funds are to be used for family-planning and women’s health, but Alliance Defending Freedom believes their primary focus is meeting their ever increasing quota of abortions.

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown ..."  A LIE.

Don't give frankenstein anything , enforce the thousands of laws already on the books .

#$%$ democrats and they Marxist ideas of destroy US and our rights.

There is no way a weapons ban will pass Congress.  Nor should it.  Congress (especially democrats) need to get it through their collective heads that criminals don't care what or how many laws Congress passes.  And the American people are getting more than tired of governmental incompetence and interference in their lives.

that feinstein needs to be banned. what an old hag.TERM LIMITS NOW!D.R.I.P - Don't Reelect Incumbant Politicians!

Whats the difference between Feinstein and a Catfish?One is a bottom feeding #$%$ sucker, the other is a fish.

A very ugly woman, inside and out.

I would like to take Feinstein's bill, have it printed on toilet paper rolls, and use it to wipe my #$%$ with

SHOOT ALL DEMOCRATS !!!!!!!

Won't it be great when the Republicans are destroyed and we have a 1 party system? Then we will get a close up look at tyranny in it's finest form!

What she meant was, "I very much regret" that darned Constitution.

Time to vote alot of these people out of office. There not working for American people.

The real focus needs to be on mental health.  If we need universal background checks, so be it.

what we need is a ban on liberal democrates !Too late, Dems. You've been once again unmasked as the gun confiscation party. When you thought you had all the cards your true colors came out.Democrats want TOTAL gun confiscation. This setback will NOT stop them.Next time some lunatic steals a gun and murders a bunch of white kids (Democrats' preference) in another gun-free zone we'll be right back where we started.

i still am pretty sure that the only use an assault rifle saw in Sandy Hook was by the police SWAT teams.  But hey, if that were reported, Feinstein and the rest of the goof troop wouldn't have much to go on.

I do not get this; trying to ban US citizens from having a gun, but let’s this country be invaded by ILLEGALS and do nothing except pamper them.

Its a fake out......Now ya see it.....Now ya dont.Oh yeah, those guns?....we'll be confiscatin em anyway.Granny Feinstein.....time to go home and feed the cats.

Ohio: Sheriffs taking a stand against new gun lawsThe Boone County Fiscal Court has joined a growing list of county governments and sheriff's departments around the country in approving a resolution against the enforcement of mandates that restrict gun ownership.Boone County Judge executive Gary Moore said the county had a responsibility to show its support for the Second Amendment and Sheriff Mike Helmig, who has indicated he won't enforce such mandates.

Our rights are not giftsfrom the  government !!!!!

Google the Protocols of the learned elders of zion...Use your brain to determine which ones are true and which ones they are still working on. Control of the press is one of them...Gun Grabbing is another...taking over the court system...controling the money, destroying the constitution and many more...

US GOVERMENT CAN KISS MY #$%$!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

POWER TO THE PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

What kind of loser votes for Feinstein?At about 9:35 am, using his mother's Bushmaster XM15-E2S rifle,[19][20][21] Lanza shot his way through a locked glass door at the front of the school.[22][23] He was wearing black clothing, earplugs and an olive green utility vest, carrying magazines for the rifle.[24][25] Initial reports that he had been wearing body armor were incorrect.[26] Some of those present heard initial shots on the school intercom system, which was being used for morning announcements.[15]Lanza stopped shooting between 9:46 am and 9:49 am after firing 152 rounds.[55][56] He reloaded frequently during the shooting, sometimes firing only fifteen rounds from a thirty-round magazine.[25] He shot all of his victims multiple times, and at least one victim, six-year-old Noah Pozner, 11 times.[57][58] Most of the shooting took place in two first-grade classrooms near the entrance of the school, where he killed fourteen in one room and six in the other.[59] The student victims were eight boys and twelve girls, between six and seven years of age,[60] and the six adults were all women who worked at the school.20 CHILDREN KILLED WITH MULTIPLE SHOTS EACH ONE SIX YEAR OLD 11 TIMESCONGRATULATIONS YOU ALL HAVE THE BLOOD ON THOSE 20 CHILDREN ON YOUR HANDSYOU'RE ALL AS GUILTY AS ADAM LANZA

"A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for he is known and carries his banner openly. But the traitor moves amongst those within the gate freely, his sly whispers rustling through all the alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. For the traitor appears not a traitor; he speaks in accents familiar to his victims, and he wears their face and their arguments, he appeals to the baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men. He rots the soul of a nation, he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of the city, he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less to fear. The traitor is the plague."Marcus Tullius Cicero

SOOOOOOOOOOO Congress leaders only put proposed legislation up for debate and eventual vote that they believe will pass. Considering the Congressional record on meaningless and moronic laws &amp; rules that have passed maybe if they do the opposite, allowing debate to determine which bills will be voted on, they can stop their continual streak of failing.

2-faced old bat senile kkuunntts in our gov are rare, and this one need to be judged a treasonous slime zionazi criminal, so do it america. she is against americans, all of us, so punish her for this traitor trick, again, after her failure end of last century she should have been jailed for the last failed crime reduction fraud attempt to disarm america. if she can carry, so can we all. F you feinsteinazi. F you. go to hell.

HEY biosh, we the people will never give up the right to keep and bear arms, this means we will own and rightly lawfully carry arms, at will, just like YOU DO RIGHT NOW, so stick it up yours, biosh kkuunntt. F you zionazi #$%$. treasonous idiot. you need jail biosh. at best.

Will some one please punch this kkuunntt out. please? and tell it why? look at that crazy old bat senile face. no light on in there. period.

Who does this #$%$ think she is? punish her, america. do not let this idiot ruin the constitution in any way, or even try to.

Every law abiding citizen should follow Senator Feinstein's and Chuck Shumer's example and get a concealed carry permit and pack heat everywhere they go.

Dear Associated Press and other Liberal rag services,An assault-type weapon was NOT used in the incident at Newtown, CT.  We know you tailor and interpret the news but do you think once you could at least tell the truth?  What a bunch of stoneheads you present yourselves as!

Anti gun people will never be satisfied till ALL THE GUNS are gone. You give them an inch and they take a mile.DON'T SAY ADAM DIDN'T WARN YOU!! THE NEXT 20 KIDS MIGHT BE YOURS!!

It's time to vote Feinstein OUT OF OFFICE!

The dog n pony show is over, when high cap mags are banned and background checks pass NRA can still claim a victory, does anyone not think this was the plan?

In Texas, in 2011, there were 518,625 active Concealed Handgun Licenses, but only 120 total convictions.  And the general population over age 21 is over 15 times as likely to commit any offense than a legally carrying person.  ( texaschlforum )On the other hand, between 1,806 and 2,510 people in the U.S. are murdered annually by illegal aliens.         ( wnd )Hey Diane, how about going after criminals and leave us law-abiding citizens alone.

Connecticut already has an "assault weapons" ban, and some of the most comprehensive gun control in the nation. In fact, the Brady Campaign against gun violence ranks Connecticut as the 5th best state out of 50 in what they consider to be effective gun laws. With this tragedy happening in a state with the fifth best gun control, I fail to see how implementing a national AWB would help matters, when a state AWB didn't stop this incident from occurring. ironic that the shooter did not use a high capacity magazine he just brought extras? All so Lanza’s broke 42 laws do you think he carded about backing 43

Couldn't PRINT gold yeah?

Feinstein's Bill another casualty of those darn imploding bullets.

she still has a chance to add this bill as an amendment, and sneak this in the back door on say the background check bill, mag bill, or even a health bill that no one will even think of it being in.  having it as an amendment in my eyes could even be worse cause we may not even know what bill it was put into till it was to late to fight.

thids reporters facts are wrong. an asault rifle was found in the connecticut killers car. he killed those kids and teachers with handguns. Looks like the democrats with sense are seeing that a gun ban is political suicide, plus just might start a civil war

Maybe it is me but has anyone since the election heard them talk much about job creation? And the things that were all truly concerened about? . No its guns its illegal's its gay marriage what a puppet show this brown clown is running.Now if they could just get this silly spending problem under control.

The Brady Act requires that background checks be conducted on individuals before a firearm may be purchased from a federally licensed dealer, manufacturer or importer—unless an exception applies. If there are no additional state restrictions, a firearm may be transferred to an individual upon approval by the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) maintained by the FBI. In some states, proof of a previous background check can be used to bypass the NICS check. For example, a state-issued concealed carry permit usually includes a background check equivalent to the one required by the Act. Other alternatives to the NICS check include state-issued handgun purchase permits or mandatory state or local background checks.Section 922(g) of the Brady Act prohibits certain persons from shipping or transporting any firearm in interstate or foreign commerce, or receiving any firearm which has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign commerce, or possessing any firearm in or affecting commerce. These prohibitions apply to any person who:1.Has been convicted in any court of a crime punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year;2.Is a fugitive from justice;3.Is an unlawful user of or addicted to any controlled substance;4.Has been adjudicated as a mental defective or committed to a mental institution;5.Is an alien illegally or unlawfully in the United States;6.Has been discharged from the Armed Forces under dishonorable conditions;7.Having been a citizen of the United States, has renounced U.S. citizenship;8.Is subject to a court order that restrains the person from harassing, stalking, or threatening an intimate partner or child of such intimate partner, or;9.Has been convicted in any court of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence.10.Has a record of being a felonSection 922(n) of the Act makes it unlawful for any person who is under indictment for a crime punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year to ship or transport any firearm in interstate or foreign commerce, or receive any firearm which has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign commerce.[1]Currently, 92% of Brady background checks through NICS are completed while the FBI is still on the phone with the gun dealer.[2] In rare cases, a gun purchaser may have to wait for up to three business days if the NICS system fails to positively approve or deny his/her application to purchase a firearm. If a denial is not issued within those three days, the transfer may be completed at that time.i could copy n paste more but america wake up research and demand better this background check didnt expire along side the clinton AWB. there are laws allready in place fix the broken ones dont add new ones

A pen in the hand of this presidentIs far more dangerous then a gunIn the hands of 200 millionLaw-abiding citizens!!!

That awkward moment when your NobelPeace prize-winning President won’t promiseNOT TO KILLUS citizens ?Martin Luther King: I HAVE A DREAM...Obama: I HAVE A DRONE...

"I very much regret it," Feinstein, D-Calif., told reporters of Reid's decision. "I tried my best."   She is pretending to give up, and give the American people the idea we have beaten her and her assault weapon ban. But, watch out, her real motive here is to shove a "universal background check" by us while we are not looking. Then she has the way and means to push for registration of all guns. What a snake in the grass she is!

Again not reported by ABC, CNN nor MSNBC, Gabby Gifford pictured at the range after shooting her AR-15.

TRAITOR Feinstein isn't a 6th grader. Of course not, even a 6th grader has more respect for the Bill of Rights, and United States Constitution.

All this fuss about gun control, heck I can control my gun just fine.

Unfortunately Obummer is trying to tie the US in with the UN GUN TREATY which is a typical liberal way of doing things. Laws and procedure liberals don't have follow them just everyone else!!!

Frankenstein should stick to ballroom dancing.If these progressives would just learn to stop treating law abiding gun owners as their serfs , stop lying about the reasons to ban things and stop thinking they are kings and queens. We the people are the ones they work for but communists don't like to work that way they have to be in control ask Josef Stalin, Nicky Krucheif any idiot who likes a commie govnt

This is all just a sneaky move to push in a "universal background check" to get control of ALL our guns.

That's the One thing that should be bannedIDIOTS!

The public generally doesn't have access to "real" assault (military) weapons anyway.  The Liberals think that if a gun "looks like" an military weapon, it is verrry  deadly.  I can promise you  that the murders in Newtown and Aurora could have been every  bit as effective if carried out with a shotgun.   The  legislation needs to deal with the PEOPLE end of the problem, NOT the hardware end.

The government wants to ban magazines over 10 rounds so we can not out number them when the revolution starts....anyone with half a brain knows that it doesn't matter...give two tens or a twenty.  Only takes seconds to drop magazine and put full one in...this is all smoke and mirrors.  When the time comes..and it is just around the corner.....they will understand. Assault weapon was not used at Newtown...it was in trunk...Frankenstein needs to stick to what she knows best...being ugly!

I understand that the public is outraged over the recent shooting tragedies.  I think some further regulation in the forms of backround checks, closing the secondary market loophole, and putting in place harsher penalties for interstate trafficking make sense, however the empirical evidence doesn't support an assault weapons ban.  It is effectively just banning scary-looking guns.

Why does that airhead and reid think they can impose their liberal minded thinking on the responsible gun owners,bunch of obama puppets.

what a great bunch men we had in the framers of our constitution their iq must of been very high or did they just use common sense?

I wish they'd put this work into solving the debt issue, and leave the guns alone!

maybe this worthless #$%$ can dry up and blow away nowNow maybe I  can get that lower I've been wanting....

I say we ban all Out of Date, Out of Touch, senators!!!

maybe this worthless #$%$ can dry up and blow away now

LOL, Feinstein and the dems know their careers are in jeopardy if they continue with this gun grabbing nonsense.  2014 elections will be all about gun control, and the dems who push for it no matter what level of government they serve should be thrown in the uemployment line.

the ar was NOT "used"  in newtown...  #$%$ poor reporting.

Feinstein absolutely did try her best....to put forward a Marxist inspired ban that would've infringed upon the only right that protects and ensures ALL other rights!!!  She is disgusting.  No wonder the NRA gives Harry Reid an A+ rating.  For a democrat, at least he still resembles an American.

Gun control will come through the U.N. It already started a few months ago with the U.N. passing the global hand gun ban that will include America. Step by step just like a cancer right before our eyes! our leaders are doing everything they can to discredit our constitution!

We should have an open hunting season for liberal dumphucs and this country would be much better for it.

GOOD!  Now we ALL have assault weapons!!! .sooo  when #$%$ hits the fan?  WE WILL USE THEM AGAINST THE CRIMINAL RULING CLASS!THX!!

Sen. Dianne Feinstein should just keep out of the PEOPLES business. Go back to your Red Hat Society social lunches and leave America alone! She is an A1 typical Californian!i never seen i day of difference when the last ban took place until it ended most people probably didnt even realize the last one ended

Yahoo news! Hello? No assault weapon was used in the school massacre!!! Get your facts straight! It was found in the trunk of the car!

Just AR's? not the other ones? Why would she limit AR-15's and not Cetme's, MP's, remingtons and whatnot? Why the AR's? I don't own one but I have a mini 14, is that banned too?

Maybe that's not in the bill, but what other junk is crammed into this bill?

I hope that old #$%$ chokes

Harry please debate the spending and budget instead. Do your damn job!

Just remember who voted for what in NOV .

One would be on her assault weapons ban, which also includes a ban on ammunition magazines that carry more than 10 rounds of ammunition. The second would just be on prohibiting the high-capacity magazine clips... What a waste of time, money, and effort!Also, if voters were as passionate about their elected politicians as they are about the sports team they root for, I am willing to bet we would get a lot more done! I think Ms. Feinstein should be booed off the field!PS Speaking of "Booing", I am thinking about "Booing" Rand Paul! What is he doing?

Hypocrites, they cry about wanting to ban assault weapons and latest bill they put up doesn't have it, #$%$.

Bunch of nutcases on here...is tomorrow a school holiday?Ever since this community #$%$ got into the W.H. I feel like Im living in that movie "They Live".

Altogether as a Tax payer , we have to vote to ban Feinstein out the Senetor job.

Cool, now everybody can get a bazooka, to stop a bad guy with a bazooka you need a good guy with a drone.

The ban she was looking for the the complete ban on guns (except for politicians). This is a Marxist idea. What do you expect from the liberal infested state of California.

Whats needed is our constitution and bill of rights obeyed,one the 14th ammendment needs fixing,and things like fast and furiouse PROSECUTED!.We need to remove the Mentally ill from obtaning any wepons!.If you deserve loosing your second ammendment because you kill in cold blood than Hang in the Center of town,we could sell dods and drinks!.Just think of the spectcal of watching someone get there neck streched on national TV!.Prevention!.

Don"t think for a minute that this is over............these Gun Control Politicians are like snakes in the grass, they will try to sneak something in under your nose.  Just like every other Bill they pass (like Obamacare) only to find out later how bad we were lied to.  Keep Watch!Your freedoms are at stake.

Dianne failed to get control of us again.  Chalk up another win for freedom.  Be careful though, don't make them extremely angry or the libs will send a drone after your #$%$.

Rush nailed it today. These morons are worried about getting reelected in the upcoming election. Pure and simple. They are not going to #$%$ off all the voters in gun friendly states to try to make Feinstein look good. Hannity had a video on last night of Feinstein saying that she carrys a firearm for protection. Flip-flop Flip-flop. Now Hillary did a reversal and supports gay marriage. Flip-flop. They are all trying to get alligned to be on the correct side of controversal issues so that they can get more votes. Spineless Idiots.

So it's all about getting re-elected!  nothing about saving lives, stopping mass shooting, etc, etc.!  And now Republicans are supporting gays and illegals!  All for re-elections!!

what a wigwhat a wig

An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn.( THIS IS A PURE LIE!!!!!!!!!!! THE WEAPON WAS FOUND IN THE TRUNK  OF THE CAR LATER AND COULD NOT HAVE BEEN USED, SINCE THE SHOOTER WAS ALREADY DEAD!!)

Go back to the morgue b ! % @ #...get out of my U.S.A. !!!

I guess Dianne Feinstein is really disappointed.  She was brought almost to the point of sexual climax just thinking of snatching the second amendment from the Constitution when that mean old Harry Reid stopped rubbing her button.

Now that this old wind bag has realized she can't win, hopefully she'll go away. How old is she??? We need younger people WITH term limits in the senate. None of this #$%$ where they hang around for decades...and no pensions after serving one term! Get a job! Why can't the current laws just be enforced??? Why can't we punish criminals that use guns with stiff penalties, as opposed to plea deals and early release? Why can't our government stop the illegal gun trade? I'm not opposed to background checks, but people like Senator Feinstein would wipe out the 2nd amendment all together if she could. NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!!!  YOU LOST!!!

Her best would be to resign!!!!!!

The main stream media also for got to mention that the AR15 used in the theater shooting in CO jammed and was discarded. Most damage was done with a hand gun. And yes it was a tragity. They kill and injure more people in Chicago every week than were hurt or killed in Co theater shooting. So where is the out rage over that.

Feinstien and Obamma both need to be thrown out of office. They both are a major threat to our country!!!!!!

Meanwhile, how many of these "scary black guns" were bought by people who would have never bought one, other than to say F-you to Sen Feinstein?

Almost another massacre on a college campus yesterday.    These gutless politicians make me sick.  Maybe some mental will get the NRA leader,  I hope he has a huge magazine.Feinstein is an enemy of the United States of America.

Here my plan the government cant enforce the laws they have, so would they be able to enforce newones, the can pass all they want but Ill still keep my guns and carry one when I want, kinda like the real crimals do.....Pretty soon they will want to make a law when we can legally take a #$%$...but thats just me...

Guess someone up in Washington looked up what "Shall NOT be Infringed upon" meant.

let this be a message to the politician "gun grabbers"; We've got our eyes on YOU!

News article sells mild gun control ... One bite of a donkey at a time.  To much donkey to eat all at once.  .. we shouldn't be eating a donkey s(h)it

Federal background checks for firearms buyers, increase federal penalties for illegal gun trafficking.  Does this include our government or are they above the law?  Can anybody say, "Fast and Furious"?

I'll bet the criminals are relieved that assault weapons won't be banned.  In Feinstein-land, they wouldn't have been able to use them!

I wish these politicians that have body guards realize banning anything creates criminals to go around the loopholes. They can buy guns from straw buyers galore from Indiana and use them in crimes in Chicago. Get real and do one law for every state, you pass the test, you own the gun. The minute it's traced back to you without you reporting it, then let the obvious follow, law-wise, constitutionalized, etc. It is the legal straw buyer that gets to buy as many as he wants, say in Indiana, then sells to gangs in Chicago. That's the rift that Congress has to acknowledge. They have body guards, even out of office, retired. I say, if you are legal, nothing to worry about. But, if the gun is missing or traced back to you when you purchase too many, then you are part of the problem. We have the right to own guns for protection. It is the idiots that attend shows and buys ten, twenty etc., then sells to the gangs. That's the part that is so easy to resolve...yet...politicians are liars...or they are just plain born into the role with family connections and don't care. I just want one gutty politician to turn in the others with gang connections. Same with cops and chiefs and MAYORS.

Quit waisting our money and time. Look what has happen to ca. And you think it's good. The state is broke and just keeps raising taxes cause people like you blow every dollar you get. Do us all a favor and quit!!!!  i thank god someone was smart enough to see what blood shed would of come from this if the law had passed.

Feinstein is a evil cancer. This woman is a #$%$ who steals from the taxpayer. Even with all this, the stupid Dumborats vote the feces pile in again and again. Richer than 500 working fools that vote her in, yet this vile human acts like she is on your side. Stupid idiots. Look up how much her husband has made off the Iraq war and foreclosures. Yeah, the Rupublicans are the only ones who work with corporations, idiots."An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn."  Who wrote this article?  Where's the editor?  Two (2) pistols were brought into the Sandy Hook Elementary school.  The assault-TYPE ( look-alike ) rifle was left in the car's trunk &amp; never used !!!

Any bets when the next mass murder happens that makes Newtown look minor?To do nothing is just that! We need more brave political leader as President Barack Hussein Obama!

Mark Kelly: Congress should act to limit the sale of assault weaponsBut he went to a gun shop to get one?And He tells every one he just wanted to show how easy it was to get one?But it has been 10 days he still don’t have one ? How is this easy?May be he needs to go see Eric ??

Anton Scalia said it best. The right to bear arms as provided by the second amendment is "NOT" absolute. Guns can be regulated, just like free speech is not an absolute right as provided by the first amendment. For instance you cant yell fire in a crowded theater. You may also not slander or Lible another person.

Obama's 'universal background checks' are for the law-abiding citizens, not for Chicago gang leaders and crooked politicians.

In a recent U.S. Supreme Court decision, a majority of justices ruled that the government cannot ban an entire class of weapons (in this case, handguns) that are commonly used by law abiding gun owners for legitimate reasons, such as self defense. The government could argue that semi-automatic weapons are not commonly used for self defense, but it's still unclear how the Supreme Court might rule.

They see they are losing voters, lets face it, that's ALL they care about!

Humans will always find ways to destroy one another, all the way back to Cain and Able.Society has to change.

Funny how "Liberal Progressives" are only willing to go backward on one issue, isn't it?When someone wants to take away your gun, that's when you NEED a gun

this is one of those idiots in gov that makes the rightminded reaction to their crimes seem angry, and crazy, NO FECES, IT IS DESERVED TO BE SUCH, but it is only the  just and proper defense of our freedoms, and they are constantly under zionazi and fascist, and commie trash socialist immie gimmie attack. so say we all. never rest, always watch for more of this treason, and punish her and any others like her. now now now. sheeple. why is she not in jail?? ask yourself why!Dear DiFi:You repeatedly flap your hideous, leathery lips together lecturing us on how much more enlightened, moral and educated you are than the rest of us proles.  You continually harangue us with how we must trust you and your cabal to know and do what is best for us.  You harp shrilly on one string, year after year about your superiority.  Well, honey, here's a nice juicy historical quote for you:   "You have sat too long for any good you have been doing.  Depart, I say; and let us have done with you. In the name of God, go!"--Oliver Cromwell.

she just neeeds her a (S) (S)  kicked a lot.

aLL YA HAVE TO DO IS LOOK AT THAT OLD SENILE IDIOT FACE, AND KNOW HATRED FOR ALL ZIONAZI EVIL SHE SPEWS INDISCRIMINATELY, AT ALL AMERICANS, and dares to remain in "public service". right. serve herself more and more undeserved tax money for what?? what did she ever do in her many terms that anyone benefitted from? name it!! I will bet she gave herself raises many many times, too. this arrogant kkuunntt needs jail at best. shut her up this instant. we the people demand it. right now. out with her dumb senile arze.

If our troops in Afghanistan and Iraq are fighting for our freedom... We need to bring them home right away... Here is where we need them....

"I very much regret it," Feinstein, D-Calif., told reporters of Reid's decision. "I tried my best."..lmfao ..And not good enough BIT [CH].!!!! We should ban you, you USELESS fkin troll !!! Your getting nothing, NOTHING !! Banned..This is AMERICA land of the FREE. What part of that do you not understand ??? ..Your short on every vote on every bill. It'll go no where. The people and the US CONSTITUTION have spoken....

Progressives ARE the tyranny the founding fathers warned against.  That is why the 2nd amendment was put in place to tell these b/\st/\rds to back the f\/(k off us liberty loving people!

Ny state republicans would have roll on the ground and happily approved the feinstein bill.

Of course it wont. Harry Reid is an a$$hoIe

From what I read in the media we need to: 1. Save all mexicans.  2. Shoot all Republicans. 3. 3. Take all the money that was earned and give it to the unproductive poor. 4. Don't ever call a homosexual a deviant.

well, I guess whatever they were hiding with all this commotion is over, wonder what we missed while they put on this show?Dear "Di-Fi:"Suck it.  Suck it long and suck it hard.Sincerely,American Citizens

Oath of Office “I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.”   they will lie and say about anything to gain control, power and money!

Harry Reid finally came to his senses. Here in Nevada, gambling and prostitution without assault rifles would be like a day without sunshine.

Oath of Office “I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.” Now to some of you Anti-gun commies that use the excuse the Constitution is out dated (when only applies to Guns). I guess our Government didn't get the memo!

Ban her out of U.S. Senetor job !

Black and Latino children are killed everyday by gangs using illegal guns. Liberal politicians, mostly rich white liberal politicians, only get upset when it is white children getting killed by some white psycho. Talk about racist.

we dont need a weapons ban,what we need is for these idiots in politics and the ignorant whitehouse extended media to quit popping it up on tv every time something happens.I know they arent that stupid,well they may be but if they would quit putting it out there every minute of the day this would slow down,look at how many shootings have occured since all these idiots started showing it every time something happens and quit giving these MENTAL idiots their 5sec of fame,mental cases will always have issues but the democrap party needs to quit fueling the fire.I have never seen any kind of gun in my 40+ yrs just get up and go shoot someone by itself without a hand holding it,and they dont load themselves.fix the mental issues of america.PS the whitehouse needs to clean its own backyard before it starts trying to clean mine.

Is there any way to get rid of the disabled out-of-touch "assault weapons" in our Senate called Reid, Pelosi and Feinstein?

If I ever do something bad enough to go to hell I'm pretty sure she will be there as my girlfriend.  Nightmares just looking at her.

she is an idiot and doesn't know the difference between a paperclip and elastic band.Poor feinstein, her communist agenda is beginning to fall on ever increasingly deaf ears. If the ignorant libtards would just admit that the problem isnt guns, but the criminals who use them, gun violence could be drastically reduced. Start rounding up the gang bangers and stop letting dangerous criminals out of prison and watch the issue become a mute point. Ive watched an entire series called gangland that proves where the problem is. She should ban violent street gangs instead of violating the second ammendment....thecommunist #$%$.

Now is the time to get machine guns back as an NFA gun.

Firing pins are banned though.  Move these trash politicians out.

Watch out. The next thing they will offer up is an amendment to Obamacare which will mask their purpose. Hey, we'll give you concesssions on Obamacare, but we want to write a clause that guns increase medical cost, so they must be banned, or additional taxes for guns and ammunition(similar to gas) sold to the public as a means to fund bad legislation and attempt to control gun sales. This is all a distraction to pull attention from the budget and Obamacare. The 2nd amendment is clear. Their legislation will fail if we stay vigilant! You don't see the government limiting film makers or game makers that portray gun violence to the public; many times to the very young. That audience grows up playing the games, seeing the movies, at the end, everyone survives, so they think it is ok, or cool to try in real life.Give it to Obama, he has done one thing... He has armed uneducated people that would not have owned a gun otherwise. Why are they armed, out of fear that they will not have the ability to own a firearm in the future. If society won't put their money in to the economy on their own, they will fear it in to us.How many of our politicians own stock in gun manufacturers or ammunition manufacturers? The Dems that know sweeping reform on guns will not pass, but keep publically pushing reform may have an alternate reason. It would be interesting to see how many have a retirement plan, have a stake in an investment group, or straight up own stock in these companies affected. Gun companies and ammunition manufacturers are having record sales and profits because of the panic.If they wanted to do something that would help, edjucate the public on how to use the weapons they have and how to recognize mental illness. Offer up edjucational programs about gun safety and how to legally protect your rights and family. Similar to learning to drive a car. Currently, the only training required is for a CHL license which requires you know the LAW about carry and conceal, and a basic shooting competency test. Instead of banning poptarts that look like a gun and punishing the child, maybe our schools should be talking about guns and how to be safe around them. If kids understand the dangers, maybe they wouldn't accidentally or intentionally shoot each other because of a curiosity. Parents need to know their responsibility and how to keep their weapons safe around family. Mental illness edjucation needs a place as well. If you have someone in your house that needs help, get them help and don't give them the ability to have access. As an owner of a weapon, we owe it to our family and society to secure our weapons at all times.

Gun owners should take people who have never shot a weapon to a gun range. I think if more people understood how much skill it takes to hit a target from even at short range.....they might not be so scared of these weapons. That said, make sure to teach them about safty as well. lol Just my oppinion, but education sometimes takes the fight out of people who do not understand or have never experienced what you experience.

They will not touch assault rifles because a really good friend and high dollar supporter of our beloved El Presiden Obama-----George Soros owns Bushmaster which makes assault rifles. Soros is also a large stockholder in Wal-Mart and after he purchased Bushmaster, Wal-Mart started selling Bushmasters. Soros also owns Progressive insurance so if you do not like Obama, do not support Bushmaster, Wal-Mart,  and Progressive Insurance with your money.

Frankenstien quit fighting a loosing battle, go after unpaid parking tickets or something!

If Feinstein knew the basics of gun safety and wasn't such a hypocrite I could take her a lot more serious

There are 53 Democrats in the Senate, plus two independents who usually vote with them. (Feinstein and Reid)That sounds so wrong. Why don't they vote the way that the people who elected them want them to.

But Harry.  DiFi is reasonably well educated and has been there so long and has put fingers in bullet holes and has come in on dead bodies...and she knows how many and what type of guns should be available for us plebes...  She knows what is best for those of us too stupid to be able to decide which guns we should be able to have.  POS OLD HAG...time to go you condescending old bag of wind...Awesome news. I want to know when ammo will be available again. This is ridiculous.

not if their smart it won't, but I wouldn't make the mistake of saying that they are!

Alan:  "An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn."No, actually that is false.  An "assault-type weapon" was found in the trunk of the automobile in the parking lot.  ALL of the shots fired at the school were fired from hand guns.

Feinstein scares me more than any perp.

there are still months of debates,and amending the bill..so beware...

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown"I was under the assumption that the AR never left the car. Did it? If not why is it in every article I see?

AHHH poor grandma's awb bill shot down in flames :)

All these laws do is help ease the fears of the population who are not educated on firearms.It does nothing to stop another tragedy.These new laws only reduce liberty, and do nothing to protect an individual.

I am amused by how politicians can be so "commited" to protecting the public, eliminating these terrible weapons, making sure children are safe......................until they realize theirvote for the ban could cost them seats in the Senate. What a bunch of hypocrites!!!!

Doesn't matter. Assault weapons ban wouldn't have made it through the House anyway.Help Colorado Recall Hickenlooper. He's signing a magazine ban TOMORROW!Petition at CHANGE DOT ORG.  SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED UPON.

Just wait an see what happens NEXT,to try an take away more of our RIGHTS. Stay safe .

Excuse me....There was NO "alleged" assault weapon used in the Newtown shooting. That is a FLAT OUT LIE!!!!!!!!!

Its ironic that Dianne Feinstein is in the position of power that she is because of a gun &amp; murder.  Harvey Milk, a San Francisco supervisor was gunned down and she ended up in his position, eventually catapulting herself to the US Senate.  That alone is the best argument for "gun control"...

Leave it to Beaver lady lost this gun fight.

An assault type weapon was NOT used in the Newton,CT shooting. Adam lanza used 4 handguns and the so called "assault" weapon was left in the car and it was a "shotgun" not an AR rifle. Of course the media including Yahoo doesn't want you to know that.

Logic problem........if you: get rid of one type of gun.......reduce 16 round magazines.....and increase background checks.........people will still die from guns. So what is the point of all this BS from democrats.

Wow common sense in the Government?  Smart move.  Now lets remove aid spending for all future bills.

and they still continue to report tha an assault wheapon was used in Conn.

Who the Hell needs an Assault Rifle?  Skeet anyone?All that worrying and carrying on for nothing.  Now all the paranoid survivalists need to be worried about is the drones coming to take them out sitting at the outdoor cafe.

Is that old bag up for re-election soon.  I hope so they she can go away for good.

Don't believe a word they say. They will sneak something in just sure as hell. They lie all the time, what is different now?

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn."   FALSE!!!!

In my meager knowledge of the 2nd. Amendment, i recall it says "the right to bear arms to defend". I never saw anything about "the right to bear arms to assault".

she still does get it he did not use a AR 15. he used hand guns this pos needs to go

na-na-na-na...na-na-na-na....hey-ey-ey...goo'ood bye!

Sounds like that scene in the American President when Andrew Shepard realized his gun bill didn't do anything to halt gun violence w/o the assault weapons ban.  Don't these politicians watch movies?!

Where's the measure for mental stability background?  Hasn't it been shown that all of these mass shooters were or had been getting treated for mental illness?  Let's close that loophole.

feinstein-failure. good! she is vile, anti-American, and a flat out(C)(U)(N)(T)&gt;F U libtards, stick to banning sodas and lemonade stands. LOL

Was no assault weapon used in newtown-which by the way never happened

The legislation mostly needs to close the gun show loophole.   Background check on every gun sold, no 40 percent exception for gun shows.  And for those who protest bitterly against my comment, may I suggest an anger management class?

There is NO SUCH THING as a "high-capacity magazine clip." C'mon, people, with all the discussion going on about this stuff, you'd think the media would at least TRY to learn SOME of the correct terminology by now...?

Vote out all Anti-Constitutionalists that vote for ANY weapons ban / Magazine ban/ etc.!

I am actually moderate, I do not own "assault" weapons, but if you were hit with a 308 round of mine you would feel assaulted. No need to ban the weapons, anymore than there is any legitimate need for high cap mags. Seriously if you need 100 rounds to hunt, you deserve to starve, if you need 100 rounds to defend yourself my guess is that the angry mob has a legit beef with you and you should quit being such a jerk.

Democrats get their rocks off slitting babies throats and arming psycho drug cartels while attempting to take away the constitutional rights and freedoms of Americans.

NRA schills still at work on these sites .still trying to say no ar-15 was used in Newtown only dumb ignorant fools would buy that .Just ask the coroner.

Ban "FEINSTEIN", Vote her out....

keeep on tryin, but "ya aint gettin the guns".Don't tread on me or I will let my guns and bullets do the voting. This is a country that is supposed to be about personal freedoms, not taking them away.

Feinstein you are a political terrorist and would do this country a huge favor by just killing yourself. It doesn't matter what type of gun you use or how large the magazine capacity is.

she looks so f'n crazy man!...look at those eyes...

Way to go Cruz.  I am so proud you are my senator and that I voted for you.  Looks like you knocked the whoe damm liberal bunch on their #$%$ with one good Texas Punch.  Proud to be a native Texan.  I'll stand with you anytime.

What the democratic controlled Senate isn't going to try and save only one life becuase they are scared they won't be re-elected. But what happened to "if we can save only one life we have to try" and "it deserves a vote" and all that business?

She looks like a Lizard....

Diane F has reached her utmost highest level of incompetency.  She needs to retire from seeking public office, enjoy life, and quit taking on things that she has no real clue about.  The 2nd Amendment allows Militia, every citizen the right to keep and bear arms... etc.  SHe has become useless and needs to step down so younger politiicians may take on issues for the betterment of normal citizens.  Also, why doesn't she endorse limited terms for politicians, a reduction in their compensation, and an across the board 5% or less flat tax rate on all citizens?  She needs to move on, retire, and fade away into the sunset.

There is a good argument to impose some restrictions on the possession of guns by people who are not "good citizens" The 2nd amendment only applies to protecting a "good citizens" right to bear arms.  Legislation that clearly restricts the possession of arms is unlawful even if the law is passed and even if the Supreme Court upholds the law when challenged.  The 2nd amendment prohibits "Government" from enacting such laws, the supreme court (Judicial) is a part of government (Executive, Legislative and Judicial) and therefore cannot, by the restrictions of the 2nd amendment, issue such support.  However, the 2nd amendment does not protect a "good citizens'" right to use the arms or to carry the arms in public places. It narrowly focuses its application to the home and within the state of residency.  Nor does the 2nd amendment protect in anyway ammunition for arms such as commercially produced products. In addition, government has the right to allow use of arms for applications as the Government deems reasonable. Hunting, CCW, etc.   I think we need to follow the 2nd amendment and if a change is needed then a new amendment needs to be in place, it would take 3/4 of the states to ratify (38 states). If it fails then abide by the 2nd amendments and put legislators and other politicians in jail for proposing or passing any law prohibited by it. Yes the federal or state ban on any firearms is unconstitutional but our government continues to enforce these unlawful laws.  I think it is based on the government’s right to regulate the transportation of arms from point A to point B and the ban on such weapons follows the logic that one cannot possess a subject firearm unless it was transported under government jurisdiction.  I think that is the argument the Utah used to push for the exemption of locally made firearms, except the state cannot effectively prevent the locally (Utah made) guns from leaving the state which falls under the Commerce laws administered by the Federal Government. Enough I guess, I have to get back to the war.

Anti-Gun = Anti-Freedom.The Anti-Gun agenda leads to slavery and death.

I'm all for making it harder to get weapons such as gun show back ground checks. I think more restrictions on people with mental illness should be implemented. I know people who are taking medication for mental issue's but are still granted access to firearms. I'm for drug testing. The drug testing should also ban people from having weapons even if they live in states who've legalized marijuana.Thanks for wasting more of our Tax Dollars Sen from California D- Dianne Fienstein with your frivolous Bill which goes against the U.S. Constitution! How about earning you pay with some well thought out meaningful legislation this time.

With Feinstein and osama obama and reid and pelosi and biden and the lying holder, our nation is in peril.

I would like to take Feinstein's bill, hang it up at the range, and use it for target practice.

complete abrogation of responsibility.   Let people keep their weapons to defend their 'castle', and keep those who should not have access to weapons from getting them....simple, but pure political poison.

I vote that anyone who votes for ANY type of gun ledgislation be voted out at the next election. We must not compromise on these issues1 NONE of them! If the foundations of this counrty (constitution) be destroyed, then what is a righteous man to do?

So it is fine when the government sells (assault weapons) to drug cartels, but then want to take away guns from legal gun owners.

Obama is using dead children from Chicago to attack assault rifles....  doing nothing about illegal handguns used to kill these children.  He is disgusting for using them yet not doing anything to stop them from being killed.

They have tried this in the past and will try again every couple of years , in "HOPE" that the people who know better and sincerely care have gotten so old and decrepid that they can't stand up and make a difference. They also "HOPE" that the younger generation has succumbed to their tactics to DUMB the population through mass media and through "Convenience devices" and "Video Games" in order to achieve their ultimate goal of disarming their opposition so that they may take total control

instead of banning weapons maybe these idiots could try to turn things around in this country and get us on the right path again..first step....dump feinstein

feinstein needs to make appearance on walking dead,as a zombie she needs no make up.Gotta love the look on her face !!!

Ok, so now with the idea of an assault rifle ban pretty much out of the picture. it's now dead. it's clear it doesn't have enough support to pass. and in our country. since the majority doesn't consent, it wont happen.So now that that's out of the way, now technically, they aren't trying to take our guns away. of course, unless you can explain to me why "universal background checks, clip size limits and increased jail time for offenders," still counts as "taking our guns away."

FINALLY, someone mentions about the AR-15 style Bushmaster rifle WAS NOT used in the Smalltown, CT shooting. Seem everyone has forgotten that the police stated they found that weapon in the damn truck of his car! IT WAS NOT USED IN THE KILLINGS! The police found '4 pistols' inside the school! Seems one part or another of our 'government' got this started for a reason about it being used! What reason could they have, EXCEPT TO START THE 'TAKE AWAY YOUR WEAPONS'  #$%$! Knowing with little kids killed the American people would be more apt to go with the weapons ban, etc, etc, etc. Go back and watch videos of the incident! Get educated on EXACTLY what transpired.

Google Sandy hook actors!!! SANDY HOAX!!!

Relax you freedom shredding, public misguiding POS, you have plenty of time in which you and your ilk may continue turning this country into another Greece...

Gun extremists=More paranoid than a pot smoker at a colice convention!

It would be nice if Ms. Feinstein would offer an amendment to ban Harry Reid as an #$%$"ault tool.

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn."  WHY SAY THIS ? THE POLICE CLEARLY (ON VIDEO) TOOK RIFLE OUT OF TRUNK AFTER "INCIDENT".

Go home Jewstein!

First they take our freedom of speech (politically correct) then our guns, our christian faith is attacked, no home schooling your children, what else?I bet "Fineswine" made a  p  o  o  p  y  in her attends when she heard that.

maybe before the dems vote on the mags,they go to a range. because a person can change out their 10 round mags and fire at almost the same rate as the 30 round mag can emptied.

Senator Obama states, "As I've said about the flag pin, I don't want to be perceived as taking sides, Obama said. There are a lot of people in the world to whom the American flag is a symbol of oppression. And the anthem itself conveys a war-like message. You know, the bombs bursting in air and all. It should be swapped for something less parochial and less bellicose. I like the song 'I'd Like To Teach the World To Sing.' If that were our anthem, then I might salute it. "We should consider to reinvent our National Anthem as well as to redesign our Flag to better offer our enemies hope and love. It's my intention, if elected, to disarm America to the level of acceptance to our Middle East Brethren. If we as a Nation of warring people, should conduct ourselves as the nations of Islam, whereas peace prevails. Perhaps a state or period of mutual concord between our governments. When I become President, I will seek a pact or agreement to end hostilities between those who have been at war or in a state of enmity, and a freedom from disquieting oppressive thoughts. We as a Nation have placed upon the nations of Islam an unfair injustice. My wife disrespects the Flag for many personal reasons. Together she and I have attended several flag burning ceremonies in the past, many years ago. She has her views and I have mine". Of course now, I have found myself about to become the President of the United States and I haveput aside my hatred. I will use my power to bring CHANGE to this Nation, and offer the people a new path of hope. My wife and I look forward to becoming our Country's First Family. Indeed, CHANGE is about to overwhelm the United States of America .

They are spending more time on this than the budget and the budget is more dangerous to us thana gun .We have the right to own them and whatever acc for them as long as used in a responsible manor and out of hands of children.Most people would tell you I dont own a gun but would be wrong. Its just something I dont brandish  and run outside and show everyone and have never pointed it at a person.I like to shoot targets not people but darn well not going to let a few bad apples get my gun taken away because they used one to commit a crime,the gun did not commit the crime a person did.

Vote them out, hxxx, arrest anyone attacking our constitution or trying to change it, and this includes the Prez.   Can't anyone else see that this woman might be crazy, look at her.  Now look at that picture again.  Its a big maybe.

"Having a separate vote on assault weapons might free moderate Democratic senators facing re-election next year in Republican-leaning states to vote against the assault weapons measure, but then support the remaining overall package of gun curbs."Be vigilant It isn't over. Schumers database laden background check is still out there.Restrictions on Accessories are still in legislation.

Why not!

Ho, Ho, Ho  just goes to show, cry and complain long enough, the libtards will back down! Those liberals truly are a bunch of wimps!!!

we need a weapons ban like Sen. Dianne Feinstein needs a Halloween mask i know probably said already

My grandfather (a sniper during WWII), said "if you can't kill it with one shot, you shouldn't own a rifle".  So why are they not trying to ban single shot rifles, too???  Still say remove them all, try them for TREASON. Problem solved.  Plus it would let the next group know that the PEOPLE mean business.  NO MORE BIG GOVERNMENT!She insulted 6 yr olds.She has the mentality of a newborn.

This is just simply great news!

This is the same #$%$ ho le who wrote the last attack on the constitution, making america more unsafe in homes for 10 years. and she carries fully automated small pistols, even trying to take it belligerently into hospitals, ans schools. F her. JAIL FOR TREASON AND MISREPRESENTATION, AND LYING PUBLICLY FOR PERSONAL CRIMINAL TACTICS. NOW NOW NOW. WE THE PEOPLE DEMAND IT. NEVER TRUST THIS IDIOT. EVER. JAIL IT.

any trash in gov like this idiot needs jail time for deliberately misleading and LYING about victims to push her own zionazi feces needs severe punishment, right now now now. jail her or else. she represents NO ONE. BUT HER DAMN SELF. F YOU FEINSTEINAZI. F YOU.

this lunatic biosh needs a muzzle, prozak, and a no to her getting a penny for her treasonous retirement, now now now. fire the kkuunntt, with prejudice

Only child killing cowards need a gun to feel like a real man.

wasn't she the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz ?

The Florida would be killer was armed with handgun and bombs.  Obviously an assault weapon ban would have made no difference.  Obviously rich liberals like Feinstein are motivated by their hatred of typical NRA members.  Not about saving lives.

None of this stuff is going to pass the house even if the Senate passes it.

Google "fast furious people killed"  Hundreds died from Fast and Furious weapons. All so the gun ban lobby could justify a new assault weapon ban.  Why  should we trust latest excuses for a new AWB?   Gun ban lobby is capable of any attrocity to get their way.The more time goes along the more Democrats remind me of Adolf Hitler.

Magazine clips ? Yahoo, you are an idiot. And no assault weapon was used in Newtown, just handguns. Get off of the Oh-bama teet.

Outlaw guns and only outlaws will have them. Any ban on weapons only affects the honest law abiding citizens. Stronger penalties on subjects who violate current laws would be a good first step. Lets quit letting them off so easy.

Blap blap!

It's time to get on better thing not gun control maybe jobs in america

Translation.  The ban won't be in the Feinstein Bill while the People are paying attention.

“I know the sense of helplessness that people feel. I know the urge to arm yourself because that’s what I did. I was trained in firearms. I walked to the hospital when my husband was sick. I carried a concealed weapon and I made the determination if somebody was going to try and take me out, I was going to take them with me,” (Dianne Feinstein)

Personally and with respect to those who don't agree , I don't see the need for ordinary citizens owning assault weapons more intended for the military or SWAT teams.However , no new gun control bill as proposed by the senator from California will stop the slaughter caused by the brutal violence propagated by Hollywood , the TV and the DVD games that infests the minds of specially the young of the nation and turns them into monsters.

No gun control period!!  reed, pelosi, feinstein, bloomberg, biden all on their knees before the great obama need to be known as traitors to the united states of america. Outsiders like soros need to be dealt with as well. Get them out of office and off our payroll. Maybe they could all move over by soros and bow to him!

Colorado couldn't get the assault ban so Dingy Harry figured no one can. My head is going to explode soon!An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that revived gun control as a top issue in Washington. Banning those firearms was among the proposals President Barack Obama made in January in response to those slayings.THEY STILL DON'T HAVE THEIR FACTS STRAIGHT!

HEY MORONS...THERE WAS NO ASSAULT WEAPON USED IT WAS STILL IN THE DANG CAR.......I love how the press lies all of the time...

The REAL reason(s) Harry didn't want a vote on this is: Harry was between a rockand a hard place.  He knows his political future is over if he voted for it to please Der leaderZero and his DemocRAT party but on the other hand, if he did, his political future would be OVER in Nevada.  Harry is corrupt as the day is long but he's not that stupid, so hetook the easy way out.  We know what you and your ilk are Harry.  They don't call you DirtyHarry for nothing.

nah nah nah nah . . . . . . . .

OMG look at that woman, she has to be at about the end of her road, please....

The only these weapon bans do is make gun dealers and manufatcurers rich. For the most part they are #$%$" anyway.Its just a ploy to keep people with a one track mind occupied so won't question anything else . Wake up and smell the coffee you "DIPSHITS"

Dianne Frankenstein looks like an assault weapon!!!

I just have one small thing to say ... BWAAAHHAAAAAHAAAAAHAAAAAHAAAAHAAA!

I think they actually mean defensive weapons. Assault weapons are already almost impossible to own.

the democrats need to be reminded WHO got them into officeBuh-Bye Feinstein.  Don't let the door hit you on the way out.

I love my assult rifle its been around for 25yrs its never killed anyone I hunt with it target shoot with it is a good rifle

Gov`t at its best trying to screw over its citizens yet again!

Thing is that Feinstein's ban is unConstitutional (violates 2nd Amendment), illegal (violates USC Title 10, Chapter 13 (Militia) AND is in direct contravention to a number of SCOTUS rulings (Miller and Heller predominately). Not to mention The Federalist Papers and numerous commentary from a broad range of The Founders and other philosophers.What I would dearly love to see is someone dragged before Congress over "Assault Rifles" to bluntly tell her to F' Off to her ugly face!

Thank god.  I believe all americans should have grenades, rocket launchers, sniper rifles.  I want flame throwers, napalm, chemical weapons.  Weapons of war is the only way to prevent war.

Question:What happens in those states that have already passed laws if their own gun control bills if it flops on the national level ?Will they keep the bills or repeal them or something else ?Input please......

Hahaha!I told you you witch!Fienstein you corrupt .... Witch ... Traitor....Rot in hell.

More communist oppression.

Great bill put forth by Harry Reid.  Does  not satisfy lib Demos or cons. Reps and will not anger the NRA a bit.  True Democratic movement, no on is happy so the bill does not go anywhere.....Yes, Harry is running a really tight Senate.

Next thing you know, these insane people will want to ban driving without a seat belt.  Could you imagine?  Having people checking to make sure you're wearing a seat belt when you drive and fining you if you don't?  Unbelievable to think about.Ah, once again the Dem's special interest groups stab one of their own in the back. Not that I support the ban but it is typical of the politicans when their special interests are threatened. Reid obviously did not have the votes.

100 million plus gun owners in this country and it keeps growing, and last time I checked our guns just get up and shoot someone.  Leave us the F@!% alone.  gun grabbers don't stir up a hornet's nest, or continue to push your way of life on us.  You live life your way and I will live mine my way.  I don't criticize you or attempt to tell you what's right from wrong so don't do that to me.

I can see it now! A national gun owners tax! If you own a gun, then you must pay a liability tax on it!  If they mandate health care insurance is constitutional, then they can do the same on guns! Sell it as gun insurance.  Thanks Justice Roberts! (jerk)!

....and she just quit a Senate committee that her husband has been receiving funds from.....do I smell a Federal investigation and charges on this 'ol troll?

"high-capacity magazine clips"??? oh the liberal media!!

it all about the votes.

We all have to register our cars and dogs. ALL guns must be registered!

"I tried my best."  ... to not do jack $#i* about making our children safer at school. What an idiot Feinstein is

senator frankestine carries a consealed gun a 40 mm simi auto with a 17 round clip1 says it all ok for me not you

Dianne Frankinstein...you just committed political suicide.  YOU are an enemy of the state, and should be dealt with accordingly.  I wish of the days when we hung traitors.Rich liberals with armed guards.  Some are not even Americans.  Trying to ban rifles used in less than 3% of murders. It's not about saving lives it's about their hatred of us.

The people backing NRA are the real criminals in our society, Sandy Hook each child had 3 to 11 bullets in their body, lets show pictures on what that looks like and then we can talk about Assault weapons ban, shameful shameful of Harry Reid to drop this today let this come to a vote and have the Republicans stand up and filibuster

Why is the DOJ and DHS and other domestic departments ordering millions/billions rounds of ammo. Dosen't concern you? How about all the APC's ordered. Me thinks not for parade use.

Feinstein should be impeached and tried for TREASON!

Hope some gets the leadership of the NRA with a huge magazine.  More than 100 rounds.

"Having a separate vote on assault weapons might free moderate Democratic senators facing re-election next year in Republican-leaning states to vote against the assault weapons measure, but then support the remaining overall package of gun curbs."Be vigilant It isn't over. Schumers database laden background check is still out there.Restrictions on Accessories are still in legislation.

Never trust ANY government and never trust a Democrat!  Don't forget that Democrats when they had a supermajority government they went around the nation and rounded up hundreds of thousands of law abiding, hard working, taxpaying American citizens, loaded them onto box cars and shipped them off to concentration camps!  Yep, the DEMOCRAT government did it, to it's own people, right here in America.  Democrats suck and people are getting sick of them.  When seconds count, the police will never be there in seconds to save you or your family.

And righties will still whine.

I hope some libs learned a hard lesson by all this right violating action from their socialist party. Lets all vote independent and screw both flip flopping parties.

They are wasting our time. Fix the damn budget you so called "lawmakers" and stop making policy for future votes. its annoying and you are exposing the dense population of suckers in this country. and one more thing stop investing in war for a little while.Great day for America!!! Sanity prevails!!!

An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown.   NO IT WASN'T!!!  Get your facts straight!!!   The "assault weapon" WAS FOUND IN THE CAR!!!  I'm tired of the BS one sided reporting..

Do you have insurance?. A 401k? These are things that help you prepare for an unknown future eventuality. Same reasoning applies to Assault weapons. I lived through Hugo. I also witnessed the lawlessness that occurs in the aftermath of a disaster. Katrina. Those equipped with Assault rifles were able to protect and deter would be vandals and other criminals.There is a so called NEED for them just as much as any other insurance you pray you never have to use.,

I wish I could do a little dance around Feindouche, AR in hand.

Go away you old HAG !!!

After.........she went home and shot off her AR 15 in the air yelling "Damn you Republicans!"

banning anything holding over 10 rounds is the same thing as banning assault weapons. they hold more than 10 bullets.

Put all these clowns on record with a vote so we can see who the NRA has influence over in the Senate. Even if it fails, these folks need to be held accountable for future mass killings by assault weapons. Mike Lupica's article says it all...

Many counties and towns in the West during the late 1800’s had stiffer gun control laws then they do in the modern era.  As western towns attracted more families, business men, and industries, the townspeople could no longer tolerate the “wild cowboys”  that were part of area ranch and cattle drives. These were generally young men in their twenties, liquored up, testosterone driven, and with the judgment of a cow on loco weed.   They were often forced to deposit their guns in safe keeping until they left town..

They will be laying in the weeds until the next irational phycopath decides to take his problems out on innocent people.  And maybe they will use a 10 round magazine. Then the Democrats will want to ban 10 round mags. It's just a door that will be pushed open wider and widerIromic, we have had over a million murdered in this country; and the congress won't do a darn thing about it but; our government said the 70 thousand killed in a war in Syria  were that countrys future; well what the HELL doesn't the million of murder victims here count? that congress ignores so they can continue to kiss the backsides of the NRA, and other gun organizations.  Now were hearing Syria is using deadly gases; RIGHT that sounds damn close to Bushes WMD that was a big LIE; so now it's possible we will send our kids over there to get those gases; and get involved in another war thats none of our business; have our kids killed, or wounded so the CONGRESS can cut their medical, and benefits as well...

Hell yes! Time to go shoot some #$%$ to celebrate!

I had my 30-30 jump out of the gun safe and run into town threatening to shoot people. Thank God that I caught up with it and put it back in the safe. Nasty things these wild guns. They are a nemesis to society......kinda like drunk cars going out and killing innocents on the highways.

Hey Democrats, it's time to start punishing criminals (your political base).

Great!  Now all we have to do is sit back and wait for the next massacre.

harry reid doesn't have on hair on his balls.  there have been 1,057,000 deaths by guns in america since john lennon was shot, december 8, 1980.  how many more, harry??????  you have the spine of a worm.

Good if they get an inch they will take a mile. stop it now and go after the real criminals not law abiding gun owners.

What do ya all fuss aboot! No bill, especially no gun bill, will make it through the house.All this was an intelligence ploy to draw out those who have a mindset for insurrection.

All Terrorists of the World have a Waterloo, it's called PEACE!, that's when your supposed Friends don't need you anymore, because you are too Dangerous to their Plan "B" (Fake Peace of sending Flowers). In other Words you have Dug your own Grave, LOL

anyone else been thinking that the Dems invested heavily in gun-makers before all this?Sen. Harry Reid is buddy-buddy with pal Wayne La Pierre -- doing hisdirty work for him and the NRA for a long time now.  Reid is bascially aRepublican and blocks all liberal and progressive acctions.  Just anotherday where the Demcorats prove they're no different from the GOP/NRA.

I wouldn't refer to the Democrats as moderate, I refer to them as sensible!

Be happy repubs your small dorks are secure again.

All the suckers that went out and bought more guns all it was about was suckers payed higher prices for the guns  suckers   Keep jacking the prices up

If you don't like America get the hell out but I guess you have to get your head out of your #$%$ is first

Dianne Feinstein....the dusky hued lady satan, or is that pelosi?This move is all about keeping their seats in the coming elections.

If this is news I'm gonna lose my lunch again.

The liberal left wants to pass a gun control bill, any gun control bill, so quickly they are willing to remove this so they can say we passed new gun control legislation. Then they will ram the assault weapon ban via amendment down our throats just like they did Obamaccare.

I cant wait for this lady to die

(COMMA) , ..."THE RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE TO KEEP AND BARE ARMS SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED"The entire purpose was to arm American Citizens so they could fight against a government that become tyrannical. That's the second part after the comma.Communists and Socialists are destroy America piece by piece.the people have spoken.

What does the NRA do for you fokes? They are a lobbyist for the gun manufactures... You send them your yearly dues, and they go to Washington, to speak for you? No they keep law suits away from the Gun Manufacturers When is the last time you heard anyone speak from the manufacture's themselves...You don't.......

Colorado needs to recall Hickenlooper NOW! He's signing a magazine ban tomorrow. Sign the petition at Change Dot Org and spread it EVERYWHERE!

Poor Diane.  I feel so #$%$ sorry for her ....

ha,ha, that #$%$ is stifled once againlol

To many Democrats up for reelection.

Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein- C U Next Tuesday

Obama bad!!! Me angry!! Yelling nonsensically!!! Waaa waa waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!~!!!

Gawd! Can't stand this women! She's an idiot!

Don't be deceived. From a previous post by Finn. Reason for the Second Amendment and it's interpretation. Well worth the read and very applicable here.First let me preface my remarks by stating that I am not a 'gun guy'. I do not hunt. I do not target shoot. I do not collect guns. I do not belong to the NRA. I do not live in a 'rough' part of town. I own no guns, nor have I ever needed to have one. The last time I fired a shot in anger was in 1968.That being said, there are many people today, (myself included), who have a deep, (and a legitimate), distrust of the government.They believe that it is in the nature of governments to accumulate and to concentrate more and more power over people's lives. More power leads to more control.It has always been so. As Lord Acton so famously stated, "Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." Meaning that those who are given power over others will use that power.Even if the government is not specifically intending to do so, it is the nature of large governments that this occurs.Now the government may espouse their desire to help the citizenry, but when individuals disagree with what the government determines is in their best interest, then those in power use coercion. Sometimes subtle sometimes not so subtle.This concentration of power and increasing coercion can be gradual (like slowly turning up the heat on a lobster in a pot), or sudden (like dropping him into boiling water).One need only be a casual student of history to see the process at work again and again and again.The Second Amendment is *our* guarantee that this loss of individual freedom and increasing control of our lives cannot be done with impunity.One need only look at what is occurring in Syria today or in Mexico, or any of a dozen other locations around the globe to see examples of what happens when the government controls the people and when the people are defenseless to resist.Now you may feel that this distrust is not warranted, or that it verges on paranoia. Many might agree with you. However many more, would not.The Founding Fathers believed fervently that ordinary citizens needed to be protected from an oppressive government. If they had not, then there would not have been a Second Amendment in the first instance.They were *very* distrustful of the concentration of power into the hands of the few. They set up safeguards against it by diluting that power into different branches and different levels. They tried to define precisely just who could do what, and what things they could not do. They added further protections in the Bill of Rights.The Founding Fathers, I am certain, would be aghast at the degree to which the government controls the lives of Americans today. Indeed, they went into rebellion over transgressions less onerous than what we today have allowed to be imposed upon us.Read the Declaration of Independence. Look at the reasons that are enumerated there. They speak of an oppressive government seeking to impose it's will upon the citizenry.The Second Amendment was NEVER about what type of arms citizens might own or about what the technological developments of the future might bring. It was not about hunting. It was not about home defense. It was not about target shooting. It was about the ability of citizens to oppose and resist the oppression of a tyrannical government.There are those Americans that honestly feel that this point of view is not applicable to the 21st century; that such concerns are the things of history. They label those like myself, as 'gun nuts' or as paranoid, even dangerous.If you are one that believes that this distrust is stuff out of a dusty history book, and has no relevance in the 21st century, then I urge you again to to look around more carefully.Those of us that support the Second Amendment feel that it's relevance is as valid now as it was when it was first penned.What they really want is gun back ground checks to go into law, so of course they'll give up Assault Weapons to get what they really wanted anyway, that way next time you go to a gun show ,there'll be a cop around every corner trying to set you up for a buy , don't matter weather you give the gun to your son, you broke the law. you go to our new gestapo prisons we are building for folks like you. wake up dead heads

So, the next time some crazy shoots up a school of children, don't stand on your soapbox telling us how bad you feel.  Get off your "A" and do something.

That chick has been around for so long the beer and her personality are both flat.

you better quit excluding the people that put you in office because they can sure as hell put out.remember we the people

Where is best place in the world to live and bring your children up?? Certainly not America. Nearly 3000 people have been killed in gun incidents since the Newtown incident.Over one million since John Lennon died in New York. Have heard most americans want guns banned and that is what should happen. America gains no respect around the world by allowing people to carry arms.   There is no decent argument for it. Those who want to go back to the wild west days  should be rounded up and be provided with an area where they can have a shootout? Seriously though this is no joke. A referendum should be done and the results of the vote be respected. Most gunslingers wont agree but thats the way it should be. Its called democracy ????

All you gun toting constitution thumping #$%$ wads are really showing how ugly, nasty and demented you truly are with these posts....you really are the #$%$ of this nation.

If you can not get it all just chip away is the idea here. Try for a home run and take the single.

In a 1991 New York Times op-ed titled "Why I’m For the Brady Bill," Reagan detailed his support of a seven-day waiting period for gun buyers. "Every year, an average of 9,200 Americans are murdered by handguns, according to Department of Justice statistics," Reagan said in the op-ed. "… If the passage of the Brady bill were to result in a reduction of only 10 or 15 percent of those numbers (and it could be a good deal greater), it would be well worth making it the law of the land."

In 1989, at his birthday celebration, Ronald Reagan said,"I do not believe in takinmg away the right of the citizen for sporting, for hunting and so forth or home defense. But I do believe an AK-47, a machine gun, is not a sporting weapon or needed for home defense."

300 million guns are not enough.  We need more, more, more.  The government and Army have flame throwers and RPGs so we need them too.  An anti-aircraft gun for every household swhould be required.  Why are we falling so far behind the military?Well I guess Republicans care more about the safety of embryos than they do about the 30,000 Americans killed by guns. How about some "right to life" legislation there...

The ASB is not a big deal, what the Dems and Repubs want is the universal background checks and it is the most controversial, not what they tell us. They are using the AWB as a tidbit to appease us while they get the invasive, horrendus bacgrond checks. Have you ever been depressed, had a restraining order against you by an evil spouse or been in the military? Kiss your 2nd Ammendment good buy!

it wint do much good to ban any thing the crooks dont care

Again they perpetuate the misinformation that an assault type weapon was used to kill the children in Newtown.  The AR style rifle was found in the trunk of his car.  They may as well say he used the spare tire to kill those children.  I'm sure it was also in the trunk of his car.

Lets get this over with and concentrate on the Bengazi debackle or should I say derelection of duty and then a cover up...this Junior Senator from corrupt Chicago is not a leader of any sorts. He is a cowardly misfit breed from unloving parents. Surrounded by communists marxist's and academic idiots. Lets get the impeachment and secessions going and really shake them up.....meanwhile, I'm preceeding into North Korean airspace for penetration and release of nuclear weapons.....this is the Captain speaking!

when are these fools like feinstein and others going to work as hard to feed people, take care of the old and sick, maybe stand up for our rights. we need help not laws that will not make a difference and only hurt us .

Feinstein is also a dual citizen of the USA and Israel.

And we still have no budget to cut the deficit... Glad we got our priorities in order here!

The AR-15 was not used in the massacre at Newton Elementry.  The weapon was found in the trunk of his car.

get the story right, the assualt weapon was in the trunk of the idiots car just so you idiots could blame it instead of the nut with the pistols.Are all these reporters and politicians STUPID?? There is NO such thing as an assault weapon. That is a made up word, by a bunch of dou#@e bag liberals to make a weapon sound evil.. However, who has seen a rifle jump off a table and assault someone??

Why would they have a picture of dog #$%$ with this story?

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn." - Liberal Media still reporting a debunked lie...

Crime is Crime and Rights are Rights, lets keep the two separate please.We have laws to protect the individuals right from physical harm.Stop asking for firearm specific laws, that is Unconstitutional.

Staying silent is our consent....Make some noise!

Senator Dianne Feinstein, author of the 1994 Assault Weapons Ban and the senator currently at the forefront of the Democrat Party’s Congressional push for tighter gun control, talks about why she once had a concealed carry permit for a gun in the aftermath of what she referred to as a terrorist attack. The video is taken from the floor of Congress.“Less than 20 years ago, I was the target of a terrorist group. It was the New World Liberation Front. They blew up power stations and put a bomb at my home when my husband was dying of cancer and the bomb was set to detonate around 2 ‘o clock in the morning, but it was a construction explosive that doesn’t detonate when it drops below freezing. It doesn’t usually freeze in San Francisco, but on this night it dropped below freezing and the bomb didn’t detonate.“I was very lucky, but I thought of what might have happened. Later the same group shot out all the windows of my home and I know the sense of helplessness that people feel. I know the urge to arm yourself, because that’s what I did. I was trained in firearms. When I walked to the hospital when my husband was sick, I carried a concealed weapon. I made the determination that if somebody was going to try to take me out I was going to take them with me. Now having said all of that, that was period of time ago and I’ve watched through these 20 years as terrorism has increased both on the far extremist left and the far extremist right in this country.”It is interesting why some politicians think that their right to self-defense, whether in the form of concealed carry handguns or personal armed security, is superior to others’ right to self-defense. I thought the Democrat Party was all about equality and rights? It appears to be more about government control over individuals.Senator Dianne Feinstein no longer has a concealed carry permit… because she no longer needs one. As a United States Senator, she has access to armed security. But when she someday exits office, does anyone wonder if her home will be without any kind of arms on the premises?Do a search on Youtube for "Senator Dianne Feinstein: I Carried a Concealed Weapon"...it is from 1995.  I do not understand her thought processes at all...why is my life or anyone's life worth less than hers?

Does anybody still believe that Harry Reid has any guts? First he caves on the filibuster -- and we see the results of his gentleman's agreement with #$%$ McConnell -- now this. Is there ANY possibility that the Dems could rise up and replace this worthless scarecrow?

Think these politicians and the media will ever learn the difference between magazines and clips? I hate to see policies made by people who call magazines clips, cartridges bullets, shotgun shells bullets, semi-automatic weapons automatic weapons and on and on. They should have to take and pass a class on the subject before they can offer or affect legislation.

STOP TAKIN AWAY ME FREEDUMS

It's a good day to be a (real) American !!!Feinstein only cares about the votes she will get for saying I tried

Here's what the old bat is really thinking:"If I could have banned them all...I would have!"Diane FeinsteinStatement on TV program 60 Minutes, Feb 5 1995"Banning guns addresses a fundamental rightof all Americans to feel safe."Diane Feinstein"If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the UnitedStates for an outright ban, picking up every one of them...'Mr. and Mrs. America, turn 'em all in,' I would have doneit."Diane Feinstein

The LiberalCrats will try to hide this type of legisltation in another tax increase or a ammendment to NObama Care.  Want to amk a deal?  I'll turn-in all of my 10+ round magazines, IF and ONLY IF, you ban Obama and all LiberalCrats. Deal?

So basically, Feinstein is the  democrat's Issa.......... there is definitely something lacking in Califoria's water.

Feinstein was defeated.

Registration is the biggest danger. If they have to power to take away your gun on some arbitrary pretext, we lose. When the authoritarian troops pull up in your driveway in the armored car, with the list of registered guns, they will either take the guns or you. If you try civil disobedence and do not register then you, your childern, or grandchilden will eventually be caught disarmed and imprisioned. The "Land of the Free" was a good idea. I pray we can hold on to it.

Will Feinstein get rid of her weapons? Quite a collecton.....most of these politicians know not the difference in automatic/semi auto/assault/rifle/shotgun/etc., anyway, but they're certainly willing to scratch out our rights under the 2nd amendment. Once they get a piece of it, they'll take it all away, at least they're doing a pretty good job with ammunition shortages now days...

I know I'll get flack for this but:OK, No one can stop illegal firearm purchases but if YOU want to sell to someone you do not know, would it be nice to know that they are not just out of prison or have a mental issue?Let's make this simple. ANYONE who wants to own, buy, sell firearms and/or components as well as ammunition must have a background check and proof of being a citizen and then issued a card with ID photo. Must be presented during ANY firearm deal including gun shows. Stop ALL internet sales EXCEPT to registered dealers and gunsmiths (Yes, in a few areas this is still possible). You do not have to register your firearms or even state how many, if any, you own. AK and AR rifles or other so called "Assault Rifles" should not be banned. You can still do sport shooting and hunting and YES, personal protection. And yes, this is constitutional as no one is taking away rights to keep and bear arms.And before you start telling me about the 2nd Amendment, may I suggest you read all 27 simple words of it and ALL court trials and outcomes as well as the Government's definition of Militia before you do. Thank You

Can we stop the posturing? All this hoopla did was drive up the sales and prices of guns and ammo. Let's sit down and really try to address the root of the problem and how to prevent weapons from falling into the wrong hands.

Fienstien is a bilderbirg/ trilateral snake she is guilty of treason and a traitor to her country. she should be arrested and tried in military court .she would look good in handcuffs. it is a felony to violate your oath of office. look up, violating oath of office.

Term limits is the only way to disconnect congressional members from the oodles of money they need to seek endless reelection. Of course, these crooks hold the power to block any such legislation that guarantee their political career for life. For readers with different views, consider that over 90% of incumbents get reelected hence blocking new people to enter Congress with potentially  more interest in pursuing what's good for the country than what's good for themselves.

Oh and what else is in the Bill that they will be passing? any Knowlege please not hype thx.

I love how exaggerated all this talk is about how popular this legislation is. How do these idiots who spend their entire career trying to undo constitutional law keep getting re-elected. The day this old hag leaves this earth will be a good day for personal liberty. I would say I'd feel bad for her family but I'm sure their all on board with her radical ideas.

well its a hell of a mess

YOU WILL NOT GET ANY TRUTH HERE.

It's always about votes.

Good.  I've been waiting for the price gouging of AR15's to subside.  Need to pick me up one of these before the next nut-job shooting creates hysteria.

Feinstein is a NAZI #$%$!!!

i got this theory that she sees  a 10 million chinese military assault  group all equip with the latest in chinese assault weapons attacking america, so forget any type of ban with these worthless corrupt politician.  god save the fatherland arm yourself every man, woman and child.This lady is evil!

Jewish anti-gun lobby looses. But beware, they will be back.

now if a cement mixer ran her over it......would it make a "fine stain"?

what a stone faced old hose bag she is. A worthless person in a long line of worthless politicians. She should put us out of our misery by one round to her head.

It is time for a revolt against the dems  and odummer's polices, wants third term?? I think not.

We have been without a budget for how long, but we can rush a gun law through that is not going to do squat to keep weapons from criminals.  Our government needs a reality check!

"In my meager knowledge of the 2nd. Amendment, i recall it says "the right to bear arms to defend". I never saw anything about "the right to bear arms to assault"."@ Jerryr no where does it say the right to bear arms to defend" and by that simple statement you are right you do have meager knowledge of the 2nd. here is what it says, study it carefully so the next time you will not make a Jack Donkey out of yourself....A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.

ah well, she and the rest of congress aught to be impeached for just thinking about it...

What do you want us to do? The GUN MANUF. have owned us lock stock and barrell for over forty years.__Yours truly, Sell Out REID and Feinstein

Bottom line - Scared of the NRA.......disgusting.  Next opportunity - Vote them all out!Feinstein = Communist

Check out this website to buy ammo or guns locally- ARMSLIST is a free local classified site for listing hand guns, pistols, rifles, shotguns, ammunition, archery, and hunting equipment.

Connecticut police released today that the gunman was playing a game. They found he had a list of over 500 people who also killed. He intentionally surpassed those on his list in his killing spree. The police stated that's why he then killed himself because then no one would surpass him. Facts are pesky little things that Øppressives ignore.Why isn't Dumb-Ø calling for a ban on games, D.U.H. I'm fed up with "Drama Øbama."The young man had mental problems, and Dumb-Ø has severe control issues like every Øppressive does.

"An assault-type weapon was used in the December massacre at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that revived gun control as a top issue in Washington. Banning those firearms was among the proposals President Barack Obama made in January in response to those slayings." This lie will not die in the liberal press. There are videos of them taking the AR-15 from the trunck of the killer. He used handguns only in his actions. The liberal press just has no problem with lying over and over and change vedios from thioer real content.

You are not getting an amendment through either.

In 1969, journalist William Safire asked Richard Nixon what he thought about gun control. "Guns are an abomination," Nixon replied. According to Safire, Nixon went on to confess that, "Free from fear of gun owners' retaliation at the polls, he favored making handguns illegal and requiring licenses for hunting rifles."It was President George Bush, Sr. who banned the import of "assault weapons" in 1989, and promoted the view that Americans should only be allowed to own weapons suitable for "sporting purposes."It was Governor Ronald Reagan of California who signed the Mulford Act in 1967, "prohibiting the carrying of firearms on one's person or in a vehicle, in any public place or on any public street." The law was aimed at stopping the Black Panthers, but affected all gun owners.Twenty-four years later, Reagan was still pushing gun control. "I support the Brady Bill," he said in a March 28, 1991 speech, "and I urge the Congress to enact it without further delay."   Quit being stupid and research the facts!

Haha! Suck on it #$%$! 2nd Amendment! #$%$ yeah! Murica!

Republican Opposition? How about Democratic Opposition!There is no reason to take those guns away!We have all of the technology the world has to offer at our disposal.We can come up with a better answer than that.

None of these laws will work if you can't stop allowing your weapons to get into criminals hands. Safer guns need to be made or smarter gun owners.

Too Bad - It would have been nice to see who is against banning assault weapons so we could vote them out of office.  The majority of people are for gun control so the polls say.the dems are the biggest bunch of bulllshiiitters i have even seen-this way they think they will have both sides vote---WHAT HYPOCRITES

as she profiteers from DoD contracts....

The article states that the House Republicans have shown little enthusiasm for Obama's proposals and visa versa...Obama has shown NO enthusiasm for any common sense proposals....

The bottom just dropped out for the AR-15 market...

even if they do pass a law like this they think people will just give them up? anyone who has them should be grandfathered in and a forced removal would us as a people the duty to rise up and tear the corrupt government back down to a reasonable size.

She is freaking insane!!!!

Cowards!! They talk all this smack, and guess what?  They knew what happened the last time they put an #$%$ault weapons ban in place, they got crushed in every blue dog democrat state that following midterm election,  Its about votes, just like welfare is, its about keeping minorities dumb and complacent!  Minorities  will always be at the bottom as long as they vote democrat.  Free stuff is a wonderful tool for the uneducated.  Democrats don't want private schools for blacks because they know they will do better and will vote Republican, they should care a rats #$%$ judging by this purposed gun law, they only care about the white kids in Connecticut, nothing for the black southsiders!!,

The AP didn't get their facts straight when they wrote this.  The gunman had an assault rifle in his car but did not use it in the school.

And right up there you can see a picture of one of the most UN-American people in this country.

why, were they all afraid of giving up dem seats on the capitol? lol liberals are all so full of them selves. not to bright, but full of them selves at best.It makes better sense to require training, registration and licensing on guns (like we do on cars) than restricting the gun products themselves.

Sad

Feinstein is one handsome man! OHhh, I love him! ; )

WE knew we wouldnt get it this time, politics is the art of the possible. They will propose it as an amendment and will not get the 60 votes, but it will be revisited after the midterms....there will be a ban, lets just hope it happens before too many more people die for the lack of it

I don't mind a ban on high capacity magazine clips.  I have never seen a clip with more than 10 rounds anyway, so their ban will be pretty much ineffective.

Oh please! Don`t take Bubba`s toy away?  To hell with innocent children who were the pride of their families and had positive futures snuffed out! Sick, Sick, Sick!

even though 78% of Americans want them banned. "OUR" representatives are representing who?

The anit-gun mongers are starting to get weak - we Americans - the ones who cherish our freedoms will not allow the 2nd Amendment or any other amendment - and before any of you anti gun folks leave a hate message - look at the news - you are slipping in many states.  When it comes down to the wire, the anti gun folks falter under the pressures of the majority.  And I do know that the news is reporting that anti gun sentiment is at an all time high at the moment but that is definitely not helping ya'all. While everyone is tired of tragedies in this Nation - we must enact responsible laws that will actually curb the violence.

sooo the Senate Democrats voted the gun bill down?  vote the democrats out of office!

Cookieman, Guns do not kill...people do.Interestingly FEMA was holding a training exercise just 20 miles away from Sandy Hook at exact same time.  Obviously that is no coincidence.  Was it another Fast &amp; Furious type gun ban operation?

I hope all of the inbred, uneducated,  backwoods, #$%$ gun nuts on this post, don't find themselves at the business end of an AR-15. Anyone that owns this weapon is a nut-job, in my book.

This proves that gun control is NOT popular with the voters in spite of what the government run media says.These politicians want to get reelected and they know that the people will throw their Marxist azses out if they vote in gun grabbing unconstitutional laws

The Dems are letting the Repubs off the hook once againWhy not allow the bill to hit the floor, and make the Repugs filibuster it in front of the nation?Most Americans are in favor of an assault rifle ban

tea party members should be forced to take an I.Q. test and a psychiatric test before being allowed to own a gun. that way, 99% of them would not be eligible.

I just bought a B-52

This story isn't about gun control legislation.  It is in fact about stupid politicians making sure they have jobs in two years because they will be up for re-election and the voting public will remember (because the lawyers and media spindoctors will remind them) who stood out on this subject and who cowwed to the powers that be.  I agree that Americans have certain rights however there should be common sense moderation applied to all things.  Oh, that's right....common sense is a flower that does not bloom in every garden.

SO ANGRY.  YELLING NONSENSICALLY&gt;  WAAAAAAAA WAAAA WAAAAAAA!!! ARGH ME ANGRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OBAMA BAD ARGGGGH!!!!!

ARE YOU SURE ?

Fienstein should go, and be a playmate for Hefner.   People would respect her more.This is very disappointing but the fight is not over. In the 2014 election cycle those of us wanting stricter gun laws will need to pour money into the elections of those that support our views and we will need more than the NRA has. Without the ban I suspect the number of mass killings will, unfortunately not diminish.

This is such LAME excuse!!. Democrats stand up and have a spine. Fight even when you lose. HARRY REID !!Put this bill to the floor ,SHOW  American people who vote support or against this reason gun control legislation.  Let the people decide who should represents  their respective constituencies.

guns do not kill--correct--just the screwballs who have them, so if they are made unavailable, they can't be used. Also anyone who can't pass a background check, then whoever is in the household should not be allowed to have them. The excuse that , 'then only criminals will have them  ' is tired and worn out

These kinds of people need to be executed in live tv for treason for 2 reasons . 1 it will send a strong message to the others what happens when you undermine a nation you swore to represent. 2 - they attacked the same people and liberties they swore an oath to protect and uphold!

Where's this author getting their facts from?? No rifle was used in Newtown, HELLO journalism or rhetoric.

Once again, politics rule over safety and common sense and the right to life of the people who will be killed on occasion due to the assault weapons being in the wrong hands.

B.S FeinSTAIN! You just wanted to be seen by your constituents as making a fuss. You knew full well the bill would never get anywhere.

Obama shouldve done this when he had the votes his 1st 2 years in office, instead of wasting time with that obamacare pos.

Leave mental health out of this. The macho guy, gun owners are such guys, will never even acknowledge any sort of emotional or mental need in the first place. Nor will they make any sort of rational compromise. That's a sign of weakness as well. Buy stock now in gun and ammo manufacturers cause if the wild west days return, or worse, a civil war breaks out there will be lots of profits to be made.

Slap slap slap that cow in the face!Take that you old hag anti 2nd amendment Senator wench!!!!

Unbelievable!!!!!!!!!!  the republicans have no guts to fight the nra and their money machine

Political cowardness on the part of every POLITICIAN. The 2nd amendment covers a "well-regulated militia."

This is why democrats keep WINNING. The are not tied to an issue by god or religion. If the republicans could learn a few things from Dirty Harry, they might start winning again...

I still don't understand why I can't own an RPG.

Are Republican politicians have societal moral standard????????

Well, if you ban large capacity magazine clips, you've accomplished the same thing.  I would ban any magazine with more than 6 bullets.

Weapons in gereral are the result of evil minds devising methods to eventually kill off civilization.

Way to sell out. We got weapons of mass destruction right here on our streets

Put it in the damn bill, harry...don't let these gun loving #$%$ keep you from doing it.......if it doesn't pass, it doesn't pass and when their loved ones get gunned down with an assault weapon, i will not shed one tear.typical lack of spine by our politicans.  I am pro gun ,owne several guns but see no need for aasault style semi autos that carry 10-30 rounds.  they make us all less safe both at the range and in the woods. If the nut in conn had to stop tp reload after 5 rounds maybe someone could have gotten to him.  way to go you balle-- politicans.  it shows a blantant disregard for the majority opinion of americans

Many counties and towns in the West during the late 1800’s had stiffer gun control laws then they do in the modern era.  As western towns attracted more families, business men, and industries, the townspeople could no longer tolerate the “wild cowboys”  that were part of area ranch and cattle drives. These were generally young men in their twenties, liquored up, testosterone driven, and with the judgment of a cow on loco weed.   They were often forced to deposit their guns in safe keeping until they left town..

The "terror gap" is the space which can be found between Dianne Feinstein's leggs.

Proof that the Dems are not the pillars of all things good and noble while the Repubs are satan's children. the words fade when the vote is imminent.

How much money wasted on this BS

Hand gun = a gun that can be operated with one handHunting rifle = A firearm used for huntingAssault rifle = A firearm used to assaultWho are these people assaulting? Oh thats right they are assaulting our children.

let's try this simple analysis. if guns make us safe(r), and we have more guns than any country on the planet, then shouldn't this be the safest country in the world? clearly, if you look at the statistics, it is not.

Let every one of the moronic Republicans that feel they "Need" assault weapons have them. Including all the morons in these comments who think they are losing their freedom and are worried the gov't is coming to attack them. LOLOLOLOL It's great for a laugh to see the paranoid #$%$ on these comments. Hope all your guns backfire on you. Southern and midwestern inbreds.

being a gun nut is all fun and games until you get shot in the head and have brain damage

cars in obozo amerika kills 54,000 americans each year. which one is deadly a gun or a car?Feinstein and Reid go take a break for the next 10 years.

how could they say assault rifles won't be in Democrats bill? if they don't put a ban on those Assault rifles then more psychos will buy them and go on more killing sprees and more innocent children will get killed. Families will get killed or seriously injured. we should live like the old days when police knew how to handle having a gun.

Hope all the owners share the same gun range where they can "practice" murder shooting each other

If you would just   shoot the criminals on the  spot, when you caught in  the ACT  YOU ARE GUILTY, shoot them  save  money instead of a  5 star vacation in a prison,

You can see that Harry Reid is disingenuous in everything he does in the Senate. If he believed in the content of the Bill more than he wanted to play politics he would have left it in and voted. The entire Democrat party is just playing politics on every issue irrespective of how it hurts the American public.

"Having a separate vote on assault weapons might free moderate Democratic senators facing re-election next year in Republican-leaning states to vote against the assault weapons measure, but then support the remaining overall package of gun curbs." -  so it is strictly a political play to keep his party members in office instead of doing some good...

Why is there no room for compromise on this issue?

The ban wouldn't be wise...it wouldn't pass any and would just give fodder to the Repugs in 2014. This is a smart move. No reason to give repugs ammo for their only source of support.....fear.

Gutless wonders!!!  Only take up the gauntlet on those issues which can GAIN you votes (same sex marriage), but shy away from the much needed ones that will possibly LOSE you votes....What a Congress we have...

Sold out to the vile gun lobby. What a shame.What a SHAME! The vast majority of Americans agree that we need to make it harder for dangerous people to get dangerous weapons. Andyes, that iincludes a ban on assault weapons.

when the 2nd amendment was made, no one could have imajined the invention of assault type weapons. Long guns,( rifles) and pistols is what was available at the time. Assault guns should be banned from the general public, period.

The NRA splatters our Constituion with the brains, blood and guts or innocent Americans. NRA is a money grubbing gun lobby that knows nothing about the Constituion and does not care about the carnage.

Harry Reid's a #$%$. Show some real leadership, pal, and get high capacity firearms off the streets!

Keep undermining the Democrats, Harry.  You're doing such a great job helping Mitch 'Lipless' McConnell screw the rest of us.  We had an assault weapons ban and it worked just fine - why can't we reinstate that law???  Nobody needs a freakin' AK47 or M15 at home for fun and games!!!!!!  I want you out of a leadership position, Harry. You are killing the Democrats.

Yesterday, we nearly had another tactical assault weapon massacre ata college.The next time it could be you or me or a relative and it is not a matterof if but when it will happen.

The gun whackos who inhabit this space would do best using them on each other.

It doesn't really matter... we don't get tired, we don't give up we will keep pressing...and then we will vote out all the radicals who prefer to have a gun in their hands than the life of a child.

Bible thumpers have KILLED the GOP. They are a cowardly group who wants the government to do their dirty work for them. They dont have the "Sack" to walk down to the ghetto and try to stop the chicks from having abortions. No, they want to pay chumps like Santorum to do it via rules and regulation... GET THE COWARD THUMPERS OUT OF THE GOP.

Those who choose to read this article in it's entirety, can rightfullyconclude that while it is not included now, that this is just going tobe the 1st of many, many more restictive, onerous, &amp; draconianbills to come, &amp; that her pet "Assautl Weapons Ban" will beslipped in somewhere, sometime, possibly even the budget ortax reform bills.It still blows my mind that there are people that think the AR wasn't used at Sandy Hook.

booooo   wussies !

you people and your theories, what a joke fact is there was a ban on assault weapons for 10 yrs. did it make a difference no.but please all of you go back to 2007 did any of your weapons get taken away the first 4 yrs. no.background checks are needed before any purchase i am a gun owner and had to go threw them. but please do America a favor and in future when the final bill is passed and no one comes for your guns please stand up and say i am a lieing  stupid moron who has a mental problem. because this argument was already given in 1993 and nobody lost there guns or hunting rights or shooting rights. it is only a lie spread by the nra and rightwing nuts who profit from gun sales.i realize it is hard for you to remember all the way back to 2007 when they told you if the president was elected he would take your guns he didnt. i know your going to say because he was waiting till his second term, but according to republicans he did not stand a chance to win re  election.well what is it.so keep buying your guns and making gun manufactures rich, and when you wake up and realize you have been played for a fool.remember i am here lmao.

I wish Reid had the courage Feinstein  has.

I'm such an angry old rich fat white man, I have so many guns and so much money but I'm soooooo angry I can't stand it.  WAA WAA WAAAAAA!~  I'm throwing a tantrum right now!  Down with Obama.  MORE BUSH !!! WAA WAAA WAAA

So is it still legal to hunt humans?

Sad that so many people would rather put more importance on gun ownership than lives!!!

Seriously, who needs 1000 bullets to kill one person, when one bullet will do?What kind of person feels the need to rip apart human flesh to tiny bits?That makes you tough guys feel good?Cowards that can't fight face to face need assault weapons, guns, knives.

Those being protective of there assault weapons, what are they affraid of? is it the threat of losing business for the gun makers, or maybe its that threat of Zombies again. How long before another Newtown occurs, and then the public ask themselves if it could have been prevented. The blood in on there hands!

Dems have become the #$%$ party.Im so ashamed you let the friggin right wing a-holes ALWAYS push you around.GROW A PAIR and stand up for whats smart.The NRA and thier employers, the Gun manufacturers, own this issue, and they have purchased the loyalty of politicians of every stripe. That's okay, because one day one of their own will be gunned down by a nut-job with a AR-15, and then we will see how they react. The second Amendment is the most abused part of our constitution, Abused, meaning, interpreted horrifically. And to all of the obsessed gund nuts on this post, I hope your'e happy that you will continue to live the US wild wild west. Wayne LaPierre and his cronies are dangerous for this Country, and when they scare those red-necks out there into buying more and more guns, then they are at their happiest. They take advantage of all of the backwoods, uneducated, inbred gun nuts out there.

Reagan joined former Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter in a letter published in the Boston Globe that called on Congress to pass a ban on assault weapons. Later, in a letter to Rep. Scott Klug, a Wisconsin Republican, Reagan said the limitations proposed by the Assault Weapon Ban “are absolutely necessary”

Pope Francis said "we must protect the weakest among us" I belive that means to ban assault weapons that should be for military use only not able to get into the hands of madmen that kill school children.

Diane DO US a favor.....go to H..llAND RETIRE..............

Maybe we need to see the actual damage done to these children whodidn't survive the massacre in Newtown?Every gun which is made and sold is a threat to all of society and everyone of our communties and to our children.Only the RW NRA and the gun manufactureres are profiting from this gunviolence.