The more of abig deal we make about these killings the more attractive they become to the nut bags/glory seekers/distorted gamers.

Foiled?  He pulled the fire alarm and killed himself.   The police did nothing

WTH is he doing in the dormitory if he was not enrolled? 30 Years old and still going to school that should have been completed long ago, even if part time. Sounds like no one was doing their job..students, ex-students,school admin., campus police ,no one!  What exactly is a .22cal tactical rifle anyway? This adult was messed up and should have been sent back from wherever he came from long ago..it is 2013 isn't it?

......he dropped out last semester, failed to pay his rent, and the college still wouldn't kick him off campus.   Bet that policy will change now.

It seems that like in Lanza's case...'the game' means you off yourself or lose points if the cops take you out

That is what happens with people like the Auora and Sandy Hook shootings as they are distant and are planning something. As that there needs to be red flags there!

"He kept to himself. All he did all day was post comments on Yahoo blogs. That alone should have told us he was psychologically disturbed."

Disgruntled bagger...

why do we even let these foreigners into our colleges when we don't room for our own citizens to be able to attend?   this is exactly how a lot of terrorists get here...student visas!

Probably another foreign student brought to the USA to be educated with taxpayer dollars, while natural born citizens struggle to get and pay student loans. Wake up Congress!Wait...he worked in a sushi restaurant? that explains it...sushi makes crazy people killers...we need background checks for sushi patrons/employees/chefs

... another loner

We need to thin the herd.

What 3rd world country did he come from?

There goes the little argument that "mass shootings only happen in blue states".

WTH is he doing with so many weapons and ammunition?  Why do we sell weapons, clips and ammo to about anyone who wants to own them?  Was this guy a law abiding citizen just waiting to go of?  This country has become slaves to an amendment which was written for the 18th century and it needs to be amended.

Duh, why would a 30 year old be allowed to be in a college dorm? he should have been in his own appartment somewhere and not on campus!  Way to old to be living on campus; anyone paying attention to the RED FLAGS!?!........

Dig that crazy unibrow and close set eyes!Yet another crazy joder!At least this time they had a heads up!

Boy has Terry got the right idea. How many times has this been played out and still congress keeps its blindfold on ,

You people must be the most ignorant blind people ever. Since when the hell does race factor into this?? I wont even bother stooping to your level of idiocy and mentioning any shootings that do not involve anyone not of the US. Ostracizing people like that probably pushes some into crazy terrible actions such as this person planned on doing.Drop all the race hatred and focus on being relieved that this plot was stopped. I know too many people at UCF, and the past thing I would want is news that so many of my former classmates and friends are dead.