We can only hope he is successful.A more prosperous and stable Mexico is good for the United States for many reasons.

Can we have him In the good ole USA????

Good for you Sir, clean up BUT don't forget the drug cartels.

A strong Mexico, US and Canada makes for a strong NAFTA on the world stage. This is the only way to confront emerging countries like India and China and the EU.

Young change agents kicking down old corrupt barriers. Often a double edged sword.

Hopefully he wont "accidentally" fall down the stairs.In Mexico there are lots of "accidents."

Well Sir, looks like you want to change things, don't forget just one little problem the drugs.

Expecting PRI to clean up Mexico's government is like, expecting Democrats to cut spending, and republicans to increase taxes.

he sure is a cutie.  lets hope he can straighten out Mexico so they all will want to stay in their own country.

Good luck to his anti-corruption campaign. Maybe the PRI learned something from being out of power for 12 years, but I hardly dare to hope...."Carlos Slim" This is the richest person in the world, and he owns the New York Times

PRI has been the cause of most of Mexico's problems. They are the socialists who took over the oil industry, and drove it into the ground. They wanted to take over everything, which drove investment out, and corruption and mismanagement in. I do not expect much improvement, but I hope I an wrong.

I hope and pray that MEXICO recovers from all that has brought it down......we need jobs and are willing to relocate!

It would be a good time for the US to help mexico by returning all her workers in order to help the mexican economy.

The pretty boy -- will be as powerful as Mr. Slim and the cartels "allow" him to be --  just like a honest politician going to Washington -- once he has spent some time there -- and the "game" is explained to him (or her) -- things "change" -- and so does his (or her) bank account!!!!!

If he is a clean and go getem as they say, he will be dead in a year. Now will he help close the borders to drugs and coyotes?

That is another guy that get rich from American Tax money, nothing changed in Mexico!Just words in the wind!

The international right wing elite has a master plan to steal elections, crush democracy and implement 1% fascism worldwide.

look at that photo......all of the lawmakers in mexico are MEXICANS.......no diversity at all.......mexicans are RACIST, and we should never allow them to tell us that we are racist, after we absorb MILLIONS of their refugees.......

Unexplained wealth ???  Ha .. what would happen in this country if you suddenly had some"unexplained wealth" ? .. we all know don't we ?Most people murdered in Mexico are the direct consequence of drugs demand and consumption in the US that provides the money for the drug cartels to buy guns in the US that are later smuggled into Mexico to kill people. Even the US gov provided some of them to the cartels (fast and furious). The US government and society should take more responsibility of this matter.

Seeing is believing Mexico 1 of the most beautiful countries in  the world and they can't make money. Almost year round growing season. Good food.Come on US If you want to fight for something lets fight for Mexico. Don't many Mexicains live there they are all up here !

Noticeably missing is no mention of the cartels.  Tigers and Zebras never change stripes, does the PRI?  Or is this just another self-enrichment scheme?

I wonder why the countries south of the border and in S America have so much poverty. And the Catholic church has held sway there for centuries. Hmmmm?

They are just new thieves replacing the old thieves they have no intention to stop robing Mexico they had been doing it for  over 500 years

I hope Mexico's economy rebounds. It'd be nice if the illegals HERE had opportunities in their own land and returned to it.

Thank God pinche calderon is gone ! Stopping the violence and culture of kidnappings should be priorities .  I'm tired of thinking of Mexico as a place where they practice beheadings like a sport.Mexico can actually be a lot of fun .

Reform?   It would take several lifetimes as a benevolent dictator to reform the government

I hope he is the true deal, find i hard to beleive there wasn't something in it for him, maybe it serves to deflect attention from the drug wars going on? He's been very quiet on that subject. But be assured he is in Chapo's pocket as was the previous president

bring diversity to a television industry...there is the answer!....the problem is ... he forgot what the question was...The most corrupt country in the world and all they ever do is talk talk talk. This isnt the first time and it wont be the last.Dont believe the press they lie.

Will anything short of a revolution transform Mexico into a truly democratic state?

Our Republican Party should export the radical, idealogues, the fringe TEAparty to  Mexico.

ay ay ay......

Wonder if he has a plan to keep his illegals in his country!!!

Just like every previous President of Mexico, he too will succumb to the cash that drug cartels will throw at him. Too much corruption to overcome in Mexico and it began centuries ago.

We will see.  Nothing rarely changes in Mexico.

hopefully he keeps making this kind of decisions throughout his term in all levels of government. He must go after what is a most important and problematic issue, the price of first need food items. It is a shame that he used food to get to be president.

I wonder which cartel owns him.

Hey New Presidente keep your illegals at home we have enough of them here.Hey, tell him he can have all of his wet backs back.....

mexico is controlled by cartels and yahoo propaganda can not change that.

Should have read, capitalistic reforms, unlike Obama.

NO FOOD to mexico............................................................................................

If not for our civil war (war between the states), we would have annexed Mexico.

Okay, maybe he can come to our country and take his filthy illegals back.

Doesn't matter. They'll just throw their poor over the border to be America's problem while mooching billions off of America like they always do.

All he has to do is to send his people to invade canada than he will be the Presidentof North America.

Fkng corrupt mother fkr thieves  He is doing the  same as the biggest thief Mexico has had Carlos Salinas the one sold Mexico to Carlos Slim coman mierda putos !

they keep talking like the only part of mexico is the coastline of mexico city and cancun.  he needs to fix the damn country and we have just the right amount of workers to help him do that, all he has to do is pull up in any parking lot and yell 'work today'. if mexico gets in shape, hell some of us may jump the border looking for work soon!Why do these Mexican s look white and we get the ugly short f-ers

Peñaputo trying to impress...same bs!

Close your border and keep all of your cherished constituents working at home.

Wow.  Sounds like he is focusing on all the wrong things!  This is almost a mirror image of Obama.  This guy is going after the wealthy people and not focusing on areas that need the most attention.  All we here in America is the violence is out of control, and unless I missed it in this article??  no mention of tackling that issue.

Mexico is a beautiful place full of richness, the problem has always been corruption, the richer get richer and the poorer get poorer.  If this guy is truly doing all these things and if he continues on this path it will only be a matter of time until we start seeing Americans crossing illegally into Mexico LOL.  Considering that our governent is doing the opposite now!

Most of the comments pretty much point out the similarities between Mexico's government and the US government.  Corruption, big payoffs to government officials, lots of talk--little action, manipulated  fuel prices....does any of this sound familiar.  At least Mexico is making an effort.  We just continue down the same old road.

Mind Control in Mexico. well you have to start somewhere.

It's going to be a tough battle now that Holder has supplied the drug cartels with automatic weapons.  And the democrats continue covering up those sales.

LMMFAOOOOOOOOOOOO  EL JOKO Right ??

sounds like usa under obama, 2 cable companies setting prices   one of them just bought cbs programming now they have control over price of content they sell to any other cable system.which basically stops anyone from lowering their prices.  where were the headlines in the news?  oh thats right obama controls networks now.look at the hundreds of billions the unions give to gov.  we are the next mexicoThe only reform is to get rid of the middlemen in corruption and keep the money to themselves.

He should start by keeping his people from coming into the U.S. and keep his drug gangs from operating.  That's how he can start reform!

They are the young generation of thieves they are already planing to send  more mexican people to the USA because they say the cash revenue from USA is slowing down

Here's an idea. Grow a set and take care of your own narco state of a country. Everybody else is tired of having to billet your people!

God bless Pena Nieto. His success would make North America the most prosperous continent in the world.

(yawn) Look someone put a new dress and new shade of lipstick on that pig ( but it is still a pig)

How about gathering your PEOPLE, and reforming your EXIT VISAS!

I wonder if the writer has ever even been to Mexico. My phone and internet together is less than $30 a month. I was paying out $58 in the US a year ago. Hmm... Now how is $30 more than $58? Is this another new math that makes no sense?

Mexico has vast natural resources like oil, minerals agriculture and cheap labor and no will to organize it. He has a tough job.

Same #$%$ different dogAs I read this I am thinking...this is America....rich and powerful, running the country...the only difference is there are enough of us middle class people with enough money to keep us placated...this will not be forever...

we need to keep the mexicans. they work. send him all the social parasites.

he will get what kennedy got     SNIPER

VIVA CHAPO GUZMAN!!!❤Cartel de Sinaloa❤

Did I miss something here? What is he going to do about the drug cartels and the rampant murders going on in Mexico? Does he not see these as problems?

about time

Little by Little and day by day Mexico will be the place to visit ounce again...Viva Mexico !!

That is nice that there are reforms going on, but when is he going to do something about the slaughter of innocent people by all of the drug cartels?

If the economy in mexico improves there will be no more american illegals living in mexico, it is fact that mexico has several thousands of american illegals, their pension money goes a long way. Actually you can live in mexico with one thousand dollars per month.pay rent, utilities, groceries and a part time maid.On the other hand if mexico improves the usa will benefit,go mr. Pena nieto go

He now supports the drug cartels by censoring the violence that they produce thru the media and if he claims he has to much power and wealth they why wont he bring back his illeagal people to mexicoLet's hope for the sake of all the people in Mexico and the US and also for the good of humanity and Latin America that these good changes indeed come true, it will be a great change for democracy in general in the whole world if someone can actually make those changes and not just promises for their own agenda.

Let's get a plan to keep and take back your own. Reverse immigration. Sometime's I think I should consult these people!

who the hell wrote this? its lie your licking his ball sacks!you wouldnt know, he is the most corrupt !! he is just a person they put in front so HIS boss can do whatever he pleases with OUR country!! he knows nothing about what WE THE PEOLPE are facing every day!!! i doubt anyy of you would want this piece of #$%$ to govern your country!!! all he is good for is raising prices on everything, and going on about making people think he is doing something for the country, which in reality he's NOT!he is more than welcome to come and vidist out towns up north! so he can see that we are NOT OK...we are not safe!! but yessss, sure hes tackling down other important things! to hell with that!

Drugs ??

VIVA!

Words Reform and mexico, not supposed to be in same sentence.

It didn't take long for some i.diot to bring up that. Maybe Americans can start by not using drugs? That is basically ruining Mexico, also they can quit sending the CIA to destabilize the Mexican government by funding Narcos and bring them weapons to kill government officials. They can also stop providing training for the narcos. It would help.

Viva villa

If Mexico wants to be a world power, it should cut all ties with U.S.

mexico should change its name to crime and the last one out will pay  up for stealing from our government  but as we all know crime dont pay,as they leave that rat hole and say the last man out will payHe's doing a fine job. There's virtually no problems in Mexico, and it's a great tourist attraction.

am so glad that this person will do the right thing 4 Mexicans citizen,finnaly someone with big balls ........good luck Mr Nieto...

nice suits! while ur people eat gmo tortillas as they watch their mother being hacked to death. ahhhh vacation in the south.  git rid of the 5 controlling families . imean - how can there be such poverty there? we know the answer.

How about enforcing their mexican border a little better...

This guy is a great talker like Obama, I hope he will be different.  But part of the reason he is taking on the family that controls the mass media is cause they exposed corruption coming from his party and from him.  So unlike American media, the Mexican media still believes in investigative journalism and reporting corruption instead of being in bed with politicians.And it is kinda silly that he won't be going after the head of PEMEX union like he should be.  I guess, he bought Pena off.

Pena Nieto is mad with Televisa he didn't get a chance to have a role on a Novela.

Mexico needs a civil war and USA needs to stop supporting the curoupt Mexican government and help the mexicans who speak out against it but the us #$%$ goverment make to much money from the drug trade

Every country but OBUTTMA LAND is making progress why is that oh we have an idiot running it

Mexico is ugly as black people.

He wants to push reform in Mexico but I wonder who will be reformed those who are trying to flee the country or those who line in US?