I'm disappointed in the judge: when the T-shirt was revealed, Lane should have been removed from the courtroom and it removed. With the first obscene comment and finger gesture, the judge should have had him restrained and gagged.

We have a judge in our little town that will make people leave because they are not dressed properly

What a POS.....

A definat, angry, malcontent that acted out his aggressions.  He will now have to be incarcerated for the rest of his time on earth.  A pathetic individual.

Sure he is defiant when the cameras and attention is on him...but just wait. He is in for a rude awakening when he is stuck in jail for the rest of his life and the rest of the world has forgotten about him. Well...the rest of the world minus whoever decides to make him their #$%$ in the slammer. Good luck you little punk.

This little punk doesn't get it yet.  The only way he leaves prison is in a body bag. How fast that happens depends on him.  There is another convict in there who has nothing to lose waiting for him. Going to beat that smirk off his face! He has no clue what is waiting for him in prison.

COSTS TOO MUCH TO HOUSE HIM!"KILLEM" !!!

I hope he get's to have Bubba for a cell mate!!

Hang the little SOB.

This brat knows full well that no one will lay a hand on him, one of the greatest problems todays parents face with thier own kids. I do not go for beating a child but when the laws removed spanking and such from the parents it was a bad move. Now many parents are affraid of their kids as some threaten to call CPS if they do not get their way.

The death penalty is too good for him. He sounds like a kid who got off on the killing and did it because he could. Shouldn't be alive after this.there is evil in this world

This brat knows full well that no one will lay a hand on him, one of the greatest problems todays parents face with thier own kids. I do not go for beating a child but when the laws removed spanking and such from the parents it was a bad move. Now many parents are affraid of their kids as some threaten to call CPS if they do not get their way.

he be out by 21st bday??? only if they carry him out in a box. P.S. this boy wont be a boy for long, he will be fresh meat for the hardcore prisoners doing life, so maybe he will be carried out by 19

Lock him away in a dark cell in total isolation,and never should a word be spoken to him again.No TV,no books and no visitors,watch his attitude change.

He's old enough to kill, but not be killed? Seems like a review of the law is needed.

In Texas, we'd give this trash a graveyard plot.

WHY was he not in an orange jumpsuit ?

Why do these nuts keep killing innocent people , there's plenty of people that need killing .

He won't be such a smart a--  a month from now ; maybe a sore a-- .

Someone like this young man who has so little respect for life. I agree with the parents of the boys he killed I hope he has a long and miserable stay, may God have mercy on him because the people he will be in with won't!!!well, he does have 3 lifetimes of being raped by men, to look forward too.  kinda puts a smile on my face.

Why do the people have to pay to keep this POS alive? Save the tax payers money hang him, and I'll buy the rope.

He needs life in prison without parole, and his wrists handcuffed to his ankles the whole time he is in there!

Hope he gets the Dahmer treatment.

3 Life's .. wow, smart judge .. now CHARDON, Ohio Taxpayers have to pay about $27,000+a year until the guy dies .. Cost to imprison goes from $22 - 55.000/per year regardlessthe crime.  It makes sense to pay that much for this guy to remain in prison.But it doesn't make sense to have 500.000+ Non Violent, Victimless others, at the samecost, in prison with him.  We are Supporting the Prison Industry.  We have 6% of theworlds population and 25% of the World's Prison Population.  Judges don't evenconsider cost to the Taxpayer when they sentence, this is Big Business.This country is Sick.

I'd like to know what that cop behind him is thinking.  "Lord if you answer prayers give me ten minutes with this S.O.B."  Amen

sick !!!!

Too bad Judge Roy Bean wasn't presiding over his trial, he'd be wearing that shirt in his casket.

He's completely unaware of what prison means.

Well he will be somebody's little #$%$ soon enough.  What a horrible life to have to live.  And he has ruined so many others lives by senseless killing.Let's see how long the defiant attitude lasts in prison.

Bluff and bluster , that's all it is . As a practical matter , that only goes so far , he'll be the one getting the education very shortly . Just looking at his pictures makes me think he'll be very popular in prison ....hope he remembers to pack his makeup bag and thong underwear .

Hang on to the soap for the next 25 years...You have no idea what awaits you smart #$%$ and you deserve every second of it..

They don't call 'em "in"mates for nothing.

being a smart #$%$ is not a mental illness and we need to quir giving tenure to the real criminals who get paid to dream this foolishnedd up. i just cannot imagine what is to be gained for society to house and feed this guy for another sixty years or more.

Judging by the look the Sheriff's deputy was giving this #$%$ I bet he wished he could cap him right there

Are the authorities there worried about his privacy rights in prison? Letting him wear that shirt is a joke to our laws!

Hurry to jail, T.J. Big Bubba, your cell mate, is already drooling.

If he's masterbating to the memory, he just might like bending over in Prison.  He should get the Death penalty.  What difference does it make that he MURDERED at 17?

Someone call a priest.  This kid is possessed by demons.A lot of knee grow inmates are gonna make that skinny white boy squeal like a pig.Bend over, chump! Here comes another brutha's big black snake!

Had I been one of the victim's parents and had him turn and say "The hand that pulled the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," then give me the finger.....I would have been in jail for grabbing him around the throat and choking the living shi&amp; out of him.

Pathetic.

I don't care what age he was, this kid deserves to die, and real soon, not in twenty years.

and with the media attention a sick killer like this gets,some sick kid somewhere is thinking of ways to out do him and get his 15 minutes of media attention. all while the media ignores important issues world wide.

We must be doing something right...I can't count how many teenagers are on this week...rapists ...killers...boy what a job...parents must be proud

While the scene was unfortunate at least the sentencing is over and his butt has been hauled off to be thrown away somewhere. Another useless drug crazed, athiest kid with no morals what so ever.  I don't think he will be so cocky in prison.

the big boys with the droopy pants will take care of this smug, evil being!

Big Bubba is gonna' love this kid.

He will get what's coming to him...sitting there smiling....just so cool in his mind, but we all know that this punk is going to get his #$%$ beat down and I hope he enjoys many  years of  hell...here and beyond

Don't drop the soap, TJ Lane.

You think he will be smiling when BIG Black Budda has him bent over and traded for a cartoon of smokes in under 30 mins?

Now we have to pay for his food, board and medical for life. Little piece of garbage. Suffer in jail fool...I hope Bubba will rape your stupid A  -  S   -  S  in jail.

I feel sorry for his family. He obviously is a few cards short of a full deck.

All these teenage shootings and other violence is a reflection on the society in which it is happening. Things are not going well with our young people. This 'permissiveness' and lack of training and leadership towards the young by the parents and others who should be 'showing the way' is very detrimental to the whole of our society. People go crazy and nobody cares about them until it is 'too late to matter'. How about we start a 'war on mental illness'?

He can't be normal.  I fell sorry for the families that lost their loved ones at the hands of this maniac.

He should be executed. No good can come of keeping him alive. He doesn't care about what he did, each day will be a gift to him (not a punishment) and we'll be footing the bill (while he laughs at us for doing it). Show him a noose and it will wipe that stupid #$%$ grin off his face.

This smirking purveyor of obscenity may soon learn the many and varied possible interpretations of, and reactions to, his own obscene gesture.

Soon, he'll be sporting undies that say ,"Ho."He'll learn to give a "killer" BJ in prison.

So glad to hear they managed to keep one of these guys alive so they can really pay for their crime. he may not think it is so funny when he gets passed around the cell block a few times as the new play toy. I wish you many sleepless nights you SOB

With that kind of time. He will end up at Mansfield or Lucasville. Anybody that lives around one of these prisons knows what kind of places they are. He'll have a real special welcoming committee waiting for him!

The new youth of America, all compassion.

Since many inmates have children in schools, I would think this kid will be kept in solitary or in a protected single cell.  If he can't be executed, then spending the rest of his life alone is fitting punishment for such a person.  Too bad Alcatraz is closed it has some lovely solitary cells.

What? They won't put the gun he used on trail? I thought guns killed people according to media and the president.. Oh yeah.. He didn't use an AR. Guess that didn't make the grade until they try to take handguns.

He won't be laughing when the BIGGEST dude he's ever seen tries and succeeds in having his way with him while in the PEN!

I bet he's not so cocky in 25-30 years.

Some people are just evil.

I wonder what psychotropic drugs this punk was taking.Just put him in general population. Every time he try's to kill himself (he will) revive him and toss him back in.

He's a cute young boy that's going to REAL prison.  The things that will happen to him there, he might end up wishing that he was dead.  I hope they eat him alive.

Not gonna be so tough in prison little boy.

Could I have 5 minutes in a room with him before you send him to prison?  Bet I could wipe that smirk off of his face.

This is great, this fool thought he could still play the crazy card. Now he's going to end up in jail with the brothers, wait till they get their hands on him, he'll wear a shirt saying wife instead of killer. I love it.

His next t-shirt will say "girlfriend"

If my math is correct, I think he will die in prison.

Rot In Hell Boy !!!

""The hand that pulled the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," he said, then cursed at and raised his middle finger toward the victims' relatives."If ever a thug deserved the death penalty this is it.Yet Ohio tax payers will fork out $165 per day to keep him locked up. That's $3.5 million if he lives to age 80 and does not get parole.

T.J, you'll be doing more than just masturbating in prison bud. Yours is going to get torn.He is possessed. In any case He will be the new ho in prison.

I've heard of being angry with the world, but this little maggot takes the cake.I bet an old school Marine like Ermey could straighten up his attitude problem.

No remorse now - well, lets see how he feels after the reality of prison sets in.

Obviously a sick small minded animal!

Take my word for this: Within three months in the slam, this cocky child will be Bubba's girlfriend.

With that kind of attitude he won't last a month in prison.

"Defiant teen gets life sentences in Ohio shooting" bending over.... :) I smell fresh fish...

This is an example of modern-day "possession"..this kid's mind needs re-wiring, but no one seems to know how to do it,,,or even gives a rap! Really sad!

never wished as hard as this guy that he had never been born!!

Forgotten by week's end if not already.Forgotten by week's end if not already.

Should have tortured him to death.  See if he would have smiled then|!

He is going to be fresh meat for Bubba! But 50 K a year for the next 60 years..Hanging would be much more economical!

If you are going to jail,Ya might as well get your times worth before ya go.

Wait til he gets in prison. His tough guy attitude will change real quick.

He won't be so defiant and rude when he gets to prison... Come here fresh meat!!!!

The pain his parents must be suffering has to be horrible. The pain of the parents of the victims must be even worse. Yet this person has shown there is no redemption for him and instead of costing the state $70,000 to $100,000 per year for the next 70 years, he should be removed from this world.

There is no correctional facility that can fix this abomination. Why make us pay to care for him. Please end him.

This fool will be big and bad and high on the media for about the next 5 days. Then its time for him by mouth wash and anal lube!

Give him the lethat injections and get rid of him instead of keeping him locked up for at least the next 60 years at the taxpayers expense.This can't be true! It's illegal to have a gun within 1,000 feet of a school. Yeah, those stupid gun control laws work really well, don't they? They should have have school gaurds and teachers with concealed guns that could have taken this P.O.S out the second he drew on those poor kids.

With any luck, this turd gets a shank, right between the ribs.

The deputy standing behind him in the picture, should have tazed his little smarta(s)(s) and let him flop around on the floor. Then make him stand up and take it like a man, he will need it! Hi bubba!

Reality has not caught up with him but now he has all the time in the world to come to grips with what a terrible place he is going to. 18 and life is a long time to be in jail, no matter what the jail is like and I suspect wher ehe is going, skinny and white, it will not be pleasant.

Bet he won't be smiling with Rocko's member in his mouth.

Yet another crazed youth of today, and you want to blame guns? Better start looking at the youth of today and their parents who taught them nothing, and the government Lib school programs that destroyed them. The blame lie there. Honor, respect, self respect, work ethic none of that is taught today, and and look at the mess these kids are making.

Up to this point he's been most likely separated from the general population as he went through trial and sentencing due to his age. He thinks there isn't anything to this and he's some kind of bad-.boy. As petite as he looks like he is he'd better pick a "friend" when he gets to population or he'll be everyone's date.

any word on what psych meds he may have been on??search "school shooters on drugs"hopefully he won't live long (but dies slow) in prison

Ship him to a Mexican prison. They will slip him the whole enchilada!

He is trying to be tough before he is sent to prison and gets raped and sold for more rape. Big tough kid shooting unarmed kids, he will see just how much his virgin behind is worth. Rot in hell murderer.He is trying to be tough before he is sent to prison and gets raped and sold for more rape. Big tough kid shooting unarmed kids, he will see just how much his virgin behind is worth. Rot in hell murderer.

Enjoy your little attention opportunity. Now you're going away for hard time for the rest of your life. You won't like the attention you get in prison.

Little pri / ck needs to rot in hell.

Maybe he should be sentenced to one of the supermax fed prisons. Then I bet his attitude would change, he would be crying and #$%$ on himself after about 30 mins.

They'll beat that wises@ss out of him in prison.

Poster child for the death penality.

What a waste. Execute him and lets move on.

Bubba awaits you little punk #$%$ #$%$.

He might think he is a bad #$%$.He will find out how bad #$%$ he isn't when he gets to prison.

Well, I suspect a maximum prison will take the smirk off his face.You had your moment..I hope it was worth it to you.Now hang on to the soap for the next 25 years...You have no idea what awaits you punk and you deserve every second of it..

He wasn't eligible for the death penalty because he was 17 at the time of the shootings.but his victims were,doesnt that count?shouldnt matter,in murder cases,what age the killer is.

Any one who thinks the death penalty should not apply to this animal is not considering the fact that the taxpayer will pay over $100,000.00 per year to keep him alive.  Then with the continued turn over of parole personnel the memories will get short or some bleeding heart Liberal will champion this piece of work, and he will be released in 30 or 40 years.  We have problems in this country and we keep adding to the deficit to keep garbage alive.

I'm glad some have that kind of restraint. I'd be fighting &amp; kicking all the way to get at him until they tased or shot me.

Oh the lifers in prison are going to have fun with this punk! Also, I'd like to see what his attitude is like in 15 years? If he lives that long.

I'm sure his sister and family love him but perhaps it would be better if they just write him off and forget about him.

This POS is why there should be a death penalty. He is vile and disgusting. I hope he is sent to worst prison possible and thrown into the general population.

Atleast he's good with words.But still a douche.

best place for him.

He is not going to fare well in prison at allI'll give him two weeks with others like him, and he will be cryig like a baby.

So now the taxpayers get to support him for the rest of his life.

What is a matter with you people in OHIO?  Murderers and rapists everywhere.

What a sick #$%$ POS to say something like that to the families.  He won't need his hand as his best friend anymore, cause Bubba will keep him satisfied in prison.  There had to have been some sort of red flag, that the family should have seen.  These creeps are not born over night.

Guilty beyond a doubt.....he should get the death penalty, not be supported for the rest of his life.

18 years old and he is going to spend the rest of his life being the prison #$%$, good thinking kid .

This kid thinks he is a real tough guy. I wonder how he will feel after a few months in general population in prison. I hope they make him the cell block entertainment for years.

The death penalty in this case, would have provided an easy out for this monster. Better that he takes 100 years to rot in prison.

"The hand that pulled the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," he said, then cursed at and raised his middle finger toward the victims' relatives.He will no doubt have plenty nice memories of his time in prison; we'll see if he masturbates to those memories as well.

He is clearly possessed by his own demons, which explains his the way he was acting.The judge didn't notice it? Bull...

The young man should understand that being brave is something that occurs when one has a choice to do something else. Everyone in the court knew what the sentence was going to be and now he has a life time to understand the tragedy of spending life with those that also have little to lose.

That's right, TJ. With this magic ward embellished on your attire, you will cause great fear and respect to fall upon you by those who would pull your pantaloons toward the floor and cast a TapDatAzz spell on you. Now forth, young Great Man, and be not scared of the Bubba troll's crusted-brown #$%$-violator. Your ward will protect you, Great Man!

Instead of going after gun rights how about changing not guilty for reason of insanity to guilty by reason of insanity.

My guess is that the prison system will have to place him in a protective custoday area and probably heavily medicate him in the future.  Hopefully he will never be released from prison.

We put rabid dogs down, why not this animial?!

I hope he gets thrown in with the general prison population. He will learn real quickly what his hand jester means...only in reverse.

Why wasn't he wearing handcuffs?

Why bother keeping him alive. Let the Family's of the Victims take him behind the court house and beat him to death.

Theory about the motive but wouldn't discuss it because the public can't handle the truth. Must be another "mental illness" motive.Too bad he didn't get the death penalty...I say kill the killer but I guess the judge saw it differently..

You wanna be da husband, or you wanna be da wife? Sorry, you gonna be da wife.

Idiot! Glad he is off the streets for good!

When he gets to prison I hope that they #$%$ him up the #$%$ nonstop till he goes insane.

And i would almost bet he has never be spanked growing up for the right reasons

This idiot will face reality when he wakes-up the first moring with an ugly bad black asking for a favor and he will protect him. Lol.

Three life sentences, wow, that is a whole lot worse then one life sentence.

Oh boy will they have fun with this fresh meat.

Why are the taxpayers of Ohio wasting money housing this idiot for the next 60 years or so?  He should be executed.

He will lose that additude over time.  He should not be allowed to see another sunrise however.Such a pretty boy.  He's going to be very popular in the prison showers.

"The hand that pulled the trigger that killed your sons now masturbatesxxx to the memory,"Soon his mouth and #$%$ shall be accommodating.

When he gets to jail his t-shirt will be tied up in front like a girl from Hee-Haw and it will say something else on it.  Enjoy the rest of YOUR life pal!  There will be quite a few unlicensed proctologists where you're headed.

Bubba is waiting for this guy.  He will make him squeal like a pig.  At 18, he will probably be squealing for at least 10 years.  Im happy for him.

Prison guards: Please, Please, Please put that skinny boy in with general population when no ones looking.

When we're born we all start out the same, what happens to someone that by 18 he ends up this screwed up. It's sad for any human being to end up like this.

Every year on the anniversery of those killings that monster should be tied to a chair and the victim's families should be allowed to beat him just to the point of death for the rest of his miserable life.

Another Manson. I'll keep my guns Feinstein, thanks. He wont make it in general population a year. I hope they stretch out his #$%$ for him real good. Dahmer got his.

I wish one of the guards had forced him to put on a t-shirt that read "PRISON BlTCH" and then forced him to show THAT to the courtroom.C-Pup

After three showers with Tyrone, his anal retention won't be what it once was....a perfect reason for the death penalty for juveniles.

THIS is why the death penalty is needed......

You'll be using that hand to masterbate someone else now....

More and more children in our society are shown to be morally bankrupt.....

It's time to subject convicted criminals to physical punishments in prison. I will volunteer to do the whipping, beating , kicking, slapping the sh(i)tz out of  animals like this.

What a joke.  Life sentence for mass murder.  Part of the reason we have these killings is no killer fears prison.

Fry his a.s.s.

He's gonna be someone's sweetheart for years to cum , where he's going.

Put him in general population, &amp; we'll see how quickly he'll cry for mommy.

W)t)f) is wrong with people today? How did this little p.o.s get those guns? Stole them probably? These school shootings need to stopped being reported so intently, these unpopular wackos just see them as a chance to make a name for themselves and compete with the other wackos for more notoriety.He better start working-out with weights because he's going to be another inmate's "toy".

He will most likely be locked up in the criminally insane section of the prison, drugged out of his mind with pyschotropic drugs and not live to see middle age. Wonder if it would have been better that this person get mental health help before he killed three people?

Too bad punishment no longer includes stocks and caning.

This jerk is about to find out why he should not be so casual about prison, There are a lot of guys there that will not have sympathy for a cowardly #$%$ that picks on helpless victims, when it becomes known what he did to get sent to prison, he will begin to see what it means to be helpless and a victim, he may not survive the lessons he will be taught.

Two to the chest, one to the head.

I will bet he is a serious online gamer.  Recent studies of these shootings have shown that they pick targets worth the most points and then take their own lives to retain the high score.  He's not going to feel so smug when he gets a 250 lb, muscle bound cellmate that takes a liking to that nice, young, soft skin of his.  He'll wish he had never seen a firearm when he loses anal retention.

I heard this guy might write a book:  What its like being a prison #$%$!

He's showing off his idea for his first jail house tattoo.

This Murderer will soon hear the Old cliche that convicts use, when new young boys come in, bend over!!!,.. Don't grab "Your" ankles!!!, grab "Mine"!!!, I don't want you running off!!  after a while, he will end up in PC, (protective custody) for his own well being, there he will live with others, just like him!!, and yes, from there, a body bag!!! (So I've been told, and read about!!)

I think that hand that masturbates to the fantasy of his killing should be removed.To those of you who want Bubba to take care of this kid: It might have been a 'Bubba on the outside' that made this kid the way he is today. Many kids become killers because of severe sexual, mental and physical abuse as children. If that is the case - this kid will BECOME the Bubba in prison - and be a danger to those weaker than him. Vicious circle. He will enjoy prison, eventually.

Bad seed.....

Well, little boy, welcome to general population!!  You have a long life ahead of you...not to mention a real pretty mouth...

He WILL end up being a slave to an inmate.  He WILL live in fear all the remaing days of his life in prison.  He WILL be sold to other inmates when they grow tired of him.  He WILL kill himself unless a lifer doen't kill him first.  He WILL live in hell on earth. He WILL enter hell after his death if he remains the same.  He WILL be tormented for eternity. WE WILL be glad because he won't be in society.

I bet his mooma is proud of what she spent 18 years not raising properly.

He's going to have so much fun in prison. He'll find out just what a tough-guy he isn't.

Why does everybody want this punk dead? Death is too easy on this sicko. 3 life sentences for a kid his age is a death sentence in itself. Sooner or later it's going to hit him like it does many convicts when they realize they'll never be free, they'll be behind bars like animals for the rest of their sorry lives, no Christmas, Thanksgiving, no Spring Break, no drinking or partying with others. It'll hit him later. His sister is just as f****D up as he is with her senseless comment. Yeah he's going to touch other people's lives in a positive way alright like COME HERE WHITE BOY.

He won't be laughing when he get's bent over and used as someone's girlfriend.

that's okay, he'll soon be wearing underwear with "MY B!TCH" written on it.

if ever there was a case for abortion this punk is it. Once again antigun weenies, outlaw guns from law abiding, responsible people and who will have them? Psycho punks like this kid. But you all know that don't you?I wouldn't give him life, I would give him a bullet in the head.

That teenage brat of mine would go to the Pearlu Gates with a shirt that said "Screw God."Been 35 years since I wass in court but my suit was better than the lawyers. "Yes Sir. Yes Your Honor. Yes. Yes. Yes. Thank you Sir." Practice in front of a mirror.

Stupid immature heartless teen.  It will hit him the first night in jail.  If not then, when he gets raped.

He will be cute in prison. He did what he did and got what he deserved. Throw away the key.

Honk BoBo time!

You dropped your soap just took on a whole new meaning for him.

Laugh now NutJob but I betcha in about 5 years when your farts don't make noise any more you'll be crying like the little #$%$ you are  as the boyz in your block have you when they want you

Put him down!

Just wait til his first shower he'll be crying like a #$%$ and that smile will be gone!!!!

Don't you just love that you're just like he is.  Except without the guts.  Sure you do.  LOL !!!1.  The Judge did not have to allow that.  Free speech and all, a disruptive defendant can be restrained or even removed, even at sentencing.  His t-shirt was the same as shouting the word, and others have been removed for such antics.2.  His words are his words, he had a right to say it.  He only came across as stupid, idiotic, and a little boy trying to come across as a bad guy for his long stay in prison....see 'I am all that and more' for his new prison girlfriend....more likely in his case his new boyfriend (seeing as he is about the size of a pillow case).3. Enjoy being the receiver of prison justice for years to come young fella'.4.  The people you flipped off, they got to walk out of court free of the shackles, bars, and male escorts you'll be surrounded by for life.  They get to get married, have kids, have lives...sorrow in their hearts....they get to live and breathe free air, not the air of the urinal next to the bed like you.He just came across as a pasty white kid, trying to look tough, who stupidly killed people....to prove what a big man he thinks he is.   Little, little boy.

Isn't it obvious, that media is giving this kid what he wants. They made him famous, and he loves that people are still talking about him and his crime.

Clearly an IMMATURE TEEN ... should not have been tried as an adult

I don't understand why taxpayers money should be wasted for the rest of his life in prison.  What possible use does his life bring to society.  Hopefully the other prisoners will take care of him so he has a short life in prison.

just shoot him.

A few years back, a 320 lb. syphilitic prison rapist did something kind for someone.This is his Karmic reward.

The moron will be a prison betotch will soon.

And now the taxpayers of that state get to feed his sorry #$%$ for the next 50 years....

Seriously, death would have been an easy way out for this wacko...

The first thing that should happen to this creep, even before he gets to prison, is the amputation of both of his middle fingers with a tin snip. Maybe cut off his tongue as well, since he has no decent use for it.When we see shows like "The Following" with Kevin Bacon, depicting the "charisma" of a mass murderer, who draws phycopaths from far and near, pledging to serve him and making him a godhead, it makes one wonder why we're surprised to see this kind of behavior among young, impressionable kids who may be undiagnosed ticking time bombs.

enjoy life with the sodomites New fish!!!!!

not only will get he get roids beyond his wildest dreams,I would imagine tmj would be in his future as well.

hey T.J. .... better sneak in a 50gal drum of Prep-H, you're gonna need it

He's possessed

Bubba will enlarge the rings around Uranas, T.J.laugh clown, laugh.

He is defiant and arrogant now, that will change when he arrives at his new home.

This kid won't last very long in the big house.

His shirt in prison will say "Bubba's B**ch"..

Now the hand that pulled the trigger will be gripping the pillow he'll be biting,.I see a "Bubba" in his future,.Dry I hope.....Put this punk in general population asap and make sure everyone knows he is in heat.

He puts up a good front but behind it all this turd is scared stiff.

Poor idiot will be someone #$%$ in a few days.....

this dude does not need prison, he needs the death penalty, he has no/zero/0 remorse.

Exactly why are we keeping this total waste of human DNA alive?

That little punk is going to enjoy the sore booty he is about to have. What that you have a sore throat as well - what a shame. Enjoy all that liquid protein.

The injustice here is that he wasn't given the death penalty I bet he wouldn't have been so smug then.

rabid dogs get put down around here...hope he is put down soon, but not untill he gets totally broke down....to hell with him!!

Should have gotten the needle.  Now he'll get the poke in the pokey........

I'm sure he won't survive in prison, someone will put him out of his misery; and a fitting end for the piece of garbage he is..50 cent bullet is all it takes to end this madness.  I can't believe people would justify spending tax dollars to keep him alive.

He won't be so defiant in a year or two...

death penalty.

Do not pass judgent on alternative high schools.  They save the academic careers of many students.  My son is on his way to getting his diploma.....

Womba Womba to death.

This is sad for both sides.  The parents child was murdered and the parents of the teen shooter have hearts that died.  My son had problems but fortunately I had the resources to get him the help he needed.  Turning 18 he is on his way to becoming a well adjusted adult.  Not all people are so lucky.  Mental health is serious issue.  I am not defending the killer.  This is an all around sad situation.

Put him away and throw away the key!

He should have been executed immediately, on-site, after they shoved his shirt up his butt and cut his hand off.

There are punks like this in classrooms all over this country.  And yet teachers are told they can't touch them!!!  What they need is a really good butt kicking!!!

don't waste the money housing this creep. death by firing squad! and may the shooters be terrible marksman and firing .22's.oh goodie goodie..my flucking tax dollars wasted again !  Thanks, Aholes !

You wont be so tough when they let you go in gen pop.

hang this animal.................................NOW

Why are we the people sentenced to give this person free room and board for the rest of his natural life?

They best NEVER let this person out of prison unless it is to go into the ground.

Best news I've heard all month. Almost makes it worth reading yahoo, ALMOST. Would give anything to watch him get his cherry popped in prison.

He is our Ben Ladin ...

I bet ol Bubba is going to put the smackdown on the young body of "KILLER", gonna love him long time....

Just can't wait to see how he does when he curses and gives the middle finger to the guys at the State Prison.  Shame they aren't allowed phones with cameras.

re enstate hard labor for these murderers.  The death peanalty would work too but not like a life of working his as  s off and letting any profit go to the family of the victemThat kid is sick and needs locked away from people.

Might as well paint a bulls eye on your behind fella 'cause here it comes!!!

sweet cheeks will get a real wake up call soon he's going to become someones lady very soon

What's wrong with that judge to allow this punk to wear that t-shirt, and to talk to the crowd. He should have ripped the shirt off him and gagged him.

There is something drasically wrong with school systems, and modern education in general, when there is a need for "alternative High schools".  What is the problem?  -- prescription drugs?  illegal drugs and substances?  immunizations? artificial sweeteners? fluoride toothpaste?  fluoridated water?  cheese overload?  modern culture?  rejection of religion? alcohol? pseudo-intellectual #$%$ on TV?    what????

I feel horrible for the family to have to endure this even when they have lost a child. This juvenile will not be smiling much longer when he gets to his cell. Definitely will be somebody's girlfriend. And then his laugh will turn to fear......and desperation.

You can't say he wasn't committed.. Now he will be committed to Jail..

What? They won't put the gun he used on trail? I thought guns killed people according to media and the president.. Oh yeah.. He didn't use an AR. Guess that didn't make the grade until they try to take handguns.

i dont understand why because he was 17 that makes im inellagable for the death penalty, at 17 he knows right from wrong and he made the choice to take a life(2), they said he wasnt crazy so that makes him just inhuman ans should be able to be sentenced to death.

Hey Killer, can you say beyotch?The devil makes his public appearances to give us the bird in all shapes, ages, sizes and colors.  This is clearly an example of a pile of white feces with a smirk attached.

Hope this little basterds life sentence is a short one!

Young TJ is going to be sooo popular at his next address.

After 30 days in jail and getting sodomized daily, he will regret not shooting himself in the head after shooting his victims. Let him experience hell on earth until he decides to end it all.

If you can pull a trigger, you can die.  Put this animal down and spare us the cost of housing it for the next 70 years.

OMG yeah spanking would have stopped him OMG

I'd like to see what his attitude is in a few months.

This kid things he's so tough - a real rock star - wait till he gets inside and meets a booty bandit. He's going to be spending a lot of time biting the pillow.

What a creep!

This kid is about to get that smile/smirk to work tossing salad.This kid is about to get that smile/smirk to work tossing salad.

WOW , I stopped reading at masturbates.

I calculated this kid's time. He would have to do about 70 years. He will be 87 years old then. He will die in prison. All those important years lock up behind bars. This kid has not felt those words from the victims family. However, there will be a time he will. This is a very sad, sad case. 3 kids lost thier lives. And one will die everyday in prison. God have mercy. This does bring tears to my eyes.

Little punk piece of garbage will start by being a cell block h0 then someone's personal GF.At some point, hopefully sooner than later, he'll PO someone and end up dead.

I support capitol punishment, and under this kind of circumstance he should be led out of the courtroom and never heard from again.

The little prick won't be laughing when the big house perverts get to him.

when he gets to prison, that smurk will last about two seconds

Evil really does exist in this world.  No one should ever be so naive as to not recognize it when they see it.

Why is this POS being allowed to live at taxpayer expense?

Why not just cut off both arms at the shoulders.... and drop him in the ocean ?Too bad the little bstrd didn't kill himself and save the taxpayers a whole lot of money that doesn't deserve to be spent on this waste of skin.

Too bad he "missed" his chance to get the death penalty. He's one who deserves it...

I wonder if the little man, and he is clearly, a tiny, pale, whiter than white, nerdy, lowlife little man......speaks to his fellow inmates the same way.  When the black, brown, and asian gang members who are jacked up on pumping iron, drugs, and gang turfwar see the little brat that killed 3 kids go by.....do they say, 'gee, there goes the tough guy!'   Or do they say, hey, there goes our entertainment for Saturday night.

So we have to take good care of him for the rest of his sorry life? Thats a sentence? Thats punishment? What a country

This is really strange is it not?  The quote "It may be hard for some to understand, but I love my brother and hope that whatever the sentencing in life takes him in the future, that he can touch others' lives in a positive way from the point of view that only he can give," she said.That is exactly what he will be doing in jail......Wow how did she know?

I hope the little tough guy enjoyed his 15 minutes in the courtroom cause he's just been rewarded a lifetime of being bubba's beotch!

He has issues.

And he gets 3 life sentences? What does a dirtbag have to do to get a death sentence in Ohio?

Where is all the gun owner rights crowd tonight?

This ''MAGGOT'' is in for a ''RUDE AWAKENING''!!!! He talked a lot of ''SMACK'' in the court room , but I'll bet you one thing, all the talking in the world, and in any language he chooses won't be good enough to keep ''BUBBA'' from ''GOING UP IN HIM''!!!! There just aint that much ''TALKING IN THE WORLD'', as he shall soon find out,''OUCH''!!!!As a law obiding citizen, and a gun owner, this punk makes me want to puke. Rest assured, in about one week, he will be in prison with a very sore #$%$ and swolen lips.

I hope the inmates kill him quick so we don't have to pay any more money to support him .. I would support cremation as well so we don't have to buy him a wood box.

Give this little punk to me...Death penalty..

Raised in a different environment this young man would have developed differently. It's sad it turned out the way it did, but at the end of the day, victims deserve justice.

To figure this little #$%$ is going to get free medical care, cable tv and legal advice for life is beyond my comprehension...unless he spends it in gen' pop' where it'l be ALOT shorter!

Murderers are just confused people.  He didn't know he was flashing the victim's parents, and it was just a finger spasm.  It wasn't writing on his shirt, it was just a coincidentally-shaped chest-rash showing through.  You folks are crazy...

"The hand that pulled the trigger that killed your sons now masturbates to the memory," - LOL, the mouth that said that is going to be wrapped around someone's "pipe" for the rest of his life.  I hope he's not even offered syrup or jelly to toss a salad.

I hope he gets fastracked to bubba.

Just 18, slim and pretty.  Oh is he in for a surprise.  The real killers there will make those 3 life sentences HELL for this sissy boy.

My words are simple. Most kids don't even deserve to go to public schools because they will become smutty rats just like their parents. I wish all of you could see how a student in Belgium or Finland behaves. Moderate, understanding and a STUDENT !As soon you get in jail you will be call mrs. T.J. Lane.

I am sure his parents and sister are proud of him and his antics in court.  Does anyone else notice that this kind of attention mongering it getting more and more prevalant?  Do you think it comes from all the media attention?  What does anyone want to bet that, after a few years in prison, he'll find God and want to atone for his actions?  And he'll be on Lockup scrounging for more attention..

Evil pure and simple...cant put a name to this like "mental illness" Demons come in many forms.

Last chance for him to be a smart#$%$.

Oh wonderful, now my hard earned paycheck (taxes) goes to feed this piece of human garbage.

I heard it costs more to execute him than to keep him in prison for life. We need to spend that extra money now.

Cops should have tasered him as soon as he opened his shirt. "I thought he was reaching for a weapon"...

Put a bullet in his head and be done with it! How much money will be wasted on this lunatic?

a case for abortion. the world will be better off without this nut.

He won't be smirking for long when he become someone's toyboy and as he grow older, and older as he quickly transform from a teenager to an senior citizen by the time he is 30 years old. The mom will get her wish. This punk's decline will be long and slow.Why can't they just kill it?

Defiant of authoirty is everywhere and even the illegals think they have more rights than us. Blame the idiot demon liberals for this mess.

What kind of DumbA&amp;&amp; judge lets him wear what he wants. Who runs the courtroom?

SEnd him to a muslum prison.

What a  waste of space...no one should ever have to die at the hands of a kid who's only goal in life is to make others miserable

17 years old at the time of the shooting?  I blame the parents, if there were any.

I fail to understand why these kids think this is cool and ok ?It has to start with the parents at some point .  I think prison for him is to easy because our prisons are to luxurious .

And they don't just take him out from the courtroom and shoot him --- why?Oh, it wouldn't be the politically correct thing to do :-)

wait til he get's in with the big boy's,he'll be whining skeered puzzy..lmao

He won't last long in prison.He won't last long in prison.

Just take his head off with a butter knife?? Eh

This smart mouth punk will not last long in prison. I give it 6 months and they will find him dead in his jail cell....

The U.S. needs a contract with China to house prisoners of this kind and it will obviously be cheaper.

He hasn't the vaguest clue as to what awaits... or who... pleasant dreams you worthless idiot...!

When he gets to the Big House, he'll put on his "oh" face, as his o-ring gets broken in by very large, hairy, frighening &amp; insatiable men.

Life without parole plus 37 additional years. Does that mean after he is dead they have to leave him in his cell for an extra 37 years?

a few months in prison...he might do himself in...if he is lucky....

If you approve of prison rape in this sort of case, by some "Bubba" named individual, then you are in fact, someone who can justify rape.

I'd like to see him very dead, but I think the life will be even better, and chances are, he will still be dead anyway after a few sex parties.I have no sympathy for him, but clearly he is sick in the head. We need to stop using prisons as mental wards

Too bad the victims families aren't allowed to dish out a little personal justice before junior goes off to the pokey...

One less "bad machine" among us...Bubba going to love your young white #$%$!

Bubba says.  "Do you want to be the Momma, or the Pappa?"  He says "I'll be the Poppa."Bubba says.  "Fine.  Get over here, and do what Momma tells you to do!"

He's pretty young to be in prison.  Sharing a cell with Bubba will introduce him to a 'lifestyle'  he probably won't  'appreciate'.

Second thoughts will be going through his head when he finds himself face down in a pillow while he's getting some good lovin' inside the prison. I bet he won't be so tough talking with the boys in the joint; he will be a meek little mouse.

Lets hope they put him in poulation.....

His family must be proud of him.

Put him with the general population.  He'll be dead by Friday.  Put him in solitary, he'll be dead by Saturday.

AdiosHis sister says she loves her brother.  Well Sadie.  Bubba will be loving him alot more than you for a long time.

This guy should have gotten the death penalty.

I'm willing to bet that "smirk" doesn't last very long.

A born looser !

I wonder what he's going to think about that T-Shirt when he's 68?...and still in prison ?

What possible motive could the kid have?  Nothing justifies his actions or attitude.  There's one way to make sure he doesn't get pleasure from the memory.

Put him in a cell with a large, muscular HOMOSEXUAL.

This headline is stupid.  It implies that because he was "defiant" he was sentenced to life (without parole) for shootings.  AP hard at work....................................again.

Wonder what kind of psychotropic meds this kid was taking before his spree!

Hope he feels all of bubba for life...I wonder if he'll have that smirk on his face when he's being raped and has all sorts of stuff shoved up his #$%$ nightly?  He's going to be the prison #$%$.

Once you get past the horror of what he did and how he continues to act, and while your heart breaks for the families of the victims, something is seriously wrong with this kid.

Hopefully he will run his head like that in prison and somebody will put him out of his misery and save the taxpayers loads of money...!

Dweebs like him can't exist in the general prison population. He'll be in protected custody for the rest of his life.

he will be somebodys wife in prison they like to get young ones like him some lifer will marry him

I hope every day of his life in prison is filled with pain and rape and beatings.That still would'nt be what he deserves but about the next best thing. I hve never seen a more inhuman person han this  little B@$T@RD!

Wow, what a complete and total a hole.  I live in Cleveland and have seen the coverage of this tragedy on the news for 13 months.  I can only hope he gets his in prison.  A killer shirt - I'm sure we're all really impressed.

They need to put this wise little AH in general pop. let them kill him slowly .

The more we popularizes such things, the more it will be seen as a heard statement from those frustrated angry kids, by other angry frustrated kids who feels no one listens to them. this is not good, this i think is in part why these sort of events are on the rise.As for this kid......................................

He is going to get bent over by a 350 pound fairy named Bubba and he's going to hate life I'm sure.Seventeen or not, he is a sub-human creep who should be executed. He is a danger as long as he lives. Nobody should mock the family of the innocent victims and breathe the same air they do. If he lives it is once again going to be all about the killer and the victims slip into oblivion.

I just wonder what makes a young person like him the way he is, doesn't make sense, but neither does what he did.  The outburst in court just shows what an insane animal he is.  Three life sentences, I hope no chance of parole either.

This obviously is NOT a Mental Health issue.The Answer is to take Sane People's Guns away, and let people like this run around Schools.Obama and his, Liberals and Socialists, are more out of touch that this Kid.

Sadly, I'm sure the lawyers that were "surprised" by his outburst are more than happy to use it for the appeal.

He is out of circulation.  Prison is a great place for him.  May he die there mercilessly.

And,  Ohio  gets to select  the President of the United  States?

He should have been taken outside...dropped to his knees and been given a bullet between the eyes.

Hey Killer, who's your daddy now?  Yawhaha ...

I hope he goes straight to Solitary Confinement for life,,nothing less,,,but some bleeding religious nut will keep him out of it, by saying its inhuman,,,,

Anal bleeding will take the smile off his face.The cops and bailiffs are their for your protection not the people in attendance, love to see you smirk then if they weren't.

As vicious as he already is, just imagine what he will be like after 10, 15, 20 years in prison.  The image of that is mind numbing.  And, I feel sorry for the prison guards who will constantly have to keep their eyes on every move he makes.

The only way to cure a rabid dog is a bullet in the brain.

Well at least the #$%$ is off the streets.But why must we room and board and exercise and entertain him for the rest of his life?Whis isen't killing three people worthy of execution?

Put him on a cell block with real criminals and see how long he lasts, he will be a beaten girlfriend by the weekend, enjoy your now grand canyon of an #$%$why was he allowed to wear that shirt in court/ His rights? Why are we so worried about his rights, killers should have ZERO rights they are not entitles to them and need to be snuffed out

Death penalty for him would have been better news.

He will never served out his sentence.  He's a dead man already but doesn't know it.  Pity.  Bubba will used him a while but he's a dead man.

Even in jail he is going to be a problem and a danger for inmates not as "bad" as he is.

That attitude will cause the system to throw the key far away. But that attitude will also have you swallowing your own teeth in prison. Good Riddance for Eternity, Smart Alleck Killer.

Too bad we can't watch this punk bleed to death after a gang rape in prison. To sit there and taunt the victims families after killing their children is disgusting. The good news is skinny little arrogant punks don't last long in prison...he is weak and a target for bullies.If I were the parent and got the smirk from this little punk, I know my attorney would be asking for a bail right now ... no way I would let this punk to kill my kid and laugh in my face ... what a piece of garbage.

Put this POS down like the dog that he is.

He would be in jail for life which would end the next day.

wonder how long that smirk is going to last in jail?

Do you know how stupid you are little boy? Your little fanny will get so stretched that the turds will fall from it. no grunting needed.

Pretty hard to argue against the death penalty in a case like this. What a jerk.

There's nothing "mental" about this kid, he's acting the way he is cause his parent/parents did not discipline him. It's not a "mental" issue or a "gun" issue, it's 100% about his parents not being parents.

Why wasn't he in orange jumpsuit and handcuffed in that court to begin with?

back in the day I was a "brig chaser" in the navy for a while:similar to a court bailif. escorted one really dumb sailor through his courts martial for violation of a direct order involving national security. He was all mouth during his trial,conviction,sentencing(40 years:no parole) and on the drive to the brig(Matine Corp 'red line"brig). When we got there the marines had him strip his tunic and plant his nose on a list of rules posted on the wall to be memorized before he could move(or the beatings would begin). Then he started to cry like a baby:reality finally set in.

How can a young man who suffers from hallucinations, psychosis and fantasies be tried as an adult? He should be in a mental institution. How would no one have been aware of his mental problems or sought to get help for him before this happened? He should have had a decent life, but now it is all thrown away due to his mental illness. And for some reason there seems to be more and more sick teenagers committing these types of crimes nowadays. Why is this happening? It is a tragedy for everyone.What a man you are, killing a bunch of unarmed kids.  Let's wee how well that play in Big Boy prison for the rest of your worthless life.  I'm willing to be you'll be somebody b!tCh within a week.

Hey dude, tell you how you like being on the bottom in your new three life sentences.

Time. The best punishment for the lost and ignorant.

Gun laws will not stop determined killers, particularly if they are sociopaths like this kid. Perhaps a speedy trial, sentencing, and execution is the best solution. Taxpayers should not be burdened with his care and feeding.

I guess he showed us, huh? lol, but seriously he needs to be kept from public forever.

If ever there were an argument in favor of the death penalty, this is it.  He should have been surgically removed from all society.  That is not said out of anger or a call for revenge.  It is just what should be done.

I bet he's not mentally competent for thebucking he's about to receive.

Lane's new t-shirt is going to read B@#%H !

How can someone so young  be  filled with so much hate?

Stupid Punk, I hope you enjoy being someones b!tc h in jail.This is a sad example where an individual who committed a crime feels that what he did he is not at all sorry for. To have killed anyone you forfeit your own life. In this case his age should not have been taken into account. He should be executed. A life for a life.

Rest assured MANY other lifers are going to find him awfully cute.

Typical white family member's statement to the press regarding their convicted killers: "It may be hard for some to understand, but I love my brother and hope that whatever the sentencing in life takes him in the future, that he can touch others' lives in a positive way from the point of view that only he can give,"Typical black family members statement to the press regarding their convicted killers:  "NOT MY BABY!!!  HE WAS AN INNOCENT ANGEL WHO IS A VICTIM OF A RACIST JURY AND A RACIST JUDGE!!!"

All those nice libs already in prison are drooling at the prospect of twenty to forty years of using his soft behind. LMAO, I wish they'd make a reality show tracking these smart guys as they adjust to life with other libs.

the war on drugs is really going well....for the drugers.

The funny thing is, he thinks he is some kind of bad a(s)s.  He shot unsuspecting children in a school.  Inmates have kids they can't protect, and they don't take kindly to those who prey on them.  He's about to find out what a bad a(s)s truly is!  I hope they put him in a super-max, and one of his fellow inmates takes that hand that pulled the trigger and literally shoves it up his a(s)s, with no lube!

I bet he is begging for Mercy when Bubba tears that rump up!!!!

Like someone said."He must have a homosexual disorder. He will turn gay for sure.

That boy will be a walking talking sex toy in prison

Our public schools have idiots like this in the thousands.The only thing that's going to get killed now is his rectum.

He is very evil.  i wonder if he'll try to kill himself.   life is out of control .

He'll get in prison and hook up with some Aryan Nation clan thinking they save his #$%$, but he'll become so worn out that he'll hang himself later.  Really why waste taxpayers money letting him rot in a cell when lethal injection is SO much cheaper!

Sure, it's all fun and games in court. Wait till he sees prison justice.

Good news is this little creep will never get out.

Looks like its the banana in the tailpipe for him !

I've read interviews by max security inmates that the 1st nite for new arrivals is usually spent crying in their cell...when the levity of their situation finally hits.

oh he thinks he's bad till prison.  Bstrds like this are getting ou 2nd amendment stolen from us

We'll see how tough he is when he becomes the most popular date in prison.

Again a child that projected a serious problem and no one did anything untill people were killed.  That being said he is now rape bait and will soon have lots of friend in prison where he will no longer smile ever,This type of animal confirms why we need to keep and use the death penalty. This #$%$ need to either die or be in solitary confinement for the rest of his unnatural life. I feel sorry for his family.

He is possessed, look at his eyes

In any other counrty like Iran for example, the bast@rd would be publicly hanged. Other countries have the right idea after a death sentence is handed down.  I know the liberals will argue that his life sentences was fair, but was it fair to his victims?

I wonder how defiant he's going to be when he meets some 'real' killers in his cell. He's going to end up somebodies  personal play toy until he is no longer desirable.

I would be interested in what medications he was on.  this is not normal behavior, even for a delinquent.

The parents of the slain should be the ones who decide weather he get's life or death.

Better stop at CVS pharmacy on the way to the Big House, he'll need some butt balm.

If......(BIG IF) he lasts long enough in prison to feel the full effects of what he did..........that smirk will go away and be replaced by utter FEAR! He will not be left alone in prison.............they will make hamburger of him. Even if he is put into isolation, eventually someone will get to him. I do not expect him to live long in prison. he may very well even take his own life after they (prisoners) get done with him. A death sentence would be too kind to him as he tries to come off as a bad guy.............when he's alone all by himself, I suspect he's nothing but a scared young man. His outburst of total and complete disgust towards the victims families is repulsive and for that alone he should be put away and the key thrown into the toilet. He IS toast.

He's rough and tough when he's pointing a gun at an unarmed teenager. His next 60 years will be spent with men who don't need a gun to be dangerous.

"The way the text message was phrased to his sister, I'm not sure she would have taken it as anything. I think only when you look at it in retrospect does it really have the impact that it does now," Flaiz said.Well than how about teaching kids when someone speaks about suicide or shootings. It needs to be taken care of in a serious matter. It is not something to joke about. School should be teaching this if the parents do not. I don't understand.This young man really has no idea what is in store for him.

He can point a gun and shoot unarmed teenagers. That won't impress a con that has killed people with his bare hands. Prison will be a learning experience for him. A loooonnngg experience.

OH, well the only thing that #$%$ me OFF is he gets free medical WE pay for....and I don't have. Let's get a few bucks together and send him some KY jelly....bet he won't have that smirk on his face when he gets passed around, they are going to think "OH so young and sweet".

These are the type of people who deserves a torturous death. Seriously, amputate each of his limbs, but give him enough medication to prevent him from bleeding to death. After the wound close up, cut off his tongue, gouge out his eyes, cut off his ears, and burn the inners of his nose. Give him enough medication to survive, and feed him through a tube. He will no longer feel anything, only horror. He deserves this.

The cop looks like it is taking every effort not to slap the #$%$ out of him!

For you who may have read my comment yesterday regarding the decrepncies in pinishment and thumbed me down here is a case:If this mass murderer is some day let out he will no longer have to wear the scarlet ribbon of having his face plastered on the computer and register every month all his life such as a guy 25 who had consentual sex with a girl 16. Which crime is worse?

Let the rapings begin! Good riddance jackazzzz

Lethal injection...not for retribution but for public safety

he should have received death by long punishment

He's gonna get a good old fashioned beat down in his new house.  I wonder if he'll smirk when he takes one up his asz?take this p.o.s. out to a field and hang him!

Lulz, this boy's gonna need a permanent colostomy bag by the time them the entire inmate population in prison gets done with him!!!

they gonna have soooooooooooo much fun with him in prison.

dont put him in jail execute him now and be done with it

He might as well buy himself some pretty lingerie. He's going to be the wife of cell block 6

They should visit him in 5 years after he's been "tenderized" by life in a maximum security prison.  Then is 10 years.   Then in 20 years.  Life isn't going to be good for this kid.

That no good mother f@#ker will rot in Hell.

This sociopath will soon learn the meaning of fear when the boys in the Big House get ahold of him.

Man that's a tough judge. A life sentence...........then 2 more after he's dead + 37 more years. Why don't they just take care of the whole thing right now..........with an industrial accident in the tree trimming  and shredder maint. area.....

How could this kid not be mental.