well i guess this is what you get for $2 trillion.

The U.S. troops pulled out over a year ago, so the stuff about all the violence being because of the infidel invasion was just lies?

Looks as if we have given Al Qaeda a new base of operations and home in Iraq. Saddam out, Al Qaeda in! Our government leaders do not have what it takes to bring down an organization like that, obviously, as they are using our military in a political manor, as a police force. Instead they should be sending a bunch of blood thirsty, do what it takes, killers. All of you Iraqi vets did a wonderful job and you have my respect , admiration and thanks. But for the (one) Army guy who called me a looser for Vietnam; how does it feel now, looser? Not quite so simple and easy, is it?

am i wrong or did someone once say Al Qaeda was on the run.

"No problem....al Qaeda has been decimated"....Barack Hussein Obama.

I never understood WHY we invaded Iraq.Bad as Saadam was he scared the hell out of Iran and never would have allowed Al Qaeda  or similar groups anywhere near his turf. He would wipe out a whole town just to kill one or two suspects.Defeating the government and military in Iraq gave a huge boost to Iran Al Qaeda and Hezbollah and moved their enemies (Us) closer to them;where they would be easy to harrass and kill cheaply(hey,their back yard,not ours).That was Bush and the Republicans fault. The "Arab Spring" movement that has so far put the Muslim Brotherhood front and center in at least three more countries is Obama and the Democrats fault!

This story can not be true. Obama said al Qaeda was on the run, defeated,history. Remember "Mission Accomplished"

Democracy still messy in Iraq.

Al Qaeda is on the run.  Obama said so.  That was before they leveled our Consulate in Benghazi and killed our Ambassador and three other employees.

jus' another day in the liberated Iraq!!Al Qaeda is a bunch of stupid people. Just what did this killing accomplish except obtaining hate for this deed. Go back into your holes with your goats and pigs. No come out of your hidey holes and get droned.

My theological studies have left me with a question.  When a Muslim dies while killing other Muslims, who gets the virgins?  There is obviously an answer in their minds, but I really don't see it.  When a Muslim woman dies in a similar fashion, what does she get?  This leaves too much room for speculation.  Does the Koran spell that out clearly?  Hmmm.

Sure funny that didn't make the news until a week after it happened.  Just sayin'...

Just what does suicide bomber tell you?

Oh Look!  Obama's new best buds are tearing up the place.  How much you wanna bet We will be supplying Arms to Al Quada "freedom Fighters" against an evil Iraq regime in about a year or so, Just like in Syria, now.

Where is the press on this. Remember "Mission Accomplished" Obama said Al Qaeda was on the run, history, done. Bush caught holy he!! over his remarks,(and banner) but not a word about oby's remarks.

Remember, Iraq was not a haven for Al Qaeda until after the disastrous war in Iraq. Also, this story's last paragraph confirms that AQ is fighting with the Syrian rebels. Our government is also making foolish decisions in Syria.

There will be more and many more to come from them. Al Qaeda is an ideal movement that you cannot defeat unless you kill millions. Al Qaeda is a Religious movement of Sunni orgin and not a terrorist group as washington has said it is.

I suggest to please al-Qaida, to let them assault a pig stag surrounded by high fence in the middle of the State of Kansas.  They can have fun shooting everywhere, and they can eat the pigs (?) afterwards....

Can't be true.  Al Qaeda is "decimated".Yes they did, and everyone of the Al Qaeda was killed, they forgot to mention that.

Such a peaceful religion Obama will stand behind. A new rope would be to good.

So what exactly is al qaeda fighting for? They are called revolutionary fighters now. What have they changed? They are making things worse for the region if anything.

The sorry sack in the White House will be advised,  will roll over, go to sleep wake up, and go golfing....just like the Benghazi...incident.  No leadership, no Expericence, no Character...that's hussein, the Chicago thug obama....WORST PRESIDENT IN U.S HISTORY.

Folks need to understand that Al Qaeda is a separate extremist entity whose goal is to destroy and disrupt and should not to be considered as a segment of the Iraqi population or the population of Afghanistan. I also feel certain that Al Qaeda factions are being established in the U.S. and I have no idea why or what they have in mind.

Does Al Qaeda ever do anything nice like help old ladies cross the street or rescue kittens stuck in trees?

As I said before..........We should start bombing all known and suspected terrorist organizations immediately and assassinate all cleric's that peach death until all of the Arab world cries out for peace from there Mosques and towers.  They just don't have the motivation to make the leap to peace.

al qaeda are people who want to enslave others.  These fanatic terrorists are called "revolutionary fighters" by America schools now.  Obama is a sick puppy and so are these people.

But Sean Penn said Al Qaeda was not in Iraq...... Must be Bush's fault.

Empty-deade drunken sailor Emperor Barack is probably reaping his reward for failing to secure Iraq and would probably see also a repeat of Vietnam hasty evacuation in Afghanistan. These 2 events will then serve as the 2 pillars of a leaderhip by WORDs only ! We have already wasted 4 years of his economic policy and even gave up technilogical edge in Solar and Battery manufacturing as disastrous Solyndra and ABC123 got sold in bankruptcy to Chinese companies with Tax subsidy. Then he expanded his entitlement program with Free Cell phones to the cost of $2 Billion a year when we are even curtailing WH tour service allegedly on Secret Service Sequester initiative of trying to save ! That only shows how Emperor Barack have no common sense of prioritizing needs and just let his stupid underlings to go on rampage of stupid ideas like how he regurgitated the Shovel-ready projects that are not really shovel-ready ! I hope our Constitution have added Stupidity as a base for Impeachment ! Unfortunately, never have we anticipated that we could elect someone who is a lying Fake smart #$%$ ! When a country is led by someone who is perceived to be a strong leader (by biased media) and in total conrol of the government facilities and complemented with scrambling opposition, Demagogues from al over could find themselves rise up suddenly to replace the Emperor wannabe ! Such is the fate of nations as we reviewed world history.  Emperor Barack may find himself as a worthless Liar who can be easily discarded even as he tries to rally his Support Groups. Unfortunately for him, Detroit is a Good example of what will probably become of the country if Opposition to his rule was smashed by him ! We have already seen examples of Gestapo like tactics to carry on his agenda as he tried to instill fear and chaos with the Sequester debacle that originated from him ! Fortunately for the country, we did not cower from his fear-mongering and forced him to admit that there is NO Apocalypse ! Why is his Biased Media cheering squad not denounced him for fear mongering when that was what he have done and hold his feet on FIRE ? If and when Detroit sink into chaos, what's next ? Unfortunately for the country, Emperor Barack have no sense of how to govern when confronted with multiple problems and don't know how to prioritize as he rejected offer from GOPs to have free hand on priorotizing the Sequester cuts ? Why is he rejecting the offer ? Since I'm no Superman who can read his mind, I can only surmised that his BIG Ego won't allow him to take pittance to his governing style ! We just have a new Pope who could have been his model for humility, Frugality and no Pretense towards the Poor ! In contrast, Emperor Barack wants to give Free Cell phone that I rejected ! Perhaps he could upgrade his offer to Free iPhone and that may attract more applicants, but not me because I could afford one and against my frugality ! IMPEACH Emperor Barack who wants the country to fall into his yoke of Tyranny as he hooked people into his Dependency like HOPium addicts !I am mostly a conservative but what we did in Iraq is the worst thing this country has done since slavery. After untold thousands of lives and trillions of dollars all we have is a bad guy gone and the real bad guys moving in.

Can you just imagine the wonderful paradise that a country run by Al Qaeda would build? Imagine the freedom to do as you are told! The religious and spiritual exploration and enlightenment that comes with theocratic autocracy...the liberty women will enjoy when completely covered and escorted by male relatives to prevent rape.You would finally enjoy the freedom to openly talk about killing Jews and infidels...and Shiites and homosexuals and wayward daughters and blasphemers and so many others who richly deserve it.  I can see why so many in the Middle East give their lives in suicide bombings to establish such a paradise. It'll be just like the good old days in the eigth century.

how much of the ordinance that the  Iraq's al Qaeda  is using against us in Iraq was given to them in  Syria by the United States? then our government can not understand why Americans distrust this government that sends soldiers to fight these wars of theirs.

Before George W. Bush's War in Iraq there were no Al Qaeda terrorist in Iraq, scores of American men and women lost their precious life's fighting for George's LIES! and just to think that some of you folks out there still haven't learned your lesson and keep voting republican.

Read all the top stories.  They did another sucide attack in Russia.  They kept doing that unil the Russians started bombing them back.  Then everyone was "Oh, the poor muslims"Now they divided a once great country.  Iraq was supose to be secured and cost Americans trillions of dollars and they are still doing sucide attacks.  Nothing will secure a muslim country.Remove the religion then you may have a chance.

Was this Iraq war really worthwhile for anybody ?

Now that Americans have pretty much left Iraq, why Alqaeda is killing their own people. What will they answer to their God when they will be questioned about this...

I'm glad Obama's foreign policies are working so well,.....aren't you?,.....and yes, I'm being sarcastic.

radical muslim terrorists are everywhere throughout iraq, and will always have theirconstant presence felt, and have to be dealt with one way or the other. they willbe a constant threat to the stability of iraq, and always waiting to see their chanceto take over the country and obama said that they were essentially on the run andgreatly reduced. they are on the run alright, running to run each and every countrywhere they have a presence........

"Security experts say al Qaeda-linked militants have been regrouping in the western province of Anbar and crossing into Syria to fight alongside mainly Sunni rebels battling forces loyal to Syria's President Bashar al-Assad, who belongs to an offshoot of Shi-ite Islam."I'm sure they're are a few Iraqis with relatives in Syria fighting for Syria, but the West is hiring and arming the "terrorist" Al-Queda mercenaries tht are murdering the women and children of Syria.  Reuters should be removed from the American press.  Any wonder why the DoW Jones Industrial average is at record highs when the US is bankrupt?  Because of companies like Reuters completely lying, that's why.  I wouldn't believe a word out of Reuters about anything, especially financial.There will  be worse more if you keep sleeping with the devil.

Al Qaeda is a cancer for Muslims. All they seem to do mostly is kill other Muslims. Which is fine by me as long as they stick to their own kind.

Why does John Kerry want to give Al-Qaeda-Syrian rebels $60 million dollars?I just don't get the Obama administrations thinking.  do they even think....at all?

Obama says Itan is one year away from having a nuke. This guy lies so much can you believe him?

I am sure glad 0bama has AlQaida on the run.

One would say that we funded this recent string of attacks...considering we paid of the Syrian rebels who we all know are terrorists with Al Qaeda ties..

This can't be ... Hillary and Obama fixed this

There was no Al Qaeda,in Iraq, before we got there

Americans are looking back at the 'cost' of the Iraqi war. But the 'costs' might not be all paid for IF/When America has to go BACK IN and save the Puppet Government America installed.

The problem with the usA is that they did not have an exit plan when the russians left afghanistan. they just left her alone on their devices.We may have left but they didn't.  This will never be over until the last suicide bomber blows himself and those around him up and nobody is left.  Thanks W.

Al Qaeda is like our government. They bring destruction to civilians for the sake of greed, power, and self interest. You won't see any Al Qaeda leaders blowing themselves up anymore than you'll see Senator's sons fighting over there. I'll bet if it was required to enlist your kid or blow yourself up, you'd get to that negotiating table, real fast. Stop feeding the beasts.

I think it is best for the sunnies to pack their bags, because it is pay back time there, after decades of brutal oppression by sadam, everyone who lost someone is going to a shot a sunni day event,  the fraudmeister nomama is funding the actual uprising in these countries by giving out our foreign aid to our haters like egypt.  there are evil people in both places, may be it is about this to repeat the french revolution,

Send Billy boy-Clinton to the Mid East. He get the Jihadist midset changed from suicide murders to skirt (birka) chasing.

Oboma's foriegn policy in the mid east is a failure.  The IMB with terriorist arm Hamas is now trying to lead Egypt.  The Islamic Jihadists are attempting to takeover Syria.  The Islamic Jihadists killed four americans in Lybia.  Why is Oboma supporting the Islamists?

Is Oboma ignorant on Islamic escatology in Iran?

Just a bump in the road.  The body count determines the magnitude and slipperyness of the situation.

Was the bomber all right?

And yet muslims hide them and protect them. Islam. What a wonderful religion.

And the beat goes on, these people have been killing each other for thousands of years. Let them have at it.Good to see more dead Muslims !  Open your eyes people Obama, and Hillery have us in bed with Al-Qaida thanks to those Wahhabi Terrorist in Saudi Arabia.  Al-Qaida along with Bosnian Muslim Mercenaries make up the Saudi Foreign Legion, these are the same animals who hijack 4 fully loaded American airliners and flew them into the World Trade Center and Pentagon.  They took out Libya, destabilized North Africa and are now invading Syria.  Wake UP !

This Al Qaeda kills innocent people, stones woman to death, chop heads off etc. all in the name of Allah. Sounds like this Allah dude is a murdering fool.

A recent independent organization followed the money trail. Did you know that about 32% of our foreign aid lands in the hands of the Taliban and Al Qaeda? For as long as our military are used as the protectors of big oil, embezzling schemes like foreign aid, and companies like Halliburton and Exxon rule our country, this will never cease.

You cant fix stupid . Those people are not evolved enough to know right from wrong , They know what a wheel is but don't know how it works ,

The real story:  Al Qaueda attacks pre-school and kills all girl students.

First, for those that blame Bush, remember he had to have approval from the Democratic leaders before he could start the war. It was both the parties fault for the whole mess. Anyway both Bush and Obama have proclaimed victory in the "War On Terror" and both were wrong.

way 2 go bush and u wonder why the UN wants the records from his termabout the war in iraq?

And we know thee are supporting them in Syria

i am in agreement with several others posting that groups of this kind are in the us. what is different about the us is our armed nation. they aren't used to people that will fight back. martin said He didn't  understand what they were waiting for. my guess would be they are waiting On an all out assault in the us. they are basically opportunistic. i will say it again. you do Not disarm a country with a world in conflict. Obama realised finally the advice from the generals was correct . im sure it stuck in Obama throat to increase missile defense especially after making a deal with russia to stand down.

Barack was ANGRY at George BushHow could he invade Iraq, Al Qaeda was in AfghanistanWell now Barack's in Afghanistan and Al Qaeda is in IraqLOLI'm sure glad that we borrowed all that money from the Chinese to drive terrorism out of Iraq. 6 trillion in borrowed dollars, 4,487 US Soldiers Killed, 32,223 wounded.  Really did the job.

It's a favorite pastime for the people over in Iraq. It's like watching football. Instead they watch people get blown up. What's really nice about their sport is it's free. Unlike football where we have to pay $ 200.00 just to go to the game. These people are very fortunate that they get to watch mass murders in the comfort of their own neighborhood without spending a dime for this entertainment.

"The Islamic State of Iraq"...hunt them down relentlessly and liquidate them now and in the future!

The financial and none financial supports are pouring for Al Qaeda through our tax money, Europe channeled through Syria “Rebels (!!!),” Libya partners, their Home Land (Saudi Arabia)/Qatar/Sheikhs; plus Weakening Their Archenemies by sanctions and threat of attack.

Al Qaeda, you say?! Yeah, uh huh. Here's my tax money. Go and fund the other terrorists; it's not like they want us dead just as bad. This is propaganda to get the USA into supporting a war that has NOTHING to do with our National Security. Are people tired of this game yet, or does the Govt. still have a couple more phony WMD, tax payer gouge-fest wars to wage, in order to satisfy defense contractors? This article answers that question.Freedumb Fries, dar! Will we fall for it again? Of course.

OH YEAH !!! We destroyed Al Queda alright...I WANT A REFUND.

Let's think about this one okay. If a sickoo is willing to kill himself, how in the world are you going to defend against a sickoo like that now way in the world. Let it go, we are that race so why get in this kind of war.

How much did we spend and how many US troops died bring "peace" to Iraq?

Iraq, the country that Obama gave to Al Qaeda!  How awful, if we had stayed to win we might not have another complete country to fight Islam/muslim terrorists!~

How fortunate for ObamaHe gets to deal with a Democracy in IraqVersus a million man WMD murdering dictatorAre these the same weapons the US is supplying them in Syria? The US government is becoming a sponsor of terrorism around the world. The media try’s to tell us that because we are a free country they dislike us. Unfortunately this is far from the truth. How many of you have watched Red Dawn 1 or 2? Don’t you think the same principle applies to them as it did to us in the move? We are an invading army the people do not won’t on their land, and are fighting back the same as the characters in the move did.

Hmmmm!  Wonder if Obama will go to his motherland, or send Biden to Baghdad to hash out a peace accordance.....and yes, I'm being sarcastic, too.

You can bet the leaders will not be a sucide bomber. We must defeat all terrorists, they would like nothing better than to attack us in America.

Ol Bush is still looking for the WMD up his patootie after wiping off the yellowcake.

This is one of those times when we need to drop 5 tons of burning korans from a C-130 over bagdad and then an hour later drop 100,000 gallons of pigs blood to put out the fire.

Al Qaeda doesn't want Iraq to affiliate with any infidels .

Greedy Zionist America has foolishly opened the Pandora's box, now both the puppet and the puppet master pay for it. Don't eve mess with Islam.

Security experts say al Qaeda-linked militants have been regrouping in the western province of Anbar and crossing into Syria to fight alongside mainly Sunni rebels battling forces loyal to Syria's President Bashar al-Assad, who belongs to an offshoot of Shi-ite Islam, well isn't that nice, trillion dollars spent in Iraq,thousand of American lives taken,hundreds of thousand soliders injured,or mental fatigue,and post war illnesses,and by supporting Saudis against assad  ,these fighter will get better and have more weapons and expertize to destroy Iraq as well.this will spread, nice job obama

More wonders of US invasion / occupation, and al Qaeda was not in Iraq until the US invaded, and Saddam was enemies with them.

All the videos of rebels in syria show 10 inches full face bearded men shouting Allah blah blah... Are you telling US these ppl are fighting for democracy? Shame on whoever is assisting these #$%$ to take power.Does al Qaeda know that GM is alive? Or America has a war on women we are fighting?

What kind of country is America where traitors can murder 3,000 people in broad daylight and over a decade later, the public has still not taken to streets to demand justice? The film “Explosive Evidence – Experts Speak Out” by Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth, contains statements from dozens of highly-qualified and very rational experts including structural engineers, physicists, chemists, demolition experts (military and civilian) and others, who explain why the official explanations for the destruction of WTC 1, 2 and 7 are scientifically impossible. On top of this, other expert groups such as Pilots for 9/11 Truth explain the numerous anomalies with the official fairytale from the standpoint of their respective fields. Taped testimonies exist of dozens of witnesses to the presence of molten iron or steel in abundance in the both the twin towers and Building 7, which cannot possibly be created by ordinary fires including those from jet fuel. There are dozens of testimonies to massive explosions such as in the lobbies and basements of the twins which could not possibly have been caused by plane impacts or jet fuel. Barry Jennings gave recorded testimony about massive explosions in Building 7 PRIOR TO the destruction of either of the twins. William Rodriquez and others were witnesses to a massive explosion in the sub-basement of the north tower BEFORE THE FIRST PLANE HIT. Wake up, America. Will you let this crime and all of the illegal wars go unpunished?

Barry Obozo Oct 2012 ""And today, Al Qaeda is on the run"

The civil wars in Iraq and in Afghanistan seems like would go right back back where they were before.

I love how the higher ups in Al-Qaeda praise the ones they send to blow themselves up.

Ovomit, meanwhile, has done nothing - while still maintaining war level military costs.

Is anybody keeping count? Who's winning?

Funny, There was no al quuada in Iraq on Saadams watch,

Hey folks, we are currently arming their buddies across the border in Syria.  Hello, wake up folks before our country is not only bankrupt, but a smoldering ruin, for what, to make Bebe's banking buddies rich and happy????

This will continue until the common man realizes that Al Qaeda = CIA. There MUST be unrest in Iraq or the DoD will lose their billion $$ annual contracts to quell disturbances. Sad, but true. when has war ever been about anything OTHER than money (yes, especially WW2)the Bible said this would happen ,, at the end of the age , we are seeing the prophecies of the Bible unfold right before us..

gee, and what purpose for killin people. What victory they claimed about. If they sent a letter to their target about next week you will be attacked and they attack the target who already prepared on that schedule time. Then they killin the target, probably i know they said they are winer, but killin unprepared target is coward action, such Patty Garret who shoot from behind not shootng in the front

Shame President Bush allowed Al Qaeda into Iraq. Saddam Hussein never did, but then he also never did half what he was accused of to the degree the twisted stories came out either.Aq heck, he had a modern country with a solid infrastructure, education and womans rights.Guess we fixed that well enough.

Bill Clinton in 1998 defined the Iraq mission.Get rid of Saddam, ensure no WMDs, democracy.  The Iraq Freedom Act.Bush followed it to the letter, but the foreign inspired Al Qaeda insurgency no one predicted.

Barack was SO angry Bush didn't chase Al Qaeda in AfghanistanWell Barack, maybe they weren't thereWhen do you chase Al Qaeda in Iraq?

AL-QAEDA IS SAUDI ARABIA...

Hey Odumba, Joey Biden and Hillary, tell us again how Al Queda is on the run, one foot in the grave, one drone strike away for annihilation and no longer capable of carrying out terrorist attacks?

This can't be true, Obama has told us that Al Qaeda is on the run and all but gone and he killed Bin Laden. Oh wait, he also said he would cut the debt in half and keep unemployment under 7% for a trillion dollars.

All American troops out of ME. The Muslims are capable of annihilating themselves.

Al Qaeda in Iraq = BAD, Al Qaeda in Syria = GOOD!Invisible Al Qaeda in our underpants at airports = REALLY GOOD!!!I'm being sarcastic BTW..How can that be?  Our president said they were on the run.  Our then secretary of state said what does it matter now.

Never hear of Al Qaeda or Taliban doing any good for the Muslim population.  Is this really a religious organization or a crime syndicate using religion as a basis for support of the population?  Just laugh when they say, "Allah wills it".

Why can't these people just smoke some of that good hashish they make over there and just chill TF out !

Muslims again?

When will the u.s. Learn protracted war with insurgants doesnt come out well.if your not ready to destroy the entire society ww2 style ,dont bother.

Billions dollars spent, thousands of our military and civilians killed, the country destroyed and the terrorists at large.  This is got to be our worst mistake and failure, going after the WMD.

One would think that eventually the people recruited to be suicide bombers would start to question the people who are ordering the bombers.  Maybe think why they arent putting in any risk on their part. First rule as a leader is never ask a subordinate to do something that you wouldnt be willing to do yourself. But I guess I have to remember who we are talking about.

middle east is ravaged... US did not help either.

again&gt;&gt;&gt; Vegas should post an over/under as to how many of 1 tribe kills of the other

Allah Akbar! Keep up the good work!This can't be right.....I thought President Obama Bin Lyin and Crazy Joe Biden said Al Caeda was done?   There wouldn't lie to the American people....would they?

Is anyone surprised that Al Qaeda is taking control of Iraq?? Wasn't that predicted by many before we pulled out? Watch what happens to Afghanistan and Pakistan when we leave.

Only those lunatics would be proud of that!

Thank you Edgar Bergen Cheney and Charlie McCarthy Bush for thatmagnificent job in Iraq.

The terrorists would like to thank Obama for his help in handing over half of Iraq to the many terrorist networks that swooped in right after Obama pulled all of the Americans out. Now all those men died for nothing and there are now terrorist training camps opening back up all over western Iraq. What would the terrorists do without you Obama? You have given them Mali, Libya, all of the rebel held areas of Syria, huge parts of Yemen, new sectors in Algeria, and on and on and on. They have been able to completely recover from 8 years of Bush bashing in the 4 short years you have been in office. Not only recovered, but thanks to your billions that have been given to the Muslim Brotherhood who are running Egypt and funneling that money to terrorist cells all over the world, they have actually grown more powerful. It’s why the terrorists begged the Muslims in America to help re-elect you. You have done more for them than anyone else in their entire history.

Al Qaeda in Iraq?Obama said they were in AfghanistanHe was gonna go get them there

There is no sense in senselessness.

Islamic terrorists are trying too hard to convince everyone that Islam is a tolerant religion…

Arabs killing Arabs,  I'm OK with that.

Len, me do believes that our God king oblamers said that hes had singles handed crushed al qaeda when hes pesonally killed bin laden. Murder by suicide bomber or by drone, at least they didn't kill American's like the great barracky huesiny bin ladeny.wth is this story talking about.  obama single handedly dismantled al qaeda months ago.

Limited war is a oxymoron.its either a war or not....

take out all muslems,then Obama won't have any backers left in the middle east

What fools to go in there waste lives and treasure for nothing.nation building?what dummies.

Don't worry folks....the H N I C has everything under control! These Allaholes are on the run according to him.

They are getting a little more adventuros these days.Must have run out of hospitals, schools and churches to bomb!Bunch of cowards!!

They didn't have Al Quede under Sadam Hussein.  He wasn't a nice guy but maybe  they have something just as bad now.

The Sons of the British have stupidly and foolishly been brought out into the open to be killied.

Hmmm......I thought Hussein Obama got rid of Al Qaida!

"We will, in fact, be greeted as liberators" #$%$ CheneyI thought Obama said AlQaeda was pretty welll finished.

kill all liberals

Well Barack, if you're going to get Al Qaeda looks like you'll have to invqade IraqYou know, the place you just retreated from and gave back after our troops won a hard fought campaign?

Barack Obama - we are going to leave Iraq and get Al Qaeda in AfghanistanAl Qaeda - everybody leave Afghanistan and go to IraqCommunity organizers in charge of war

i blame obuma

Wow this religon of Islam has got to be the most violent religon in history! And the best part is they love to KILL other MUSLIMS! Great job Mohammed! Teach your people to eliminate each other....

mission accomplished --year the mission of destroying our country--Bush Wacked . Moron chickenhawk

Hussein was replaced by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki.  There is no difference. Nur al-Maliki is another pompous criminal.  I wish every American out of Iraq and let them kill each other.

Send out a small team, NOT SEALS, world wide search for Al Quida one at a time and kill them leaving a message. It will get harder because they will all go into hiding but continue until the name Al Quida ceases to exist. Don't say we don't have the tecknology because that's bunk and don't say we don't have the personnel to do it because that's bunk too. When you go after a mole you have to act and think like it.

I hope that all these suicieds bomers doesn't give OBAMA any more unrealistic ideas that he can use against US citizens. ROFLMAO.... Drone to the headI do not see a problem . This is what the people of irqa  are willing to put up with. Let them have it .Stay out of this one and let them deal with there own .

Kill someones wife,kid or other family member and call them colaterial damage and you have made a extremist for live.

Some animals need a tyrant to keep them in line.

I understand that Al Qaeda probably has an unlimited amount of bombs but wouldn't ya think by now they would have run out of cars?

Thanks George. This was a war worth fighting. Oh, next time put an American flag over the capital of Iraq.

Islamic State of Iraq accuses Iraq's Shi'ite Muslim-led government of oppressing Sunnis.Oppression must be fought even if it is against the non-Muslims.

Wherever there are mobs or multitides of muslims, there will be mostly messy murders, madness, and mayhem. It is the muslim mantra, method, modus-operandi, and modality. More muslims?

Al-Qaida is a term the U.S. military concocted back in the 80s. There is no Al-Qaida.

How comes that after years of American military presence (other word for occupation) in Iraq an hundreds of billions spent on this, after years of "War on Terror" and hundreds of billions spent on this, and after years of supporting "friendly" countries to help US eradicate terrorism, and hundreds of billions spent on this, Al Qaida and international terrorism seem to be stronger than ever?! Maybe I am missing something but it seems to me that all US actions have exactly the opposit effects than the declared ones! Supporting Al Qaida and other fanatic Islamic fractions now in Syria, doesn't seem to be any problem for US.

George W. Bush on your  this years tax bill you will see a 6 Trillion charge for starting 2 wars, please pay it with 30 days. Thank You.What a Bull shte term Iraqi Justice Ministry.  #$%$ all of those boy raper and goat and camel bangers to death.  nuke the #$%$ hole and kill them and the AQ #$%$ while you have some of them there.  Who cares if they all die a million times, keep bombing until nothing is left but new crystaled sand.  #$%$ Iraq every second of everyday forever until it is gone.

They missed and got the wrong people. Must not have been that coordinated! Thats ok. A dead Mussie is a dead Mussie.

They won't win.  Likely they'll kill a lot more people over many years but they'll never have control of the government.  They're just murderers without a plan and people there see them as that.  Don't know if I can say the same for Afghanistan, though,

another words, muslim tradition and arab culture is doing fine and business is good

Most people are simply trying to survive and provide for their family. Only  the rich can afford to   lounge around all day making profit on the peasants and play mind games with their counter-parts..Tell me how it got this way? Did we see this comming? What is next? How canso many be controlled by so few? Why is it, the voice of the people not heard?

For every cause /reason  for conflict there comes with it the solution. With out high ego, pride and a sense of selfishness, any situation can be worked out. Face it,  we must find a way to exist, or we will all perish at our own hands!  Know your enemy, He is us!

Notice in video how everybody looks..... but no sorrow-

Suicide-Bombers are stupid. For what reason? Their death donot even put a dent in the can.Someone else get to kick it down the road! Until there is real  talks at the top level, nothing changes.

OK MOSSAD- do your thing!!!

Instead of pulling out of Muslim countries, we should bring back the draft and occupy every Muslim country on this planet. We should stay there until hell freezes over if that is what it takes to kill off every Muslim Terrorist. And, at the same time we should  make sure every school that is teaching the Koran and Sharia Law is shut down. Muslims need to be educated in western style schools. Their 7th Century view of the world is will never be accepted, in the 21st Century. They must be forced to give up their primitive superstitions and learn to live peacefully in the modern world.If the war is over why arent our troops home?  Barack Obama is a freaking liar.

I wonder if Republicans are still burning Dixie Chicks CDs.

Do people honestly think ANY president republican or democrat will admit to the country, "oh hey this isn't working, we got our #$%$ kicked."?

Keep killing and bombing until Islam and Mohammedans disappeared

Muslim religion is really peaceful isnt it?

Al-Queada = Sunnis * Taliban = Sunnis * Muslim Brotherhood = Sunnis * Obama = Sunni

Odumbo said after BinLaden it was it? Lies lies lies

al qeada is defeated and weaken how could they have done this mr president obama, you and your adminstration keeps telling us this.

Let them kill themselves that’s a few less nuts in this world.

The truth is, there is no Islamic army or terrorist group called Al Qaida. And any informed intelligence officer knows this. But there is a propaganda campaign to make the public believe in the presence of an identified entity representing the 'devil' only in order to drive the TV watcher to accept a unified international leadership for a war against terrorism. The country behind this propaganda is the US . . ."The Kurds will end up running Iraq.

When these same Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists move across the border into Syria, and suicide bomb Syrian Christian, women, and children, they are called "Rebels" by the lying liberal media

They have no one else to blame but themselves for their ignorance and lack or responsibilities. They just had the worlds most powerful military to train them, feed them, police their backyards, and advise how to deal with street rats. Typical muslims, maybe Isreal should shed some advice their way.

I for  one  do not care as  long as they  killing  each  other in Iraq  and NOT in  Los Angeles  or Dallas.. Thanks  President Bush!!!

can we  say  it s Obama's  fault or is it still Bush's? maybe  Jimmy  Carterr's??

The madness of religion can be very maddening. Islam was born from violence; its legacy continues.

Al Qaeda seems to have the "destruction-thing" down pretty well, but have they ever created or built anything that helps humanity ?  Not in the past; not in the present; not in the future !!!

Congratulations you killed 25 of your own people you assess.

Does Wac-A-Mole come to mind?

bush is at fault, i don't care what it is, bush will always be at fault and odumbo will always be honest, up front, transparent administration, he never lies, ugh.  i had to wipe the vomit off  from so many lies.  have a nice day.according to odumbo al qaeda was under control and had them on the run.  no longer a big threat.  man, i thought that once we pulled out that iraq would be peaceful, that all our efforts would pay off, that al qaeda would no longer be around.  oh well, we all know how that fkng liar in chief works so that he can get his way.  LIE, LIE, LIE.  have a great st. patty's day.

These are the same sunni islamist butchers who killed our Ambassador in Lybia. Exterminate those sunni cockroaches.

Iraq was invaded because Saddam was pumping too much oil so he could pay off his iran war debt. He was flooding the market, remember $0.98 gasoline? So we go in and shut down the supply and create artificial scarcity and now were paying $4 bucks a gallon. Ka-ching! David Rockerfeller smiles his demonic grin! Saudi princes Buy more yachts and kidnapped  European girls for their Harems. Life is good, for them.

Contractor says " #$%$, I guess we're gonna have to stay here and shoot up the place for another 10 years all because of them evil-doers al Qaeda!"

25 dead muslims closer to the goal !!!!

we need an insurgency type effort here, all the lazy welfare types will be required to fight and  join.  The laziest will be provided suicide vests.They will be outgunned and die in droves, thus reducing welfare and unchecked breeding of feral children.Once our cities are rid of them , they can begin to rebuild.The government welfare employees can then find real productive jobs in the private sector.Hope and change.

I know we all hate fascist dictators  but sometimes I think it's possible they were only doing what was required to keep the insanity from destroying the country entirely? Iran ,Egypt come to mind.

The Polk administration provoked a war with Mexico that gave the U.S. a lot of territory. That's what I call getting a bang out of your buck! Just what in the hell did we achieve in upsetting the power balance in the Middle East? Forget Arab spring and democracy. I fear that radical Muslims will become the major power brokers in that entire region.

I wonder if that would have happened if we hadn't been stupid enough to invade that country in the first place.

"In a blessed raid among a series of operations for revenge ...ask yourself, what is so blessed about blowing your own people up???? Really??? Oh yea this is the Muslim way right????Wake up people,,,,America is as ripe as Iraq or Afghanstan for fringe groups creating chaos by small-minded people try to exert control with weapons of mini-destruction upon what they deem to be wrong with society.When will peace win, when so much hatred prevails?

We did such a great job in that country, next!

Barack Hussein Obama backed Al Qaeda claims assault on Iraqi justice ministry

This because they have never been of God and his unconditional love, so there will never be any peace they can claim

The GrabOil.Inc sponsored war is not going on too well. We saw what USA's concept of democracy means by their unconditional support to the mad regime of House of Saud - the kings of Saudi Arabia. So long as they sell out to USA, how they subjugate their own population is of no concern to USA. All this whitewash about democracy coming out of the White House is just #$%$

These are the "peaceful" Muslims?What I want to know is what are we going to do when they get strong enough to start this #$%$ on American soil.

too much for de american invasion haha hope they learnt their lesson

Good job Bush!

Muslims killing Muslims, as God intended :)

The comments seem to be dominated by intellectually challenged misfits.Philip, take your meds.

You must be nuts to believe what they always tell you..."...yeah yeah you know..Al Qaeda phoned and claimed responsibility..."......   Who knows it is CIA job???

This was never a Power Sharing Regime. It was a good old COLOIAL TAKEOVER and installation of No-Hopers led by Cleric Al Malacca who helped Israel &amp; The US to destroy Iraq's Industrial &amp; Military base. Libya Iran &amp; Stria amongst others should have helped Iraq against the Obese/Gay US Military because they would have been defeated had Iraq been given large backing. Had Russia &amp; Cuba joined in to assist their Baath SOCIALIST ally The Obese/Gay US and UK would have lost in a matter of weeks. Over. Done. As in Angola. Pound for Pound Cuba is easily the world's best combattants. Just give their military the weaponry and the mission.

Iooks like Al-Qaeda is alive and well Mr. President

Let's see if Iraq can fend off these terrorists without help.  "Please, help me, America, then get the hell out of my country"

This is what happens when the NRA utopia of everyone having guns is the norm.

suicide bomber may your soul burn in hell

Who cares .....let the monkey #$%$ savages kill themselves

Muslims killing people is news? It would be news if a day went by if they DIDNT slaughter someone or be "enraged" about some imagined slight or insult.  If they aren't spilling blood, they don't feel complete.

AlQaida philosophy, engage the west in wars in many areas so the west get bankrupt. AlQaida and Congressmen won.Let's all pray for PEACE in the Whole world. Arm MAFIA should stop

" Iraqi security forces eventually regained control."  Yeah, because all the bad guys killed themselves!

Am I the only person who has taken notice that these attacks took place after America withdrew? I believe that in its own says something about the terrorists themselves. I'm pretty sure we know and they know that if this attack taken place with American troops still there, America would still justify a means for being there. At this point it has been left up to the Iraqi government to demonstrate its competance in maintaining the security of its own country.

No

Al Qaeda is  the #$%$ of the earth. and just because they sent a few morons to blow themselves up does not mean they are not weakening.

There will always be Al Qaeda there, just bring out troops home. Let those animals do whatever they want with each other.

Why????????  Aint they bothus?  Think theyd like my hat?

We need international support &amp;coordination to control the cancer of Alqaeda .

Thanks to Bush/Cheney: there was NO Al Qeada in Iraq before these incredibly stupid US government destroyed Iraq.

Bushy shoved us in there and O-baloney yanked us out.  Couple of jerks.فقط للعلم العناصر المهاجمة التي دخلت الوزارة كانوا يستخدمون هجلات الجيش العراقي ويرتدون ملابس الجيش العراقي وعناصر لواء بغداد التي بأمرت رئيس الوزراء العراقي نوري المالكي واضيف بشهود موظفي الوزارة الوزير وكل المدراء العامين الدوائر ووكلاء الوزارة لم يحضروا للدوام وكلهم ينتمون للشيعة ومن حزب الدعوة الاسلامي !!! اذا من فجر الوزارة القاعدة ام جيش الحرس الثوري الايراني الذي يتوغل بالعمق العراق من الجنوب الى الشمال ومن الغرب الى الشرق وكل العراقييين يعرفون ان هذا الفعل من يملك القوة في الساحة والشيعة واحزابها لها القوة في ارض الواقع للتحرك والتنقل بحرية وباستخدام سيارات الدولة والسنة هم الفئة الضعيفة والغير مربح بها في اجهزة الدولة المختلفة الا نادراً .... واما تصريح وتبني القاعد فكل يعلم وبتصريحات امريكا ان القاعدة ليس نفسها تلك في افغانستان والسعودية فهي قاعدة مدعومة من ايران تعمل على تشويه صورة الاسلام السني في المنطقة والعراق بشكل خاص ولكن الحقيقة ان العراق هو الصراع الحقيقي في المنطقة لا سوريا ولا لبنان وبسقوطه بيد الفرس والعجم خسر العالم العربي والاسلامي الصحيح موقعه بين الامم كخسارة فلسطين وعاصمتها القدس

The US government killed OBL without taking him to court as they did not want him to talk...would have been highly embarrassing for the USA had he had a chance to speak..

Al Qaeda works for the US government this is just a statement by the americans that they wanna stay longer !

That's a dissapointing effort. They could have killed more then 25.

At this rate they will have to run out of virgins and we will succeed. Helluva innovative strategy. Maybe if we send Arnold over there he can help shorten the war.

Oh Lord, protect me from your followers!!

Hey Obama , is this because of a anti Islamic video !!!!!!!!   You have never lied to the American people or have you?

God has willed that these religious freaks kill themselves.

AlQueda is not as strong as it was. But still it can cause some destruction. A candle about to   die burns brightly.

Muslim world, what else you can expect!! This is how they live, kill or get killed.I can fix all of this.....Bring home every single one of our troops.Lock down all of our borders using our military to patrol and shoot to kill if anyone tries to slip thru.Let the middle east countries fight their own battles with each other while we stay safe at home.The first country that gives us #$%$ gets a nuke shoved down their throat and then we will move in, steal your oil and go back home.

Yayayayayayayya more islamists...off....the planet! Wtg

Robin Cook, the Database and SecretsOn the day after the July 7th, 2005 bombings on London transport, former foreign secretary Robin Cook MP wrote what turned out to be his penultimate newspaper column for the Guardian. In it he revealed something about al-Qaeda that perhaps he shouldn't have.Bin Laden was, though, a product of a monumental miscalculation by western security agencies. Throughout the 80s he was armed by the CIA and funded by the Saudis to wage jihad against the Russian occupation of Afghanistan.Al-Qaida, literally "the database", was originally the computer file of the thousands of mujahideen who were recruited and trained with help from the CIA to defeat the Russians. Inexplicably, and with disastrous consequences, it never appears to have occurred to Washington that once Russia was out of the way, Bin Laden's organisation would turn its attention to the west.As far as I know, this was the first time publicly, in the anglophone world, that the al-Qaeda name had been explained as referring to a computer database

The curse of Al Qaeda is "wack-a-mole"...every time you kill one of theseArab RATS, another pops up... only one solution to that...bring backPredator Drones with Hellfire missiles to Bagdad...

Yes this is consistant with Alqueda's ways....brainwash an innocent child, place an explosive vest on him or her, tell them they will go to Paradise, give them a "key" to open the gates of paradise, it's plastic &amp; it's stamped "Made In China", have the child commit the act of murder, celebrate a glorious victory, innocent child's soul burns in Hell.

the iraqi security forces regained control?????????? how can they have any control when these bombs go off as they please whenever whereever and kill whoever and destroy whatever they want?!?

They wouldn't be doing that, if So Damn Insane was still in power !

Remember the good ol' days, before Buffoon Bush blundered in?  In those days there was NO Al Qaeda in Iraq.  None.  Now, the whole region is unstable.  What a winner....

The Alquaida is well alive and nourished by the Western governments. I really wish a bomb comes on the heads of these Western and Eastern beasts. The people who believe in their governments must be terminated as well. We don't need idiots.

Did we win the war in Afganistan against Al Qaeda? no we didn't and once we pull out that country Al Qaeda will be back in power.Islam answer is KILL KILL KILL. It is the secret of the moon good allah and his book of murder the quran.  Non muslim kill them, different kind of muslim kill them, apostate killthem, women beat them, insult mohamhead kill them.See the trend everything is kill them. Summary of the quran is KILL them all. Islam the religion of peace.

Wake up, smell the coffee .... the violence will continue as long as Islam exist !Fight back : by exposing the evil of Islam, burn the Koranand spread the words: the founder of Islam - moooo-ham-mad is a pedophile !!!!!

The only way to stop this barbaric craziness ... is to exterminate ISLAM !Allah Uh FACK bar !

It's so nice of Al Queda to tell us their every move.. very polite... I don't think I would do that.

GREAT NEWS KEEP KILLING !!

Couple hundred trillion dollars (as a direct result of the Iraq and Af wars) and all I got was this lousy T-shirt!

USA claims assault on Iraq.

In other words with how the Al Qaeda have jointly moved into Syria... okay.. we cant seem to kill the U.S. Forces enough to win... lets go into Syria and see if we can win that one...

par for the course i guess.

nuke the whole region till they glow then shoot them in the dark easy fix problem solved next!well saying that you are part of Al Qaeda is a death sentence, so the numbers of suicidal idiots is decreasing, and most of them are at war in Syria

Shameless heartless barbarians boasting of killing innocent men-are they humans or satanic brutes.

There is nothing called Al Qaida. It is a whim produced by cowards like US and EU. Why you removed Saddam ? Now pay for your misdeeds.

Good thing we got rid of all the WMD's