I wonder how much Obama's food taster costs the American taxpayer?

Know this, the U.S. will NEVER act militarily during this President's second term. Especially for Israel and against....well....anyone. A very bad scenario is that Israel acts and Iran goes straight for the Strait. Hormuz that is. And all they have to do is disrupt. What that will do to the world markets and gas supplies could put us all back to 2007.

You know it in your hearts... Expect a false flag event sometime soon.

Its obvious that the necessary balance of weaponry is as integral a part as the balance of diplomacy for the sole purpose of commerce that our business shouldn't be war but enterprise for the good of humanity

"Netanyahu, meanwhile, makes little secret of preferring that Washington take the lead in any war."   Oh really?I think the US foreign policy in the Middle East is already screwed up enough.  Starting another war will be the nail in the coffin for the already bankrupt country.

according to this report nobody has concrete or valid information on what is going on, so why all this talk of war? the problem with the world is the stupidity of its political class.

We need to be very wary of any country making statements or claiming justification when they do not present credible evidence to back up their claim of the need of military action.  Too many times we have bought into the initial claim and listened to war mongering.  In other words we have been duped quite a bit.  We now know that Qaddafi was toppled because he was attempting to unify Africa under a single currency that was based off of the gold standard, however you didn´t hear that in the news.  We now know that Hussein was doing the same thing in Iraq with regards to a unified currency backed by a gold standard.  The Arab Spring had more to do with getting rid of the old guard who was looking to unify their currencies under a gold standard.  Now that we know that, most people need to start asking a really good question.  If that were to happen, what would that mean to the powers that run the world?  It seems as people tend to want to be white washed into believing that what is in the media is the absolute truth.  Well the media is nothing but a stage for puppets and I am shocked that people have not grasped that concept still even to this day.  People need to wake up and grasp a certain truth concerning how our world is ran.  This is the simple truth.  If any government uses a sensational over the top claim to justify sanctions, invasion, an attack or a war against another country and after the fact the reason changes (hint Iraq, Afghanistan among others from various powers of the world) for their action after the fact, that means they lied.  People need to get that through their heads.  Now I do understand that most people will argue that this is the best democratic system that we have and we have to just learn to deal with it because it´s the only thing going.  To those people.  You really think this is the best way to govern the world?  You really think that your shielded from this sort of behavior?  If it does come to blows with Iran, more than likely it won´t be much of a war really.  By real definition, a war would mean that both sides stand an equal chance at winning.  I think what we all need to do is look at track records and do an update on what this is and what it´s really all about.  What you are seeing is not the truth behind the claim.  What you see happening after the fact through legislation and limitations is the real truth behind the claim.  It´s time people wake up and start understanding that.

Inspect Israel's nuke? The American Israeli lobby will never allow that, meaning both Congress and the White House will say NO!

While I have no problem with Israel taking whatever actions it needs to defend itself, i do not believe the US should even be expected to lead the way.This is Israel's baby. We the US will lead the way only when the threat to us is imminent

Here in Las Vegas,where we bet on ANYTHING,the odds makers are giving 14 to 1 odds AGAINST Obama does anything but possibly to Iran but talking them to deathI love it, the one place that has advance air port security and a state of the arts B.s detector. Enjoy yourself Barry, they know who and what you are!!

I can't add anything to these comments but i'm glad to see the awakening.

J Street is also probably opening new channels with Americans of Persian origin. Iran is the second largest nation for Jews in the Middle East.

Netanyahu just wants the US to fight another war for Israel. If Iran were to launch a major strike on Israel first I can see helping them, but if Israel starts the war, they should be on their own.

How far will USA go to support Israel???

No! president Obama wont trip over Netanyahu's Red Line! When Iran brings the Red Line over to the United States and places it in front of the White House doorsteps then president Obama will most certainly trip on the red line before he see's it. Kaboom!!!

American has shed too much blood and too much treasure because of pressure by the Jewish lobby.  If they want to go to war with Iran they should send their boys.

Notice that the article said that it is Washingtons economic nightmare or our nightmare.But when Obama goes to Israel to talk to Natanyahu the prime minister he will still badger the president to act,showing that he does'nt care a lick about our economy or the american people.That has always been my argument.

Obama's Mideast policy has made the region as unstable as ever....and it aint gonna get any better under his marxist ideology!

More BS government war propaganda...Psychological warfare used to push an agenda!We are sick of special interest groups invading &amp; slaughtering countries in the name of centralizing power, collecting resources &amp; war profiteering off of defense contracts...No, he won't trip over the red line, he will trip over Joe the idiot Biden stupid statements.

Why is Obama worried? In his 2008 campaign, he said that Iran was a tiny country and no threat.

The Iranian nuclear program, whether they intent to weaponize it or not, has NEVER harmed an American. Israel can't say the same for THEIR nuclear program. The people living in Apollo, Pennsylvania still have limbs that glow in the dark and are still suffering from radiation poisoning due to the covert program that Israel ran in 1950's and 1960's to steal weapons grade Uranium from the US via a front company called NUMEC. They used the Uranium to start their own nuclear program and left Apollo contaminated with radioactive waste. The Army Corps of Engineers is trying to quietly clean it up today and the cost is upwards of 175 million.

if confidence in obama is what anyone measures their safety, then you have no hope.

My Opinion, Why should they inspect the Israeli's nukes? They haven't threatened to use them on anyone like NK or Iran.

Look at the idiot, you got more than 250 Nuk Bombs in Dimona and never let IEIA inspect them cos you did not signed NPT !!!he really think people of the world are stupid ( indeed they are ).... but you can not keep your hegemony more, get lost to your capital ( usa )

How big of a fool does Nitiyahoo look like with that stupid sign of a cartoon bomb. Lol.

Israel - the very expensive monkey on America's back.

Our President is a very ignorant man. What were voters thinking?

Have Israel sign the NNP treaty or any action against Iran will be a war crime!Today America restructures it's defense's on the West coast to diffuse N Korea call it Ronald Regans SDI voted and mocked by liberal media of it's time 1983 and as late as 1996 under Clinton and Carl Levin.  Called STAR WARS.  Obama the last 4 plus years telling Israeli not to luanch pre-emptive strike to prevent what He has stated today that a regime who makes statements to push Israel into the Medeterranian Sea has the abililty to achieve a Nuke in 1 year. In 5 years Washington has added 8 plus trillion dollars of debt.  The 1st 2 of wich Democrats held total control.

Interesting, Obama just said that he believes Iran will have a bomb in 1yr, and that he will not allow that to happen even if it means military intervention. That means he has at most 9 months before he has to attack...seems like Obama has a red line of his own or he just says what he thinks his audience wants to hear. If Iran is really 1 year away does anyone think there are any sanctions that can be applied to stop them?

Have you seen in the U.S. Senate, where Bebe's allies like Diane Feinstein, Chuck Schumer, Blumenthal, etc. are all crying for the disarming of America......at the very same time they are calling for aggressive and meddling and dangerous U.S. foreign policies, such as the arming of Al Qaeda and the Muslim Brotherhood in Syria?  Get involved folks before this country is not only bankrupt, but a smoldering ruin...for what????

A war supporter said "if anyone thinks Obama has Israel best interest heart is a fool". I'm no Obama supporter but should the American president keep Americas best interests at heart? That's the difference between Israeli 1sters and real Americans.

It seems to me that there is endless hatred of our country by these little dictatorships be they Syria or North Korea or Iran or others.........In every case they are garnishing weapons for war against us and our allies........The weapons they are obtaining are weapons of mass destruction the likes of which this world has never seen........Chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons and the means to deliver them........These dictators mince no words when they state that they are out to destroy us.........We the people of America are in peril and seem to dismiss our enemies as if they are impotent.........These guys are not impotent ........Let's hope our leaders end their foolish politicking and in fighting and face the dangers that are facing us and take decisive actions to protect our very way of life and our survival.

Oblameless will quietly disagree with Isreal and then upon returning to the US he will pledge more of our taxpayer's to another hostile muslim nation. Thanks a lot!

LETS SUM THINGS UP - OBAMA'S MASTER PLAN:1. Obama takes away our guns via "False Flag"operations (Sandy Hook, Aurora theater shooting, Sikh temple)2. The Government stocks piles huge mountains of ammunition, leaving none left for the public.3. The Department of Homeland Security purchases some 2800 armored vehicles.4. Obama authorizes drone's to kill American citizens on American soil.5. The government is stockpiling 500,000 plastic coffins in Georgia.6. Fema Camps (900 of them across the US).7. Obama takes control of the media.8. Obama signs executive orders giving himself a third term.

Since when does Israel rule the world?  How about some inspections of their nuclear weapons?  Why do they allow radiation to be vented over Jordan?  Criminal organization posing as a nation and committing genocide on its inhabitants.

1st Israel said Iran HAD nukes. Now they say Iran can make nukes. All while every report shows Iran is not even trying to make the bomb. Israel wants America to take the lead in attacking Iran. I can't believe there are Americans dumb enough to believe Israel. I guess their info about WMD's in Iraq wasn't proof enough that Israel lies!

Puck Netanyahubut Iran says its not making a bomb..Nuke is for energy purposes

Resolve this diplomatically??? Told that to North Koreans sometime ago RIGHT? and do you think Iran will??? Bunch of JOKERS!!!

In other words "Iran, go ahead and get nukes. Once you get them we will do even less. The north koreans can help you with it."

Israel says "Jump!", America says "How high?"

No US/Iran war for Israel!!!If Israel wants war with Iran, let Israel fight it, let Israel pay for it, let Israel's people die in it.No more US lives and money wasted on mid-east war!!!!!!!!!!!

I bet dollars to doughnuts Obama will bow to Nettie when they meet.

Obama NEEDS to carry Scopolamine-detection equipment every minute when in Israel.

Obama won't trip over Netanyahu's Iran "red line", why does everything in the world begin and end in what israel wants or don't want.

The Israelis can't rely on the US; rest assured (or get riled) they will do what it takes when the time comes and President Obama wont be in mix

Israel wants war with Iran, good for them, but please don't expect my county to fight your wars for you.  The U.S tax payer is sick of fighting and paying for these pointless middle east wars.Puck Netanyahu

Obama will beat his chest and make a speech.  By the time he's back on AF 1 he will have forgotten about the whole Iran thing and we'll be back on gay marriage something else stupid!

Looks like he got that prop from a road runner cartoon.

Israel should discontinue their nuclear ambitions, and stockpile, before pointing the finger at Iran.

It is time for the US to remember the fact that North and South America are islands to the rest of the world. Bring our troops home from all foreign bases and put them to work in the US locking down our border. Everyone that comes to our country is put into a database with DNA and gps tracking. I would be glad if it were less freedom and more safety in the US so we can focus on research and development and progressing this country forward.

The U.S. President is already "tripping".  There is no need to be in Israel.  Is President Obama going to give Netanyahu an humantarian award for killing Gaza activist or making him an example of a lawabiding Prime Minister for stealing Palestinian land to build illegal Jewish settlements?  How about being the first to hear from President Obama's lips that Foreign Aid was finished?  I simply can't conceive of anything positive about a trip to Israel.

Of all the words in this article that struck- from an Israeli official "American Presidents don't bluff"  Wonder who he has been listening to for the last 4 plus years?

See I am living in the most powerful nation on earth why should I be worriedabout Iran and it's nuclear weapon ? because Nutyahoo and his fellow mad dogsat AIPAC/Most media + Hollywood  want everyone to does not matter that Nutyahoo'sarmy already has them plus billions in charity aid from US and EU for defence spendingbut IDF cannot fight an enemy that is a little more evenly matched than the helplessrefugee in own land Palestinians

Israel sure has "tripped" over the 1967 Green Line.

Jews want USA to fight WW3 for them.In the spirit of peace and fairness,  nuclear inspections for both Iran and Israel.  But not one or the other.  How about that?

Diplomats are always better than the generals - - a great diplomat is a fortune to a Nation !!

how many bomb it take to wipeout a country the size of israel?

thats it!!! send in Rodman!!!

I guess this advanced notice OBAMA is bring his tele-o-prompter on the trip.  We've all seen him step on his johnson when he goes off script and when it comes to Jews and his muslim pals, OBAMA sides with the muslims.

Will the U.S. and the rest of the infidel world benefit if Israel takes out Iran's nuclear weapons program?  You're damn right they will!  So why shouldn't the U.S. and the others  assist Israel?  Should they enjoy the benefits without any of the cost and effort?

There is one thing that the Israelis don't do, rattle sabers. If they say they are going to do something they do it. Of course the Lyin King, Obama Bin Laden, will go over there and stick his idiot two cents in and really try to screw things up. I hope Israel tells him to stay home and fix the problems in this country. Of course he wont do that because he doesn't know how to fix anything.

A research released last week by Watson Institute shows till today US paid 2.2 Trillion $ for Iraq war and still is obliged to pay more. By 2053 , charges will arise to near 6T$ as they forecast . Any wise person understand that US fragile economy can not handle a war on Iran which could cost much more !   Obama must continue working based on US interests .

All you Israel haters who want the US to put their heads in the sand on Iran - Once Iran nukes Israel, they are coming for us. Look how well diplomacy and appeasement worked with Nazi Germany and Japan.

Why is it that the goverment is always discussing a war here or there but never america is broke? And americans are struggling still. The other day on the news they said at the pump we pay to fix our roads on the extra money they charge us it came to like 27 trillion um we could eliminate our deficit yet its used for roads that seem to never be fixed cause i know my roads pot holes havent changed. I see people losing homes. Starving there are no jobs barley at all and when you apply your against about 300 people.Berry's bias news media machine is at it again.  Ya know, if the Palestinians would move away from al-Qaeda/Iran and stop being a "dupe" for the United Nations and start thinking about their families &amp; kids future, maybe talks could begin.  Palestinians need to ADMIT Israel has the right to exist TOO and once they state that fact, Israel should stop building settlements and they both should set down and find a "peace", that neighboring countries(??) can abide by.  This BS could be over soon, if the Obama and the UN/Iran/al-Qaeda were removed from the picture. Obama &amp; the UN do not care about the Palestinian or Israeli people, they only care about their world politic views of a One World Government, set up to govern &amp; control ALL the world populations.  Israel &amp; Palestine, please "move away from the BS" of Obama &amp; the UN.

Okay quiz time. It's in 2 parts: 1. who was the Deputy Secretary of Defense, who was "a major architect of President Bush's Iraq policy? 2. What country is he a dual citizen of?

has bebe blinked?

Fight your own war. Nobody forced you to leave Europe (en masse), move to Palestine and start acting all bad. Now look at you.

as an american, screw obama...whenever netanyahu feels the urge with iran let the games begin because obama AIN'T YOUR FRIEND

"The chief U.S. military officer, General Martin Dempsey, has questioned Israel's ability to deliver lasting damage to Iran's distant, defended facilities. Netanyahu, meanwhile, makes little secret of preferring that Washington take the lead in any war."Most Americans acknowledge their politicians and media are corrupt and untrustworthy and they proclaim support for their military leaders and intelligence agencies. But somehow they believe all the lies spread by AIPAC, their media loudspeakers and their lapdog politicians.In testimony before congress last year, General Dempsey said "Iranian leaders are rational actors". But AIPAC want is to believe they are suicidal maniacs who would launch a nuclear weapon at Israel knowing Israel will retaliate with 200+ nukes.CIA and more than a dozen other U.S. intelligence agencies have consensus with "high degree of confidence" that Iran has not decided to build a nuclear bomb. IAEA inspectors have not found any evidence of military activity; only unsubstantiated allegations. But we are supposed to believe there have not been any inspections and that Iran is dashing to make a bomb.When Israel prime minister, Robin, tried to make peace with Syria, Israeli radicals murdered him. Don't let these people and their Christian fundamentalist supporters push us into a disastrous war that we don't need and our military does not want.

Israel has had nuclear weapons for years, I didn't see anyone complaining about that.  Why attack Iran?  They have every right to have their own.  Not to mention that Iran has NEVER attacked another country.  Can't say the same for Israel.

Obama's presence offends.

Now unless the Ayatollah's are truly demented they know that it is one thing to have a nuclear weapon. It is quite another to actually use it- even the nutcase in north Korea knows thatinspite of all his bombast.  The Iranian leadership must know to some extent what will happen if they attack Israel. Israel's doctorine of massive retaliation must give the Ayatollah's pause-Allah will not be with them if they attack Israel- instead the Ayatollahs will become dead monuments to their own stupidity.

In other words, Obama is NOT going to stop Israel if they take out the nuclear bomb threat of Iran! That's how I read that line.President Obama: March 6, 2012, press conference: "And what I have said is, is that we will not countenance Iran getting a nuclear weapon. My policy is not containment; my policy is to prevent them from getting a nuclear weapon -- because if they get a nuclear weapon that could trigger an arms race in the region, it would undermine our non-proliferation goals, it could potentially fall into the hands of terrorists.

Lets be honest. Wasn't it the Israelis that created war for USA on Iraq by keep telling us the Sadam has Chemical Weapons....and we found nothing, made the life of Iraq's misreable...  Now they playing the drum of war against Iran...... FU#C&amp;K OFF Israel

Another BS story from the communist liberal media.

Of COURSE the Israellis want the U.S. to attack Iran, that way they can shirk the bill.  But seriously, so WHAT if Iran gets a bomb?  If they ever use it, or ever let one "disappear" into a terrorist's hands we have way more than enough nuclear weapons  to convert their entire country into glass.

Nuxon does not like to treed over anyones red line that exposes his corruption

False Flag Operation just like the Lavon Affair and USS Liberty

While your at it you may want to research the "earth quakes" and fall out that has been measured in Iran particularly near their nuclear power plant.  Ever notice how in the news they non stop talked about the nuclear power plant of Iran and how it had to go.  Then abruptly you never hear anything more about it??  Notice that there were some earthquakes not talked about in the news right around when they stopped talking about that power plant.  Getting to realize how much you are being lied to by those in power and in control of your news outlets?

Take Iran out already Israel.. Don't wait for Obama.. Your liable to wake up and see him (Obama) in a sheet..Get to it.He will be playing golf in your hour of need ..

One day, somewhere, a nuclear bomb will explode perhaps at our porous Mexican boarder smuggled in a suitcase, or by a crazed dictator, or islamic fanatic.  Pakistan, Iran and North Korea nuclear powers?  The world can not allow it to happen but, it will.

"American presidents don't bluff" , they never met obama, he lies like no other, he is the son of satan as per pastor manning, with the fistbumping gorilla at his side (i dont mean biden)for those who say let Iran nuke Israel, remember how freaked out the libs in California were when Japan was on the brink of a nuclear meltdown? now imagine how freaked out they will be if an actual bomb goes off, fallout floating around the globe!

It all sounds good to make it seem like the US is all powerful enough to stop Iran .. Yes, America may blow up buildings etc, but can it actually succeed in stopping a secret nuclear programme (if at all there was one ) in Iran.. I doubt it !! because , for starters , US is not even sure where\when its taking placing. Importantly though is, It doesn't take 240kgs 20% HEU to make a bomb. Iran may supplement with 15% HEP.. America keeps comparing an iranian possible nuke to theirs in terms of strength..And this does not include the possibility of Iran simply purchasing the 90% HEU from N.Korea..So, if they wanted a nuke, they will get it and NOTHING America can do about it..

Maybe not trip but if asked, his response might be "How high?".

Iran needs a bomb to protect themselves from Israeli attack

Israel has been saying Iran is close to getting a nuke for right around two decades, their intelligence is either off or Iran isn't making a nuke.  Sad how they have been "a year away" for about 20 years now and everyone just eats it up without asking questions.

The whole world knows that King Obama is not willing to do anything to Iran just like we did nothing after promissing that N Korea can not be allowed to get the bomb.  How did that work out?

Rob.  We all agree with you 130 percent.  Very true.  Strange that a nation of 330 million sticks our necks out for a nation of 7 million.  Tail wagging the dog as they say.

More LIES from Israel.  Netiyahhoo was claiming back in 1992 when he was the PM then that Iran was a year away from having nuclear weapons.  Unless Israel gives Iran one of its 400 nuclear warheads that they have, Iran is weapons free and more importantly to Netiyahoos liking -- defenseless against the US/Israel.

Obama is an anti-semite and hates the Israelis.  He wants Iran to have the bomb.  In his befuddled mind it plays out as some sort of anti-imperialist "social justice."

The people of Iran need protection from Israel.Iran develop the bomb !! Help free the USA from Israeli slavery !!

President Obama: September 25, 2012, speech to the United Nations General Assembly: "Make no mistake: A nuclear-armed Iran is not a challenge that can be contained...the United States will do what we must to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon."

I'm sick of Ebonics being cute!

Congress set to OK bill renewing anti-violence law and that "military sanctions" are in need Israel have Overtaken in Local Domestic Violence the #$%$ whom were worst example of extreme right and Expanzionism by means of Conflict Violence and War With Brutal Aggresion are not number one any more " the case for Sanctions Against Israel "that make it clear that Netanyahu and his agents with Aipac should look to clean up their own act before they point their finger at any other nation . America did not go to war so Israeli leaders could dehumanize the Palestinians , Dr. Majo Meyers a holocaust suvivor of Aushwitz said in an interview on his tour titled " Never Again for any one " that the Palestinians are being dehumanized just as he experienced in Nazi Germany .

only iran knows for sure how far they are o bumer is a week pres they know that he will do nothing but take money from the workers and give it to the non workers iran is free from the us to do whatever it wants''

So why after 5 years go to Israeli now no glf date?  You are and the worst president this country has ever had. Iran will get a nuke and you won't do a thing about it.  Its all about money and fame for you send Michelle to the oscarsa an you go play golf with tiger good use of our money you jerk

OB will get a close look at the two faces of Iran.......Iran and Saudi Arabra. The Saudi should just say to OB just give us the damm  Drone blueprints.....its such a bother to back engineer them while the Saudi gives the training support operators lots of Puntang to keep them occupied. Rember who seed came from Saudi...Oh Yea.....do we have to learn again.

Obama will trip all over himself in showing his bosses how tough he is on Israel, all the while slipping a huge check into Israel's account..probably at Goldman Sachs.

Israel, if you feel threatend go to the UN state your case and then do what you need to do to protect you people, what country near you is really going to do anything if you just nuke Iran, and dont just do one  device, hit them with 4-5 to take out their military for the next 20 years.

Tick..Tick... Tick..... Time is running out!.... History is about to repeat itself...... Eternal Vigilance.US already paid 2200 B$ on Iraq war and still must pay - new Watson Institute research said.   Can you digest the figure???  Means more than 1m$ per each American citizen !!  War on Iran costs much more and will harm US fragile economy... It is better US leaves Israeli wars to be done by Israel.

President Obama knows that since after the recent Israeli elections the right wing transitional Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cannot start a war with Iran and must now include in and listen to the Israeli political CENTER and LEFT. Netanyahu and Obama are going to meet other important and far more moderate Israeli politicians such as Yair Lapid (male) from Yesh Atid party and Ms Shelly Yachimovich ( female) from the Kadima party. Obama knows that Benjamin Netanyahu's political power has diminished greatly and he must now listen to the Israeli political Center and Left which do not favor a reckless war with Iran. Many progressive Israelis and Americans think that far less hawkish Netanyahu is a good thing for Israel and America.

The Prez will try to block the Israelis at every point because he thinks the Arabs are easier to control....and they are as long as you give them our tax dollars and ignore it when they murder American citizens...BUT....the Israelites have been at war for 5000 years and it will take a lot more than an American Socialist to defeat them.....

he might trip over the great new popes robe???, i hope so

The only line that is real is the line that Obama has drawn between himself and relations with Israel. Iran will develop a nuke and we will be forced into Obama's greed (green) energy hand!!

Denison Mines Corp. (DNN) stock will go through the roof before too long ,this is all what they mine " Uranium " .

The only way Obama will ever do anything about his Muslim soulmates is 15 minutes after Israel attacks Iran and he is FORCED to take action.  Now he jumps into every little Muslim-Muslim squabble that pops up anywhere in the world.  Does that seem strange to anyone at all?

The cowardly UNCLE TOM OBAMA will go to apartheid Israel and he will bow-down and kow-tow to his masters. The cowardly UNCLE TOM OBAMA will keep his mouth shut about the increasing illegal settlements in the occupied West Bank that are paid for by our tax dollars. The cowardly UNCLE TOM OBAMA will not insist on visiting the West Bank to personally view the racist outrages being inflicted upon the Palestinians there. In other words - it'll be business as usual for the cowardly UNCLE TOM OBAMA.

Israel is right it should be ready June 2013

These jews talking negative about the president of united states ! Ha.ha.ha.ha ....you jews should be happy we let you live ! You bunch of racist money hunhgry rats!....if you jews are so worry about iran ! Go ahead and send your baby killers to burn in the pit of fire ! Go ahead and send your rats to war ! Cowards!!!!!!!!!!! Don't hide behind the american flag to then talk bad about our united states president ! God bless america and may the eagle allways fly free !...... And may netanyahu and all hes family burn in hell !Pakistan already has a bunch of nuclear bombs.  Pakistan has also said that if Iran is attacked they will come in on Iran's side.  Hey Bebe, duh, so Iran will effectively have the bomb IF someone attacks them!!!  Hello folks.....it's NOT about nuclear bombs, it's about forcing the use of the American dollar as a medium of international business exchange on the Iranians &amp; others who believe that our dollar isn't worth the paper it's written on!!

Netanyahu = Richard Nixon or Worse ( for sure 1000 % ).

I hope someone (Russia/China) lights an 80 meg nuke fuse in ITSAHELL! I'd like to see it completely broken off the land base and fall into the Med. The BAY OF ITSAHELL would be the new landmark. These guys are FAR WORSE thugs than Hitler's Boyz. Read John 8:39-47 to see what Christ Yahshua called them. He had a VERY GOOD look at them before they nailed him to the pole. He knew whom they were and still are. Their day of Yahweh's wrath is coming.

"Sanctions are not preventing Iran’s nuclear progress, the US Army commander in the Middle East told Congress on Tuesday, adding that he had prepared a military option.A simple “No, sir” was General James Mattis’s response when asked whether “the current diplomatic and economic efforts to stop Iran from obtaining nuclear capability” were working."March 5, 2013

The photo reminds me of a Get Smart scene.

A  few things are clear.  Israel want the US to go to war with Iran.  The US public  opinion does not want a war with Iran (with the exception of the religious crazies).Even Mitt after foaming at the mouth against Obama when asked bluntly if he wants war with Iran backed  down.Obama is trying to convince Netanyahu to be more patient.  Netanyahu is reminding Obama of all the pro-Israeli lobby contributions he received.Is Obama going to concede to Netanyahu?  Not sure, he does not stand for a re-election.  It will be interesting. Will Netanyahu attack Iran?  I doubt it, if they wanted to  attack they would not be so mouthy about Iran.

Obama's meeting with Natanyahu is like the first meeting of the Punch &amp; Judy!!  You don't know who is going to come out fighting or laughing first.  Natanyahu is a war monger and Obama is more calculating!!

Mind your fukn business Israel. You have nukes. Why cant others have them?  Sheer double standards

... maybe not, but he'll "trip" over his lower lip.~~  ISRAEL Does Not need America's "help".  They will get the "Iran job" done WITH or WITHOUT us and the Fool in the Whitehouse will be sayin' "... How'd that happen??"

Don't worry, Obama will reach across the table.  All will be well.And Obama the President of the most powerful nation goes with hat in hand and on bent knee to meet with and receive his latest orders from the Israeli slave masters of the United States of America !! Will his orders include the attacking of Iran and the spilling of the blood and guts of tens of thousands of USA Gis fighting another country's Middle East Wars ?? W W II Pacific combat veteran

Do NOT trust Obama.

Let's wait until June, Iran might solve nukes-in-hands-of-Ayatollahs problem from inside.

Can you tell me what authorizes us to dictate which nations can and cannot have nuclear weapons?Can you explain why nations living next to neighbors with nuclear weapons cannot protect themselves with nuclear arms? Eg. Israel has 200+ nuclear warheads and is a neighbor of Iran.Do you have a consistent and legitimate criteria to decide who can be trusted with nuclear weapons?Take Israel as an example. She is a serial invader, invading and killing thousands every other year since 2006. She is a military occupier. She violates international law by building ILLEGAL Jewish settlements on occupied land, stealing the land from rightful owners. She kills massively and incarcerates her occupied subjects arbitrarily without due process. She used banned substance during her invasions......Check when was the last time Iran invaded ? Hint: over 3 hundred years ago. N Korea? almost 60 years ago.Take the US. We have thousands of nuclear weapons. We are the only country that have used it to kill.

Netiyahoo wants to keep the world from doing something to force his hand on the Palestinian issue- this is another reason why he uses his time to keep up the scare tactics on Iran.  More deception from Israel

Israeli-Iranian war is not the U.S. nightmare it is Iran's and Israel's nightmare.

israels are P0S

Poor Netanyahu. He just does not realize that he is one of the most disliked leaders of any democratic government in the world. And that is why he can cry and scream about Iran and nobody wants to listen. Mr. Personality just can't seem to make any friends. And his policies vis-a-vis the Palestinians just add to the fact that everyone except the US Congress wants to throttle him.

this would be a good time for prayer.

Attention Israel : We are not your cannon fodder.  Fight your own $%#@&amp;*^ war!It should be to the  interest of the world to know that no nation will defeat Israel till Christ comes back

NEXT IS JAMAICA GOT NUKES !!!! Netanya hoe demands U.N and U.S act with military treats because the NUCLEAR GANJA IS A TREAT TO ISRAEL NATIONAL SECURITY AND PEACE WITH PALESTINE HE DONT WANTS MIXING OF GOATS AND SHEEPS IN THE WEST BANK IN THE INTEREST OF PEACE IN ISRARAEL.

But you don't need 90% enrichment of U-235 to make a nuke.  They would be foolish to enrich to that level instead of making P-239 from U-238 as most nuclear nations do.  Nobody used U-235 90% enriched bombs in modern times because it takes too much Uranium.  Raw Uranium ore is only 1% U-235 so you toss out 99% of your nuclear source materials.  Smarter to breed the U-238 (99% of what is mined) into Pu-239.  This is all spin doctor nonsense to justify the attacks the US and Israel have already done on Iran and justify more of them to the public.  Once again your being lied to by your lying politicians who want the oil of Iran and don't care how much tax payer dollars it is going to take so they can give the oil revenue to the elite of the 1% who they actually work for.

"SAMSON OPTION" -  research it yourself and see what you find.

Last Israeli mission was Iraq. US paid 2200 billion $ on it , as Watson Institute calculated . How much to be paid on Iran? Is these wars necessary for US fragile economy???

understand history then you will see whats really is going on

Faulk Mark Fitzpatrick, Obama lapdog.

What a horrible byline.

Only teabaggers bend over to #$%$!!! Fight your own war with Iran by yourself!❤OBAMA❤AMERICA FIRST!!!

Netanyahu dude that's not how a Nuclear Bomb looks, if you forgot just go down to your basement and look again.First, I'll ask the obvious question.  Why does Israel turn to the IAEA to crack down on Iran when Israel itself is a non-declared nuclear power? I believe that Israel should be made to definitively state its nuclear capabilities and the number of nuclear weapons it currently possesses, what its current production rate is and to submit to the same type of inspections that it demands of Iran.  Sign the Non- Proliferation Treaty; anything short of that is pure hypocrisy.Secondly, how could Nutty Yahoo ever expect the American public (soldiers) to die for the Israeli state (Netanyahu, meanwhile, makes little secret of preferring that Washington take the lead in any war.)?  The Israeli government is making it's own very messy bed and they, along with the citizens of Israel, are going to be forced to sleep in it!Lastly, after having tried to simplify a very serious problem in two simplistic paragraphs, I want to state that anybody who takes this condemnation of the Israeli govt as anti-semitic had better get over it. When I criticize the American government over say, the Patriot Act, its attack on civil liberties and the use of drones to spy on its citizens, that does not mean I'm anti-American!

Natanyahu with his school boy diagram make the dumbest school boy looks intelligent!

AMERICA is not going to fight Netanyahu's war for him.

"Iran committed to ‘full annihilation of Israel,’ says top Iranian military commanderBy Reza Kahlili - The Daily Caller | The Daily Caller – Mon, May 21, 2012. YAHOO! NEWSIran is dedicated to annihilating Israel, the Islamic regime’s military chief of staff declared Sunday.“The Iranian nation is standing for its cause and that is the full annihilation of Israel,” Maj. Gen. Hassan Firouzabadi said in a speech to a defense gathering Sunday in Tehran."

What a muslim says and thinks.

Israel should not have to attack Iran and lose Israeli lives -- that's what our more expendable American troops are for.  God bless!

If anyone thinks a mad man like "Ah~mad~"dingy jock", or any of ISRAEL's enemies who surround them are going to annihilate GOD's Nation and People, he or she needs to stop smokin' whatever they're smokin'... AIN'T GONNA' HAPPEN!!!

Even as dumb as Yobama is he can understand that simple drawing.

Israel is an Independent state and not a satellite of the US, The US needs Israel more than Israel needs the US.  Obama's visit is nothing but a farce. Let him stay in Chicago, the murder capital of the US.

We don't have to worry, Obama is not going to "trip up" over anything.Obongo had best obey his jewish overlords.

these jew pigs in the occupied territories are like a diseased prostitute who accuses another person of prostitution.the only war-mongers parasites with nukes in the area are the jews..NO OCCUPIED TERRITORIES (the land the Zionists call israel)  KNOW PEACE!FREE PALESTINE, long live defenders the of the poor..IRAN HAMAS AND HEZBOLLAH.

lol what a bunch of azzclowns.. show of hands..  who knows why American forces (also known as israels puppet army) and Israel dont attack Iran? no one? because Iran chooses not to do business with America.. you see irans biggest customer CHINA will kick the dog skippy out of anyone..thats ANYONE america who disturbs its energy supply or economy.. America is spoon fed news and the views they have..period. thats why America is 37th in education.

I would like to know how does a very poor nation like N. Korea get a Nuke and one of the top modernized Musilm country does not have one yet. How did we screw that one up? Both countris cann't be trusted.

obomo wont say anything till the iranian mushroom cloud rises.....then israel will have no choice but to nuke back.....no one in dc has the balls to do the rightthing now and disarm iran, i thought that was one of the reasons we spend billions on those b1 bombers.....

Well, Israel certainly is the top authority on secretly creating and stockpiling nuclear weapons.

"Words alone will not stop Iran. Sanctions alone will not stop Iran. Sanctions must be coupled with a clear and credible military threat if diplomacy and sanctions fail," Netanyahu said to loud cheers at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) policy conference in Washington.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Monday that Israel will bomb they nuclear facility in Israel it self to show Iran what could happen to them if they dont stop been warmogers. NOW THAT WILL BE NEWS!!!! GOOD NEWS!!!!!

we really don't want a war in the middle east

Obama going to Israel to thank  the Israeli slave masters of the USA for their millions of dollar political contributions ?

I have a great question ! When obama visits israel,is he going to be shown the 700 nukes,that israel has,and israel reactors,or is that not an important issue !US already paid 2200 B$ on Iraq war and still must pay - Watson Institute said last week. Can you digest the figure???  It is better Obama focus on American interests.

US already paid 2'200'000'000'000 $ on Iraq war.War on Iran will cost much higher. Is it good for US economy??

You ignorant anti-Semites should move to Iran and live there.  So when it hits the fan you get front row seats.  Goat loving ignorant fools that can't see light from dark.  Israel is sooo evil yet you can't see Iran has you duped...wow

Take the clerics and arm a ding #$%$ and his cronies out problem solved.

Netanyahu: He doesn't need a "Poll"of the Press,before He acts:Israel will do whatever needs to be done::

if Isreal or USA start offence against Iran this will be news on front page everywhere and a phone call to Mr Nut-something of Isreal:Mr Nut, you made the gravest mistake of attacking a proud nation of Iran. You have been following a policy of ambiguity (about your nukes). Iran also have same policy But we are disclosing to you now that we had nukes for so long (developed or bought from former Russia state or N Korea). Even if we would love you destroyed but we are giving you a chance to order your planes to return right now otherwise only one nuke is enough to destroy the whole Isreal and only you will be responsible for that. And we dont bluff. We can handle your few nukes but you will not be.Signed: President of Iran.Mr Nut will be sweating with legs shaking and collapses on the floor without being able to order a return of isreal planes.

TimP: No. You seem strange to everyone. And paranoid.

L: What's the problem? Too much caffeine?

Oh No, not another picture of ... with the burning Bomb and Red mark ! again !

Iranians would make better allies than Pissrael. Atleast they dont send spies here or sink U.S. ships. FOlks remember Jonathan Pollard, an Pissraeli spy sent to spy on Washington.Over 80% of Israelis do NOT believe in BiBi's "Iranian nuclear threat" either, according to a recent poll.

I wish odummer would trip on a rock and fall off the face of the earth.

The Muslims always claim "The Israelis did it"....Eh?but you see, if we had them on video, killing baby seals, they would say "The Israelis did it".

Hopefully, America will not become a fighting #$%$ of the middle east bosses.

It is widely known that Netanyahu is the boss... No need to be reminded so often.

everything will run pretty smooth until the last year of Obama and then all &amp;*^% will break out.Count on it

United States is fortunate that the democrates are in power at this time who have enough prudence of the  consequences of unnecessary war.Think about if Romney is in power right now, he would surely declare war against Iran even though most of the people of this great nation know that this war is unnecessary and nothing but waste of  money and lives.

Ridiculous. The armed pointing finger at the unarmed !ALL nuclear weapons in the ME are in ISRAEL.Iran is not even close to having the capability to have nuclear fuels, let alone a bomb !

After iran is bombed illegally,like irac was ! Is the iaea finally going to inspect the nukes of israel,and ounce the so called greatest threat to israel and the world,is over and done,is isreal going to get rid of it'snukes completely,and will the international world make the middle east a nuke free zone,witch it should have already done !

Research -&gt; Zionist Israel's ThermonuclearBlackmail Of AmericaTo bad Bush isn't in the White house anymore. He'd attack iran and north korea. What's another 10000 lives and 2 trillion dollars

They do not want to wipe anybody off the map. Just becasue a crazy guy likes to play mocho does not mean that he is saying the ultimate thing. Kids always threat that they will kill eachother when they are 10 years old. But do day!!! (except for some crazy kids!!! with guns)

Fudge Israel!    Not our problem.  I thought we had a Budget problem?  Who will fight for Israel?  The Poor Minorities... lol.

Obama himself not long stood up before a U.N. about half packed with Middle East Islamic extremists as a (supposedly) Christian President and stated, ". . . the future must not belong to those who would defame the prophet."   The U.S. population is very nearly evenly split with it's own turmoil, half of them still in shock and dismay over what they may have in the White House, and half still jubilant with 4 more years of shiny promises of "free" healthcare and "free" Obama toys.   So, if America, in it's "distraction", muddling over whether it's own President is friend or foe makes a miss, or a mess of things and lets nuclear-armed radicals slip through their fingers that actually start WWIII?  Canada believes it will get a pass out of class to sit it out somehow?

If I was Netanyahu, I would be more worried about the 20 F-16 45 million dollar jets and the 200 4.3 million dollar Abrams Obama is sending to the Muslim brotherhood running Egypt. It almost makes me laugh when I read that they are "SELLING" them to Egypt. I guess you could say they actually are buying them, but they are using the one BIllion dollar plus foreign aid package we gave to them in the first place.

Arnold*Why don't you go fight for Israel?Don't whine.

Palestinians also need a bomb to protect their kids from those criminal in Tel AViv

@Mark, IMO Obama's agenda is nothing but Obama's agenda-- and for the past 5 years that agenda has been to bankrupt the country and to, at the very least, tip the country toward Socialism--if not anarchy, and as far as I know, based on MY history classes, a bankrupt state, whether Democratic Republic or Socialist-Communist is useful for but one thing.  Takeover!!  The questions are:  1) is, who is Obama making out the invitation for?  2) Will the Americans wake up in time, or at all to stop him?  MAYBE Israel should be a little bit worried about that!

We don't need Obama. He did not stop anything bad. He does anything even worse. What for we need him?! What for? + which is a huge minus -- that Obamas all black. They all black.

Read up on Pollard.  Sounds more like Diary of a Wimpy Kid more than Jason Bourne or James Bond.  He doesn't even have a parole hearing until 2015.The zionists criminals only wants more American blood spilled for them and nothing more.  Jews have ruined every country they were involved in and for that reason, they were kicked out of every country since the beginning of time.  Now the US is close to bankruptcy thanks to a war in Iraq that was fought for Israel no less that cost over 2 trillion dollars.  Israhell is an enemy of the world...period!By the way, when will there be a law preventing dual citizenship in the government?  Israeli and American???  Sorry, boot those Israelis OUT and fast.

let israel strike , then we can watch the whole arab nations kick the #$%$ out of israel !

If I were the leader of a country, I would want my country to have the same weapons that others have to protect my people. Israel is being attacked by  all peoples who do not believe in God. God always wins. Whose side are YOU on?

Do not visit Mohammedan countries

Israel uses the us we are their buffer in the UN if not for us Israel would be in deep do do and what do we get in return ? They're in the occupied territory against all un resolutions. they treat the pals like #$%$ and steal they're land and want constant war now they want to bomb Iran because Iran has what they already have .

Hitler said, "" I'm leaving a little Jew so that you know who they are "

If America wants peace,,, do not force the American foreign policy to other countries,,, by way of dirty politics,,, other countries have their own sovereignty,,, arguing that the peace of the world, just a hoax,,, the world knows it

Americans are slaves to Israel,,, so easy to set up by Jews / Israel,,, always monitor the land of others,,, always interfering land of others,,, indulgence in war by dirty,,, the world already knows who it is israel and america, ,, cunning,,, just guts with technology,,,

let israel defend itself. we are not the world police.

Israel wants the US to lead in any war, huh? Well, if we do, and LOSE, Israel won't have to worry about those whiny American Christians any more. WHY? The Jews will be NUKED out of existence by your friendly and loving Muslim fan club; IranThe country is full of evil demons in it,,, always indulgence war dirty,,, always disturb other people's land,,, if any other country forward then he jealous,,, that's the nature of israel and america,,, the state of freedom ,,, the freedom that comes from Satan

I'm more than tired of this radical Netanyahu, and long for amore pragmatic Israeli leader. The illegal intrusion into Gazamust be addressed in a legal and impartial setting. Do it!

What if everybody is being distracted, and while the world sits and dithers over whether Israel or Iran is the primary aggressor and  in the Middle East, or North Korea is the bigger, more immediate threat, the U.S. is subverted from within, and around the rest or the world, radical Islam spreads it's tentacles and it's tyranny here, there and everywhere?  What if we are ALL missing the real red line?

Bibi that drawing is an insult to the intelligence of the people in that room , I bet many of them were thinking : what an #$%$ .

The most effective military strategy is deception.

he'll trip over something else,he'll let pollard go  free.

call the muslim up and tell him your busy like putin did barry the muslim is fake he's full #$%$ and a liar so i wound.t believe anything he's said

Imagine a weekold michelle obama ribfart after a night of ribs and colt 45's. Thats what Gaza City and the West Bank smell like.

go israel !!!!! we love you !!

Arabs are not human beings.Arabs are the children of swine

Second term and President Obama, I don't see we are going to war in Iran. Thanks God that chameleon called Ramney is not in the White House. In our congress, we have a lot of sleeper cells for Israel. If they love it so much they can go Israel themselves and fight over there...Iran never attacked us, if Israel has a beef with Iran, they found their match. We can watch it over here. The last lie was Iraq, and how much we spent? $3 trillion. Physically conservative got a new meaning.

Start buying Israel items they won't be in existence in 20 years. Not that they deserve to be destroyed but look at the middle east. Israel is hated by everyone there and everyone there is fighting each other

If these cowards want to attack iran why don't they attack then stop talking about it like little woman and do it war monger israel has been threatening to attack iran for over a year what are they waiting for?Of I forgot they are scared doing it lane like little girls they need usa help.

of course not !!! Obumer is determined to destroy the great U.S.A. Die obumer !!! Die!!!!

Netanyahu, meanwhile, makes little secret of preferring that Washington take the lead in any war.says it all.....it's be great if your guys go fight and die...but um..us?  well...um..naw

Isael is an Allie and should be treated as 1. Only country that truly knows how to deal with terrorist. Need to listen to them.

You bigots and athiests just can't stand that Yahweh revealed in scripture what is happening now. This little piece of land is the focus of the world. Yahweh's land. Thousands of years ago Yahweh said this land would be ground zero of the last war. Explain that heathens.

I israel declare to illumicorp,that i will get the armies of america to attact iran for none of the reasons i have given to the people of israel,and the world,i think the father lucifer for given the jewish people their own land,declaired israel,we have given you the oil of irac,using the armies of america ,and their troops,and absolutely none of ours,have been laid to rest because of that crime ! Started by israel !!! Oh great lucifer,we will also give you the oil of iran soon,and illumicorp will own all the oil and all other natural resources of the of the world,so we can complete what you have asked of us! Oh great one,lucifer...i over heard netanyahu saing this in funny looking mirror,could this be true !!!

Some times he seems cuddly and sometimes he seems like he could probably pull a trigger or two.while hitler built his war machine and lied to the citizens of germany, we looked the other way as he invaded and killed his neighbors, only after much death and destruction did we get involved. why wait til israeland her people are attacked by an avoued madman?

Death to all arabs. Stinking subhuman slime......

So the US will help israel destroy the people they hate because of their and stupid fake religion or they will launch their nukes at US, right? Can anyone tell me why israel can send it's nukes all over the world when they only need too "defend" against their neighbors?

Watson institute research says , till now , US paid 2200 B$ on Iraq war. War on Iran needs much more and will harm US stability... Let Bibi cover it himself..

Hey BiBi-Satan-WhoWho if Israel has it, Iran should have it too, how come Isreal doesn't show what they got in hiding, and Iran should spell it out and show it all????????????

Obama needs to stand by Israel 100% and we need to have massive assets geared towards Iran. Iran is trouble and trouble must be put in check. When they do the slightest provocation..target a ship. Then their entire Navy should be targeted. This is the only thing Iran will respect. So it must be done. Soon. Unfortunate but true.

Sanctions against Israel for repeated abuse of human rights and a dismantling of it's nuclear arsenal would be extremely beneficial to peace in the region.  Iran does not have a nuclear weapons program, but thankfully does have a government not subservient to the West, which is a great benefit for the future of the world.

Big ears doesn't understand. He is one of them

again i say this is only the begining of the End of us All!! [mankind]

Weather we act or Israel, it won't be good, IMO.Israel caused this confrontation by taking Palestine and offering 20% back!

Collaboration between North Korea and Iran means a nuclear attack or more likely an EMP attack is already possible if not probable.

israel is in the wrong. israel has nuclear weapons already and it won't allow inspections. Talk about pointing fingers ....Gary is right. If they want to go to war with Iran, let them do it themselves. They're just too chicken $h1t to do it so they keep squaking out loud.

Israel should watch its own back cause Obama is not watching Israels back nor the United States soldiers back.Christians(U.S. Soldiers) thrown to the lions den and jews Crucified by Obamas Romanus!

Nutty-yahoo and his tin-foil yarmulke.......what a clown.

this "visit" is just more pr for pharaoh barack insane obama, hero of the arab world!!!!! fubo fubar!

If Obama had cat #$%$ for brains you wouldnt smell it

eventually there will be a war..........the question is..........how far will it spread?     and.......can it be contained?

Iran who? They haven't got anything on N. Korea and that young punk that seems to just blow stuff up. It will take us all out if that were to happen. The end of days!

Again with the stupid #$%$ talkin bout iran annihilation of isreal. Iran only said it would annihilate isrealIF ISREAL ATTACKS THEM!!!! u dum #$%$. Any country including america would do the same to isreal if they threaten a country to attack of course it would threaten back to annihilate isreal.DUHHH.Jon Stewart mocks Netanyahu's U.N. speech:“Bibi, bubby, what’s with the Wile E. Coyote nuclear bomb? Are you gonna pretend you don’t know what a nuclear bomb looks like? You’re Israel! Go downstairs and look in the basement!”  lol

Whatever that happens, I have full confidence in Israel's ability to defend herself with or without the so called UN whose support of the enemies of Israel is not a thing of today.

Odummy hates Israel because he's a Muslim..

obammy will take a "trip" on all of the crack he smokes.

America needs to leave Iran alone. Stay out of their business. They have a right to develop their own weapons, and if you trust Israel with them, Iran is no different.

IF NOT NOW THEN WHEN? ENOUGH OS #$%$ TALK

Netanyahu is a Black Non human Entity.

whta that israel is worried about iran is iran itself. iran hates israel and supports hezbollah and syria. in the case of a war with iran ( leading by the US) israel will targeted by iran and there will be no israel after non atomic iran. the united states too has many potentilal traggets for iran in middle east. there is a question that israel never answered: how can a nuclear armed israel ask others not to enrich uranium even for peacful aims. and netanyahu isnt in the state to draw a redline for iran cause israel itself is irans redline.

Israeli hypocrisy on a nuclear Middle EastOct 3, 2012excerpt:"one lingering memory of the General Assembly's high-level debate: Benjamin Netanyahu's dramatic presentation of a cartoonish nuclear red line, which hit the front pages of most mainstream newspapers in the United States.""The real absurdity of Netanyahu lecturing the world about nuclear weapons was precisely that - an Israeli leader lecturing the world about the dangers of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East.""The fact of the matter is that not only is Israel the region's sole nuclear power, and not only has it on previous occasions all but threatened to use these weapons of mass destruction, but it has since its establishment consistently and steadfastly rejected ratification of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), Rabbani said.""It's a bit like listening to (Hustler magazine publisher) Larry Flynt denouncing pornography - though to be fair to Flynt, it's unlikely he will reach the levels of hypocrisy displayed by Netanyahu,""Rabbani told IPS, "Many observers commented on the - literally and figuratively - cartoonish nature of his remarks, replete with a Looney Tunes graphic of a bomb with fuse.""If Netanyahu wanted to present a point of view with potential interest, he would instead have explained why Israel remains committed to rejecting the long-standing Egyptian initiative for a Middle East free of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction, and more importantly, why Israel only days before Netanyahu mounted the U.N. podium rejected participation in the Helsinki conference to be held later this year and backed by the US, to debate the establishment of a nuclear-weapons free zone in the Middle East," Rabbani added."Asia Times Online

America's interests in the middle east extend beyond Israel's borders, and I'm sick of watching my government act like Israel's lap dog while supporting 65 years of ethnic cleansing, war mongering, and apartheid tactics by that criminal regime in Jerusalem.What happened to the 1991 red line when Iran, according to predictions, was supposed to have the  first bomb ready?

" Netanyahu, meanwhile, makes little secret of preferring that Washington take the lead in any war".What the hell does he thinks we are.  Slaves you send to the front line to defend his Palace?  Sir, Make peace, and get out of the occupied lands, and no body will attack you.  Americans voted for Obama and not a hawkish president because we are tired of sending our soldiers and spending billions of our tax money to defend others.

It would be illegal for the US to attack Iran on behalf of Israel.

Remember Iraq- how the  Jewish Israeli neocons like Richard Pearl, and Wolfovitz pushed George Bush to fabricate lies to go to War in Iraq. So is Nethanyahu is trying to push Obama to go to War with Iran saying Iran is developing Nukes etc etc. The US government should by now realise the cunning mentality of the jewish neocons.- Which is - Get someone else to  fight your wars to get rid of people you don't like, while you stay cosy in your own house.

we are not sending our kids to die for another Jewish mercenary war.

What cab Obama say to his Jewish masters ?. Doesn't matter we have a president from KKK, as long as jews control congress &amp; senate Amerikan president is just a puppet when it comes to Israel.

Israel is the treat to the Human race.

anyone notice how all news from israel is now coming from JERUSALEM  stolen land not tel aviv

I do not believe that Iran is as evil as we are told.NK yes, Iran no. Iran is the only middle east country that can control their population. We are creating our own enemies. leave these people alone,mind our own business.protect our borders, stop letting border jumpers in our country, so they can vote democrat,Buy as much ammunition as you can afford!

They should treat him like he has treated them,in and out the back door.Why should they welcome a muslim liar in chief,he has shown them no respect!!!Obama will bend over backwards to please the right-wing zionist leader of Israel - US presidents are puppets of Israel when it comes to politics!

obama and netenyahoo have both wasted all our time and freecouirces.

why you tripping you jew muthaFucka%!

This Israeli #$%$ needs to take down the picture of George bush hanging in his bath room and understand weapons of m#$%$ destruction, only can be used in a lie by the big #$%$ himself.

wow look forward to $20 a gallon gas by summer 2013 year of the snake hhhiiissssssss

If not for Israel we would have been paying $20 for a gallon of gas back in 75

". . . could potentially fall into the hands of terrorists"?   Obama is either being deliberately obtuse, or is just playing more games with words.  Neither he, nor the newly appointed members of his administration are stalwart friends of Israel, that much is certain.  Further, the president of Iran IS a terrorist.  His clearly stated goal at the very beginning of his presidency was to build nukes and use them to "wipe Israel off the map".   Netanyahu needs to watch out for his own people.  Obama will talk about "diplomacy" until WWIII starts and surprises the perfect crease right off his pants.

Typical jew. They were very brave and still boast about how they killed Jesus Christ??? but when they came up against the Germans they cried like babies. Now they are scared, so bloody scared because they thought they could be the same big smelly bully to be the only in the regioen to have nucllear. Islam did not kill Jesus, the Jews did. It is written in the Christian bible, read it. Hope Iran build 10 000 nuclear bombs with the help of mother Russia.

Good, don't trip Obama. Netanyahu doesn't even deserve to dine in the same room with you, he's a terrorist.