And yet the warlords are well fed while denying the starving people of food aid.

@RJB. Yes. I have actually lived in such a place. Unlike the USA, it is consistently voted the most free country in the world, the least corrupt country in the world and is is the top ten counties to live in. Unfortunately we have some people trying to bring US style capitalism here and the quality of living is dropping for most people.  For most of the people in the USA the only thing that capitalism brings is minimum wage, insanely expensive medical insurance and a high imprisonment rate.

The corrupt Somali government...or the lack thereof, may have had something to do with it as well.

must be true,  I bet somali has never had a drought before

That poor little boy in that photo isn' t a victim of global warming, he's a victim of a corrupt, greedy, violent, selfish, belligerent government that is run by warlords who smite the people of that country. They are left to starve and live in poverty so they can continue their civil wars.

I look at that photo and it says a million words. One being that the monies that we are sending by the shiploads are not going to the needed area's. What is up with the U.N. to stand by and watch these souls all are of which deserving to live but destined to die. I wish that i can help..my heart cries..but hardly able to put food on my own table. I live in America. Something very wrong and sinister is happening.

Somalia has been under drought conditions for decades.

'Global warming'...?   How about: Global $$$,$$$,$$$,$$$,$$$ in the pockets of names you have never heard of...

Over grazing and over populating this dry region far beyond it's carrying capacity was a predictable disaster that is happening all over N. &amp; E. Africa. Somehow this wasn't mentioned.

Droughts are the kind of things which happen when you live in a place which has been a desert for centuries at the minimum.

Either global warming, or something else....not sure.with a 1 year old that cries at the slightest bit of hunger, to see that, I can't imagine the suffering of the baby and parent listening to it.  This is horrible.

May have? Do we really need articles about things that might be?

Every one needs to understand Global Trade Patterns. The foreign aid food is sold on the black market. The money is used to buy weapons and ammunition. That is how the dictators  supply the child soldiers.

The somali "drought" did not cause the famine. It was politically induced by warring factions. There was plenty of food it just wasn't getting to the people .

"Global warming may have fueled Somali drought"...Or... it 'may' not have...Regardless, we've now been reduced to using pics of starving kids to emotionally charge the issue..  Pathetic!

They are still pushing this bunk? Global Warming, Climate Change? Does anyone see this and a connection to make money by carbon taxes?Before modern technology rain tended to not fall in areas just like today.

The earth has been warming from the last ice age. People need to go grow some food and quit fighting.

We've seen pictures of starving African babies since the early 60's....it's not a climate thing it's a cultural thing.

Who made us the the blame capitol of the world? China puts out more greenhouse gas and tells everyone to shove it. If these people have the balls then go to china and #$%$. Dont believe the press they lie.

What is so sad about this situation is they are continuing to have children that will starve to death.Putting the word 'may' in the statement only means that someone is speculating. This isn't news, it is speculation!

I assure you that Somalia's problem are caused entirely by bad people within Somalia, not global warming.

While they are considering global warming...did that also create the centuries old deserts??

Primary cause of starvation is war.

The sun has cycles of increasing solar flares.  Most peak and recede every 11 years. The droughts in 2011-12 coincided with a peak.  Some cycles have double peaks and it looks like this cycle may be one of those so we should expect more drought ahead.There is nothing man made about global warming or the lack there of.  To settle this in your mind you only need to know, Mars experiences the same patterns of heating and cooling as the earth.  There are no humans on Mars.

Alternatively the Global warming trend may have lessened the drought. We do not know. Neither do the scientists. This was a weather event, not a climate event, the two are only distantly related, and the relationship is flatly not understood. This is simply another drum to get more people worried. Let us worry about spending the money to adapt and take care of these children shown in the picture now. Or alternatively we can spend tons of money on carbon reduction and save them later, whoops they are already dead, sorry.

This is absolutely shameless reporting.

The UN sits by while evil people continue to be responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands and millions of people. The UN is useless.

Yeah, right. Keep in mind that the "culture" there translates into infants and children getting the last of rations because the adults can always make more of them.

Global warming may have caused the unicorns to become extinct.maybe if they spent as much time growing food and improving their infrastructure instead of finding boats and taking to the seas to pirate others they wouldn't have all these problems.

In the photo caption: "Human-induced climate change contributed to low rain levels in East Africa in 2011" .....I'll take your word for it! HILARIOUS

Please, Mr. Gore, stop hurting these third world nations. Please come out with a book that says everything is alright and always will be. Thank you.

I wonder if I can blame "global warming" for my dog taking a dump on my front porch this morning.

"MAY HAVE" but they don't know for sure, but hey let's just put that out there and play upon it.

I've been hearing about famine in aferica for 40 yrs. so please cut the bull sheet.

MAY have contributed. I don't see how two years shows much of anything.  Here, we have had several years of drought in a row off and on since I can remember.

Wow, I can't believe it!  There's never been a drought in Africa before!!!  The sky is falling!  The sky is falling!

Our daily dose of man made climate change. Doing their best to make the average Joe feel guilty for living. Priceless!

Fewest number of tornado's in 50 years,fewest number of major hurricanes in the last 50 years.Sounds like global warming has not really ever showed, its looks like it's a no show,sorry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You liberal want to tax everything we do'ers.Next, they will claim that the Sahara &amp; Gobi (both many thousands of years old) were created by man-made global warming.  Hey, 'scientists' --- I very much doubt that there was much 'fossil fuel burning' back then.

It seems like everything that happens on our planet is just blamed on MAN MADE Global warming which just has never been proven to be an absolute. Yes, the Earth has climate change,,,every minute of every day. But we cannot decide that it is all because of Man. When will the scientific community come clean with BOTH sides of the climate story? The liberals just love this s##t because it fits their agenda of just having more control over people.

This is just sad - not the Warmists are using heart wrenching images as a marketing tool - no shame and no class.

Somalia is an example of anarchy or no government at all.  I feel sad for the innocents but there is little we can do about it.  We tried to help them but they killed and drug our soldiers around.  Unless they change themselves, nothing can be done for them.

That picture is so sad and disturbing.  All children deserve at the very least, a start.

It seems to me that the problem we need to deal with is the freaking warlords first and then worry about global warming which I believe is still the earth doing its own thing and I believe the most effective way to deal with it is to plant more trees. Trees suck up all the #$%$ in the air, they love it and they spew out oxygen. You can't go wrong planting more trees.

Why do people have babies only to see them starve to death? Its a terrible tragedy to see babies die at no fault of their own.

Didn't I see the same photos from Somali twentyfive years ago....?

"Global warming may have fueled Somali drought."Let us know when you're certain!

This has more to do with corrpution and war than it has to do with global warming.When HAVEN'T Somalians been starving?

The African continent has been having droughts for centuries. It "may" have been caused by climate change and it "may" have been caused by something else. Whatever caused it quit breeding and creating a bigger problem.

And what caused the Sahara to grow for the 200 years before man made greenhouse gases? And what turned the Middle East from a tropical wonderland to a desert in the last 10,000 years  and on and on.

The baby in the picture is a victim of child abuse not drought...only the small children and elderly go hungry while much of the adult population is in fact over weight.

AP you got to be kidding.. Idiots...

It's called, "Natural Selection"....Global Warming has nothing to do with it.  NATURE,  wrap your mind around it.

"British climante scientist". 1. What else would you expect from the type of description of who they are?.  2. Man up and say it is the cause or go get some tea and corsets.

Those people nedd to quit having babies. DON'T BREED WHAT YOU CAN'T FEED.

Overbreeding is why there are so many deaths. It's hard to feed a dozen picaninnies when you live in an arid country. Maybe dem White folks be sendin' mo food.

And it may have made water wet also.Desert!!!  Never had a drought before!!!!!

See the picture of the starving little child? Maybe Democratic Mayor Bloomberg (7th richest man in the US, net worth 27 billion, see Wikipedia) could help him out. It would be mighty liberal of him, or maybe not.

This Muslim country sits nest to some of the richest Muslim countries in the world, why can they not help?

Remember the woman here in the USA who said "Somebody gotta pay fo mah 15 chirren"?

It is amazing to me that when we have an excessive amount of rain or snow it is because of global warming, warm air holds more moisture.  When we have a drought it is because of global warming.  It is nice to have a theory that fits all circumstances.

This picture shows where black or african or muslim leadership will get you. The more you add to the combination the worse it gets.

What about over population....that probably had nothing to do with the food shortages and deaths though right? Instead of sending food to these countries, why are we not sending Birth Control? These people have been starving ever since I was a kid, I remember the old "Finish your dinner there are starving people in Africa" and I am in my late 30's yet they continue to pop kids out...they have enough energy to screw so how come they can't dig some wells and go hunt for food? It's the same as the welfare system over here it's completey backwards...we give people money to feed the kids they have, but then they keep having more and expect us to keep paying for all the new ones and that seems to be fine with the tax payers and governement here too because we will pay for them without penalty but we won't pay for an $500 abortion? Makes no sense at all!

Here in the USA, we experience global warming yearly, as well as daily.Daily, when the sun comes up, it gets warmer, and yearly in the summer months its hotter than the winter months. Global warming is a hoax, intended to line the pocket of climate elitists like former vice president gore and his Generation Investment Management corp (google it).

Get fixed,get a comdom or do without But what ever you do QUIT MAKING BABIES.

"Global warming is caused by the burning of fossil fuels — coal, oil and natural gas — which sends heat-trapping gases, such as carbon dioxide, into the air, changing the climate, scientists say."  So Wood Burning and Dung burning are OK...and only the West is wrong?I have seen that same photo for twenty years.  They use it over and over.  By the way, Somalia has always been a desert.

Most famine is from civil war and corrupt governments.

This is Obama's dirty secret.. the poor in the US are still richer than 80 percent of the world.  He will use the UN to redistribute US money - your money to other countries til we're equally poor.  Congrats "99%"; you are about to be taxed for the "good of the poor".

With modern communication and transportation, nobody needed to die from draught or famine, no matter the cause or no matter that global warming may have contributed to it.  It wasn't the draught the killed these people.  While these people were dying, lots of Muslim pirates and terrorists were getting rich and had plenty to eat.  Would they ever consider helping people?  Of course not.

Global warming? Let's be real, tie 5 year Norplant birth control to food aid, problem solved!

Results of not only drought but a dysfunctional government for decades as well.......

Take that global warming slogan and shuv it where the sun don't shine!  Somali, really because of global warming.  Al-Shabaab and all the other islamists have ruined the country.  Get rid of islamists and the hunger will disappear because the food and money will go to the people.

Global warming.  Not warlords and a hole Islamists.  Global warming.  Are you people falling for this?

Yes , and was the reason for a cold weather in Europe too.

Droughts have been a phenomenon in this region for longer than man has been around.  The problem is overpopulation of the area.  I don't know what the answer is for these people, you would think they would have enough wherewithal to stop producing children like rabbits.  Until they figure that part out they will continue to see their young die by starvation.What caused the Sahara to become a Desert 10,000 years ago?

The liberal media always tries to make us believe in their propoganda by using horrific visual aids like this picture to appeal to our emotional side.

Amazing they call this a problem when the real problem is people over there are having babies from 13 years old to 60 years old.  I bet a woman over there as an average of 10 kids each before they die.  They should be looking into that so THIS will not happen.  Over populated anything will die.

who,in their right mind, would want to have children, when you cant even feed yourself?bomb them with birth control.

Everything does not evolve around Global Warming.  There has always been droughts in Africa and Israel as well.  Maybe they should pray to God.

Nature's way of leveling out the population.  See what happens when people breed like rabbits.

So global warming just picks a spot to effect. Come on now Al Gore must have been working overtime on that one

I swear I seen that same picture about 20 years ago about some starving kids in africa. You figgure by now those Obama kin would get their Krap together.

Heat, drought and famine in Somalia?  Learn something new everyday from these genius scientists.

lots of guns in somalia.trade em for food.idiots.Didn't the bible tell of a drought in egypt 4ooo years ago that lasted 7 years.

Obama is bringing Somalians by the thousands as refugees.They then get seven years of SS benifits and all the public aid they need to live quite comfortably. However...The towns where they have been placed in large numbers feel terrorized. Perhaps that was Obamas plan

nice picture to make us stop driving cars I guess

yesterday the headline read 'man made global warming', today it is just global warmingwell that is better,  Factories and autos did not end the ice age

Their government let them down.

The fact that the warlords in the region are all well fed escapes these global warming zealots.Temps over the last 17 years haven't budged and that's according to the UN's climate chief who has been part of this scam to redistribute money from the well-off countries (are there really any that are well-off anymore since they've squandered it all away) to those who can't produce for themselves.

The more lies you tell, the more people are willing to believe it. I call BS. They have always had a problem feeding themselves and it has nothing to do with any so-call Global Warming! Ya think maybe unrestricted births and overpopulation coupled with lack of organization has anything to do with it?

Great.  Now that you've suggested it the terrorists have backing for what they have probably already told the people.  It isn't THEIR fault, it is the fault of the US and other rich nations.Idiot reporter.  Don't you know this is how evil people justify their actions?

Highly unlikely since Global Warming is a fiction --- but weather patterns to exist and they do run in over 100 year cycles ----

If an area you live in cannot sustain life you need to move to one that can ! ( and stop having babies !!!!! )Funny, Occutards believe that if a cow farts in the field, global warming is imminent.  But, that giant burning orb in sky has absolutely NOTHING to do with it.  Idiots...

And it may have fueled the drought of the 30s that caused the dust bowl in the western USA. DUH&gt;

"Global warming...", starving child...the liberal media is evil.

I am sure that living in a desert does not help much either.

A wise man once screamed..."WHY DON'T YOU MOVE TO WHERE THE FOOD IS.  OH, OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH."

Why not run the headline "Global Warming may not have fueled Somali drought"?  Why, because it wouldn't appeal to the low information voter.

If o'l bammy and aunt esther had a son, he would like like this poor kid!!!!

dont show the picture of that baby and blame it on global warming   STOP  FA KING!!!!

"It is the first time climate change was proven to be partially to blame for such a large humanitarian disaster, an aid group said Friday"This was what was in AP story earlier. Guess if you say it is proven you better Dman well have the evidence to back that statement up! .

Odinga is eating real good. Why don't they take care of their own. They have plenty of money.how much did it cost for them to say "it may have"?  I could have said the same thing with 0 research expense!!!

I still get a kick out of the reporter who asked if the meterorite that exploded over russia was a result of global warming.

more bull*hit being spewed about global warming

Then again, maybe it didn't.

well, it COULD have....or it MIGHT have....or MAYBE it did.....or many THINK it did....

Is global warming ALSO causing them to have more kids than they could possibly feed/take care of?

World wide birth control can solve all these starving populations. Go to any of these countries and you'll see human are like locust. The mow down everything growing and keep having 10 to 20 kids. The earth can't sustain this kind of population growth.

Every summer it globally warms but then in winter it globally cools.........STRANGE HUH?

If I had a son, he would look like.....

maybe Barry can send food stamps....So what is the reason they were starving 20 years ago?  I have seen this going on since I was a child.  Did we have global warming 35 years ago?

Too bad we cannot insert the Face Palm image here.  What causes poverty and famine in Somalia?  Somalis!

I thought the Somali pirates had millions of dollars.  Aren't they helping their starving countrymen?

And, it may not have!Jeez! Now even the "warmers" are "using the poor children" thing, just like Obama, Feinstein, Bloomberg, and all the rest of those with little to no morals.

the term is weather hoax

Or maybe it was the government experimenting with the weather.

Wouldn't you think the millions and millions the "pirates" extricated from the stupidest people in the world (ship owners) -- would be enough to supply the people with some food -- oh that's right -- the mau mau's (pirates) -- kept all of the money --- isn't this the same starving baby photo we have seen for the last thirty years?

Like they have never had drought before in Somali?

May!?!?  You mean they are not certain?  What garbage.  Well, I'm a believer like Al Gorezeera is a believer, yes, that's right; you have to pay me to believe in Global Warming.  So put a little jingle in the plate and pass it around.  Are you feeling the warming now brother?

the blame for this is NOT global warming....there is no such thing. the blame is government and religion. keeping those people ignorant of birth control is deliberate. keeping food from this area is deliberate.Of course, anytime it is hot, global warming is the cause.  It is also the cause of the big snow storms somehow, hurricanes, etc.

How come the article mentions nothing about the expanding circumpolar vortices?? After all, they're the real reason for the aforementioned drought. As the cool air masses at the polar ice caps expand due to the cooling trend currently under way on our planet, the cooler air blocks the warmer moist equatorial air from taking moisture to the sub Saharan area, thus causing the droughts. It's been happening since before the 1970's when it was really discovered and better understood. But by then, the global warming money making machine was already cranking up, and politicians and tree hugger groups latched on to it with their talons and won't let go. So here we are with this incredibly FLAWED theory about global warming with anecdotal evidence so absurd that only idiots, democrats, and liberals, which are pretty much an unholy trinity, would believe it. And they have to push their agenda on us soon, or we'll notice that the earth is in fact NOT warming.Now here's what's gonna happen: a bunch of tree hugging morons will read this post and react violently to it, because I have offended their propaganda gods and have smitten their fear machine in the eyeball with the truth hammer. So let's hear it, libtards. Let me have it!!

I think that gangs, warlords, and just utter chaos had orders of magnitude more to do with the famine than climate change.

America's aid only fattens the powerful and wealthy in Africa

Ridiculous..... N. Africa has been turning into desert for thousands of years now.

The money that the UN distributes will never go to this unfortunate child but the child's  despot leaders will live like kings.....sort of like Obama.

Holy #$%$!  Someone give that kid a cheeseburger or something!

The left keeps using "global warming" to push their agenda of totalitarianism.  Don't believe their lies.

No war has caused the Somali drought!  Destroying farmers fields and shooting farmers and absconding with their food!

Wacko science for big grants and money for that condo in France.  The increase in CO2 was about 1/200 of a percent, the increase in temperature was zero. the real problem is not drought as east Africa has them with some frequency it is War,  You know where the people are shooting at each other and the farmers who grow the food are either dead or running for their lives.The worst thing that ever happened to Africa was the end of colonialism, not that I'm saying it was right.  Africa has been on a downhill side ever since the Europeans left them to their own devices.  What great civilization came from Africa that didn't live on the Mediterranean?

Please stop feeding them and allow natural selection to run its course. You can only sin against nature so long before it finds a way to re-establish an equilibrium.

How about FREE birth control for the Somalis instead of giving it to worthless humans like Sandra Fluck or Fluke or whatever the idiots name is?????

Global warming is the biggest financial fraud in world history.  Every looter &amp; mooch has climbed on this bandwagon...from politicians &amp; "Hollywood Scientists" to grant seeking researchers who deliver the results paid for.  Yahoo reporters are part of the howling mob.

Its been verified over and over again that their has been no increasein global temps in the last 17 years and that most of the research into the issue is either flawed or outright made up. Also while parts of antartica are losing ice other parts are gaining it at the same rate.

It is not Global warming, it is Global Greed.

I am sorry to hear about the deaths but the conditions in Africa are unfortunately not new.  This is another propaganda story put together by those who are trying to generate a reason for their government grants.

You could turn Somalia into something resembling Iowa and they would still manage to starve to death.

People need to take responsibility for not having babies..  I feel real sorry for that little man AKA Starving Marvin.. ( Above Photo)... But it wasn't from Global Warming.. Socialism caused this.....and War....

Sam Kinnison said it long time ago, &amp; its still true today ::MOVE AWAY TO A BETTER PLACE WHERE THERES  FOODThis is nothing.....In a short time, hundreds of millions will die. Since, humans will not control their populations, Mother Nature will, and it will not be pretty.

Of course because it has never been hot there before now.

Ap is as low as you can go with a headlined like that. Global warming ( may ) be responsible.  the press sucks so bad. (  several people killedin katman du over rumors of witchcraft. )   associated press may be responsible.  ( no honor in media, associated press responsible. )

Can they explain the droughts that have been plaguing that part of the world for decades?  For as long as I can remember there have been droughts through out that region.  Their major problem seems more of over population and poor management of their resources.

Overpopulation is causing global warming. But since you aren't willing to address that root cause, then who cares?

According to recent data from the United Nations, the World Bank, and the CIA Databook, Somalia ranks right near the top in terms of birthrates.  Couple that fact with being a poorly developed country in historically unproductive terrain. Global warming might have been a contributing factor, but there are more fundamental problems in this country.

How can something that DOES NOT exist cause a drought????

Here we go again - MAY have fueled a drought.  And, of course, they show the picture of a starving child to get the emotions going and tears flowing.  It would be nice to know where the picture was actually taken, whether there is drought it the area where the picture was taken, and etc.  I taken nothing for granted any more.  Somalia has and will be an arid area that goes through spells like this for years to come.  It is also a place where hunger and starvation is not uncommon and has also been going on for decades.  It seems as if no matter how much money is thrown their way, it doesn't resolve the issues and the war lords manage to rangle the money.

I've always believed that blacks kept having babies in order to increase their welfare checks.  I guess I was wrong since Somalia doesn't have government dependency programs.  I'm left with the conclusion that maybe they're just too p      h      u      c      k      i     n     ' stupid.

CyclesIt's global warming because there have never been droughts in that part of the world before.

they were starving ...BEFORE this drought !!!

Obama is bringing Somalians by the thousands as refugees.They then get seven years of SS benifits and all the public aid they need to live quite comfortably. However...The towns where they have been placed in large numbers feel terrorized. Perhaps that was Obamas plan.

*shaking my head*

"Global warming is man-made, scientists say".. but you really look into it, those scientists are either in arts or philosophy, or political scientists. The real physicists stay away from such statements, and deny this man-made global warming. The climate changes, as it goes through the cycles

It has been a desert for centuries. Biggest reason for food shortages is that the so-called leaders of the countries keep the free food we send to feed the hungry.Global warmists are shameless. Even according to the guys at East Anglia - ground zero for the movement - it hasn't actually warmed overall globally for over 15 years (did you miss that veeeerrrryyy quiet announcement 3 or 4 months ago) That's why its now called climate change.

Sound the alarm! REEEET! The sky is falling! Hug a tree! Save a whale! Buy a Prius! Suckle Al Gore's scrotum! The sky is falling! REEEET!

I think mixing a 30 year old civil war with global warming is a bad idea...we know what caused this famine...they had droughts before, and didn't suffer all these deaths...it's the war

They wore dropping like flies long before the word global warming was ever dreamed up. Every little thing that happens is blamed on global warming. The only thing you have accomplished is desensitizing the people who did believe it in the first place.

And today it's 26 in the Pocono MT's and starting to snow and that is caused by global warming! LOL!!!Another Brit telling the world what to do.....I thought America broke away from England.....Yet they have Piers Morgan telling them how to live.

Oh my God, the media is truly nuts.

What a bunch of bull......

BS! Somalia has been a cess pool for decades.

"may" cause ... REALLY?

Anthropogenic Global Warming it is a psuedo-science. There is not a single scientific paper showing that humans are causing "Global Warming". The  hypothesis does not follow the scientific method and it is non-falsifiable .  The "theory" of Anthropogenic Global Warming therefore has the same scientific credibility as Astrology, Phrenology, homeopathy and ESP.

Al Gore sold out to Al Jazeera, which is backed by oil money.  Go ask him about this.

Right, because there has NEVER been droughts throughout History since oild and gas were used.Liberals are morons

Keep popping out kids you can't feed.  That's brilliant.  When our Government stops being able to pay for Welfare and Food Stamps, American kids will look like this.

May have caused drought? I thought global warming was a sure thing. So, shouldn't it be a given?Real lousy propaganda here. They turn to this nonsense from Somalia- a country mired in a 30 year long period of civil disorder-along with the picture of the starving baby because The Global Warmingists and their media allies are stuck in one of the coldest winters on record throughout the northern hemisphere. Temperatures in East Asia haven't been this low since '86 and North america has experience a prolonged period of sustained cold temperatures. That along with the record cold recorded last year in Europe must leave them really frustrated.

Africa has had droughts for thousands of years, but this one is because of global warming.  How do we explain the other droughts.  These scientific studies have an agenda and the scientists work hard to find what they are looking for.

There wouldn't be any famine had they spent more time cultivating and less time procreating. Zimbabwe used to feed Africa until the blacks took over. Now they're starving too.

What????? We are back to global warming again???? You are not going to bring back Al Gore, are you???I think he is too busy eating and getting fat.

When the Global flooding starts will we all be fat? Fear of weather equals higher taxes for governments. So far the War on drugs and the War poverty haven't worked, why would the war on weather be any different?

Using a pic like that come out of the Obama playbook and is offensive. As a planet or even in every little region on earth, we have always had weather changes that any farmer can tell you about in detail. NOW days we can blame every single quirk to global warming...even earthquakes.

Don't bother going for the obvious reason these people starve to death.  Blame it on the climate gods... how enlightened of you.The fact of the matter is that corrupt leaders created environments where their people starve... not climate change.

that photo of the skinny baby was taken last summer. And it has no explination as to why the kid was skinny

Now AGW proponents have become "deniers" of human history!They've had periodic (with the sunspot cycle) drought in that region for thousands of years, and it will indeed get worse as Africa continues to collide with Eurasia shrinking the Mediterranian. From ancient times Egypt and Ethiopia prepared for these periodic droughts by building grain storage facilities to save grain from years of plenty for use in the famine years.

It seems curious to me that the very people who invest in the belief of a dynamic biosphere and constantly evolving flora and fauna require that the environment in which these changes occur remain static.the terrorists won't allow UN AID to the starving people, but I bet they all got the free food!!!!

I'll send them some bags of pretzels and chips if the want.

Oh sob, sob. It's always about "the children and Global warming". Get a new schtick libs.

If these people would use their brains, they wouldn't be having children that they obviously cannot take care of.  To me, it is a form of child endangerment and the idiot parents should be shot.

Tribal warfare more like it. The APGW crowd and the media, will shamelessly use any tragedy to advance their cause and pick your pocket. Shameless POSs!

if you cannot feed your kids maybe its time to stop having sex?

Who wants to bet that in a few years there will be a year with heavy rains in this area and this study will be forgotten and they will blame Global Warming for causing it to rain to much.

right.  global warming makes people go to war, stop irrigating, and continue in stupidity. great science there.

So the Africans who were sold as slaves actually got the better deal, evidently they don't have food stamps in Africa.

If the people of 3rd would countries would try and make a change instead of babies things might improve!!! They are their own worst enemy, there has to b one smart one in each group!! Education go's a long way,educate them instead of keeping them down for next photo op!!!What do you can a somali in a dinner jacket?Ans:  "an Optimist".Thank you. I'll be here all week. Dont forget to tip your waitress.

...interesting that the YaChoo Reporter didn't come right out and say "It was Caused By THe USA". No, infact they should be blaming China!

Birth control and education are the answers to these conditions.

I'm reminded of Sam Kineson's solution to world hunger.  "See this? It's sand...."

Here's some Koolaid to help wash this story down.

Interesting. Yesterday they were 100% sure it was caused by 'Man Induced Global Warming' per the Headline. Today, same story, but it's not even 'Man Induced' and only may be caused by Global Warming. In my short 40 plus years, it has been my observation that parts of Africa, especially NE Africa, are always in drought, and kids are always starving.

Deforestation and lack of proper land management had nothin to do with it!!!!

And more news global warming is the cause of flooding  somewhere

Until this Africa had never had a drought.  Right?

There is only one solution: cap and tax, right liberals? No single family making less than $250k... Yeah, right. Thanks, Hussein.Ever heard of the Venus effect? The aluminum they are spraying in the air around the world along with the polimar that is causing the little spider webs on the grass, might be causing these droughts. You got to study this stuff to know whats going on...

If you look up the subject the east Africa rains are dependent on a warm la Nino cycle when you have a La Nina cycle with colder waters it rains less and you have drought.    With hotter weather you will get a warmer ocean and more rain.  The weather in east Africa for the last 3000 years has been severe droughts alternating with rainy periods all of which occurred when a lot less  CO2 was in the atmosphere. This whole study and article are just junk science done for the bucks from the green crowd.

I was going to question wether "global warming" was responsible for the drought in Somali, but then I saw the picture of the starving little child. Then I knew global warming WAS responsible. Thanks Yahoo for clearing that up for me.

Seen those pics many times and years and years before EPA was even created.

Soooo,  the article also says "global warming" may have had nothing at all to do with a drought in Somalia.  The word "may" cuts both ways.  It also means "may not".

There are Warehouses FULL of Food in Somilia ...controlled by the War Lords given to their followers ...go ahead send them some more money you stupid people !

yeah right. and if you can't feed yourself -DON'T HAVE KIDS

any talk of   "global warming" is so tied to radical communist kooks that the general public won't listen to it.   There may be warming over the past 100000 years that has caused Somalia to become a desert... but my SUV did not cause it...  neither did the use of oil and coal in the world.

Sam Kinison was right. Food doesn't grow in the desert. Move!!!!!!!!!!

Even if they had rain the people would still starve.  Since less than 2% of their country can be used as farmland.What was it that Bob Barker always said at the end of "The Price is Right"  "Spay and Neuter" Over population is the main cause (except for their main cause) their Government. The United States sends moiney and food to these countries and the only ones that benefit from it  are their leaders. Maybe  Congress should send a envoy along with the money and food to make sure the right people receive it.

Another "global warming" lie from AP.  Of course the 50 year old Somali drought is our fault.  After all..., isn't everything bad in this world the fault of the USA and "the west"?

Please do you think anyone believes this #$%$

forgive me for speaking but how can you have a drought in an desert. we saw the helicopter scene in black hawk down and the country was a desert. the population historically were fishermen. how can you have a drought in the sea?

dont the Somali warlord steal all the food and ten sell it to buy guns? how can global warming starve a kid when he has a warlord

Yeah, and "global warming" also caused the flat tire I got last week. But I'm not complaining.

What about America and our problems-global warming?

Holy cow that looks like the Great Gazoo form the Flintstones only in another color.........

BS from the dems caused the drought in Somalia...

HEADLINE: "Global warming may have fueled Somali drought", then again it might not have!Somalia has had one drought after another as long as I can remember.  Suddenly the one in 2011 is different?

yeh right.... global warming started a 200 year old drought in the dessert!

Instead of reasons like climate change and political conditions, how about looking at the basic reason why this became such a disaster? They were simply not ready to cope with the famine.

You live in the desert, move, as sam kinnison said dont send them food send them uhauls....but on a serious note, until the people their decide to unite and form a united front and government there will never be any good news from africa...the same as the middle east.

Bull. This is an attempt to deflect the criticism that the proposed left wing science to cut emissions will cost more deaths in Africa than global warming will cause.

Global warming huh? So this is the first drought the've ever had? Anything to fuel the lie! The warming cooling cycle is normal and its been proven by history but facts cant give you power over the common man legislation can.

More fear mongering from the minions...

Ah who cares about the babies did you see those poor elephants that were killed. Liberal logic

As long as I've been alive people have been starving in Somalia.  So there must have been "global warming" 60 years ago.

face palmThis has been going on over there for as long i can remember and thats over 40 years so how is global warming the problem. You can't grow food in the desert and it seldom rains its not global warming its the DESERT dumb #$%$.

God forgive us for looking the other way while these things happen, and continuing to do so once we go about our day.  We've not done a very good job continuing your work.  We've done far better of building our own temples of gold, embroidered with Starbucks, and hiding from our shame found in the eyes of these poor children.  Forgive us for proving those who condemn us right, and humble us to see how we have strayed.

Why are you having children?? #$%$ is wrong with you?? Who would bring children into such poverty?? For sex??

Please God,,,help little ones like the one in the picture!   It is not  that child's fault it had parents too stupid to prevent pregnancy and brought it into the world to evidently starve to death and suffer while doing it.   Please, and by the same token there are homeless in America starving too.

“The moment a person forms a theory, his imagination sees in every object only the traits which favor that theory.” Thomas Jefferson. Take heed believers, this brilliant man was talking about you.

My heart has been broken after seeing this.  The amount of "power" and money the "elite" have and this child is suffering?  If the world leaders would spend more time trying to save the world and not destroying it via:  Bilderberg, Agenda 21, NSA, CIA, sponsored Al Qaeda terrorism, et al, then images like this would not exist.  If they truly wanted to eliminate this kind of pain it would be done.  I guess all the material and physical items are more important than your soul.  May God grant peace and comfort to all those like this child.  I am so sick of the evil that has manifested itself in the world.  Time to stand up for what is right.

OH it must be warming the little african is starving !   nothing like shock value !

And you want to bring a child into this evil satanic B.S hellish world. I will pray for your child!

So the drought and famine of 20 years ago was caused by what? And all the prior droughts and famines that have plagued this region of the world throughout history were caused by what?

LOL How can something that doesn't exist have any effect of something that DOES exist?That baby looks like one of the aliens from "Mars Attacks!" Or even the "gray alien" from the alien autopsy hoax video.You can blame global warming, or global cooling, or locust plagues or WHATEVER.  There have ALWAYS been famines and droughts and floods and areas with extreme climates and rampant poverty are most vulnerable...it was true in the 1880s, the 1980s, and now.  This isn't saying that the planet isn't warming...it's warmed and cooled before without human intervention. But the problem here ISN'T what the earth is doing, it's what certain humans are doing to DENY AID to their fellow men when the food is almost literally waiting at the door.  I'm a Christian, but no matter what Higher Power you believe in, I can't imagine how you think you're chalking up any eternal brownie points for blocking or stealing food intended for the starving.

My car wouldn't start this morning. After extensive research, we feel that global warming caused this.

And of course direct action means sending money to Oxfam. Climate change is a rattling tin cup for NGO's.

So let me get this straight - the parents are vibrant and healthy enough to have SEX while their babies starve to death.  What the hell?!!?!??

Another windfall from the anthropogenic global warming campaign for the multi-nationals are the proposed international limits on CO2 emmissions which would effectively tie the hands of the saturated Western developed markets while providing an edge to the exempted third-world nations making it easier for the multi-nationals to expand operations and sales into those future rich markets .

'May' have contributed? Which means it 'may not' have contributed as well.

Maybe instead of war countries should send out the army to protect the food and supplies intended to help these people instead of it being diverted to warlords and dictators who then turn around and tell these same people nobody is helping them because the world doesn't care.

the population will come back, average girl of 15 has already had 4-5 kids, but then again they are mostly catholic that ban birth control. Obama will give them $ 2 billion for food that will be taken by the Islamist. thats what Obama does arms and feeds islamist.

MISS THIS PART???Ethiopia and Kenya were also affected by the lack of rains in 2011, but aid agencies were able to work more easily in those countries than in war-ravaged Somalia, where the al-Qaida-linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab refused to allow food aid into the wide areas under its control.

Yes Yes Yes  lets send them billions.  Or at least send them Al Gore.Oh please - do not come to Canada

Send condoms and stop having children

Or it could be the result of 30 years of never ending civil war where a warlord or a Muslim steals all the humanitarian aid (including food) supplied by the world and sells it on the black market rather than give it to his people...

Floods-droughts, heat-cold, to many-to few hurricanes, a lot of snow-a little snow, tornados or just a few tornados, cold winter-warm winter, cold summer-hot summer.  Amazing now how the global warming wacko now connect global warming to every possible weather phenomenon.

Obama what you guys waiting for....send some aids; make sure our pistolas/guns are not included w/the shipments?

Ya, and after the evolution monkey grew up and caused "global warming," he and the easter bunny took Mrs. Santa Clause to the abortion factory to have a gay wedding with the tooth fairy!

If green house gases are trapping heat, why do we keep cooling off at night and continue to freeze our butts off in the winter?

Of course the corupt Somalian government steals food that the reset of the wold provides and sells it to the open markets.  Alot of piracy going on, it is a true hell hole.

Courtesy of Hussein our babies will soon look the same.

A two year study of the climate and they have concluded all this to global warming. I bet if real research were done that country has had a hell of alot of droughts over the years. How about the Somali government feed there people and introduce birth control.This AP article downplayed Islamic extremist group al-Shabab and local government corruption/violence as the major factor in the famine.  Choosing rather to focus on the drought and it possible links to global warming.  Gotta love agenda-driven news reporting.

Sounds like a job for Bono.

May, might, could?  This warrants a headline?  PFFFT !

Bullschidt

And then again, global warming may NOT have fuel Somali drought.  What climate scientists are saying is "Hey, if we just get more funding, we might find some more stuff."  Because let's face it, if they find nothing, the money spigot turns off.

You live in the desert and you're in a drought....make perfect sense.

Famines were a fact of life throughout human history and down into the mid-20th century -- they stopped because of technological and political change, not climate.  Somalia happens to have a technological and political profile more typical of 1013 AD than 2013.

The drought started about 5000 years ago in that region.  I wonder what the liberal media blamed it on back then?

They never had droughts before corrupt scientists and crooked politicians found out that they could use the weather to get a bunch of really stupid people to send them trainloads of money.

Mean while in UK ... they are whining, b"tch"ng and crying over beef tainted with horse meatThe first thing they should send these people is about 500 million Condoms and booklets with how to use them photos.....we have no water..no gainful employment..no money for food..no education...let's have another 3 or 4 kids..!

Are they chiding Americans. All that pirate hostage money could buy them an iceberg !

I have thought of this child all day................

Somalia stays in a drought. The warlords get fed and the people do not. The United States has been Somalia's largest financial supporter, much of it in the form of humanitarian assistance.The United States is devoting  $20 million of humanitarian aid.Where is it really going?

Sometimes an article is so bad it almost defines comment.  At least the headline used the word "may".   The author ignores the fact that Somalia is a violent, lawless country ruled by feuding warlords.  The author ignores the fact that no private investment has occured in Somalia due to the instability of the region.  The author ignores the fact that families can have their belongings seized by the warlord thugs at any time.  No, none of these are contributing factors but the possibility that man-made global warming is the cause of these peoples problems must be considered a plausible explanation.  Did the author or the Met office ever consider investigating whether a famine has occured in this region or any other region of the world in the past 2000 years that might, just might, have been due to natural variations in the Earth's climate?

The key word being "may have" ... it also "may have" been aliens, or purple unicorns.  I'm sure the natural drought, and the local warlords had nothing to do with the current situation (sarcasm included).

Droughts and famines have happened in recorded history before the industrial revolution.  While technically correct that it Climate Change "may" have caused this drought, it is also possible that it had nothing to do with it at all.  From what I understand, El Nino and La Nina weather cycles are natural occurences that start with activity from the Sun.  Perhaps climatic change may exagerrate the effects, and perhaps not.

Global Corruption,greed and no human values..that is the problem !

Very sad !!

The real cause of the starvation is that refugees have been pushed out of areas that could sustain them into poorer places. The extra population, and their livestock have overutilized the habitat. Even if they had good rain, which has been historically undependable, the area cannot support the current population.The article should be titled: 'War Ravaged Somalia Caused Human Suffering'  This is so heartbreaking - Global Warming fueled by media!

we send them food. the adults get just healthy enough to have sex and make more babies then we send them food. the adults get just healthy enough to have sex and make more babiessomewhere this cycle needs broken either quit sending food or send them birth control

Yes, global warming causes everything.  Surely the muslim war had nothing to do with starvation.

Any possibility that some of you genius's overlooked the disturbing socialogical patterns of Somalia, in which one stupid-az tribe runs the other stupid-az tribe out into the desert to deliberately starve them to death?anybody remember the Biafra Publicity Stunt back in the 70s??

sex and famin do NOT go together

Lord please bless the poor child in the photo!

I would think that the chief lamb and cattle areas would have higher greenhouse gas counts due to the methane produced by the animals. And therefore; the droughts would happening there as well. There would be a permanent drought over Washington DC due to the constant hot air and general pile of B S that is dumped there continuously. It was nice to mention that the aid workers in Ethiopia and Kenya could deliver aid because of the lack of the religion of peace followers there.

I am sick of this! The key word here is "may"! There are factions that want to blame all of the world's problems on the industrialized community.Could a corrupt government cause the population to starve? You bet it can. America is headed down the same road if we do not expel the Marxists in the next election.

I'm going to have nightmares of that kid in the picture all weekend now!!!

Apparently the Climate Change people don't really understand causality.The AGW scare is falling apart, so warmists now stoop to using emotional pictures of starving infants, who are more likely to be malnourished because of some Utopian dictator forcing their families onto marginal land.

I don't feel bad for these dying children. The poor of the third world countries should be forced sterilized.

having children in a enviroment so unsafe is a crime ,about mandatory birth control ,look at China.

Jesus FN christ was not expecting that pic

Obama, Yes this is hard to see,  WE HAVE PROBLEMS HERE,  We do not need another cause.  Keep out it.....

We know that Obama caused Global Warming....with as much hot air and BS as this guy has put out in the last four years, we're lucky the ice caps remain frozen in the Winter months!

You think that the fact that these people do not have food to eat and is starving have anything to do with the rising death and hunger? Do we have to make political hay of everything instead of just feeding people?

African nations have been sufferring droughts forever!  Why is it that every other nation on Earth is able to get through their drought and flooding issues on their own.  However, when it comes to Africa, they can't mitigate ANY of their own problems.  It is ALWAYS the "1st World's"  fault!  I am for helping Somalia but only if they round up all of their pirates and execute them!

There was a drought, the reason there was MISERY was because of the Islamist's. Flat out plain and simple. Right next door Ethiopia, no starvation, no Islamist's in power..

Follow the money fools!  Gore and his fellow illiberal locusts of the left are cashing in on the ignorance of the masses and the greed in the psudo-scientific community.Instead of exploiting those starving and dying in Somalia to further a political agenda, how about an article explaining what's going on, and how we can help. Because driving a Chevy Volt is NOT gonna help them, even if it makes rich liberals feel good about themselves.

This story says that drought conditions are worse because extremist Muslims wont allow any help to come into the area-the headline doesn't note any of that-READ THE STORY.

Oh my God stop it with Global Warming!  It causes droughts, it causes floods, it causes less snow, it causes more snow, etc... It's so predictable - any weather-related tragedy strikes and you can bet that the Global Warming crowd will have something to say.Instead of exploiting those starving and dying in Somalia to further a political agenda, how about an article explaining what's going on, and how we can help.  Because driving a Chevy Volt is NOT gonna help them, even if it makes rich liberals feel good about themselves.

The Spaceship Enterprise and the Comet Pan-Starrs is actually responsible for the tipping the earth closer to the sun. A shift in sea turtles to the pacific ocean from the atlantic also contributed. That is my theory of Global Warming. It's at least as good as theirs.

FREE  BIRTH  CONTROL ... is needed all over the world.   It is a SIN that we let these innocent babes be born into a life of famine, illness and then a suffering DEATH at such a young age.  Evidently, the world cannot feed them properly.  Nor, can the world provide healthcare for these innocent precious children.  FREE  BIRTH  CONTROL ... will at least give everyone a chance to plan their lives, somewhat.  This problem is gigantic.  FREE  BIRTH  CONTROL , for now, is the best solution

Al Gore has scammed tens of millions of dollars from useful idiots, surely he can spare a few million to feed the starving black babies. Oh, that's right, Al Gore only jets around to the finer places on planet earth where he can shame others into contributing to his favorite charity, Al Gore.

The Warmers and the Liberals have now resorted to shamelessly using starving black babies to guilt manipulate the white West into paying big $$ to the Warmers and their Liberal masters. Sadly, this child means nothing to them, but all that money does!!!

Sorry, why I feel the our guns being laundred this way?

ET phone home.

1974 global cooling1984 global warming2004 global change2013 weather causes AIDS, cancer, burned steaks and chicken on the bbq,  and it is ALL George Bush's fault even if identical conditions prevailed 3 million years ago...yawn...That's it Yahoo. Show a starving kid to get your Hitler agenda across this warming #$%$. You people are the cause of all of the hunger over there. How? Corn add to fuel. Caused by this global warming #$%$. Making everything high from food to fuel.

So yahoo if your are soooo frikken concerned, shut down your facilities and all related activity around the world.  The pollution from coal fuel used by you alone to sustain your lying propaganda machine in in the billions of tons.  Until all the yahoo hypocrites are vegan, walking, and doing everything else they think everyone BUT them should be doing, they are nothing but another pack of lying, self righteous scrutinizing hypocrites who do nothing but circlejerk each other and brag what saints they are, while everyone else knows the are fools, liars and losers.

Is this story from the same British scientists that were deliberately manipulating climate data?

Draughts come and go, I remember severe draughts  back in the fifties, was that Global warming?

No, global warming didn't do that to that starving child! .... warlords did that to that child. The world sends billions of dollars in grains and food to that region of the world only to be stolen by the warlords!

Yeah, which model predicted that?  And then how badly did it fail in every other regard?

Whether or not one thinks negatively about these circumstances, let's remember these are human beings.  People's mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, and children are starving to death.  Where is our compassion for others who are dying?

First of all that photo makes me sick. To many times do I see pictures from that area showing children in this condition. Why do the parents always look so much better? I for one would NEVER let my child get to that point before me. I know there are adults in the same condition but so often the parents look good while the children look like the one in the picture. Sickening!Second. If the UN can not do something about this what the heck are they good for???? Tons of aid flows into this region yet children are starving while war lords are living it up. UN needs to get off their a%*es and take care of this.

I remember pictures like this from the 70's before the whole manmade global warming push from these greedy liberals like Al Gore. This picture is just a tool to push their agenda. How about they help this poor child instead of using him to make more money?

maybe we can blame the deficit, unemployment and mass killings on global warming too.Dear citizens of 3rd world countries, If you can not feed you'r children, STOP BREEDING!!!!

ET phone home.

Global warming has already been exposed as a hoax...

.........and they continue bringing children into their world !

Global warming it's always the bad guy that will be blamed, because you can not prove or disprove this event,Could it also be the people themselves with out the knowledge to do better and stop having children they can not care for are the prob also.Did you also know that powerful countries not far from that region have the capability of changing the weather patterns,and can screw up areas of there choice.It's not Global warming!!!

Global warming. Lack of modern infrastructure. Corruption. War lords. Absolutely no government infrastructure. Rampant HIV leaving orphaned children to farm on their own. A depressed economy. Poverty. In other words, what doesn't cause a famine in Africa?

So Global warming can target a country or is it the work of Doctor Evil? The one thing they have in common is both are Fictional.

I cannogt believe these global warming groups are using these starving kids for their agenda. this is bad that they would STOOP SO LOW TO THIS!

Global warming has be de-bunked and interest is waning!  Record cool temps in Asia and the South pole, etc!  Get this BS outta' here !

Buy them friggin' bus tickets and tell them to move where there's water.  This craziness has been going on since I was a kid and I cannot in good conscience support people who won't help themselves by simply moving away from areas that will always be this way. No food or water any sensible person wouldn't stay but they do.  They don't need support.  They need a psychiatrist.  50 to 100 thousand died.  Wouldn't that tell you that maybe you should leave?  Duh.....Global warming may have ? Yearly precipitation known as the short rains failed in late 2010 because of the natural effects of the weather pattern La Nina ?  But the new research doesn't mean global warming directly caused those deaths ? Climate change is increasing humanitarian needs ?  It really depends on which scientist you talk to. Weather over the last 50 plus years has been constantly changing and will always be constantly changing. Although weather forecasting has improved can you trust a forecast more than two days ahead, no ! There have, as long as I can remember, 56 + years, been famines in Africa. Children starving ? I have seen photos like this since I was a kid. There is one thing for sure, politicians will alter any facts to reflect what they want people to hear. With billions and trillions disappearing from the treasury, politicians continue to be greedy on a massive scale. 16.7 Trillion debt and rising fast, USA, Beware !

Yahoo why do you put this Gibberish up ? 1 in 5 believe in Global Warming the Rest Know it is NATURE ...has been will Be !

Africans starve because of bad political leadership that liberals always protect so that they can blame white people.

The people there need to stop having sex and making babies they cant feed !

What caused the drought during the coming Ice Age of the 1970s?

I remeber seeing pictures like that for 50 years.  It is an arid area with less than 2 percent of the land suitable for crops.  Most of the country lives like they did hundreds of years ago.  Notice how they put "may" in the article when blaming global warming.  This way they can keep the funding coming in to study that Somalia is still hot and dry,  just like it always has been for thousands of years.

I'm sorry for the deaths. But, if you can not feed your own children, then stop having them. why should any other country support you when you choose to continue to have more babies?

I seem to recall a lot of sub-Saharan/south African nations were on the list of "save the children" programs due to drought when I was a kid in the 60s. Starving kids in Ethipia/Eritrea/whatever Muslim name they go by now. If it hasn't been fixed in 50 years, why keep throwing US tax dollars and citizen donations at it? Send them food, not money.

This is yahoo for ya it lies liberal news.

Give me a break with global warming.  Its a desert country so I guess we should all feel responsible for what goes on in a crime ridden area too busy to take care of themselves due to all the kidnappings, hijackings, and wars?I'd love it if warming was the cause of drought.  Reason being, summer is on its way and all that warming should cause severe drought and famine which could starve out the AGW loonies.  One can dream I guess.

drought is a death sentence, but that is called life. dodging bullets while trying to farm or live is not a choice of nature.

I thought it was all the hot air coming from the UN that caused it.

Global Warming is the biggest "HOAX".   Bunch of Junk Science.   There are no absolute evidences of anything.   Weather/Climate changes are part of Mother-Nature.   Also, Al Gore is the biggest phony Global Warming Supporter.   He lives in a 25,000+ square foot home in California (wonder how much his home spew out the CO2) and just sold his Tru-TV NetWork to Al-Jaeri TV for 100+ million dollars.

If it weren't for the rest of the world pouring in food packages, Africa would be only sparsely populated.

Are these some of the same scientist that sent the e-mails admitting to using false data to come up with the global warming hoax??

Islamist extremism again at work bringing love and compassion to Somalia.

Yahoo why do you continue to post articles that include science on the US News site?It is a waste of time.

Couldn't the headline just as easily have read..."Global warming may NOT have fueled Somali drought".

OBJECTIVE OF LEFT MEDIA - convince YOU to give more power and money to POLITICIANS to fight fake global warming.The sky is falling--the sky is falling-----People were starving to death 5,000 years ago.The yahoo left at their best again.  The ice age ended 10,000 years ago, was not caused by hunter gathers.     How I hate the left wing progressives!

So it really wasn't the global warming that caused the starvation it was "the al-Qaida-linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab refused to allow food aid into the wide areas under its control." That was the cause of all those deaths!!!!!

What ever ! Global warming or better said carbon tax ! What ever it takes to get people to beleve this nonsence to start charging people for carbon tax ! Yahoo should be ashamed for trying this one

The picture of that kid did it for me... I now believe in global warming and who do I send the check to....... snif snif

Again... more 'man made global warming' B -S.. the key words are " Global warming may have ..."  Translation for the uninformed..." we haven't a clue but this does support our political agenda..."

another article of supposdly from the educated clowns of public money dependence.

if you live in the middle of a desert and you are starving ....why... why .... why... would you want to reproduce....

Nice story to support the global warming theory.  Why not show this before millions died?  All the money in this world wasted on killing people.  We could have sent plenty of food ourselves instead of sending it to our enemies who want to kill us.  All the billions the U.N., charities, etc. have and they couldn't help?  However, we know that the money goes to the leaders of the country who are always well fed and live in luxury.  Sometimes you cannot save people from those who are supposed to be watching out for them..Just like in the US our leader is living itup in luxury in the White House with everything paid for by the people.  He and Michelle are having a taxpayer paid celebrity studded event for her 50th birthday while millions of Americans are jobless and on food stamps.  Global warming, indeed.

Famine in Africa has been going on for years. To blame it on Global warming is ludicrous.

Good lord that picture is disturbing. To think so few have so much and so many have so little. The USA ain't perfect by no means but its still the best place to be. Will be much better after the next election. Would the republicans PLEASE get a good canidate for the next election .PLEASE!C'mon conservatards, tell them that their famine is also Al Gore's fantasy.

ha ha ha ha ha lmao.

Lets see, Itsvery dusty, dry, nothihgs growing, and nobody has anything to eat.   Sounds like a drout to me.  Now.  Have any of you starving people ever considered moving to where food is?    I kknow over the years that the U.S. has sent tons of food over there, but did they get it or did the powers to be get it and sell it?  If indeed that is the case. Move to where you can raise food.

There is no such thing as global warming there are climate cycles that are a normal part of the earth.My question is why would you continue to produce children when you know there is no food for them?It's simple to refrain from what produces children but yet they just keep dropping them year after year.

Let's send aid to Somalia so we can be hit with a large per-ship docking fee, like last time. Then pay it so we can feed those poor, starving pirates.

If the Somali government didn't steal all of the food donated through the UN and give it to their troops, then the people wouldn't be starving.Global weather cycles have nothing to do with it.

How about this, we offer food aid to every baby who's father agrees to see Dr. Snippy?

'May have' fueled the drought. Also 'may have' contributed to the end of Twinkies, 'may have' sunk the Titanic, 'may have' caused the Wall Street crash. 'May have' is garbage. May have is code for 'donation seeking NGO's using alarmist stories to shake down the public for cash'.

The planet is fine...the PEOPLE are fugged! - George Carlin

thats a nice picture for fat people all around the globe who complain cause theres not enough ketchup on their fries.Or it may not have....brilliant reporting Yahoo

they need the ru486 pill in their drinking water !

So, was the U.S. drought in the 30's caused by global warming also? No, because weather phenomena happens, always has, always will. Africa might be the wealthiest continent on earth as far as natural resources go, yet it's the poorest because of all it's societal ills. Global warming didn't cause that.

How could global warming be the cause of a drought when everyone's been screaming that global warming doesn't exist?

Key word: "MAY" not sure, perhaps, it sounds good, keep up the scare.  What caused the Sahara?  Oh, too many cars and factories thousands of years ago.

There have been  warehouses  of grain turned down because they supposedly were GM-They arent that damn hungry-Enough already-We have been sending aid to these people for decades -When are they going to start helping themselves?As long as they know that a hand out  is coming probably never...

"because of the natural effects of the weather pattern La Nina" HUH??? Natural on one hand and on the other........I blame overpopulation from natural overpopulation for the famine.

Not to be cynical here but dont have children that you cant feed-

They live in a freaking desert and always has been a desert since man first set foot there.  What do you expect and short of moving them elsewhere, what can you seriously do about it?

They always show a picture of a kid dying never one of the #$%$ warlords and Muslim terrorists that have all the food they can want the so called charities are just trying to get hundreds of millions more to feed this country The food they give never gets to the people only to the one that run the country Stop breedingThis is simply the good Lord's way of thinning the herd. Nothing to get excited about.

Why is it that we never see images like this from Sweeden, or India, or even China?  It's ALWAYS Africa that cannot take care of its own people ... ALWAYS!

The Horn of Africa is a notoriously drought-prone region. Been that way as long as recorded history.

How stupid can articles get?  Somalia has been drought ravaged for 1000 years.  OTOH, the kid in the cover pic looks just like Obama's son, if he had one.

Future Al Queda operative.   We have about 5 billion too many people already, so this baby gets to pay the price for his father's libido.

Says who?Until people in the United States start dropping dead from Global Warming, it does not exist.And lets be honest, people in Africa have always been prone to dying. So lets not blame it on Global Warming or climate change.

Slash and burn farming along with endless conflicts created this. Thirty years of fudging the numbers??? Remember ClimateGate-google it. This article is based on faked(fudged) science

Millions of years ago the sahara was a lush green forest.  I guess you are going to say global warming (MAN)  caused it's change that time also??  The earth has been changing since it was formed.  Millions of years before man.  Now these fanatics are saying "MAN IS CHANGING EVERYTHING"!  Oh yeah and show a starving baby!!  That's really nice!

global warming does not exist

I couldn't be that there is no concept of birth control in a nation trying to survive on sand and salt water could it. We have food for 8 million, okay everyone have 10 babies, Morons!It because of dihydrogen monoxide it accounts for over half of the green house effect but you will never here anything about it because they dont think its a problem.

Theres no such thing as global warming ! Its called tax on carbon !

If governments are too timid to wipe out Somalia, then God will do it.

As you read the article it becomes apparent that these people died not because of global warming but because of the  Muslims killing Christians.

First of all, Somalia is already in a desert.Second, they have no government, so they have no infrastructure and no one to maintain things like reservoirs and waterlines.This is what no government looks like people, ain't that nice huh?

How about some birth control? If we cant feed them and dont want to help them at least prevent the woman from getting pregnant to begin with. The picture does not make me sad, it just make's me mad. Put it in the food and airdrop it.

Let me guess: The next one Angelina Jolie is adopting.

I feel for the child and their conditions, however.......Why are they still having children????  Why haven't they learned that their government is corrupt... We can help only so much, but they have got to take action themselves........Sad thing is....If we continue to let our government officials run the US into the ground (like they have been doing)....Then this is what the USA will look like in the not to distance future......Want this to happen....NO...then do something about it and get these idiots out of DC NOW......

Just because you want to believe it ain't so doesn't make it true.  Keep piling up other explanations until it's too late.  Food prices went up here because higher temperatures and drought killed off a significant part of the Midwest corn crop, Sandy, record temperatures -- especially in the Southwest, unprecedented numbers of wildfires... that's just in the U.S.  Denial ain't just a river in Egypt.

This must be Bush's fault. Maybe Halliburton's too.Yeah because before the advent of the car Somalia was awash with rain clouds (no pun intended)...Exactly how stupid do they think people are...wait, don't answer that!

So what are we going to do about it all walk to work? Grow our own food? No. So shut the 'F' up!

Google be4thefire full presentation.. a eye opener to say the least

You think there is starvation now just wait and see how CO2 taxation punishes the poor. One of their cows fart and it's taxed. Need fuel for the schools generator it's taxed. Sending rice and wheat to a famine stricken Nation it's taxed. Al Gorbachev meanwhile is in the 1%er club and just prints enough carbon offset credit to live like a Royal Mogul in a Palace and flies around in 747's with a staff of 10 to massage his hockey stick. This fraud is evil to the core.

The discovery of Africa may have caused Somalia's drought. Until people moved there, and warlords took over it was lush and green.

So what caused it in the 70's? Some one needs to inform Sally Struthers.

Africa has droughts all the time.  The sad part is africa also has lots of water and other resources. It suffers mostly from lack of development of its resources. Tribal warfare and warlords just prove that Africa is mostly uncivilized.

Anyone else notice those who love Big Oil the most deny global climate change the most?

I'm sorry. I don't care! We tried to help these people once and all it did was get good American service people killed. Remember "Black Hawk Down". I say to hell with them.

May have is the key phrase. And get with the update its not global warming its climate change. Damn wish they would make up their minds.that is a picture of o'l bammys brother, now all can see how greedy and selfish o'l bammy is, he even willing to knock off and starve his lil bro out!!!!! His bro been in that pic over 20 years,old scam pic, change/update pic!!!!

If the picture with the article depicts global warming, a picture of the typical Walmart customer in America proves global cooling!!!

The only hope in this poor childs life is that one day he too could become President of the United States

It's Somalia.  Who cares?

If  you don't want your children to starve; don't have children you can't afford to feed. It's as simple as that!

I will not be sending donations to a country where the men don't understand "not tonight honey - I and your children have not eaten in ten days."

That poor baby doesn't even look real.  Nobody should ever be hungry like that.  I'm sure the government there gets their fill to eat.

If ever there was a group of people who should be neutered this is it. If you can't care for a child you should never make one. Shame on that poor, poor baby's parents.

Wacko Warmists are at it again. Droughts or flooding, warmists claim are because of global warming. Same now of a 2 year drought in a small area of Africa.Africa has a very long history of droughts, all part of weather history of Africa, not a 10 year dumb global warming claim by warmists.There was already strong evidence for an abrupt drought in Africa around 16,500 years ago, linked to changes in the Earth's climate. The researchers wanted to understand the region's subsequent climate history, including finding any evidence for a dry period around 4200 years ago, when the Egyptian Old Kingdom declined.All this before warmists were born.

is that another one of bamas neglected relatives while muchell goes on another extravagant outingLet me see having 6 children when you can't feed 1 is not the problem.Maybe they would do a little better if they spent their time growing food instead of mating like dogs??

It's not global warming you idiots!

Wow, can't feed your kid but "let's have sex tonight and make another one honey!"The men should be SHOT!

another article of bs, from the progressive liberal delusional. could be, may be, might be, or just plain supposdely?

They should move where the food and water is.

It wouldn't be a normal Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday or Sunday if Yahoo was busy finding trying to find articles that try to "prove" global warming.  Read the literature, no warming over the last 16 years.  You "warmists" need to find a new cause.

You had me up until Global Warming.After that, I pretty much ignored the rest of the post.Rest assured, right now, somewhere in the world Al Gore is flying around on his jumbo jet mansion laughing at us while looking through the window on his flying fortress.

Send Al Gore over and I hope he dosen't come back.

Now i know forsure that yahoo is goverment controlled !  the goverment wants so bad to start taxing carbon that there going to try and say this baby is like it is becouse of global warming ! This is about the werst atempt iv ever seen for oboma to get money

I will give billions to the muslim brotherhood in tanks planes and taxpaters money, but I will not dig a well for irrigation and good drinking water.. Anyone else see something wrong with bozos thought process and that faux peace prize?Typical  AP Leftist propaganda.

Ok, We have T/V evangelist claiming to be drilling water wells for them for the past 15 years &amp; your 50 dollars a month , others send food &amp; grain for 50 dollars a month &amp; Nothing ever changes....I could take the picture for this story &amp; make millions if I didnt have a heart,- sorry there is jerks using starving people for their own selfish lust

If Obamo had a son...here he is..

What a ton of Bull S h &amp; ^.

Global warming is not real. I am tired of the what if's and may have's..

See the picture of the starving child? If Obama gave up just one tax payer funded golf trip, he could save that little child. It would be mighty liberal of him, or maybe not.

Those countries have been bone dry for years.  The people there should migrate away from those areas, or just stop breeding.  Why on Earth would you bring a baby into the world fully knowing the conditions it will have to endure?

Ever notice that the adults never seem to be as staved as their children are?

Cant feed em,but can still have em.

I look at this child, and then the comments about who's at fault, and am astounded. This child was born into a world that does not care for it. It is helpless, and we are not, and we allow this. Each and every one of us allows this. And I dont fault the mother for having the child, or the Warlords who facilitate the poor conditions, or the U.N. for not making sure the donated monies get into the right hands......or the global warming caused by US/NATURAL CYCLES OF EARTH. I dont fault any of these because this child isn't saved by any of that. THIS child, and those like him, are on my front door as far as I'm concerned. Sitting in all of our homes looking at us, waiting to be helped. And as a society, a species, a 'civilization' (ha!), our standing here with our arms crossed tossing blame bombs are the equivalent of Nero fiddling while Rome burns.One day, as a species, we will destroy ourselves. And eventually, another king will rule the earth. One that treats it better, and treats its fellow inhabitants better. And they will view us like we view cavemen. As Nietzsche said, "The disappointed one speaks. I searched for great human beings; I always found only the apes of their ideals"Well, this area of the world should not support such a large population. Food-aid has been given since the 1950s and nothing has improved. As the climate changes, animals must adapt, and that includes humans. Don't live where it's impossible  feed yourself.

over population communist revolution. ddt being outlawed when the study used to ban it was found to be flawed but yeah i'm sure that making gasoline cost $10 a gallon will cure this about as effective as jumping dancing and smoking peyote around a campfire. yet another redistribution of wealth scam

Here's an idea.... If you can't feed yourself, you shouldn't have 5 kids.In nature, that i sthe way it works.

I'm so sick of hearing about global warming...what was the period of time called just following the last Ice Age??? Was that global warming??? I'm glad there's a bit of  global cooling this weekend so I can enjoy my ski trip...

I may have won a billion dollars, I may have tighted up a pretty little thing.

dam and if you look at all the garbage that runs the country they all look like fat pigs

Just an excuse to control the foolish gullible saps

They need birth control over there.

Maybe a lack of rain caused the drought. It's cyclical.

Come on now.  Drought, global warming, floods, global warming, blizzards, global warming, heavey snows, global warming.  Why don't the mention who is running the goverment in the areas denying these people food.  The goverment won't even let the food into them that is sent from charity.  This has been going on for fifty years or longer.  These people are forced from their home to live in the desert.  No freedoms or anyway to defend themselves.  That's the truth.The world today has 6.8 billion people... that's headed up to about 9 billion. Now if we do a really great job on new vaccines, health care, reproductive health services, we could lower that by perhaps 10 or 15 percent. - Bill Gates

So I guess next we will find out glabal warming contributed to the dust bowl.

Or it could be that its africa and droughts happen frequently

Thousands of people die from famine, yet they still manager to reproduce children they cannot feed.  I feel sorry for the children that are born over there, not the idiotic adults who have no sense.

Get used to more and more of this, including wars over water

Horrific.

Stop breeding like rabbits!

So why is no one asking why nations flush with cash are not rushing to aid those in Somalia?  Why are they not building desalinization plants and pouring food into the nation?  Or are we the only nation that is supposed to actually do anything to help anyone?

So if I buy a different light bulb and buy a Prius it will start raining in Africa again? If I take public transport will it snow in Bermuda?

Why doesnt the Somali gov just print money, thats what we do.How come the titles of most of the climate change articles that I see have words like, might have, could have, possibly contributed to, may have influenced, etc. etc?Anything with "global warming" instead of "climate change" in the title is pure sensationalism.

When I was young, I used to buy into the idea that these people were dying due to drought.  But now as an adult I realize that it has nothing to do with that.  It is due to stupid people who run and control that country or that part of the country.  You can't tell me for one second that they cannot drill wells and find water.  But they can't because that takes money out of the warlords hands.  My money is going to people who will really use it.

Wishful thinking by looney environmentalists.

That is disgusting to see that little baby like that,and there are billionaires spending 2000$ on bottles of wine they waste.This world is gonna end up in a global rich against the poor show down,and the poor will win.

From Science Daily:Record High for Global Carbon EmissionsDec. 2, 2012 — Global carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions are set to rise again in 2012, reaching a record high of 35.6 billion tonnes -- according to new figures from the Global Carbon Project, co-led by researchers from the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research at the University of East Anglia (UEA).The 2.6 per cent rise projected for 2012 means global emissions from burning fossil fuel are 58 per cent above 1990 levels, the baseline year for the Kyoto Protocol.This latest analysis by the Global Carbon Project is published December 2 in the journal Nature Climate Change with full data released simultaneously by the journal Earth System Science Data Discussions.It shows the biggest contributors to global emissions in 2011 were China (28 per cent), the United States (16 per cent), the European Union (11 per cent), and India (7 per cent).Emissions in China and India grew by 9.9 and 7.5 per cent in 2011, while those of the United States and the European Union decreased by 1.8 and 2.8 per cent.Emissions per person in China of 6.6 tonnes of CO2 were nearly as high as those of the European Union (7.3), but still below the 17.2 tonnes of carbon used in the United States. Emissions in India were lower at 1.8 tonnes of carbon per person.

Obama Baby Picture?

Global warming = bunk science

We cared about  the poor little boys of Iraq oppressed by Saddam, we cared about poor little boys of Libya under Gaddafi, we care about poor little boys of Iran under the Islamic regime, we cared about the poor little boys of Afghanistan under the Taliban.. but we don't care about the poor little boys of Somalia... WHY, WHAT IS DIFFERENT ABOUT THEM? well, Iran, Iraq and Libya has oil, Afghanistan is rich in some of the most scarce minerals on the planet... but Somalia has nothing to offer. That's why we don't care about them.

I have but one question: Was it cave mans fault that the ice age came to an end as well?  Because as science has shown the earth has undergone numerous climate fluctuations though history and I feel that this is some liberal B.S. trying to fund Al Gores next run for president.

If i was lacking food and security the last thing i would do is bring a baby into such a disaster. They need contraceptionsend a pallet of condems

I don't know if most people know this, but most of Somalia is a desert, hence not much rain.

Wouldn't you think that something called global would effect the whole globe?  I don't know because I am not a scientist.

"Dust Bowl" in the USA during the 1930s was the result of global warming.

Think before posting.......an AP propaganda world report.   How about most of the rest ofAfrican's starvation and poverty?  What about the Iris potato famine yrs ago.  Hey, don't forget the absolute horror of Ethiopia and all the jokes therefrom.  You could without exaggeration go on and on and on since time began.   This Global warming has evidently been with us since time began.......this is what we should take from the story.

I'd say bringing a child into this world while a famine is going on is called MURDER!!

I guess the first ice age was caused by all those darn dinosaurs driving their gas guzzling SUVs all over the place.

Well,here's the scoop on AGW and climate change. We're going to live with it and cope with it because people *aren't* going to stop driving and people aren't going to stop eating meat,and people aren't going to stop using AC and jets,and we're not going to allow the UN Agenda 21 programme to be fully implemented,and of course,people and animals aren't going to stop farting. Lastly,we're *not* going to allow the UN or anyone else to steal the nation's sovereignties through these so-called 'treaties' that claim to be good but in reality,are nothing but a devious design to take our natural resource sovereignty away.The reality is that yes,climate change and global warming ARE real and we DO contribute to it. However,mankind and our use of fossil fuels are NOT the 100% cause of it. If they want to blame starving children on a real reason,that reason would be that the people in these countries don't have enough to begin with and therefore *shouldn't* be reproducing like they do. They know what their living conditions are like,so they need to stop breeding.

if this picture and story don't get you to buy a prius, nothing will.

Couldn't be that they won't stop fighting long enough to farm? It always has to be global warming. YEAH RIGHT!Maybe they should be taking steps to not have kids. Seems heartless but it is not like this happened in a day.

OH BS!   The Sahara desert was once lush tropical area.  So what caused the shift?   Wooly Mammoth Flatulence?  The entire Northern Hemisphere was under an mile deep Ice Sheet 50,000 years ago.  What caused the warming?  Them damn Mammoths driving SUV's?  Could it be that this is all a part of a natural solar cycle effecting a planet that is historically a "cold" planet??    GLO-BULL Warming: A natural phenomenon triggered by the solar cycle and exploited by Anti-Capitalists and Earth worshipping Liberal shakedown artists.

NO THE EVIL'S OF MAN DID THAT TO THE POOR! Satan Planet earth were the Devil rules all!! GOD send us the Destroyer of man!!!

here we go with the scare tactics !that area has been changing for centurys !

Sam Kinneson said it best:  "WE HAVE DESERTS TOO ... BUT WE DON'T LIVE IN THEM!"  "MOVE TO WHERE THE FOOD IS!"

Wow, the Global Warming alarmist are stepping to new lows.  Seems they are very desperate for Grant Money.

Fills up pickup......

The global warming hoax again!

Die little Somali.

Let’s use real science, ready? This is a normal cycle the Earth goes through. The Caps have melted more than one and the Earth has been an ice cube more than once too. Global warming was the end of the Mammoth and the saber tooth cat, which is straight from science.Sham on you for posting a picture like this AP, this is caused by war lords taken the food.The other article on the somali drought said the research blames 24-99 percent of the drought on global warming. Pretty big margin of error there. Good thing we are dealing in such exact science when we are blaming the industrial world for murder. (sarcasm)

And in ALL OF HISTORY THERE HAS NEVER BEEN A DROUGHT IS SOMALIA BEFORE NOW.  It is terrible that only humans could cause this drought, but we all know that droughts were unknown until now.

people, do the math.  every single person on the planet can fit comfortably in Texas. (not that they'd want to)  That would leave the whole planet to grow food.  The problem is not weather or climate or population.  It is people. If the good people got rid of all the bad people, every time, there would be a beautiful healthy planet full of beautiful healthy people. Give me the control of the world and i'll get rid of all the bad people.

Liberals think they control the weather.Bahahahahahaha

stop this junk.if global warming was the cause then how do they explain all the droughts that happened before the industrial revolution?they used to be much more common then they are now.check history and look how people would prepare for a drought every 7 to 10 years.stop with the fear mongering.its getting old.

These people should stop breeding since their babies starve and die. Only have a baby if you can feed and care for them.

Is the mother completly unable to breastfeed this 7 month old baby? I would think she should be able to still produce milk because from her hands and arms she does not look starved like her baby does.

Who is dumb enough to believe this story?I guess we have a lot of Obama voters and reporters!

I don't believe there is a such thing as Global Warming, God has let this world stand for many years and we never heard of Global Warming until ol Bro. All Gore came up with it.

No food but one mom will pop out 10 Starvin Marvin'sThis is nature correcting itself and trying to drive off the human infestation............

All you idiots who think that "God" has a personal stake in your football team's victory, take another look at that picture.  Then realize just how stupid you are.  "God", indeed.

It's a fricken desert and has been for millions of years. Do the math!

The Republican Party tells us definitively that there is no such thing as global warming, man-made or not. Therefore, there is no such thing as global warming, man-made or not.

Hahahahaha. Rome kept great records and they mention massive cultural ending droughts through their rule. I wonder if there was a nut back then blaming the horse and buggy for global warming. Let us not forget, Mayan culture vanished because of a severe drought that lasted over ten years, and for you low IQ Liberals, no they were not driving SUVs and flying private planes back then. Sighhhhh, such idiots. All through our history there have been severe crippling droughts and in the future there will be more severely crippling droughts. It is a repeating pattern fruitcakes. Do what we have done over the last 10,000+ years. Learn to adapt.

Bunch of #$%$....daily yahoo global warming story mandated by the propaganda ministry.  As I recall they had drought and famine 20 years ago that prompted our military intervention.  It also cost us American lives.  The problem of drought and famine is ancient in this area of the world.....shut up enviro whackos.

Think they will feel angry when they learn how much corn we used to fuel our vehicles, compliments of the enviro-natsi demands?

last time we tried to help Somalia was in the 90,s and look what we got out of it.bodies of Americans being dragged in the streets.F these pieces of chit

Somalia is a victim of power hungry warlords who horde all food, water, medication and territory.  They kill anybody who dares to challange their power and for every warlord that gets taken down there are 3 to replace him but apparently it is politically uncorrect to put the blame where it is due, ignore those warlords and extremists who will not allow food or medication in or allow farmers to grow food because that would take away much of their power.

So being a third world country has nothing to do with it.you're right - it MAY have ..people have been starving there since the early british colonial days - wonder what the issue was back then?

ET phone home?

does anyone notice the woman holding the baby isn't starving, but the baby is?

i guess the headline "Global warming may NOT have fueled Somali drought” is not quite as sensationalistic…

so comparatively speaking to what this article states, humans are responsible for all the deserts in the world at every point in time. if only our ancestors knew that, they could have carbon taxed everyone.

The picture is so sad, and yet the Sahara desert has been expanding southward for tens of thousands of years, certainly before cars and electricity.

Why do we waste money sending trucks in with food, why don't we just get them out of the desert?? Last I heard....nothing grows there...

What a disgusting story of human exploitation.

The person holding the child seems too be doing ok!

The trail of bones cov'ring the dry parched earth was evidence....The drought had lasted much to long....Bones of humans and of beasts....age being no deterrent to their fate....Imagine the suffering as death slowly took it's toll....Rain could have prevented it all....Does God bring the rain as we have been taught...Was God watching......Where was GodThis is SHAMELESS YAHOO... you know this story is BS and you show an innocent child?? really you nasty #$%$ #$%$ faced p-r-ic-ks

Remember sally strutters from all in the family, famine &amp; drought has been occurring in africa for the longest time. Just a tip, stay away from the desert and the lions. You people are a bunch of saps and suckers.

Just like the assault weapon ban "to protect the children".Now they are resorting to starving children pics to sway the public !This isnt news anymore but PROPAGANDA !!

Wait a minute.  I thought Islam was a religion of peace?  Wouldn't that also mean that they are compassionate?  That they would try to ease suffering by offering aid like food, water and medicine to those who need it?  Looks like the world has been misled by Islam and sympathetic governments around the world (including our own).

Seeing that picture then seeing the "fat acceptance" push on the next article makes you realize this is the twilight zone.

What is their theory on how these man-made gases melted the ice during the Ice Age?Do scientist credit the cave man's discovery of fire as the lead cause of the collapse of the Ice Age?

The US will send them food and health care and in a few years these people will hijack an oil tanker or a cargo ship.

Might is the key word in this article.  Might not too.

Did the baby in the picture live? Has anyone proven global warming is real?

These articles get more foolish as time goes on.We better get more taxes in place so we can stop changes in the weather that occur naturally and  because there was a damn drough in a desert are.Here's the key sentence: Ethopia &amp; Kenya were also affected - - - - al-Qaida-linked Islamic extremist group refused to allow food aid into the wide area under its control. Another fine example of the loving, compassionate Muslims at work again.

Only yahoo would some stupid article like this one. MAY HAVE!

WOW! A drought in Somalia who'd a thunk it. Actually I think Somalia means drought in Mandingo.

Its coming, all this propaganda is a tax for the air you breathe, its that simple!

DEFINITELY keep having more kids though, right?  I mean, you have no food nor water, why not have 10 kids?

This is fear tactics at its best, scaring people in with little data to support their theory, and showing pictures of a baby that is obviously starved, bu this was two years ago, and nothing can be done about it now, why did we not do anything about it then. That really needs to be the questioned ask.

TROOPS REMEMBERED?  As I recall the US presence and our troops were unwelcomed in Somalia and there was a ongoing civil war.  My friends were killed in this excursion into this international unrest and war.  NO?  Not going there again.  You go there and fix the problem, send them your dollars and die for their cause?  Don't ask Americans for their sympathy. The best is to either fly over their country, drop food, let the warlords have their way and keep going without landing? If that you disagree the UN needs volunteers?  The good Senator from California could go there and give them a lecture on gun control and the abuses of assault rifles?

Fu$#@% the politics and hand carry this child some food; although, the photographer should have fed the child...he is making money off the picture...Sadly, we all know where the money goes when we try to help with charitable contributions

Oh yeah, the global warming hoax is alive and well thanks to the media. Why not refer to the matter as a debate? The reason is quite simple: A debate describes a discussion in which participants competitively argue opposing points of view that are assumed to be based upon honest positions.A hoax is a deceptive act intended to hoodwink people through deliberate misinformation, including factual omissions.Does anyone remember the ozone depletion hoax? What ever happened to that crusade?

will the "warmers" stop at nothong? This picture is not global warming, this picture is the worlds determination not to face the tough and immediate problem...hunger caused by greedy incompetent government at all levels in all placesI haven't heard anything good out of Somila for 50 yrs.or from the people that inhabit the place.

Stop calling it Global Warming...gives people the wrong impression.  It's Climate Change which over a longer period of time will result in general world-wide warming...but in the short run some places will cool or become wetter as the increased atmospheric energy pushes around the jet streams that govern weather distribution.  Some glaciers in formerly too-cold-to-snow areas will grow as snowfall from greater lifting capacity of warmer air brings more precipitation to the area though shrinking glaciers will be more the rule.  Parts of Antartica will also have more snow (East Antartica) from the same effect.  But growing zones are moving north and south as the planet warms (Wisconsin's growing season is nearly 4 weeks longer than when I was young..born in 1945) or higher in altitude for the same reason. Species ranges are migrating as well including noxious plants, diseases, etc.  The challenges will be great and accelerating as the atmosphere warms...some will fourish, many will die out or quickly mutate.  Humans will be under great pressure to grow enough food for survival and migrations will challenge nation boundaries.  Social disruption will be a given because of scarcity and human will to survive.  Social conventions, unless strongly enforced, will break down, especially if the change is rapid.  Sadly, it will be a very challenging time for humans and other species.

Now about there is just too many people on this planet. Also if you were born in America consider that you hit the lottery of life.

"Horse #$%$!"

While i think Global warming is very real I think the hell that Somalia has become under this so called "government"is the immediate cause. They don't care about human beings... they don't care about anything but themselves.

If you cant feed your self stop breeding ...................bringing a child into a world where he will just starve to death is just ignorant...

I don't know how I can call myself a decent human.   I sit here and type in a yahoo website..  while these little ones starve to death.  ;0(#dontknowwhattodoaboutit##guiltyascharged#

Anthropogenic global warming is a purposely created and promoted myth to distract public attention, research money, and government enforcement of compliancy away from the all too real and PROVABLE dangers of worldwide chemical land/soil polllution especially in those nations with emerging economies where poisoning the land and water is commonplace. It's no coincidence that NBC -one of the biggest promulgators of man made climate change through atmospheric impact- has been owned for years by GE - one of the largest chemical  polluters on the planet .

Droughts never occurred before the invention of global warming... right?  (Note the use of the term "invention.")

Go green and put the oil and coal industires out of business? They'll spend millions to bribe politicians who are more concerned about keeping their own job. And what about the people who'll lose their oil or coal related jobs and the shareholders of the oil companies? And even in the poorest countries, people continue to overpopulate the planet making the need for food and water even greater. They'll always be an excuse until it's too late. I just hope after humans cause their own extinction, whatever intelligent life that arises on earth will be A LOT more intelligent.OBAMA'S REAL SON....Sorry, I Forgot Obama Is Really GAY &amp; Went on "3-guy Gay Vacation" last month. Remember folks, about 50 members of Rev Wright's Trinity Church willing to testify Obama was member of Church's "Married-But Gay Men In Hiding" Group, real Group that Oprah even talked about.

So, the vast deserts in Saudi were a result of glabal warming? They've always been deserts, long as man has been there. It's left-wing loser political hype to gain a power-grab toward socialism.

For how long have their been droughts in Africa? The Bible refers to droughts in the Holy Land thousands of years ago.  All of a sudden, Global Warming's the cause and the only solution...the ONLY Democratic solution is...wait for it...CAP &amp; TRADE...MORE TAXES!!

Can't feed our children but let's keep having more...

I remember we try to help them with meals on wheels well that is what we called it in the Army. I also remember Billy leaving our boys high and dry without the proper support. What gets me it is always the people of the USA who sends AID and really trys to help. Screw the whole world ! close our ports, bring our troops home, machine guns on the borders, and all missiles pointing out! ahh deport all liberal too.

LMAO!... The global warming alarmists favorite words... May, could, likely, possibly, maybe.

Oh for petes sakes. Global warming fueled my hemorrhoids.

maybe if they would learn plumbing first before they start having sex and children in those sick conditions. unless they dont care

if obama had a son he would look like this

If they were in Liberia, they could just eat each other !Feed the children isn't working ether  Another failed charity......

If Global Warming is CREDIBLE, then why did the liberal media resort to showing us pictures of starving children to appeal to our sympathy?Because the liberal media is lying to us.

why is it so hard to understand that the climate has always changed, but only in the past 150 years have humans started dumping obscene amounts of pollution into the environment, and that activity corresponds with a quickening of climate change?summers are getting hotter. winters are getting colder. storms are getting stronger. it's not rocket science to see the correlation. does that mean they're linked? not necessarily. but probably. and I'm going to trust scientists who have spent years studying this and analyzing the data over internet crackpots who get all of their "facts" from fox news.to all you deniers who are so certain it's a hoax or conspiracy, why don't you prove it? get your findings peer reviewed. I guarantee if you can disprove human influenced climate change, you'll win a nobel prize and millions of dollars.

if obama had a son

Blah, blah, blah.  Everything is global warming now.

Their problem is greed corruption and war lords! It is sad to see children suffer! I think they need to become a Christian country!

We have more food than we can possibly eat, yet people starve like this. Sickening is what it is.

Put a sad picture on an article about nonsense and it is still nonsense.The deserts in Africa have existed for thousands of years. America did not create them.

For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and there will be famines and earthquakes in various places.  (Matt 24:7)

Seven billion humans on this planet, plus their industries, agriculture, traffic and whatnot. That some people still claim that humanity has zero impact on the climate is a humiliation for the US education system.That some people still believe that seven billion humans (plus their industries, agriculture, traffic and whatnot) have zero impact on the climate, is quite a humiliation for the US american education system.That certain old fashioned bosses of large companies lie on purpose, because they fear losing money, that I understand. It's stupid, but in some crazy way it makes sense. That certain politicians who got bribed by them lie, that makes sense too. But what do the people gain, who are not paid to lie? Who really believe that mankind has no impact on the climate? Why do they stick to this nonsense? I don't get it.

Where is Al Gore and his Billions of Dollars. He could be feeding a few instead of his fat %$&amp;.

Living in a desert is harsh and takes its toll. But providing UN food relief only brings a population explosion that will face an ever increasing disaster. Then the survivors will point guns at us and and say kill the Americans.

Global warming? Try, war, normal drought, and evolution at work. As noted by Wikipedia with respect to drought, "Drought is a normal, recurring feature of the climate in most parts of the world. It is among the earliest documented climatic events, present in the Epic of Gilgamesh and tied to the biblical story of Joseph's arrival in and the later Exodus from Ancient Egypt. Hunter-gatherer migrations in 9,500 BC Chile have been linked to the phenomenon, as has the exodus of early humans out of Africa and into the rest of the world around 135,000 years ago. . . ." Liberals!

Somali was not only courntry sufferred from drought. US was also.

Quit lying,we arent buying it anymore.

Looking at that picture... As a father... Man... And we have men and women worth billions spending tens of thousands on shoes.

AND THEY JUST KEEP BREEDING... i would call them animals, but that would be a compliment....animals know to STOP breeding  in times of sickness or famine.

global waming---it's called mother nature.

The earth's temperature has not risen one degree in the past 17 years.Droughts have been occurring for the life of the planet, and Africa has almost three times the population the continent can support, even without all the other horrors of the continent.there are too many of us already, birth control on all .

The F&amp;%##$ desert they live in "Might" have fueled the drought. These global warming kooks are really sad and pathetic. The climate has been changing throughout Earth's existence!

Thank's for the weekly propaganda piece....was starting to think we would be let down.

Global warming is real!!!!!!!  The enviroment cannot handle airforce one flying around so much.  And when it is not flying that means a certain douche is opening his mouth and releasing even more toxins in to the air.

Because Somalia is a focking desert you morons!!!!!

There is nothing we can do about climate change, but if all countries (not just ours) get together, we could help a lot more people.

Don't feel sorry for this kid because when he grows up he is going to hate America and want to kill you just because you're an American.

oh ya...did global warming make the great OKLA Dust bowl too...? Is it raining now in the Sahara desert..? Al gore and you clowns love these things no one can prove..to profit off of...and you never even live by your own rules......or even try to..you just want others to believe long enpough for you to get their $$$.....

Is that a baby Obama Pic?

Google what are they spraying in the air..a must seeHow much starvation has the rise in cost of food? Corn prices are so high that many farmers here have quit growing other food staples. Corn prices are high because we are burning a large portion of it in our cars, compliments of the enviro-natsi movement.

Population control is never going to be moral.

My heart breaks for the poor children that only know a life of famine and tragedy.  Just terrible.. :-((

Sounds like the Kid has a Moslem name. Maybe the International Moslem Warlord Society should sell some of their towers in Manhatten and give their population some relief?

Hey, that kid could be Barry's son! HE's got the same "deer-in-the-headlights" look. MAybe if he had a Teleprompter he would have something to say too!

It's all part of god's loving plan...he will send his tornadoes of joy to the US soon so you won't feel left out....

While you geniuses are altering the earth's climate, why don't you stop continental drift as well? That is really going to shut down some ocean currents eventually. There is good authority that northern Africa was forested and had rivers as recently as 10,000 years ago until the climate changed and, guess what, did so without human intervention, there being no cars and all that back then.  Why don't the news photographers give those people some sandwiches.

Unscientific bunk.

I think its Obama's fault....just saying

And it is just as likely that dry conditions in Somalia contributed to global warming.Right, and civil war had nothing to do with the famine.  Everything is about GW these days, everything.

I can’t help but feel guilty sometimes about being so blessed….I know it’s a sin to feel that way. We just need to be so thankful to God!I know these children will be with our Lord Jesus when they leave this suffering fallen world! Amen!

I remember as a kid praying for snow storms. They would come every once in a while just like they do today. I still wait for the those big storms to close schools and work.... Ask the dinosaurs about how their huge gas guzzling cars contributed to global warming and their extinction. There is nothing constant or the same for the planet earth except for the same stupidity coming from the global warming douche bags.

FYI....Most of the overpopulating is due to men having no respect for women or children in Africa...The men go to villages and kidnap women &amp; children eventually raping the women and young girls or soliciting them while enslaving the male teens and young boys......pretty sad....so before you look at this photo and get angry with the women there, think of  her and other women and childrens situations....

1970s - "Global Cooling"1990s - "Global Warming"2000' - "Climate Change"THE POLITICIANS HAVE BEEN TRYING TO CONTROL US FOR A LONG, LONG TIME.

Where are Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson?Seems they might be involved in saving these (black) Africans...

I've lived in Uganda Africa for 4 years witch is close to Somalia, They show these pictures of babies to sell news.. Rain is a small part of what's wrong in Somalia or for that case most of east Africa. Drugs, Alcoholism, tribalism, believing that if something is wrong with a child its a curse, and they will just stop caring for a child.. In Uganda sometimes twins, they'll care for one and let the other starve....

For the love of the children, please stop having them in these types of conditions.

Since Somalia is such a dangerous place where the West is afraid to visit all the "powers that be"  has to do, is to fight them by starving the pirates by deflecting rainfall from that area.

Global Warming+drought+picture of starving baby=yellow Journalism. Thousands died because al-Qaida blocked shipment of water and food! But media CAN"T handle the truth.so from all the comments its not just getting hotter, its normal because next year will be hotter than this year

Can't have deserts without droughts!!  But also cannot get sequoia trees not of the Arctic Circle without inter-glacial warming events!!

I know I am completely wasting my time, considering the intellectual bankruptcy around here, but if anyone is genuinely interested:Global warming intensifies the water cycle. This is dictated by the physics of water vapor in the air. Dry areas become drier, as a warm atmosphere can hold much more water vapor than a cold atmosphere (something we all experience with seasonal humidity changes). Wet areas become wetter, as more water precipitates. All else being equal (winds, cloudiness etc) we may expect an intensification of the water cycle of 7% per degree of global warming. This would mean more intense droughts in some regions, stronger and more erratic storms and flooding in others. In many ways, society is more vulnerable to changes in the water cycle than to temperature changes alone.

How about instead of giving tax money to Global Warming bureaucrats and unemployed scientists to study Global Warming, why don't we use the money TO BUY FOOD FOR THE SOMALI KIDS?

Global Warming = a form of social control designed to convince the masses to give up a portion of money and power to those who designed the fraud.

What the hell is that thing!  A baby vampire, an alien,Halloween decoration or Obama's son?  I wonder how long it took to find a pic like that to exploit.

""Global warming may have fueled Somali drought"". Then again, it may not have. naturally the Obama media wont consider how the terrorists shut down all the farms that grow food and replaced it with poppy. Now you know why a journalism degree amonst the Obama media isnt worth the used toilet paper its printed on

Bet YOU didn't know your SUV is killing children in Somali, did you?Well, it's NOT. This is a liberal lie.

Global Warming distraction actually HURTS these starving kids by being a false distraction.

Too many people, too little resources.  As simple as that.Say what you want ... but the data reflects we are getting warmer and it will have a major impact on our world, including crops, weather, sea levels, etc.... but it may be too late to make any changes that will help, but does that mean we should not try? ... What if we could make some small changes and make the warming less severe.... it could make a difference in our world.  Or you could turn on rush, put your head in the sand, and hope all the smart guys are wrong.

Global Warming was concocted by Gore back when he was still VP and a couple of his Enron buddies for the purpose of making $billions selling carbon credits.

What a bunch of liberal propoganda #$%$!

I blame the enemy's of liberty and free enterprise!

I wanna see more of Halle Berry's poodle haircut, Yahoo. Or some monster dunk.

So it wasnt warlords and a corrupt Somali government killing everyone and stealing all the food and US aid, but global warming?Its strange that global warming can be so powerful that all that money and food aid could not do anything to prevent any of it.

Global warming is the final banking/hedge-fund swindle before there is nothing left to loot from us lowly 99%. Man-made global warming is a fraud conceptualized by the rich and their small list of noisy, Goldman-Sachs-funded, lackey scientists.

Give it a #$%$ rest would ya? What a load of #$%$.

Man controlled global warming doesn't exist. It is an agenda used by 'the club of Rome" and other globalist to redistribute wealth and take away freedoms. They just use global warming to scare you. Can't control people unless they live in fear. The media is either too stupid to see it, or those that control the media are in on it. Your being duped people, wake up before it's too late and we have to start killing a lot of people to get our freedoms back.

If the world food org. would distribute the grain and other food to those 3rd world countries that they have stored in warehouses (so the board of trade can controll the commodities prices). They let that grain and food rot/spoil, or they take it and burn it. There is enough there they could of fed those people. But greed rules, and so does the first rule on the "Georgia Guide Stones," "maintain a population of around 500 million people over all of the earth.This has been going on forever over their! Give me a brake!

The picture of this starving child has more to do with an abusive government, and a lack of security than global warming.  The green agenda people must think we're fools.

I read the comments and just cringe with discuss, some white Americans are detestable ignorant elitess anti-Christain idiots. Carrying on about warlords ans how much aide "we" give. Drought is a uncontrollable condition no amount of aide will sufficiently  or efficiently nullyfy the effects, only the thermal foot print nationa like ours makw it worse. There was once a drought here that was called the dust bowl, becareful evil devil God is always watching yours.is coming

Where was God?

I see something like that and think of all the corporate welfare pigs with their private jets and bought politicians and how they whine about paying their fair share of taxes out of money they hide in other countries...sickening

This is why it pizzes me off to hear African Americans pizz and moan about how bad America is

one picture- million words

Ya think it might be over population?

Al Gore cash register just went CHA-CHING !

that part of the world has been starving for decades..... "we are the world"...etc..... so now we have to blame it on CLIMATE CHANGE? GIVE ME A BREAK!I know this sounds cold but quit having children you can't feed.  Starving children can't be fed if there is drought.  It would be like me not having a job and having more children.  Come on give me the thumbs down but don't do it with out leaving a comment.

Global warming:Causes my electricity bill to go up from running my AC.Helps kill Africans.Man, now I'm really divided on whether or not global warming is a good thing.

╔╗╔╗╔╗──╔╗────────────────────────╔╗║║║║║║──║║────────────────────────║║║║║║║╠══╣║╔╦══╗╔╗╔╦══╗╔══╦══╦══╦══╣║╔══╗║╚╝╚╝║╔╗║╚╝╣║═╣║║║║╔╗║║╔╗║║═╣╔╗║╔╗║║║║═╣╚╗╔╗╔╣╔╗║╔╗╣║═╣║╚╝║╚╝║║╚╝║║═╣╚╝║╚╝║╚╣║═╣─╚╝╚╝╚╝╚╩╝╚╩══╝╚══╣╔═╝║╔═╩══╩══╣╔═╩═╩══╝──────────────────║║──║║───────║║──────────────────╚╝──╚╝───────╚╝ Global Warming.

The climate cycles, the sun cycles, the minute changes in the Earth's rotation cause the changes in our weather patterns. NOT what humans do. Who do the idiot liberals think will pay the carbon taxes? Tax the oil companies and my gas prices will soar. Tax chemical companies and I lose my job. Tax pharmaceutical companies and my medicine costs go up. It ALL boils down to the working middle class and honestly Im tired of it. I used less electric and gas this winter because it was mild. What happens? Our supplier ups their rates to make up  for the loss. Our property values plummeted and what happened to our taxes? They raised the rate to make up for the loss. If we all drove hybrid cars gas prices would be $10 a gallon. Im sick of these liberals taking my money.

Sucks being a kid in a stupid country populated by stupid people. Don't blame God or America or some phony global warming obsession, blame ignorant, stupid people whose children have to suffer for their foolishness. Transport a million Iowans to Ethiopia and they will be exporting food in 10 years. Transport a million Ethiopians to Iowa and they'll be importing corn in 10 years.

this picture made me cry ...

global warming?  i have a bridge to sell you as well.

CO2 levels have never been over 300 part per million in the last 800,000 years. We are now at 394 ppm, 30% higher than ever found in the ice core records. It's hard to attribute this to anything other than humans burning fossil fuels since industrial revolution.

I ike to live in America!

If I had a son, it would look just like him!   -ObamaIt's all George Bush's fault.

Did "globull warming" cause the Dust bowl back in the 30's?

It is really cheap and easy to use starving kids as propaganda to justify massive taxes and redistribution. How do you rebut such idiocy? We should be asking why those kids are starving after we sent massive amounts of aid which gets hijacked and sold on the black market.

I see. It's global warming, not corrupt and incompetent government that's to blame for people, who live in a desert by the way, starving to death. This conclusion, by well fed scientists who need the global warming myth to stay alive in order to keep their jobs.

Climate change has been occurring for millions of years.  Don't blame man.

Obama`s brothers queing for aid.

I live in the Sonoran Desert and we're in perpetual drought. I thought that's why it's called a desert.

Just tax it and all is well. Chicago Climate Exchange can do with owners Obama, Gore and Soros. Where did the United Nations spend the over 7 billion our goverment send them last year. These people did not get any.

Sam Kinison had the answer to this problem.

What caused the warming and cooling cycles before this "global warming"?So climate models that have never really been effective, due to our limited understanding of climate and resulting lack of ability to program it into a computer, determined that it was man-made with a +/- 37.5% margin of error?? YGBSM!!

I'd bet N. Africa is doing ok

They shouldn't be making babies if they can't provide for them. Go ahead Obama...why don't you send some more of my tax money over seas so they can be healthy enough to pirate more of our ships!

MAY have in the title of the article... and then a picture of a poor starving child...a bit of propaganda using the unfortunate to drive home a theory

This photo is unbearable to see-I feel so helpless and so hopeless for that region

Liberal media 101. Write an article exploiting a disaster for you own profit. Make sure there is a picture of a suffering child in said article to tug on the heart strings of the bleeding hearts, an bam!!! People start voting to fund reaserch for global warming. Too bad there have been droughts since well before carbon emissions were being produced by factories and cars. Now all of a sudden, us evil people who use cars, and buy goods that are produced in factories are causing famines? I'm so sick of this political garbage. And thanks to the UN, we have to see it on such a global scale now. I'm sorry that Somalia has allowed themselves to be run inadequatley, and have done very little to improve the land that they live in so as to be more hospitablie for crop growth. It's all on the people. Look at America, how much of our country wsa considered uninhabitable due to the issues in getting to and providing land for resources, and we made it work. Other nations have as well. It's time for some of these African countries to bring themselves out of the ancient era. Unless they don't want to, in which case, we shoudl stop using them for political gain.

MAYBE they should quit having babies they cant feed!  A very nice young couple I know have put off having a second child because they cannot afford it. They seem to be able to control the pregnancy process. Why cant these people take responsibility?

How long does it take to realize that generation after generation of starving kids that something is causing your women to get pregnant.If you give them condemns they will give you a ballon in return.

What is really pathetic about this issue, is the fact that there are bigger problems in the world, for example, there are thousands of mutagenic,  and carcinogenic chemicals polluting rivers, oceans, our food supply etc. there are hundreds of these chemicals along with pharmaceuticals contaminating our drinking water, but all they care about is their money maker global warming.  There are scientific communities that question anthropomorphic climate change, there are published paper that address this issue.  We never hear the other side of the story, the biased media only presents one, that, is not science, that is an agenda.

Why do we still have to keep hearing this global warming propaganda?It is a shame that the special interest groups have to use such photo to promote their agenda. Shame on you.

Here we go again. British Scientists "cook" their data to get people to belive in Global warming. Planets do NOT get warmer, they cool off. The shifts in Global envirnments are caused by the Earth's "wobble". The Earth does not spin in a circle, it spins off center. It takes 26,000 years fo it to complete one cycle. In that time, the position of the equator shifts. This also cause stress on the tetonic plates the continents sit on. This shifting can cause volcanic eruptions, and sunamis. This really, really, basic science that has been available for several years. Any "so-called" scientist that promotes "Global warming" is a crackpot.

Deserts are not the result of global warming.  Deserts are the result of deserts.

Sooo global warming has been here a lot longer than anticipated by these so called "experts". WWWWOOOOOWWWWW

In all these #$%$ poor countries...why do they keep having kids?..I can't feel sorry for people that stupid or so cruel as to have a kid in those conditions. Back in the 80's when all this hunger stuff started coming to light..if they would have tought birth control and given vascectomies to all the guys...this wouldn't be near the problem it is today

Or maybe it was just the weather!

How about some birth control?

Only Moronic sheep liberals buy into this man made Global warming #$%$.So Gullible and easily manipulated.

What are the Tar Sands?In the Canadian Boreal forest just downstream of the eastern foothills of the Rocky Mountains are the Canadian tar sands. The region contains some 2 trillion barrels of oil, but getting to it will mean destroying an area larger than the state of Florida.Tar sands consist of heavy crude oil mixed with sand, clay and bitumen. Extraction entails burning natural gas to generate enough heat and steam to melt the oil out of the sand. As many as five barrels of water are needed to produce a single barrel of oil.Our task is simple: redirect the $70-100 billion dollars the United States is set to invest in tar sands infrastructure into research and development of sustainable energy alternatives such as electric vehicles, plug-in hybrids, and solar and wind energy.THE TAR SANDS AND CLIMATE CHANGETar sands oil is the worst type of oil for the climate, producing three times the greenhouse gas emissions of conventionally produced oil because of the energy required to extract and process tar sands oil.Additionally:Increased greenhouse gas emissions associated with tar sands development is the main reason Canada will not meet its Kyoto reduction commitments.In 2010, Canada’s greenhouse gas emissions are projected be nearly 35 percent higher than 1990 levels.HEALTH AND ENVIRONMENTAL EFFECTS OF THE TAR SANDSAcross the United States, oil refineries are seeking permits to expand their facilities to process heavy crude oil from the tar sands. Processing tar sands oil will mean more asthma and respiratory diseases, more cancer, and more cardiovascular problems. Many local communities are opposing the expansions.In Canada, the toxic burden on communities near the tar sands is already enormous. In addition to direct human exposure, oil contamination in the local watershed has led to arsenic in moose meat—a dietary staple for First Nations peoples—up to 33 times acceptable levels. Drinking water has also been contaminated.

Global Warming agenda exploits starving children to further their fraud.Mankind collectively contributes about 10 gigatons of CO2 into the atmosphere every year.  By contrast, the oceans of the world produce about 200 gigatons of CO2 (sometimes as high as 230) into the atmosphere every year.  And yet we are told that mankind is the culprit for global warming.  There is no culprit, neither the oceans nor man.  All that is going on are normal fluctuations in the climate.  AGW is just about the biggest fraud in the history of mankind.  So sad to see science politicized as it has become.  Bad enough that the humanities have been politicized (big time) but even worse that science has.  The root of this pathology is modern liberalism.

Yep.  Nobody ever had a drought before them.

That babys mom doesnt look so malnurished. Yahoo writers are morons.

global warming has caused me to have more bowel movements per day than I had in the past, I am sure of it

It's a sin, though not a surprise, the liberal media would use the picture of a poor starving young child and try to tie it in with global warming to further to their agenda, even despite the fact the story, like EVERY OTHER global warming doomsday story offers ZERO evidence of the claim. Despicable.

When you can barely feed yourself, why would you go and have children?

Yes Republicans...the SCIENCE that gave us the best equipped Army..took us tothe moon...place a Rover on Mars...all the advancements in Medical Science doesn't  know what its talking about when it comes to Global Warming...how NUTS is that???

That child in the picture is carrying explosives in the diaper. They exploit there kids young, or they teach them to play with granades.I hope nature weeds out a lot of muslims, especially any gays there also. :D

Rush Limbaugh says global warming is not real. All Republicans must agree with him.

Global warming my #$%$. Fake science + good PR= fat cats like Al Gore getting rich off the lie.Throwing that poor childs picture up there with the headline is a disengenuos lie. I have no doubt about the suffering of the people over there, but not from global warming.A graphic warning should have been issued on this photo. My son is so upset he almost barfed. This does nothing other than raise emotions and offers no real solution for a problem. The global warming cartel will use anything to push their agenda, and this is just one more sick way to do it. Yes, kids are starving but they are here, to. We have people in tents, women on the streets and yet they say nothing about that. Pick and choose the best way to shock, not inform people is what reporters do. To heck with shooting the attorneys as it is written, let's start with reporters.

Keep breeding like rats folks - wait until the world population hits 10 billion - scenes like this will be in Arkansas instead of Somalia...

THE TAR SANDS AND CLIMATE CHANGETar sands oil is the worst type of oil for the climate, producing three times the greenhouse gas emissions of conventionally produced oil because of the energy required to extract and process tar sands oil.Additionally:Increased greenhouse gas emissions associated with tar sands development is the main reason Canada will not meet its Kyoto reduction commitments.In 2010, Canada’s greenhouse gas emissions are projected be nearly 35 percent higher than 1990 levels.HEALTH AND ENVIRONMENTAL EFFECTS OF THE TAR SANDSAcross the United States, oil refineries are seeking permits to expand their facilities to process heavy crude oil from the tar sands. Processing tar sands oil will mean more asthma and respiratory diseases, more cancer, and more cardiovascular problems. Many local communities are opposing the expansions.In Canada, the toxic burden on communities near the tar sands is already enormous. In addition to direct human exposure, oil contamination in the local watershed has led to arsenic in moose meat—a dietary staple for First Nations peoples—up to 33 times acceptable levels. Drinking water has also been contaminated.

So I guess Obama will bankrupt us either further by sending our money to feed his cousins?  Bush's wars look like a bargain after this brown clown

I just finished a glass of water, here's to ya!

Islam killed these babies!!!!  Islam is a false religion made up by a pedophile, rapist, murdering liar.

So up til now Somalia has never had a drought?  It's freakin' Africa!

All bull@#$%^anything to get this climate change into full force to help push the carbon tax and any other tax our corrupt and broken gov't wants to apply to the taxpayers.

Isn't it in the desert.?  Is that a picture of obama as a child- with auntie obunga.?

Weapontry is called drought fuel...In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ Amen.GW produces warmer oceans that fuel more active weather resulting in ocean evaporation and resulting precipitation.The opening photo is more likely the result of the Al-shabaab influence and government rivalries than GW. How can any one create mechanisms to sustain life when they are constantly threatened with instability and tyranny.Google Search:“Al-shabaab atrocities in Somalia”

Weather? You mean red shaft on wheat that is killing the food supply thank to GMO'S

THE KEYSTONE PIPELINE WILL ADD TO GLOBAL DIMMINGThe loss of particulate matter from plane grounding after 9/11 caused a 1 degree celsius warming which is huge climatologically.To the skeptics, the truth always lies somewhere in between,How could so many different scientists in different areas stumble upon the same conclusions? And thank goodness for the blessing of this protection from the warming, yet how long will it last? Is it a good thing?When all planes everywhere were ground in the chaos of the 9/11 attacks, the particulate matter of plane exhaust was gone disappeared, pan evaporation went, or global dimming now reported as lower,shot UP in those two days!!!

Thanks AP for the 'rubber band' story. Believing it would be quite a stretch.

Maybe it fueled the dust bowl in Ok and I worked as a relief worker in Ethopia back in the 70's and I remember thinking "dram that global warming" it may have fueled that famine also oh wait I remember that was when these same idiots were saying we were entering the new Ice age so that can't be but then again it is now called Global Climate disruption so maybe it did. I need my meds.

Global Warming guru Al Gore stands to make BILLIONS if he can convince you that GLOBAL WARMING is true.

That boy looks like our wallets!!!

A haunting photo revealing that our consumer based civilization has consequences.

sad

If Owe-bama had a son...global warming my butt!!  this is Obamanomics in action!!

People starve because they are POOR, they don't have CAPITALISM or FREE MARKET.Forget these GLOBAL WARMING lies.

This is, of course. pure bull sheite! Our educated scientists can really dream up some stuff.While AP and Wahoo scrounge for some #$%$ to blame on someone.

Stupid idiot monkey people, they have no forward thinking, no money no food, and still they reproduce like cockroaches. I have no sympathy for them.

Looks like the UN is Alice in Chains - Hollow...with words and the foods they supply...

Or maybe global warming had nothing to do with it.

"Global warming may have fueled Somali drought" oh really? I thought it was Bush, Cheney, and the rest of the Reptilian aliens sent down from planet Zelbo? But if Al Gore says Man Made Global Climate Change I guess we will have to go with that.....so where do we send our Carbon Tax money to so we can fix it? Gores personal account, or does it have to be filtered through Obama and gang first? Just trying to figure out all these new Chicago way rules????

Those people have kids they know ,they can not feed !What kind of parents are they?Selfish ones!They can not keep it in their pants and they do not care what happens to their kids,so why should i?I raised 5 kids on my own after my partner died!No help from anybody! I took care of mine ,like millions of other people and  they have to learn it too!Giving them all we have does not help!

"Global warming is caused by the burning of fossil fuels — coal, oil and natural gas — which sends heat-trapping gases, such as carbon dioxide, into the air, changing the climate, scientists say." They can't really be serious? Do they think they are the only people who went to science class? This is not even a scientific statement. If that is a scientific statement from someone who calls themselves a scientist, then here is another one; Global warming is not caused by the burning of fossil fuel. The earth is constantly adjusting and re-adjusting the temperatures since the beginning of time and will continue until the end of time. We DO need to control pollution, be it air, water or land. CO2 is not pollution, it is natural and belongs here.

I am sorry , Somali are subhuman . They created their own hardship .I'v heard it ALL now. I wonder what they will pull out of their butts next?

All the money we send overseas to help these people and other people usually wind up in some offical pocket.  Just in the USA if we could get all the crooks out of Washington, I'm talking about all Govt Workers and other people like contractors as well our tax rate would be so low that we wouldn't mind paying our tax.  But our officals use to to stay in office and pad their nest.  Actually same thing happens in corporations.  These CEO that get untold millions in bonus is a bunch of bull.

From Science Daily:2012 Sustained Long-Term Climate Warming Trend, NASA FindsJan. 15, 2013 — NASA scientists say 2012 was the ninth warmest of any year since 1880, continuing a long-term trend of rising global temperatures. With the exception of 1998, the nine warmest years in the 132-year record all have occurred since 2000, with 2010 and 2005 ranking as the hottest years on record.NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies (GISS) in New York, which monitors global surface temperatures on an ongoing basis, released an updated analysis January 15 that compares temperatures around the globe in 2012 to the average global temperature from the mid-20th century. The comparison shows how Earth continues to experience warmer temperatures than several decades ago.The average temperature in 2012 was about 58.3 degrees Fahrenheit (14.6 Celsius), which is 1.0 F (0.6 C) warmer than the mid-20th century baseline. The average global temperature has risen about 1.4 degrees F (0.8 C) since 1880, according to the new analysis."One more year of numbers isn't in itself significant," GISS climatologist Gavin Schmidt said. "What matters is this decade is warmer than the last decade, and that decade was warmer than the decade before. The planet is warming. The reason it's warming is because we are pumping increasing amounts of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere."Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that traps heat and largely controls Earth's climate. It occurs naturally and also is emitted by the burning of fossil fuels for energy. Driven by increasing human-made emissions, the level of carbon dioxide in Earth's atmosphere has been rising consistently for decades.

Oh the WEATHER CHANGES?   LOVE HOW THE LIBS HAVE TO CHANGE THE NAME to fit their agenda.  Taxes are now Revenues. Damage Control is now Charm Offensive. Weather Change is now Climate Change--Global Warming.  AMAZING HOW THE LIBS CAN DISCOUNT THE SUN AND CYCLICS to fit their Agenda.

Global warming MAY have cause Kenya's drought? lol  Kenya is a small country, maybe the size of Alabama.  If it's that specific, it's not global.

You think when AGW propaganda has hit bottom.....you get an article like this. Climate Change fascism has killed far more in the third world by keeping modern fuel out their hands and the idiotic rationing cults against fossil fuels.MSM is a total disgrace.

you global warming freaks that are milking our tax dollars and living in multi million dollar mansions can go F yourselves...Put a photo of your mansion here and tell us about it you priv=cks..

Jesus Christ!  Instead of wasting so much fn money on America's lazy baby-mama welfare addicts, our country should pump money and military presence into these inept African countries.  These are human beings for god sake.  The same goes for N. Korea.  Invade and feed!

An even bigger scam than global warming is the false belief that mercury emissions are harmful to children. In study after study, funded by the Koch brothers, this myth has been debunked. However, the liberal media are bowing to the Kenyan (and his evil henchman, Al Gore) to continue to push this phony pseudo-science on patriotic Americans who love their coal.

This child is starving because of Obama.Utilize a common enemy, whether true or not, to rally the people, to compel the to give up money and freedom, to channel anger, just like the Germans used the Jews, the Russians and Chinese used the Capitalists, TODAY the liberals use White people, Christians, capitalists, and GLOBAL WARMING.DON'T BELIEVE THE LIES.

And bloomberg spends all his time, money and influence trying to ban large soda drinks...  I think helping in areas like this would make a bigger difference in the world.

Terrorists flourish were there is misery!

How stupid are these people to keep reproducing? If you don't have access to birth control, pull out or swallow.

" may have "funny thing those two words.Funny how in essence they define a 50-50 possibility of what ever point that follows could be WRONG and yet so many people gloss right over them and decide that whatever point that follows is an absolute fact.

Bad news for all you Global Warming fans - Somalia is on the same parallels of latitudes that include the Sub Saharan regions of West Africa, such as Northern Nigeria, Mali etc. These areas are not known for their extensive annual rainfalls and massive semi annual droughts are normal or commonplace. Follow the same parallels around the rest of the world, and the opposite ones in the Southern Hemisphere, so the sitiuation is not abnormal.  Weather conditions are cyclic throughout the world. Think how much you will complain when the weather changes to unseasonal heavy continuous rains and floodings in the very same areas as are now experiencing drought. The primitive agricultural and grazing practices that are carried out in these areas are not of much help in any event.

The problem in Somalia is overpopulation period. These people sire children at will and expect the rest of the world to feed them via Hercules transport and Mercedes Benz trucks.Cut off the aid and hundreds of thousands, maybe millions will die. Unfortunately that is the nature of things when your population exceeds your resources. What has Somalia done for the rest of the world that entitles them to be a bunch of layabouts?

In the 1950s, we sent ships full of food to the starving masses in socialist India.  This was an ongoing "rescue" event until the Indians began adopting a degree of capitalism.  Lo and behold!  They were able to feed themselves.

The Somali problems have nothing to do with global warming. That part of Africa is too underdeveloped to be affected by China's emissions and the land and the climate are pretty clean. My church sponsors a lot of work in Somalia and the biggest problem in Somalia is the lack of water. The Somali's rely on milk instead of water and this is a leading cause of malnutrition in the region. Plus most of Somalia is desert and has been since the flood. War is more of a direct cause for the famine mentioned, certainly not greenhouse gas emissions.This is a pretty stupid article. Curbing gas emissions will not end this drought. Work that my church is sponsoring, such as digging wells and developing waterways will do much more to end this drought then scaring people over a pseudo-science like global warming and then brushing the Somali famine under the carpet by submitting Americans to cap and trade.Yahoo News has no shame.

More Government sponsored propaganda.It is terribly sad.  But they are still having sex and children that they cannot feed.

I swear ... I just can't erase this picture from my mind ... God help them ... they are just kids. They DO NOT deserve this.

famine and starvation have been occuring since mankind walked the earth,..so now we balme it on global warming?

Unbelievable that you would use the suffering of this child to promote global warming when in fact this was and is a direct result of the inhumanity of their govt., warlords, political corruption, etc., and yet you have no shame in this type of reporting .... and yet your report states, "But the new research doesn't mean global warming directly caused those deaths."  UNBELIEVABLE!  Reporting like this continues to drop to the lowest level of intelligence...

Bovine scatological science.

And it's not the durhka durhka's running around killing eachother and the warlords hijacking and 'co-op'ing' food shipmentsNO FOLKS, it's your SUV half a world away that is causing thisnot a bunch of neo-barbarian's

Thanks Texans!!

We are still having snow in Iowa state in the middle of March and these goons are still talking about global warming. How about stop using aid money to fund warlords and mercenaries over there. That would end that "drought"

As some environmentalists have suggested...global warming causes global cooling... I'm ready for some warmth in Michigan. We've been several degrees below normal for some time now. So what do we need more global cooling so we can get global warming? I'm confused.

ya think!  and water is wet, the sky is blue, dogs bark and cats meow.  What did they spend - like 50 billion dollars on this study!One thing that is never brought up is the burning of fossil fuels releases twice the amount of water as carbon dioxide.  Any basic chemistry class will teach you that.  If global warming is man made, the earth should be getting wetter overall.

No matter what, blame the white debbils

"But the new research doesn't mean global warming directly caused those deaths..."This story is purely for sensationalism and to promote the man-made global warming religion.  The author of this story should be ashamed.

News Flash...Very little water is the desert!

How about not bringing kids into the world, especially if food and water is scarce. This way we dont have to see any sally struthers commercials on saturdays.

we should stop giving to countries that hate us and give to who really need it

these people have no food or water, but they keep #$%$ and making more babies.

Propaganda-"Glittering generalities are emotionally appealing words that are applied to a product or idea, but present no concrete argument or analysis." PIC OF STARVING SOMALI BABY - THE LEFT APPEALING TO YOU EMOTIONS, NOT LOGIC. GLOBAL WARMING IS A LIE.

That headline picture is very scary.

CONDOMS!MMM maybe because they live in a desert and there living on lands that can't support the breeding like flies syndrome that they all have.. and the rest of the world keeps feeding them,  the land its a fact of nature the land can only provide so much for the given population that's why the smart people moved to where the food grows!!

What about carbonated drinks? Carbon dioxide is pumped into water to make the carbonated water, then the syrup is added to make the carbonated drinks. The CO2 in the drink is then swallowed and burped out to the atmosphere. Because of this I have invented a burp neutralizer, when you feel the need to burp you wrap your juicy lips around it and let loose. Once the concerned scientists read this post, we may get a cap and trade law that says you must capture the burp or it is a felony offense. Unless of course if you make a special trade deal that will allow you to burp as long as you let your grass grow 1 inch longer so it can absorb the CO2 that you spewed out into the atmosphere. This is based on solid science. I call my invention "Burp-Not"...think it will sell?

Global warming? I thought it was called 'Climate Change' now. I wish they'd pick a term to blame everything on and stick to it!

and it MAY have not

Wouldn't have anything to do with Muslim warlords???

The child in the picture doesnt look too bad off since it has that gold chain around its neck.

Americans are greedy and don't really care about other countries unless they have oil and we can blow them up.

Pestilence famine and their young will die....folk you are entering the end days...repent!

Someone in the US with exceptional nutrition can't conceive.

I am so sick of this sh^t that I could puke. If the same phenomenon can cause ALL POSSIBLE OUTCOMES then it is BS science.We usually complain about a lack of a picture.  Well you can't complain this time.BTW, climate change is real.  But go ahead and be in denial if you want.  You won't suffer from it much . . . but your kids and grandkids will.   But you don't really care about them, you just care about yourself.

The human race needs a new ism.Famine is a result of capitalism.

I hope this poor baby's image haunts the lives of every selfish pig in the world.

apparently the billions we send them in aid aint helping... heres an idea if you dont want to watch your kids starve to death dont bring them into this world..

wow, who knew. low rain levels cause drought. i've been reading of famines in Africa my entire life. and the governments there have always been corrupt. nothing new here.

i bet you could pull that same picture up from any decade since the invention of photography.

Yahoo doesn't tell you that tens of thousands of SCIENTISTS have debunked it as a major hoax.

Global warming, like Obamacare and gun control is about one thing and one thing only- PEOPLE CONTROL!

Geez. Yahoo news is full of batsh-t. Every day they run a propagandous article on faux global warming. Its allegedly to blame for hot, cold, floods, drought, tornadoes, hurricanes, pestilence, earthquakes, meteors anf the Chicago Cubs record. The same idiots saying man is causing the alleged global warming were predicting the next ice age 20 years ago.

LIBERALISM - past and present.1960s VIETNAM WAR - government lied to us.2010s GLOBAL WARMING - we need more government to protect us.LIBERALS today are NOTHING like the authentic liberals of the past.Don't worry somalia....allah is on his way to help you.....after he's done with his paedophilling, that is

No. Climate fluxuations, Poor farming habits, war and over population  may have. Not climate change

Here is my advice to all the nutcases that deny Global Warming: Just click your heels together and say "There is no such thing as Global Warming" and see if that works for you.

Republicans are going to hate these takers of society, they look like they could use ahand up and FOOD STAMPS

Global warming???? Hell, science has proven that there is no such thing as "man caused global warming", it is a natural &amp; cyclical thing that occurs every 25 to 35 yrs for the earth's temperature to rise or fall. Front page of Newsweek back in the '70's that fostered the question "Are we entering a new ice age?". When news is slow, the media will grasp @ any straw to create news, plain &amp; simple. It is all a ruse just to exercise more &amp; more control over the citizenry!!!!

The push on global warming and gay marriage on Yahoo! is out of hand.  You are truly pushing an agenda.

The error that the "global warming believers" make is that this movement is about climate change, when it is really about wealth changeWhen viewed from the proper perspective, everything related to this socialist movement makes perfect sense.For political theft to be possible, a collectivist excuse is required that subordinates private interests to it. Only with the backing of public opinion will the resulting crony capitalism, confiscatory taxation, regulation, and redistribution be possible to inflict on a massive scale. Baraack's inauguration speech is a fine example of showing how to establish the collectivist excuses for the coercion and compulsion that follows.And unfortunatly for us as a Nation, too many people are buying into it.By the way, here's hoping that the #$%$ who put photo's of dying children up to advance their causes spend eternity in a particulary hot corner of hell.

This picture is too much to bear.  My question is forget global warming, why after centuries Africa has never been able to get their act together?  I'm sure I'll be called a racist but I really want to know why there has been so little progress and why the rest of the world has to come in and save them.  For god sakes, teach them how to care for themselves.

The junk science of global warming has nothing to do with it  More like the Neanderthal apes that live in Somalia.

Global warming may have fueled Somali drought?REALLY? WHAT ABOUT THE 100, 000 DROUGHTS BEFORE THIS ONE? GLOBAL WARMING , TOO?Anytime the words "may" or "suggest" are in the same sentence as the word "research" the following statements can be described with the word "garbage".  If something were conclusively proven with the research they would all be only too eager to use a much stronger statement in describing their findings.

These African countries have been in famine for as long as I can remember!

The people need to rise up an overthrow the goverment!

Shameful , embarrassing and totally Yahoo like to use a starving child to help perpetuate the fear of global warming.

ET..... GO HOME...

Can you say ice age ! Happend 7 times so far ! Good luck

The hostility towards the idea that human activity causes climate change is no longer necessary. Given that the US only emits something like 20% of the world's output of carbon emisions, why not just use the idea that what the US does will not matter as the excuse for doing nothing about it?

A hundred years from now conservative voucher schools in the south will have history books blaming global warming on idiot liberals.

UN is a very big joke in the history of humanity. I wonder why they would let such a thing happen, i guess its because Somalia is an African country with no resource to steal from African. A fellow human turning into skeleton while still alive and they considered it just, by sending million of dollars in support of violence in Syria. Evil rules this planet and i am ashamed of the so called  world leaders.

A smart Environmentalist can make a Good name for him self plus Millionsblocking the KEYSTONE PIPELINE..."AND all YOU have to DO is allow YOUR POLITICIANS  to INCREASE  your TAXES and pass more REGULATIONS, and GLOBAL WARMING will go away.""TRUST US, WE ARE YOUR GOVERNMENT."

Keystone Pipeline = Mid-west Drought and Tornado's in the future...Tar-sands are bad to all.Google: Keystone Tar sands

Alaska Crude Oil goes to CHINA!!! The Keystone Oil will Go to China!!!The long term environmental damage in Canada will cause drought in the mid-westalong with tornado's which will wreck havoc and cost us Billions plus the loss of lifeyour property value in the mid-west will drop, FEMA will have to pay for-it.

Drought in a desert? I thought that was what made a desert what it is.

HAARP. Let's see what happens in 2013. Last year had the makings of serious droughts right here in the good ole U.S.

Simple subliminal association - headlines "GLOBAL WARMING" with an irrelevant pic of STARVING BABY nearby.This is IMPLANTED in the liberal memory, presto! You have propaganda.

6 billion plus humans on this one small planet with a finite about of food producing soil.  Man can't keep their pants sipper up and women have forgotten how to say no.  Religion is killing thousands every year and before it is over the Catholic church among others will have led to the killing of over more people than Hitler in WW2. Birth control is available in the real world while the foolish "go forth and multiply," meant for ancient people that rarely had a child reach adulthood available in the invisible fantasy world. A little more of a push, not much just a little, say 1/2 of a percent, and ANY less rainfall ANYWHERE on Earth will cause thousands if not millions of deaths. Business wants more people, more profits even if it means the extinction of humans on Earth, and the same with religious beliefs that are just as ancient as the year states.0001 A.D. I'm to old to care as I won't be here when this house of cards fall, and all the fools will finally be revealed as well as the fools that followed the fools. My goodness, numbers in this situation don't lie...if you can just provide food for the population (and it seems we can't) although using all the tech knowledge we have the time will come when the tech will fail and nature will do the rest. Nature doesn't take sides, nature is not conscious, and doesn't care what dies, how many, why, or where. If natures law is broken nature breaks those that have broken natures law regardless. It is not strange we are living in an era that has the most living things going extinct than ever before and doing so daily. We are the cause and nothing else.  If the young don't put on the brakes they and their children will be living in a dying world and we made it for them. If they don't stop this utter foolishness then they will pay for our mistakes and pay for it dearly.

Global warming may have fueled Somali drought -- Then again, it MAY NOT have fueled the drought.

The ability of man to get it up and impregnate a woman in those god awful conditions never ceases to amaze. I guess we really aren't that much different from animals. That poor little baby in the picture is heartbreaking.

Yes it may have!!!  Its all global warming's fault!Global warming may have caused the drought, but it is mankind that has not stepped in to feed the hungry.

Its all Bushes fault!

gotta stop making babies when there is no foot to feed them

Of course they are gonna blame it on Global Warming how obvious it's amazing how Scientists are so STUPID...

These people are uneducated and therefore we should help them by giving them birth control patches to prevent starvation as well as teaching them to be responsible and not keep popping kids like rats.  The more people, the more hunger.

Poor baby, this is so unexecptable, obama just announced 2 billion in a plan to get cars of gasoline, Cool ? how bout you send 100 million over there, along with aid, food, water, and healthcare!

Yes, global warming is the cause of a drought in the desert. Hurry and raise my taxes fast!!!

These so called scientists are frauds! Many warming trends have happened thoughtout the earth's history yet this one is the result from the burning of fossil fuels? Can't explain the others but they know why this one is happening? Why did the previous warming trends occur?

Global warming had absolutely nothing to do with the Somali drought. There ain't no such thing as global warming !! End of discussion ! Class dismissed !!

If the Obama Administration does everything based on polls, why is he pushing the Climate Change bunk on us? Why isn't he focusing on jobs instead of an issue that is at the bottom of the polling?Global warming is not a fact.  What about sun spots, weather cycles, etc?  The climate always has changed and always will.The science remains unsettled among scientists, despite the catastrophic claims of the media and the bureaucrats who make money from the hoax. The rest of us can believe a lie when it’s repeated often enough, but real scientists just don’t do that.

Corruption at it's worse in Africa. Send a little of that global warming here. Longest coldest spring in a long time, March 15th and we still have more snow coming.

Of tghe trillions of dollars we sent to all these  countries that absolutely hate us, the money should go to feed the poor and starving of the world.

Isnt' that the same picture they've been showing for the past 20 years?

I your furor, shall tax the very air you breathe.  I will use the climate change lie, to make your money, my money.  And my liberal flock of sheep will believe golbal warmming it true, because i say so.

/█/█/█/█/█/█/█/█ ≡≡ █/█/█/█/█/█/█/█/█LET THEM KNOW IT'S CHRISTMAS TIME/█/█/█/█/█/█/█/█ ≡≡ █/█/█/█/█/█/█/█/█◘ ◘ ◘ ◘ ◘that will make allah mad ◘ ◘ ◘ ◘

E T phone home

Yeah, right, sure, that's it.  Global warming.  Never mind the perpetual battles between the Islamist warlords and the feckless Somali government.  Never mind how the Islamists burn fields and blow up storage bins so that they alone will be the ones who control distribution of food to the people.Liberals, your distorted world-view only succeeds in making the world's problems WORSE.

So, stupid idea here, an a bit insensitive.  Don't have kids if you live in a country where food and water every six months is a blessing.  You're bringing a being into the absolute worst possible situation.  Terrible.

YOU SUCK GodEverything is global warming's fault. If you don't think so you are stupid, dumb and deserve to go to hell. It does not matter that the world has not warmed in 17 years, it is still global warmings fault.

sad. we send billions and the hungry get nothing. so we send more money. repetitive stupidity. try  killing the warlords an dtheir minions.

Lack of rainfall absolutely fueled Somali drought.

In other news, climate change may have resulted in droughts and floods and famine in North Korea, bringing them to the brink of starvation.EXCEPT, OF COURSE, THAT RIGHT NEXT DOOR IN SOUTH KOREA, AND EVEN CHINA, FOLKS ARE BASICALLY OKAY.

The Global Warming crow doesn't miss any opportunity to make the guilt ridden accusations that we the people caused any and all tragedies that happen. Their conclusions are the wildest stretch's that you could reach and are aimed directly to us and our innocent children. Despicable. The wold is starving for many things and its because of corrupt politicians and government leadership that will use any excuse to tax the people more, (legitimized stealing if you ask me) so they can spend wildly, waste wildly, and somehow get very rich themselves all at the same time (imagine that).

looks like all those infomercials are NOT working.

Oh for crying out loud I have been to Kenya years ago, and talk about RICH RICH and poor poor... This has nothing to do with global warming but with their government.   While am very sympathetic, but what comes to mind is SAM KINISON which was a preacher turned comic.  He said don't send aid.. Send Air lift and MOVE Them to where there is WATER and food. All the aide won't help if it gets routed to the RICH in Kenya.. .that let their own starve.

If there is a drought it is caused by Global Warning/Climate Change (GWCC).  Flooding, GWCC, high temperatures, GWCC.  low temperatures CWCC..  As for the  Met Office's computer modeling study, he who writes the program gets the result he wants.

Chemtrail spraying is trapping heat in.  It is blocking sunlight from the plants that take in carbon dioxide.    Its gotta stop now.

Somalia has always had droughts I remember seeing images of starving children and charities asking for money back in the early 70's.The article headlines "Global Warming MAY have caused Somali Drought" which liberals will translate to, "Man Made Climate change CAUSED Somali Drought". Climate change is  a natural occurrance.

Mans inhumanity to man.  As the world population magnifies, it will be in poor countries like this.  Because of world wide rotten political sytems controlled by the rich, there will be no help.  As food resources dwindle, ti is a bleak future for the poor.

There is no global warming. Global warming  is a creation of socialist political hacks like Barack Hussein O666ama in order to dupe people into paying more taxes in the form of an energy tax.

Now AGW is blamed on low rain levels in Africa, which happen every year.  Someone needs to go back and look at the history of droughts in Africa.  Too much work I am sure, easier to blame fiction.

a new chimp born at the zoo

give them some food stamps.send a drone with some rice and a cell phone for when they get low.

Notice how the stories say "may have"?

We have been seeing pics of starving africans my whole life, despite the billions given them

What a pathetic picture of victimization starvation,and where did Billy Graham, evanglist, derive that statement from??? Global Warming; Global Warming; Global Warming. Finally deduced its' meaning at Luke 21, Droughts and food poison in sea water from atmospher. recomend every body plant walnut/pecan/almond trees rather than shade trees to provide a food source. A horror video for our Heavenly Host Entertainment

Blame China.Jesus, can we get that kid some food please?  A sandwich..?  Anything?    Is it really that impossible..?

Manbearpig is in there and we all have to kill him while we all have the chance, I'm cereal!

how could you keep having babies knowing they are going to starve to death?

Geo-engineering may have fuled Somali drought.

The liberal global warming idiots will grab onto anything to make their point, they lie about everything they can that happens in the world, and then yahoo puts pictures like this on their web site. to show this picture on to push your agenda shows just how deceitful these people are.

The headline tells you all you need to know about the media in 2013. Global Warming MAY have fueled....No credibility at all in anything. People can just 'report' as fact and just speculate anything they want and nobody knows what to believe. It's the ugly side of free speech unfortunately.

"al-Shabab refused to allow food aid int the wide areas under it's control in Somalia"..This should be the headline instead of trying to turn this into a global warming story.

At first I thought it was a dam bat!

200 years ago the somali was a desert,and famine was rampant everywhere,when the british went in to quell the muslims,sound familiar?so the lesson is,do not try to live in the freakin desert,there is no food or water,been dry since the sahara went dry,6,000 yrs ago.this is a #$%$ poor excuse to put that picture up top,losers.

I hate the elitist attitudes seen here on this forum. Did no one notice that 50,000 to 100,000 people died? Means squat to a lot of people here, or those that are basically saying it's their fault this happened. I feel sorry for the people that are suffering, but I feel more sorry for the sense of entitlement demonstrated on this forum.so why can’t these people drill for water like everyone else? It's sad to see babies dying over something so easy to fix.

I have been seeing these pictures all my life and the people who are breeding like animals need to be shot. There is no reason to bring this awful life to a child. I am sure after 50 years of this same picture they could have fixed the adults to stop breeding.

What else are they going to blame on global warming?? Guess it could not just be the natural progression of the earth in its life cycle.

I dont understand how these people even have fertility when they are starving to death?

This global warming hoax is now spreading to the countries that have limited rainfall forever? Unreal...l

this is #$%$ - there were sever droughts and bad storms and hurricanes and snow storms,etc, forever throughout history and way before the industrial age of man - who do you blame for that?  the weather we have is cyclical look at history. i am so tired of "global warming". if you want the truth - ever since the ice age we warming up! it has nothing to do with man or industry - even though you liberal gore, kool-aid drinking, lovers, spew this garbage only  to hide your real agenda. and the purposely uninformed people believe it. instead of playing games on their smart phones maybe they should actually read real information instead of taking the media's word for it. it is sad what is happening with the drought, but they purposely picked the picture to get your emotions flowing first, so they could tell you anything because all you want to do is help that child. horrible how they will use anyone and anything to push their agenda

These FNing liberals will stoop to unknown depths to promote their agenda.

Enough of this bs global warming krap........... This is Al gores revenge for losing the election to Bushy............ They should all stand trial and then..........................

Libtard logic!

spray some more"Global warming MAY have FUELED Somali drought"The media are COWARDS, aren't they? They have to say 'MAY  HAVE" and "FUELED" but they refuse to commit to their own assertion.They got their phoney SUGGESTION through to the liberal followers loud and clear, though.

perhaps stop having babies would stop the children from starving. My wife and I waited untill we were both financially stable and secure in our careers, before we ever considered having children...I know..I am such a cold hearted, uncaring conservative....shame on me.

The "Global Warmers" need to give it up and get I life. The earth goes thru cycles, the sun goes thru cycles, and an ice age is the worst thing that can happen by far.

Such bs! just  more shameless propagandizing for the nwo profiteers

ET has been found!

200 dead Fast and Furious Mexicans think you should trust Obama when he says Global Warming is true.

Look at Global Warming. DON'T look at Obama's UNEMPLOYMENT RATE.Thank you.Signed, The Liberal Media.

Somalies affected by this drought should sue US Republicans and Republican votors for allowing this to happen.

Wow, it's amazing how global warming only chooses to strike where people live in thug-run, third world ratholes, and have no personal freedom.

You and Al Gore can blame it on Global Warming but this part of the World has been plaqued with war and pestilance for a long time.  MANMADE everybodygod that baby looks like ET! thats not funny though,its terrible

Thats starvin marvin he does exist !

Yes, and the Midwest was to have above normal temps right now! They can't even predict the weather two days in advance with a 50% accuracy, but can predict the climate a hundred years from now. If and when Iceland or Yellowstone ever erupts I can predict a major global cooling that will kill millions of people and last decades with 100% accuracy.

About tow dozen possibilities can be dreamed up on what caused the drought. Each one MAY be the cause.Or, it is just Natural Climate which has been inflicting droughta somewhere on the planet for millions of years.

So, whats wrong about our government? We spend billions to make war, we sent war machines and billions to countries to make war.....then blame things such as this on man made golbal warming.

Global warming may have caused this weird feeling in my pants

it never ceases to amaze me how so many people with no scientific education whatsoever are so certain that things like climate change, evolution, etc must be a hoax, simply because they don't understand it.then again, these are typically the same people who are certain a magic sky daddy will set them up in a big mansion in the clouds as long as they don't think too much about the world around them.

Maybe there's a lot of natunal factors that rips apart a country, but the human factor is more mortal, religion these poor people lives and die for islam just add war, poverty and corruption  and voila we have something horrible like famine and lots of children dying, and is not acceptable!! beacuse their leaders don't move a finger to fix this mess!!

Shameless! we scream, how dare them  show us pictures like these.  Let us reciprocate and send them to Lady Gaga, she can send them pictures of her gold plated wheelchair!Frankly, there is no where to hide our shame.

Global warming will not stop. Each new ton of carbon we throw up in the atmosphere will cause more warming. It's not rocket science.  Eventually, our own US farms will be affected (actually they already have been - in Texas and the South, and in the northern grain belt all in the last four years).Some day there will be photos of American kids looking like the photo. You will reject this idea because it is not on your 6 O'clock news. Its not on your news because big oil and coal stop it from being on your news. We are Lemmings, driven by the economic system, and over the cliff we'll all go, probably sooner than we think.i regret eating just now....you #$%$ censor #$%$ people NEED to see but this.....why not do something about it then to just show this with no #$%$ warning?!! this country sickens me!!!

Let me get this straight, this is the first time they have had a drought?

I'm so sorry to see so many without any food but this headline is just BS.....what can they blame all the past famines on......ones that happened hundreds of years ago....global warming this and global warming that.....makes it easy to blame when scientists don't want to spend the time actually determining the real cause.....

Global warming may free up thousands of arable land that can be used to grow crops and food to help feed the worlds hungry, as well!

We have been seeing these pictures for the last 50 years. Bad things happen! Please don't try to associate bad things with a poor excuse for a theory!

The only aid they should receive is condoms.  Stop having kids whats wrong with you people!!

Ummm, you live in A DESERT!!  Nuff said!

Im so glad that more and more plp are waking up to the bs man made global warming rhetoric.  I belived in it too until i saw the club of rome documents from the 70s where they were pushing "Global Cooling"  until that petered out... look it up yourselves Club of Rome Global Cooling and connect the dots....

guess the republicans were/are lying about "no such thing as global warming"..as usual.

"research by British climate scientists suggests"Next week it will turn magically to fact, instead of saying 'suggests', and all the little stupid warmers around the planet will complain even louder about oil users.They just can't learn.  Man does NOT cause warming.  The SUN and WATER VAPOR do.Look it upSo sad God bless that little boy.

This type of article brings out all the bleeding heart liberials. You people are such hypocrites! You push articles like this to advance your agenda. But your agenda promotes using food for fuel, cutting off water to farms in CA which provides somewhere around 30% of the WORLDS food to "save" the smelt.  Hasn't this been a problem over there since... forever. Seems to me there was an event we know as "Blackhawk down" from the movie. Why were we there? But now you want us to believe that things had been wonderful in that part of the world until the 40's.The same people that want to use the tragic deaths of children then support abortion. Support abortions but despise captial punishment. Complain about climate change causing famine but then put food in your car for fuel. You want to save a fish but complain about famine. Claim science as your moral compass but then ignore science they don't like.My God when will my brothers and sisters in America say enough is enough?

Whats sad is the multi-trillion dollar space missions to mars in hopes to find life and Obama trying to get gays married off and disarming American citizens.. Then you have a child that looks like this. How sad.

This area of the world continually experiences drought periodically which is NORMAL for this region and not a result of global warming.  People are starving because of war, not weather.

Just more dead Groiids... let's have some "global warming" in Chicago and DC.

Time for an Obama photo-op.

It is estimated that farmers now produce sufficient food to feed 12 billion people—5 billion more than the current population of our planet. The issues are mainly problems related to economics, distribution, and waste and greed.

Oh my, chalk up another one for global warming.  Let's see, global warming causes; record drought, record floods, record hurricanes, record tornadoes, record blizzards, record cold, record heat, and every weather event will now have a name.  Whatever the weather is, it will soon be a record, because they re-cord it.  Why isn't the weather channel nominated for Oscars, for the best drama series.  Hopefully soon, america will overcome the ignorance of liberalism!

Do any of these third world people, and we have them right here in the US, ever think that it might be a bad idea to have kids if they can't even take care of themselves?  Third World being more of an attitude than a race or country.

Manbearpig causes global warming everytime he opens his piehole.It's Africa. They live in a craphole in a desert with no viable form of governing. What the heck do you expect?I'm sure the pirates are doing fine...."Scientists with Britain's weather service studied weather patterns in East Africa in 2010 and 2011 and found that yearly precipitation known as the short rains failed in late 2010 because of the natural effects of the weather pattern La Nina."This does not fit the predictable political narrative of the lamestream media however, so almost in the same breath:"unless urgent action is taken to slash greenhouse gas emissions, temperatures in East Africa will continue to rise and rainfall patterns will change.".... followed by; "Stott said that the evidence is "very strong" that the planet is warming due to an increase in greenhouse gases. He noted that the study indicates that both natural causes — La Nina and the short rains — and man-made causes contributed to Somalia's drought.".... followed again with "Global warming is caused by the burning of fossil fuels — coal, oil and natural gas — which sends heat-trapping gases, such as carbon dioxide, into the air, changing the climate, 'scientists' say."Typical liberal double-speak, they talk out of both sides of their mouths, and offer no proof whatsoever of global warming being man-caused. My B.S. detector goes off every time I see a story such as this!

This is a BS story....what a load of hooey...

Yeah well, it might also be due to Joe Biden spewing so much hot air.

GW has nothing to do with anything, in fact the drought is just ongoing earth change, which is the norm.p.s. is it the sun/volcano's that drives the weather.

I love the comment that Global Warming or Climate Change is the perfect political cry for all circumstances.  Somehow climate changes have now morphed into a man made problem.  If only our ancestors had taken responsibility for this problem thousands of years ago we might still have the dinosaur.

The science doesn't add up!  Let's assume for the sake of argument that global warming is a reality, which I don't believe is manmade, but we'll assume is correct here.  If there is global warming, one manifestation of it would be melting of the polar ice caps.  That would result in more liquid water, higher sea levels, and more total surface area covered by water.  That, coupled with the increased temperature, would result in increased evaporation thereby introducing more water vapor into the atmosphere, which would result in increased rainfall!

So it could have also read "Global warming may not have fueled Somali drought".

"MAY HAVE contributed to global warming" doesn't sound so absolute from these douchebags who are so absolute about global warming/climate change/carbon dioxide based atmospheric manipulations and whatever else you want to call it.

If the scientists are correct regarding climate change and more droughts are part of the future than at the very least it should get a lot easier for those in doubt to bury their heads in the increasing amounts of sand.

Oh, Global warming caused this and not the mega-banks putting Dictators in place and stealing the world's money and resources.  Oh, thanks for the brilliant insight, Jason.Sigh......here we go again with the global warming.

Not buying global warming concept.  Did that also cause the ice age?

These weather forcasters have their nose too close to someones #$%$

There is NO GLOBAL WARMING this is a HOAX!!!!! Jesus!

Scientists proclaim Sahara Desert is direct result of man made climate change....

is that obama as a baby

"Don't send them food. Send  them U-Hauls. They live in the DESERT for christ sake!"-Sam Kinison

More disgusting tactics from the people who want to get into your pockets. I say a show on one of the educational channels the other day where thay were blaming volcanic eruptions on global warming.They'll be blaming unemployment on it next.

BS report and fake correlation. The so called "Global Warming" is a hoax hijacked by special interest groups. Studied, researched, and proved! :)

And the Sphinx in Egypt was worn away by water damage.....so they have global warming there too?????  If Al Gore isn't there to make a movie does that mean it's NOT global warming but instead, natural climage changes.....don't forget, a lot of the US was covered by oceans at one time and Wisconsin and Minnesota have so many lakes because there were glaciers....that melted.....so global warming way back then and not a car in sight to cause it!  Huh!omg, this is horrible. Poor baby, oh my I never seen such thing as this. They need to move out the desert and get into the real word in Africa if the conditions out there not going to get any better.

this is a process of natural selecting, this generation, or future generations of the humans in somali well be biologically more drought resistant compared to the average human in other parts of the world.

Tell Congress and T.Boone Pickens NO to the Keystone pipeline the environmentaldamage in Canada will be felt world wide, if you went to Canada and saw the miningdamage it would make you sick in fact being there will cause cancer it's all aboutGET THE MONEY NOW...

What caused the ice age? and the glaciers that disappeared before the dawn of man? It was Fred Flintstones car.

combine global warming with corrupt, greedy government and the result in the death of thousands of people....We live in a world of global warming and Ice cold hearts.

SOYLENT GREEN is getting nearer.

I guess they don't have Chemtrails in Somalia to make it rain there like they do in the First World. We can ship food over there, but we can't make them some rain so they can grow their own?

Take a good look, America. This is going to be us in a few years if we don't get some jobs here! "Global Warming" will have absolutely nothing to do with it!  It's already starting with homelessness. From there, it's a down hill roll!

Somebody get that kid some Food and Water!!!!

Yeah, and the warming was caused by man...and really only rich men...and we can fix it by taking their wealth...then we will take the wealth of the not so rich men...and everyone will live happily ever after on a still warming planet.omg the sight of that baby is heartbreaking..every human being no matter where you are deserves to be well nourished..my heart breaks

They got attacked by Manbearpig and Manbearpig leaves no one alive, I'm super cereal!

I wonder.... what caused all the other droughts throughout earths history since they are all caused by global warming now...

Classic.  The libs are so intent on pushing their "global warming" propaganda, they don't mind whitewashing over the obvious reason for the crisis: a deadly war centering around the metastasizing spread of radical Islam.

Mid and Northeast snow storms fueled by new Ice Age.

In other scientific news, researchers discovered that between 24 percent ant 99 percent of the cause of social problems in the world in 2011 can be attributed to... warlords.I'm looking at you, Kim Jong Un...

And people say Global warming is bad. See there are benefits.

America &amp; the rest of the uncaring selfish so called civil world &amp; including the not so civil dont care about anything but there own people &amp; there own bottom lines.Africa has been raped by the rest of the world for thousands of yrs. &amp; more so today but all the peoples of the world have plunderd mother Africa without pause leaving the mother of all humankind in a state of never ending war &amp; hunger,if Africa was more unbroken &amp; united maybe the world would not be as funked up as it is now because the Arabs &amp; the Jews would have to contend with a strong &amp; united Africa instead of the secpool that it is now,but the world dont give a rats !@# about mother Africa or there frist family the black race.I for one am american of African descent &amp; before any haters got anything to say about what im saying should but there feet in a black mans shoes &amp; think,we care about our homeland just like any other race on earth that cares about there homeland &amp; being a desendant of slaves i am in the best position to state these facts about my homeland.Dont my homeland deserve the same rescept as the people of Syria,Israel.Eygpt,Tailand,Bosnia etc.this world will (i mean the world kingdoms because the earth belongs to the most high) is doomed for a big fall because in part of the neglect of mother Africa,so peoples of the world,China,Russia,Europe,America etc.think about what im saying,&amp; if you dont you do so at your own peril,anyway the lord  of host will remeber mother Africa.peace be on to you peoples of the great mother earth.

Hey Democrats. Why isn't Obama doing something?

What is going on here? I haven't seen a post blaming Bush, yet!Global Warming is responsible for everything, including all wars, stock market crashes, inflation, world series losses, etc

Why isn't some of that aide in the form of birth control?

Can somebody please show this picture to Obama before his next campaigning extravaganza with his hollywood cronies on April 4th? The one where he's charging $32k for lunch to go to the Democratic campaign fund.

They breed like roaches, live like heathens, don't work and they are wondering why they are dying by the thousands. The brick s$$t house has hit you guys and you don't even know it.

The human body's will to live is absolutely incredible! I cannot even imagine how or why that baby is still alive !

Well, it's tough to be sure.  It may have,,,, It may not have.  It might have,,,It might not have.  But this is how A.P. reports supposed "news"... Invent a possible "problem" then write a story around it.  Thing here, a drought in Somalia, isn't what I'd call a... problem.

OBAMA BABY PIC. LOL

It's called a CONDOM people!

That's tens of thousands of people that won't be imported by your state department (on your dime) to "enhance diversity" in what's left of your country.

I wish folks would cut out the term 'Global Warming'  More correct is -- Climate Change'Didn't the USA state of Oklahoma once have a problem with Gorebal Warming which contributed to an influx of Okies in CA?

Look at that thing, I'd feed it my shoe... Lol

It really makes allot of sense, to know that all of the schools, fast food chains, restaurants, and many other eateries that need to throw all of the food away and not allowed it to be given away and to know that all of these children are starving. Why can't they get the food out there ?

E.t goooo hooome!!

Based on this picture I went to Rescue dot org the International Rescue Committee site and made a donation.  Please good people do the same if you can.  I am unemployed but have all the food I need.  I can't bear to imagine what it's like to have nothing, nothing, and have your body devour itself like that.

"Yeah, yeah, it was global warming, sure, right."Said the Somali warlord, loosening his belt after eating a huge plate of roasted camel meat and rice.After all, he needed to make some room for the dessert of halva and gashaato.

THE KEYSTONE PIPELINE WILL ADD TO GLOBAL DIMMINGThe loss of particulate matter from plane grounding after 9/11 caused a 1 degree celsius warming which is huge climatologically.To the skeptics, the truth always lies somewhere in between,How could so many different scientists in different areas stumble upon the same conclusions? And thank goodness for the blessing of this protection from the warming, yet how long will it last? Is it a good thing?When all planes everywhere were ground in the chaos of the 9/11 attacks, the particulate matter of plane exhaust was gone disappeared, pan evaporation went, or global dimming now reported as lower,shot UP in those two days!!!

"May have fueled" ... right...

regardless of how you feel about climate change, that picture moves me. its hard to live in america when people are living like that. peace corps once my savings are up.

Whether itGs the drought or the war, it's still man-made. If it's both, it's just two-fold. It's just a tradgedy &amp; a shame!Global warming DID cause the Somalia drought and it's the United States fault! The US should pay Somalia $100billion in damages.

Africa is suffering for its past…and will continue to have major problems….i will not say more….

Tell Congress and T.Boone Pickens NO to the Keystone pipeline the environmentaldamage in Canada will be felt world wide, if you went to Canada and saw the miningdamage it would make you sick in fact being there will cause cancer it's all aboutGET THE MONEY NOW...

"between 24 percent and 99 percent of the cause of the failure of the 2011 rains can be attributed to the presence of man-made greenhouse gases." That inaccuracy says it all. Don't trust these global warming hacks or their computers. Earth has been warming since before the industrial age. Computers are more accurate than this. The problem is that programs are written to give the desired results. Would you trust any other result, survey, or such that had a whopping 75 point difference? Think of it this way. Flip the result, and it indicates that between 1% and 76% of the failure could be due to natural warming.

Show me all the monkey babies you want, it sand, nothing grows in sand!

Strange how droughts happen all the time in the southwest U.S. and people don't starve. Couldn't possibly be that whole capitalism, rule of law sort of thing that explains it?

I wonder why I was not aware of this. I monitor the media from several countries pretty regularly. I think this said during 2011-2012 or so. It occurred to me that, possibly the boy in the picture was one of the lucky ones...I (subconsciously even) tried to envision what he would or will look like age 25 or so and wondered if he will ever make it to this age. I shed a few tears when I saw it.

Here we go with the global warming B.S. again. Because you drive an SUV and breathe there is starving baby born every second. Yahoo, why would you spread such dangerous lies? Why not address the real reason those people are starving. You know what I think, media lie is the reason for the "drought" in Somali.

They shouldn't be having kids if those third world countries have no food.  Damn, jesus didn't bless Africa with water.

That's the son of Skeletor! LOLDisgusting people. That is the future of all third world countriesyeah, and i left my oven door open for a minute while i placed an item in it, so I too contributed to global warming. What a bunch of b@llsh#$%$ hot there because it's always been hot there. And it's cold and snowy in antartica because it's always snowed there.

.."The Met Office's computer modeling study found that between 24 percent and 99 percent of the cause of the failure of the 2011 rains can be attributed to the presence of man-made greenhouse gases, Stott said."" OMG LOL, so ahhh I'm no mathematician but let me get this straight? u mean green house has caused anywhere from less than 1/4 percent all the way to 100 percent harm to Somalia?? man is responsible for less then 25 percent up to 100 percent of global warning. by the way, we'll leave it up to YOU TO DECIDE, cause those two figures are so close that we figured u get the " picture right (DYING INFANT)?" less then 1/4 percent of man caused green house effect which has caused the Taliban to not allow food into Somalia so we could feed this child. Hmmm NICE....KICK THE #$%$ OUTTA THE TALIBAN ALREADY!

I thought the article was going to be able finding the real "Starvin Marvin" from South Park. Boy was I wrong. Dang Global warming might have been a problem. Let me know when it really is a problem.

Well yeah that can happen if you live in a DESERT!!

Stay thirsty my friends.

Too many pollution/dust particles up in the atmosphere. During the week that followed the 9/11 attacks no planes/jets were flying. The sky was a bright and beautiful blue. Anyway, a young scientist proved that too many particles in the air causes rain drops to divide and divide and divide until they are so small they would evaporate before hitting the ground. This is why the Saraha Desert, and others are expanding. We are in trouble if the slash and burning doesn't stop, or it may be too late. See, I didn't use the word carbon once, but that's the main culprit. Carbon particles in the clouds. Stop burning forests and stop flying.

Nice job showing a totally unrelated picture yahoo.  Way to push your agenda.

things that make you think if there is really a God gods, disproportion here we have people dying from obesity where there are other countries where their people die of starvation two things that are totally preventable, so sad

If USA don't kill them by their drones, there are countries that are helping them

I think we should blame al gore for this!SO MUCH FOR YOUR PROBLEMS!

I don't care what religion someone is, when will rationality prevail and humanity start using some goddam* ed birth control???

Global warming is a natural phenomenon - the tilting of the earth's poles. Not saying man doesn't have any effect. Man's effect is very minimal. Global warning is a hoax!

"Global warming may have contributed to ........." . These guys call themselves "scientists"?They would be just as accurate writing "Arkansas anti-abortionists may have contributed to Somalia drought." My God we are wasting a lot of money on a lot of crazies coming up with meaningless politically correct speculation.

Mother Nature may have fueled Somali drought! President Obama may have fueled Somali drought! Yahoo may have fueled Somali drought! Nicki Minaj's hot air may have fueled Somali drought!  Until you are 100% positive on anything don't report about it!

Is this what Area 54 has been hiding?

#$%$!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Lets see if we all understand, It rain's,Global warming. It doesn't rain, Global warming. It snow's, Global warming. It doesn't snow, Glogal warming. It's hot, Global warming. It's cold, Global warming.  It storm's, Global warming. It doesn't storm, Global warming. Do we all get the picture.The only way this can happen is it's a scam.

corruption, wars, and greed from corporations and banks who own them for sure did cause this.let's stop looking at what may have caused it and we can look at the real causes.

According to the Repugs they just need to take responsibility for themselves and get a job...The CORE of mankind's ecological destruction is overpopulation ...The bleeding heart "do gooders" want to feed and medicate every boil on the #$%$ of humanity and keep them breeding more of the same.And the business contingent wants to put them all in a house with two cars in every garage.Alive and breathing, on Earth today, are MORE PEOPLE than have lived and died in human history.Inevitable future wars and famine should reduce the present population by 2/3 ... if done properly.A sustainable, ecologically responsible, world population would probably be about 3 billion for a modern day world.Cold, I know ... but realistic.Now, let the rants and invectives commence!

Horrible sight!  Just think about this- people are always thinking and giving to "help Africa".  Why are the people still need and hungry? We need to starve those African dictators; stop giving them our money.

If they can't house, feed, clothe and provide healthcare, they shouldn't be having kids.

Whether your beliefs are left or right, rich or poor, religious or not, a lack of contraception is a huge problem that just keeps adding to the starvation issue.

Google Global Deming 911 there is Satellite footage and global Deming causes globalwarming,the low evaporation rate is caused by commercial air craft. one fix would be tostop intercontinental air travel....

Wait, when there was a drought 7,000 years ago that was caused by global warming too?

My equally valid research has reached the conclusion that global warming 'may not' have contributed to this Somali drought.Where is my grant money now?

The key word is "may". More disinformation from an agenda driven media. Pictures of starving children are always heartbreaking, but , it isn't the overhyped "climate change" that's responsible.

Has anyone shown them how to use a condom or take a birth control pill?

Hot Air from JASON STRAZIUSO may have fueled the drought in Somalia too!  Coulda woulda shoulda needs to be banned in journalism.  Either report a story or not but please quit making inane remarks where you use 'may', 'could', 'might' and other language that indicates you are lying!May have ... or May not have .... if GW even really exists .... may or may not ... you gotta love "Junk Science".

Global warming MAY have contributed to famine in Somalia.May have. Ya but more likely it's the inhabitants of Somalia over breeding, over grazing leading to desertification, #$%$-poor farming and management of their country. But hey, what do I know i just study history.

put some junk in their food that will make them stop breeding a new baby every fing year !!!!!

u see ...shadow gov...do u think this wicked? thats could be u have no doubt...do u think this wicked? bono dont even know what wicked is yet....remember I know the truth and the devil does not have to lie..because i love your fear...this is why they ran..they ran from the truth..the truth has not gone away...and now the truth has turned even more wicked...no other KING besides myself..they all lie to u..and theirselfs...Brain washed fools that all you are...brain washed and you will sit with that..when i could go upstair with a army right now and tear them the #$%$ apart

How do you think our ancestors didn't starve?  THEY MOVED!

They have no food but obviously they find plenty of energy to have sex like rabbits!?

the men and women must be healthy and fed ..  they manage to breed a new baby every 9 months .

Did it cause the 1984 drought in Ethiopa too?

see u wipe my post..cowerds ..thats all u r ..if your not men enough here..u boys r in a world of #$%$

little sissy hypnotist..all of u..it makes me hate so much..all you muther #$%$ will crycry'n like a #$%$ bono...here it come's GOD SMACK

Or, the drought was caused by weather modification, as are many weather events.

you see the devil would treat you kinder then that...because my agenda would have much more logic behind it...dumb little souls u follow...what #$%$ me off the most they bring me down here for this war..and run like sissy's because of it...the devil only exepts real men...like Jesus and Joseph

it disgusts me seeing so many OBESE fat kids in America.

Global warming? Was not the term changed to "climate change" since real science has shown the global warming computer models are, pardon the pun, all wet???

so i guess that  during  Robert Scott's 1911/12 expedition to antarctica he died from global cooling ,,

Stop all the hot gaseous emissions from d.c., and there would be no global warming....

I am a believer that if we continue to desecrate the earth, there may eventually be some negative consequences. Whether it's global warming or not, I don't know because the earth's temperatures have always changed throughout it's history. With that being said, I just think with solid research and time, (That has ZERO political agenda behind it, just some people trying to make the world a better place) we can come up with cleaner types of energy, that is much cheaper for American's, and is very abundant. Lastly, whether you believe in global warming or you think it is all a hoax, one thing is for sure... This article about starvation because of global warming is complete and utter BS! There has been famine there always! They live in a desert environment! They are extremely poor and still continue to breed! Why would you have children if you knew that they had only a mediocre chance of survival and you were unable to support them?? I am sorry for the children that have no control, but we are not doing so well over here right now and donating money is not the answer. I am sorry if that sounds harsh, but if we continue to help people that will not help themselves, then we will end up like that someday. We already have this problem in the United States, we take care of people who will not take care of themselves, and it hurts us, the ones working hard, barely scraping by as it is...

50,000 damn 250,000 would be better

So why did it rain in 2012?  Gimme a break....Global warming is that lowest common denominator is a case like this.  Firstly, it's Somalia.  A country controlled by warlords, Islamists, and pirates; how many aid organizations even dare to send their people their.  Secondly, Africa does not have any GMO crops because they are the main source of agriculture for Europe, and Europe does not allow any GMO crops, so therefore Africa doesn't have them either.  Complain all you want about Monsanto, but if Africa allowed GMOs their occurances of famine and pestilence would drop drastically.Fix those two things, then we can start talking about how global warming is causing droughts in the area, if there still is a problem.

I find some of these comments very disturbing. It doesn't matter who did it, who's to blame, what matters is this 7 month old baby has been reduced to a skeleton while we battle an obesity problem here. This is not to offend anyone or the person that made the comment, but they use the pictures of the starving kids to not just push the issue of global warming but to show the grave situation they are faced with everyday.

I'm sure our president Hussein will send them water along with billions of the great tax paying citizens of the former United States of America.

Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach a man how to fish and he will eat for a lifetime.On another note I would rather see our money go to these children, not the Muslim Brotherhood. #$%$

24% to 99%???That is mathematically not meaningful.  The error bars outweigh the scale.Another way to state this is 62% plus or minus 38%.  I bet they get a pretty good confidence interval with that, but it is a meaningless statement.Jason, as a journalist you are going to have to learn to ask questions when people present numbers like that.This is a poor journalist reporting about a poor mathematician masquerading as a scientist.  Stott is an issue advocate, a poor statistician and not a scientist at all.  He knew his conclusion before he gathered his data and stated so.

Does the world want to have a just war then get the F over there kill thoes SOB and feed these people. It too simple!!

Here is what I do not understand.....Why not move or relocate these people to areasthat they can survive in and have their needs met first of all?Even sending food, money,vaccines will not solve the problems if the areas they are in are close to inhumane.Relocate these people, then help them get on their feet then look to institute education, health and other necessities. Once this is done, look to establishing a functional government and teach these people to become self sufficient.This is something that may take years or centuries to overcome but it could be possible.

Shame on the churches that go over there and will only provide food aid but condemn birth control. If ever there was a need for birth control, it is this.

why not stop having babies, please?

They live the frikken desert, how much rain do they expect.Breaking news the sahara desert didn't get much rain this year.Shameless state-controlled ASSociated Propogandists hitting all DNC socialist hoax crusades propoganda piece by propoganda piece.

Al Gore is right. Just the God knows how he got to thisconclusion but it is definitively a global warming result.Even the harsh winter in the US is the effect of globalwarming.

Whenever a scientific article says 'May have' they mean 'did not until proven otherwise'.

Kim K, put on like 40 lbs.

WOW!!! I wasn't ready to see that. One of the worst things I have ever seen.

Who cares?....just black children.From what I am hearing from a lot of the racists and such here in the U.S.there is little concern for these people.

why do these people even have kids... ? oh yes, sex is free or might cost as much as a tree leaf or cup of water!

on the other hand it may have been the increase in solar output

that should be u

Is that "PAUL" ?Thats a damn shame.

We keep sending food to them,and the warlords intercept it.If we're going to keep sending food to them then send in the Marines with it.Let's see just how brave the warlords really are.

Why don't these ppl telling and showing pics about things like this...instead of airing related commercials for over 5 thousand dollars per airing - use that money to help! Pawn the camera u took to photograph them! Quit worrying about publicizing the good things you do! Build them resources.....good drief. 50-100 thousand dead. All bcuz they'd rather publicize it than actually DO SOMETHING 2 HELP.

see that shadow gov...that could be u..or even worse..bono turned many of his men into animals..let them go..he dont care about any of u..and yet u sit with him..I could make it rain right now from upstairs..thats how they flooded the world..you wanna know why they flooded the world? because there were to many men like yourselfs down here..getting to wicked...so they wiped you out..because they could not control you

In Egypt the Sphinx water erosion caused by prolonged and extensive rainfall. There were several serious climate change the last 100,000 years that had nothing to do with humanity. Part of Siberia used to be subtropical, and most part of Europe is permanently frozen.Global warming is a huge business that is involved by many super corporations. It is sad and tragic that people die of starvation in Africa but they did also 30-40 years ago when the temperature was dropping and they were predicting a new ice-age coming.Lies, lies, and lies. Shame.

Stupidity lead to al those deaths, from war lords to living in a desert that has no water to grow  food. Nothing to do with global warming which is a natural occurance with mother nature

The mom is big and fat and the baby is starving. If this were in the U.S., She would be locked up for child abuse.

So a non-existent problem is what caused a real crisis?

owwl.  that picture of that little black baby is so sad!  poor little guy.  Dont they have those commercial's where they ask people for money to feed them? what are doing with that money, pocketing it!

Very sad but this is NOT a man made issue.  It is nature at its worst.  These people need a better infrastructure and homes and medicne along with water and food.There is Starvation in Somalia because those primitive backward people are unable to stop killing each other to organize into civil societies able to grow food and feed their populations.   There is Starvation in Somalia because those people live in a desert.   Global Warming or not, its not the fault of the USA or any other country....some cultures are simply inferior and backward and unable to evolve to meet the realities of a changing world.

Hosea 4:1-2 : 1Hear the word of the LORD, ye children of Israel: for the LORD hath a controversy with the inhabitants of the land, because there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land. 2By swearing, and lying, and killing, and stealing, and committing adultery, they break out, and blood toucheth blood.Luke 21:11: And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven.

We are humans and Nomads have been around Since Christ .Why would anyone stay put in a dry barren area .Just get up and move where there is water and food Right .Animals do it .Someone help me understand this ?

so, what cause all of the previous droughts?

well to bad we give them food all the time but all they do is grow up ,hating us begging for more they never freakin learn we cant feed all the lazy #$%$ any more

That kid in the photo above look's like that after a one year of drought. I don't think so..

Well there it is, now that we have isolated the problem, we now can get off of fossil fuels and consumerism and the somalians will than be good to go.

Me passing gas may have created this drought. LOL the fools writing these need to get their heads out of their behinds.

Climate control is a cult.

the zealots must need more money.. for more studies..its not global warning ...some people at some regiions dont have brains and dont want to delveop it ......these people should not never lead a country ....

hot chilli peppers may have caused my hemorrhoids...too

Al Gore in a private jet spews more carbon than a nuclear power plant.

You ain't seen nothin yet folks !RIP little ones ... RIP

that is sad

And all we do is complain. Look at the picture people. This is the state if many countries in the world. With all our technological advances we are still a primitive species.

Try to adopt this child and it will cost you $20,000 and 20 miles of red tape!  Not to mention, we hope that all this government aid is going to people like this... Guess not?

Allah works in mysterious ways

I repeat for more attention because I am a loser:The error that the "global warming believers" make is that this movement is about climate change, when it is really about wealth changeWhen viewed from the proper perspective, everything related to this socialist movement makes perfect sense; I am a socialist and a Communist, I know from FIRST hand experience.For political theft to be possible, a collectivist excuse is required that subordinates private interests to it. Only with the backing of public opinion will the resulting crony capitalism, confiscatory taxation, regulation, and redistribution be possible to inflict on a massive scale. president Obama's inauguration speech is a fine example of showing how to establish the collectivist excuses for the coercion and compulsion that follows. I feel burned by him because I voted for him and now he's tougher on terrorism than Bush ever was; he got Osama bin Laden.And unfortunatly for us as a Nation, too many people are buying into it as I bought into it.By the way, here's hoping that the #$%$ who put photo's of dying children up to advance their causes spend eternity in a particulary hot corner of hell. I have a nice seat for them beside me.

If Africans would only unite, the wealth of their country would allow them to end this vicious cycle of being dominated and ignored.The War Lords are not suffering there and are still bragging about killing our Army Rangers and Delta Force troops while Clinton did nothing to give them Air Support on the ground which would have saved lives.  All the food we send is being warehoused there and their resources are being wasted that could help these people.  It is their own that is doing this.  Tell the truth!!!

Nice try, Al Gore, you still ain't gittin my money!

Cutting down trees and not planting seeds to replace them could have something to do with it too.

somalians are very arrogant...let their ARAB MUSLIM masters feed them...I wouldnt give one nickel to these rats...

May...Could Have ... maybe ... ALL BULLSHlT !

Children have been dying in eastern Africa as long as I can remember... Surely something can been done.... Relocation..... Something... This photo made me gasp in horror.... No one deserves that.

you knw it is sad but we got starving people n stuff here in amaerica they dont ever show that its a sad thing

I maintain:  beginning with the Industrial Revolution, more death has been caused by euro-caucasian science and technology, than what non-white societies have done together.  Climate degrade is not caused by 'mankind' but a specific cultural entity with an agenda forprofit at any and all cost to humankind.   Castro was being mean when he said, "A capitalistwill sell yiu the rope by which you will use to hang him."  Checkmate.

Correction:  Castro WAS NOT BEING MEAN...

why cant man made lakes be done all over dry areas .To idly stand by and allow this to happen is criminal.The people responsible for stealing all aid should be arrested, tried and imprisoned.This should not be happening in todays World.

Looks like E.T. Scary looking kid. Will make a good horror flick.

The fact that it’s in Africa and is known to have droughts for thousands of years has nothing to do with it…. so it MUST be global warming.

Check out how the baby in the picture (Minhaj Gedi Farah) and how he turned out, really good story, just searcu for Minhaj Gedi Farah becomes face of hope from the famine

if you aint got the resources... dont have the kids...

We really should hang a few of these enviornmentalists and see how quickly the globe cools off.

Wow what a bunch of MORONS!

Meanwhile, disgutingly fat Americans gloss over this article, dripping grease from their cheesburgers on their keyboards.  "Yes, I'll have fries with that!"

Stop having babies if you can't feed them.

had there been no divisions between people and we were all united under one banner of the true law and shared everything without monopoly....there wouldn't be famine. there is no other problem.  I wanna do something to help...to overturn this wrong .....I don't have the powerI don't get it? Back in the 60ties they had famin and drought be cause of the cooling of the planet and the pending return of an ice age, now they say the drought and famin are the result of global warming, can't have it both ways, they had drought in the 70ties, 80ties, man it's just an area that doesn't support large populations and they just pour out cildren like popcorn, how sad.

Global warming MAY have fueled Somali drought. Nothing proven.Yet they keep pumping out children they cannot feed.

Plz tell me why I should care bout them? What good do they do the world? If Africa would just sink into the mantel I wouldn't miss it.

my god that is sad. looks like an alien.

Global warming may have fueled Somali drought:NO, it's GREED that fueled Somali drought.

How can Washington sleep at night after spending $500 a pc on muffins.  Instead of wasting American's moneys on baked goods (that weren't even eaten), send the money to Africa.  It's wrong that any child has to starve -  it's not their fault- they didn't ask to be brought into this world.

NOVA GLOBAL DIMMINGthe problem Travis faced was to establish exactly how big an effect the contrails were actually having. The only way to do that was to find a period of time when conditions were right for contrails to form, but there were no flights. And, of course, that never happened—until September, 2001. Then, for three days after the 11th, virtually all commercial aircraft were grounded, so Travis set about gathering temperatures from all over the U.S.A., and comparing them to records from the last 30 years.DAVID TRAVIS:	...initially, data from over 5,000 weather stations across the 48 United States, the area that was most dominantly affected by the grounding.NARRATOR: Travis was not looking just at temperature, which varies a lot from day to day. Instead he focused on something that normally changes quite slowly: the temperature range, the difference between the highest temperature during the day and the lowest at night. Had this changed at all during the three days of the grounding?DAVID TRAVIS:	As we began to look at the climate data and the evidence began to grow, I got more and more excited. The actual results were much larger than I expected.So here we see, for the three-day period preceding September 11th, a slightly negative value of temperature range with lots of contrails, as normal. Then we have this sudden spike right here of the three-day period. This reflects lack of clouds, lack of contrails, warmer days cooler nights, exactly what we expected, but even larger than we expected.NARRATOR: During the three-day grounding, the nights had gotten colder and the days, warmer. Averaged over the whole continental U.S., the temperature difference between day and night had suddenly increased by over a degree Celsius or two degrees Fahrenheit. Travis had never seen anything like it before.DAVID TRAVIS:	This was the largest temperature swing of this magnitude in the last 30 years.NARRATOR: Manmade clouds from aircraft are a minor contributor to global dimming. If removing them had such a dramatic effect, what would happen if air pollution were to be reduced all over the world?DAVID TRAVIS:	The 9/11 study showed that if you remove a contributor to global dimming, jet contrails, just for a three-day period, we see an immediate response of the surface temperature. Do the same thing globally, we might see a large-scale increase in global warming.NARRATOR: This is the crux of the problem. While the greenhouse effect has been warming the planet, it now seems global dimming has been cooling it down.This new understanding is something that climate modelers like Peter Cox have to contend with.DOCTOR PETER COX (University of Exeter): Climate change, to the current date, appears to have been a tug of war, really, between two manmade pollutants. On the one side, we've got greenhouse gases that are pulling the system towards a warmer state, on the other hand, we've got particles from pollution that are cooling it down. And there's a kind of tug of war going on between the two, in which the middle of the rope, if you like, determines where the climate system is going in terms of warming or cooling.NARRATOR: So which is stronger in the tug of war? Something powerful enough to push and pull on the global temperature has what scientists call a "climate forcing" effect.PETER COX: Since we're pumping up greenhouse gases, we actually provide what's called a forcing on the climate system, a warming effect, which you can measure in terms of watts-per-meter-squared, much like you could measure watts from a light bulb. And that forces the climate to a warmer state.

Here we go again, put up the picture of a poor starving child and hope to get everyone to feel so disgusted with themselves so they demand something be done about global warming. What a bunch pathetic idiots.

Quit pushing this hoax !

So much hate in many of the comments here. Seems like we have lost our compassion. I pray, maybe not as much as I should. I pray for all those in need. Take a moment to think about how much you have and try for once to be considerate. Best wishes to you all.Too bad it has become standard practice for left leaning scientists to 'suggest' theories, throw the Scientific Method out the window, and for Journalist to report their findings as fact.

There were African aid programs before I was born (1970), and here in 2013 the problem is worse!  The truth hurts but here it is: The medical/food Aid is sustaining the starvation of millions around the word perpetually!  Until sustainable #’s exist, the problems will be worse not better!

natural selection at its best! Why not use the ocean to make fresh water?... but they aren't smart enough to do that.

We need to stop propping them up.  Let unevolved people who live in deserts die off.

GLOBAL WARMING DID NOT!!!!!!!!!! Fuel the Somali Drought. That has nothing to do with it at all. Only a COMPLETE FOOL would believe that idea.

More global warming hype.  Must be time for Al Gore to get a new (gas hog) jet or a bigger energy sapping mansion.

Wow, looks like "global warming" is the new "it's Bush's fault".

"It obviously global warming that has done this," Al Gore remarked to the camera, just as a mortar launched by al-Shabab Islamists unexpectedly hit a grain storage building behind him, sending everyone to duck for cover.  "Cut that scene!  Cut it!" Gore yelled.  "#$#$ it, whose bright idea was it to film here?""We can relocate 30 kilometers south and try again," his guide said, hoping to placate the angry American politician.

First you denied global warming existed. Given the evidence before your eyes you denied humans had any blame. Now you are saying it is too late to do anything, so why bother. Why bother indeed, foolish humans.

Say all you want. Global Warming is a scientific fact. It can not be disputed.Another scientists looking for another payday.

It is time for the world to come together and stop the bickering and bs.

I believe Scientists, Not the GOP.Scientists are Educated, Gop are NOT.

isn't that the elf from harry potter?

There should be no wealthy people on Earth until starvation is extinct. Whoever is able to help others and doesn't do it is worthless.

Only 8 comments so far! People blame God for this but I blame man, there is enough food in the world to more than feed these children and adults and to help them develop a sustainable lifestyle, but we ignore them and continue to fuel our own greed and then blame the rich and the leaders of this world who are just reflections of the people they represent! I strive to make a change and the more I have the more I give!

Seriously.  The country is in complete disarray, yet "global warming" is responsible for the deaths.  More like a corrupt government.

I suppose Liberals have no problem with them spitting out kid after kid?

Hell, i hear the Sahara is going though a drought also....

Don't blame the libs.  They can't help it.  It is a universal truth of human nature:When you're a hammer, everything looks like a nail.People starving to death in Somalia is clearly the fault of global warming and not the ruthless warlords that take the relief supplies and feed their guys and or sell it on the world market.  No, it has to be global warming!!  What a load of bullsiht!!

Oh my goodness. That baby looks like Lord Voldemort in Harry Potter Part 2 The Deathly Hallows! :-(

When hasn't there been a drought in that part of the world?

And global warming may not have caused it.  see how that works.

Al Gore ate my balls

Hey Obama, your people need you , start packing.

Yeah, that's right, it's all global warmings fault. Give me a break you effing liberals!

Global warming my #$%$...how about H.A.A.R.P. and chemtrails?

For the love of God - please send aid in the form of birth control.  These poor children are only born to suffering - and it's a heck of a lot bigger problem than Global Warming

*may have*  Yeah.“Global warming MAY HAVE . . . “And Global warming MAY BE anthropogenic . . .That’s two BIG “maybes”What we engineer our way into we can engineer our way out of  — provided the powers that be  leaves the economy in tact.   The economy is vital to a healthy human environment.Frankly, I'd be more concerned about Keynesianism, the Federal Reserve, and proliferate government spending than about CO2 emissions.

Funny to see all these people talk about all these places in Africa like theyre experts on the matter when if you asked them where in the map these places were they couldnt even tell you where it was. Pathetic to see how every american feels like the know everything when it comes to foreign affairs when they really know nothing.

40,000 people die everyday world wide. This is a blip on the population radar.

What they don't say is - Is this the worst drought ever in the region? What caused the last one, or for that matter the droughts mentioned in ancient texts.

I think Fox News had more to do with it.

stop using global warming as an attention getting excuse assoc press, we all know the lib's agenda, and we all know that the problem is the powers that are in control over there. if the money we send over there would be put to the intended use and the planeloads of food supplies were distributed with some means of accountability, we would not see pic's like the intended shocker above you posted, and you could blame the real perps of the tragedy, the UN.

"Global warming may have fueled Somali drought"and alien births !

The biggest reason why somalis are underfed is because of the govt officials taking everything into their own bank accounts and left nothing for the masses including infrastructure spending.

Oh Come on...its a all sand!  Like saying Climate change could be why it's snowing in the South Pole.

AP catch up, it is now called climate change.THEY FOUND THE ROSWELL ALIEN

the global cooling deniers are at it again...the drought "may" have been caused by...

This made me cry.  My first thought was "shame on us" as a civilization, as a people.  How can any people allow other people to come to this end?

Heart breaking how is that baby still alive.

And people who believe in "God" say that He is good.... not from this picture. Any "God" you believe in wouldn't let these people live like this regardless of warlords, corruption, or greed.

really sick when  you use a dieaster to promote your cause climate change did not cause this people did some evil gready people. the writer of this sick #$%$ is just as evil as the gready evil people who steal aid to these hapless souls if i met the 1 responsible for this story i might run before i killed them

Al Gore will save you!!

Jesus Christ.  Why do people even want kids???  Look at that poor thing.  Thanks a lot for bringing another perons into a #$%$ up world.

this picture is heartbreaking nevertheless...

It is my fault. I waste a lot of electricity. Just this past month my electricity bill said I used over 3000 kilowatt hours of electricity. I leave my lights, tv, radio, and computer on all the time.enough lies /dear wackos no need to cut on me / your unstable mental condition and living in denial has nothing to do with me

meanwhile here in america--obama doesnt not want you to breathe. this contributes carbon dioxide which raised the temperature in somalia. so please people do the american government a favor and not breathe

So now these "climate scientists" know when it's supposed to rain?  The rains came in 2010 and 2012...why?  I guess "Global Warming" comes and goes...whenever they need to invoke it.  How can anyone take this stuff seriously??

In a time like this where i go to a restraunt and sometimes i don't eat my fries, but get thrown away to the garbage. and this poor soul enduring this! It breaks my heart. We must do something.

The earth is Flat !!!

Here we go again with the stupid global warming nonsense blaming it for Starvin Marvin!

that is a disturbing baby photo.  im going to eventually send some money to the red cross in that country

Really; Show a picture of a starving "SICK" child from a war riddled impoverished country and connect it to global warming. Sounds like the progressive liberal (Yahoo) thing to do. What a sad, sad joke. Global warming and cooling is also a joke; it has been going on for millions of years on this planet. Anything to fuel their manipulative political machine.

So it's the West's fault right? Anyone's fault but the Somalins.

Since logic is proving the man made global warming crowd wrong,now they`ll try the heart string approach. This does however prove all the money we are sending there is not going to where it`s intended.Tell that poor child that global warming isn't real...

Global warming also gave Hugo Chavez cancer, caused the Carnival Dream disaster, selected a South American pope and made Kim Jung Un a lunatic.Did I forget anything?Oh, well global warming MAY have caused that too.Horse manure!

As a Conservative Republican, I believe that "naturally" occurring global warming is killing of the right people.

gaaathrow it from the cliffs!

black baby zombie lol

The level of shame the world continuosly is able to drop to is what blows my mind. After all the past and disgusting treatment of humanity has been exposed and documented. And still shame, shame, shame-on continuing the sufferage of innonence is disgraceful. Unbelievable

Aliiii    really and really somalia leaders fight for leader-ship and to be boss but peaple dayind on the every where... Allaah will heal to the somali peaple...salaam,,,

And let's queue up all of the right wing science denying deniers.  I'm sure they'll be all over this.  Hope you boys and girls are getting your checks straight from the Heritage Foundation and Cato.

Great tactic- Starve the kid then use his photo to exploit the global warming propaganda.You people in the media are the worst!

Is that.. the Truth?PEOPLE...there is no such thing a Global Warming.  The planet was  created by God.  How arragant can people be to come up with this NONSENSE.  Go back and Histroy and see this has happened long before the automobile was invented.  How do you explain these climate changes prior to 1900?  It appears people choose to just IGNORE the proof against it.

THE KEYSTONE PIPELINE WILL ADD TO GLOBAL DIMMINGThe loss of particulate matter from plane grounding after 9/11 caused a 1 degree celsius warming which is huge climatologically.To the skeptics, the truth always lies somewhere in between,How could so many different scientists in different areas stumble upon the same conclusions? And thank goodness for the blessing of this protection from the warming, yet how long will it last? Is it a good thing?When all planes everywhere were ground in the chaos of the 9/11 attacks, the particulate matter of plane exhaust was gone disappeared, pan evaporation went, or global dimming now reported as lower,shot UP in those two days!!!

looks like another poor sick child needlessly suffering because the loving Lord sewed him together in his mother's womb, CHristians love throwing around that line from the old testament. does it make sense looking at that poor child??? nope.

The carbon tax collectors are hard at it once more playing on the emotions of the USA

so sad, poor baby :(

Photo of Minhaj Jedi is a symbol of shame on us not only Global Warming. Forgetting the future climate we must balance the present condition of warmness of the world. Only on present action future will be decided. Mean time we should take care about our fault.

These people are indeed suffering, but it is not global warming, it is the political conditions in the country.

Who knew, France could kick some #$%$. good job froggies, usmc

these poor kids are victums of a government that cares nothing about them. Show pictures of government officials and lets see how under fed they are!! America is headed in the same direction for the elderly and poor if these #$%$ stealing money away from them aren't stopped!!!! I hope I'm around to explain why they have done to this country!! We have to pick between medicine or food so they get Hundreds of thousands of dollars a year in salary!!!

It's about the have and have nots. This is the picture of greed. Is greed still good to you?Al Gore's (Mr Global Warmings) Home uses over $17,000 a month in electricity! We are being played!

These so called "Scientists" are a joke. Still with th ephony Glow Ball warming thing. they have been caught in so many lies and half truths now they have 0 Credibility. and that's a number that I think all scientists can get behind. 0 (Zero)

Interesting that while global warming is an issue the mainstream media and those with money ignore scientific research which has low cost and effective solutions. Environmental advocacy groups push expensive regulations while energy producers ignore technology to mitigate pollution in favor of their products."Allan Savory: How to green the desert and reverse climate change" GOOGLE THIS Why hasn't this gotten real press!!!! This is exactly whats happening in Somalia and other places like it.

Sorry dude! We came there, but we did not discover any oil there so we left.

So these #$%$ hole researchers studied two years, 2010 and 2011, and determined one of those years was the result of global warming.  I'm tired of it.  Next time someone says "global warming", punch 'em in the face.

Hey maybe you should stop having kids. At some point people need to start taking care of themselves. If we kept running adds to help victims from Katrina 30 years from now would people really care to help. We have been giving aide to Africa forever there is no end in sight.

ok ive kept this in for a long time. But the parents know they cant even feed thereselves but yet they bring those inocent child in to the world. Y that picture is so sad to look at.

Keep having babies that will help.

LISTEN UP !! People  if you can't take care of your young then don't have them. Even animals know they have to provide food for their young and protect them or the will die.

I think gorebal warming made my pants shrink. The waist is sure tight.It is always good to stop colonies, but sometimes stopping it when the citizens are not ready may make it worst. You can see plenty of examples of it in Africa. In Africa, when the European powers left, they left a vacuum and  the continent ends up with over 80 years of civil wars and they are not ending yet. The human suffering is immense. Rhodesia went from a great country into shambles. If the citizens are well educated, letting the colony be independent is great. One example is Singapore which is now one of the top financial center of the world.

please no more children learn from this

"But the new research doesn't mean global warming directly caused those deaths." That says it allWe still don't know what causes El Nino, or La Nina or the Arctic oscillation, or the do-decal Oscillation. Don't know what caused the last Ice Age,  How's that go --- You Don't Know S__T Jack

Who cares? #$%$ on 'em!! 1 dead GI is worth more than the entire lot!

couldn't be that the UN would not let the people irrigate or grow food that would save them ...instead the UN upholds dictators who murder by the millions the UN gives them billions of the AMERICAN TAXPAYER MONEY BECAUSE THAT IS WHO PAYS US WE FOOT THE BILL TO ALL THESE COUNTRIES...and then their is of course the real reason ... IT A WAY TO KEEP PEOPLE IN-SLAVED TO OTHERS INSTEAD OF BEING INDEPENDENT ...we have spent BILLIONS and still they are starving...and by the way SOMALIA IS A DESERT, PEOPLE...THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH GLOBAL WARMING...

What they need is manditory vasectomiesp

OH LOOK it's a picture of baby OBUTTMA

Whatever they have to say to push their agenda.

barack hussein obama: from an unhealthy and starving childhood in the JUNGLES of KENYA to be the most powerful man in the world (Rev. 13), thanks to SINFUL America.

Holy #$%$ that picture is just heart-breaking...No it didn't because man made global warming is farce and the world warms and cools in cycles.

The arrogance of the GW freaks never ceases to amaze me. We are just an ant on an Elephants #$%$. The lemmings that are duped into the money making frenzy can rest good at night knowing they saved the planet by shopping with cloth bags that took more energy to produce thereby destroying the earth at a faster rate. Wow, it just gets more and more entertaining.

Well, there's my dose of journalism's simple-mindedness for a day.

Since we're clearly incapable of controlling our pollution levels, we're just going to have to let nature sort it out. And she will sort it out.

Ya think?

no starvin' Marvin! That's a bad starvin' Marvin!

ET phone home

I didn't know Gollum could have babies!!

I cannot believe this is still happening....what a selfish heartless world we live in

98% of Canada is against T.Boone Pickens and his oil mining of Toxic Tar SandNO To Keystone Pipeline!!!! It will add to Global Deming will cause drought in themid-west along with more intense tornado's which will wreck havoc and cost us$ Trillions of dollars in the next 20+ yrs plus the loss of life your property value inthe mid-west will drop due to the drought, FEMA will have to pay for-it.None of this will matter as the wingnuts will still cite their liberty to practice mindless self indulgence over all of that high fallutin' science stuff. The corporate funded Stepford individualists will parrot the party line about how we must never do anything that interferes with profits. We will hear all about how trapped heat is a hoax but every scientist on the planet being part of the same Marxist conspiracy is totally believable. And we will go back and forth from "it doesn't exist" to "it's too late to do anything".

That "Waka Waka" song by Shakira was pretty good - "this one for Africa"  - Shakira is hot!

the FOUNDING FATHERS didn't believe in global warming,so neither do i.

They are just black people.They are unimportant. Their children don't need to eat or deservenourishment or medical attention.Why be concerned? After all, they are just humans that have dark pigmentation.

All part of god's wonderful plan. Rich criminals get richer, everyone else can go to hell. Praise the lord! Ain't he great?No.

The so called world powers should do something for the good of all humanity.

take down those stewpid picturesits their own fault for not relocating to a more inhabitable area

Q: What's the difference between liberals and Don Quixote?A: Although both tilt at windmills, at least Don Quixote doesn't make the situation worse by doing so.  In other words, Don Quixote, while certainly foolish, is basically harmless.

apes will be apes

Intelligent people would not live in a desert.  This is part of evolution.  It may not be pretty, but it is how we advance.Bovine scatological science.

This means FEED THE CHILDREN programs aren't working. Where is all the donations going to then?

MSM continues with the lie.  Say it enough times and people believe it.  In a better day tar and feathers would be in use at AP headquarters.

THE OIL FROM THE KEYSTONE PIPELINE WILL GO TO CHINA FACTTransCanada's proposed Keystone XL tar sands pipeline would be the third new dedicatedtar sands pipeline, and would lock the United States into a dependence on hard-to-extractoil and generate a massive expansion of the destructive tar sands oil operations in Canadain coming decades.Tar sands developments are already wreaking havoc on both people and wildlife in the region. For aboriginal peoples, the mining reduces local water supplies and increases exposure to toxic substances. Expanding tar sands operations also heightens the risk for NRDC's Peace-Athabasca Delta BioGem -- just downstream from these developments.In addition to the extraction impacts, the proposed pipeline would stretch 2000 miles from Alberta, Canada to Texas, threatening to contaminate freshwater supplies in America's agricultural heartland and increase refinery emissions in already-polluted communities of the U.S. Gulf Coast.At a time when we must embrace a clean energy future, tar sands take us far in the wrong direction. The United States should instead implement a comprehensive oil savings plan and reduce oil consumption by increasing fuel efficiency standards, hybrid cars, renewable energy, environmentally sustainable biofuels, and smart growth to meet our transportation needs.

this photo is proof that god does not exist.  or if he does has no influence on our lives, to sit back and let children suffer like this, and of course the religious nut jobs will say he does everything for a reason, proves that we are alone and should focus on doing good out of the goodness of our hearts rather then believing in the fairy tales man has created over the years to give their lives purpose and meaning

African babies look just like little monkeys.

4000 years ago the Sahara desert was once a fertile plain as well... I wonder if man made global warming caused that as well.