Mean while back in Washington the lobbyist still get 1000% interest on their campaign donations in the form of tax payer subsidies and other kick backs while the country goes broke.

Bwhahah goes to show you they will cut the clean up buget for a toxic nucular site  and lay off workers  before they  cut a senators pay check

But the airport screeners are getting new uniforms. The Feds have its priorities straight. LOL!

As the punishment escalates there seems to be no shortage of handouts overseas.

Hey, (Muslim)Brother(hood), can you spare a dime?

The best Part is we are still giving money to foreign country's!! who hate us!!

Hey, this is almost as good as stopping the White House tours.  Hit 'em where it hurts the most.

Now as you leave the building Iran has left a stack of employee applications and can guarantee immediate employment.  It seems they are expanding their nuclear program and have lots of positions open, everyone seems to know this but Obama who ignores national defense and the economy but it fixated on eliminating the 2nd amendment and his disasterous obamacare.

The federal government is a terrific employer, but after running up $16,700,000,000,000 in debt is a terrible business

Feel sorry for the people that live around this site Funny how oneday you hear about the jobs coming back and then the next day you hear people getting layed off, oh wait Im sure a poll will come out saying how swell our economy is growing lolI guess Obama can not stand not getting his way. This whole thing is ridiculous. This whole Administration is a joke. I think he may posses the mind of a dictator.

When the residents in the area start glowing at night, the government will claim they no longer need street lights either.

More liberal propaganda and politicaly motivated cuts. The sequester is only 3 cents of every $ spent. So far Owebama has targeted WH tours, soldiers tuition and now neclear cleanup. How about starting with the millions...wait BILLIONS we have sent governments who hate us, like Syria, Palestine, Pakistan, Afghanistan...just to name a few.

9,000 Union workers means that 3,800 normal people can get the job done. Unions make way to much money, thats why the auto industry failed. Look at Detroit.  Unions- You did that !!

Oh well and life goes on...But the foreign money keeps flowing...Got to fight them wars overs seas...got supply them with weapons...Its going to be quite interesting when obama starts his vacationing while these people are forloughed...I see more and more people becoming antigov..no matter the party...They see them as all obstructionist and worst than any time in history..

Plenty of money to harass Iran and NK about their nuclear ambitions.

And Homer says........"DOH" !!

It would make much more sense to hand out pink slips at the white house to rid the country of really stinking contanimation, then to put the health of the people in Washington and Oregon in jeopardy.  Oh well, 4 years in the White House - 4 smoke stacks billowing black smoke signifying that no leader yet.

EZ fix as ABC and I dont have to go to Harvard to get the answer for this, Just cut off aid to all M.E country and we have this fix and plenty of money for other thing too.

So thats why my Yakima Bike Rack glows in the darkWe need some whistle blowers with this.

Hanford is just a sinkhole for money.  They spent billions on projects then decide they wouldn't work and start over.  The waste in old single shell high level waste tanks could have been transfered, treated, and readied for shipment 20 years ago.  I don't know if was all the fault of ERDA/DOE management or contractors linning their pockets with profits but groundwater contamination has already occured and radioactivity is probably seeping into the Columbia river.  We will see similar problems with implementation of Obamacare only it will cost a lot more.

The end is near!!

This ranks right up there with turning hundreds of illegal alien CRIMINALS loose from prison to murder, rape and rob good Americans. We see what you're doing there obama and payback is a #$%$ motherf ck r.

It is really too bad that the federal department heads did NOT take the time to find/cut the VERY REAL waste/mismanagment in their department.  Instead every department head seemed to come up with the most DRAMATIC cuts they could think of in hopes of scaring the voters/Congress into reinstating the money.  WHY NOT just do your job and be FRUGAL with our tax dollars so you will have money to keep these people employed?

...and we just gave Egypt $1.5B...

atta boy Obama . what leadership. you #$%$ loser

Libtards, they all vote liberal so welcome to the depression millions are experiencing already. I say dpression because a recession is when others lose their jobs, a depression is when you lose yours.

Think of the childerns!Pay raises for teachers!

Too bad Obama and his chucklehead Chu wasted billions on corrupt kickbacks like Solyndra.How about cutting welfare payouts to the lazy and worthless ghetto mamas, winos, and degenerates instead?!

After reading most of these comments. I can see that the TV and media has done a job on the thinking skills of the citizen.......

As long as there is money for my food stamps I don't care.

another great move by the pathetic,marxist,parasite O'NEG....one sorry piece of yac squezzzzzz

This cannot be Yahoo just posted unemployment is going down. Jobs Jobs Jobs

Meanwhile, tens of other nations expand their own leaky, nasty fissile material priduction sites, in order to be strong

Budget or sequestration?  Obama chose sequestration!

The Biggest Hit is the Department of Defense! They have to lose $46B. Wow that really bites, now they will only have $554B. Oh my what will we do!

The federal government is the US Postal Service on crack.

Does anybody see how defiant he is while his little puppets will follow and do absolutely anything for his cause . NANCY pelosi said he was the most bi partisan and transparent president ever ,,,,,,and the she laughed ??? something strange is going on .You all Better think about you children and your way of life .those are $100,000/yr plus jobs

ya gotta love how Obama has the ability to aim these cuts at worthless endeavors but is instead making it as painful as possible, when all he and his party had to do was come up with their own budget that actually accomplished some fiscal restraint and compromise. Nope. Why? because he wants it to hurt.  he wants people to suffer, because this is how the democrats have set it all up.  in my town, we voted down a property tax increase.  the dems used scare and fear of sports cuts, pre kindergarten cuts, lunch cuts, etc... to scare people into revoting and passing their increases. Mind you I live in one of the worst unemployment districts in my state.  later it came out that the school district wasted millions of dollars on #$%$ like out of town luxury conferences and such.  The dems are the party of fear, hate, racial tensions, and every other malicious thing they can do to further their agenda.

I'm reading a lot about people losing JOBS over the sequester.  People WORKING for their money are losing it.  So why isn't there stories about stop payments to welfare recipients?  They would rather create more of them than cut funds to those already there to MAYBE encourage them to WORK?

We dont know for sure that the egypt thing is even the truth.  The only talk is from Repubs and we know the spin and lies they tell.  For all we know there has never been any talks about money to them.  Repub Paranoia, conspiracys, kind of like the boy who yelled wolf, no one believes them.

Hey there Obama supporters in Washington State, hows that choice workin for ya now.You see Obama started giving 100 billion away to the UN bank the IMF in 2009, so thats already 400 billion so far.Yet if he recinded the donation, it would cover the sequester automatic cuts and ya'll wouldn't be getting lay offs.

This clean up was nothing but a big play pen for all the liberals special projects any way.

More of Obama's punishment for not doing EXACTLY what he asks for.  Arrogant, ignorant, and narcissistic.

All the Idiots are to dumb to realize that  bho is purposely dismantling this COUNTRY !!!!! He will pull out the wrong nail and it will be spring loaded and will blow up right in there face . Everybody better wake up !!!! It's only a matter of a short time .

So what, a few people get a few dollars less. Better that then the liberals losing all of their free stuff, right?

Again for the thousandths time there are no budget cuts, just a small reduction in increased government spending. Government spending is still going to increase 8-10% this year.tell me again about priorities...

Their being laid off at the wrong time? Is there a right time for anybody to be laid off.

Another blow to the"recovery"

Cut spending = jobs gone. No two ways around it. Get ready for more layoffs and more people relying on Gov't for unemployment. So instead of gov't paying people to work, they'll people because they're out of work. Thanks GOP.

So Obama, in his tantrum, is going to stop cleaning up the environment?  He should just cut the entire Energy Department.  then he'd have plenty of money for this cleanup, and the department could stop giving billions away to companies that just go out of business.

Bechtel is defrauding the citizens of America. That is what they do, another way of money laundering and racketeering. It doesn't matter what side of the fence one sits on, both sides are gangsters.

But wait. The right wing told us the sequester didn't matter. It was a lousy 1 or 2% (depending on the level of wingnuttery (it is actually 5% or 8%). Now that it is cutting YOUR chosen program - NOW you care? is it true that right wingers just can't understand anything not happening *now*?!

liberal propaganda?  The article fails to mention that hanford has been closed and contaminated since the early 80's and scheduled cleanup already 20 years behind schedule.  Hanford makes Fukushima feel like a walk in the park.

"Pink slips going out at Hanford nuclear site"OK, so I thought THE SINGER had a misstep while (probably) protesting something radioactive in nature.

Then there is the release form saying you can't talk about it for 50 yr's. That way the government can't be blamed!tank farms will probably continue to leak and pollute sites all over the US

Not much sense in pushing Nukes - not until decades of neglect are cleaned-up..here, and abroad. Amazing science. Too bad they didn't budget a decent toilet for it all.

It's time for the Unions to go through a Biggest Loser program!

Yeah, lots of highly informed, intelligent comments in here.

I'm guessing the press releases and press conference were pre-arranged so we could be made aware of how horrible this is......

LAID OFF=========VOTED 4 BLOBAMA==LOLOLOL====#$%$ U IDIOT=SUICIDE U FUKN MORONS===============YOU ARE DISEASED LIBERALS======SUICIDE

Pretty sure the rest of us will be getting ours too really soon...Thanks for the Gumball Obama! May all of you that voted for him share the same pink slip

I bet studies of insects feelings go on.

Well Repukes,here it is--just starting.Wait till the dodo hits the fan! Hope you can stand the heat!