Papal Furbies are flying off the shelves

The new pope will give hope and support to the masses .

Pope Francis is not "their" Pope.  He is OUR Pope.  That is, all of us who are Catholic.  This nationalism as far as claiming the Pope is beginning to wear thin.  As for the atheists, agnostics, and others posting here who have taken it upon yourselves  to denigrate Pope Francis and our religion, I feel sorry for you.  What must it be like to be you?  To believe in nothing?  To believe there is nothing of higher or greater meaning or purpose than yourselves?  I pity you.

What a lot of people don't realize is that the pope in only one man; he's not GOD. Even the LORD depends upon our free assent to His/Her Will. The pope can't do it all and GOD won't do it all. Reader you may command an army but it your troops won't obey you, you're just a talking head. You'll accomplish nothing no matter how hard you try all by your lonesome. The Holy Father needs our cooperation to get the job done.

Mass histeria.

Pope - A - Dope

Long Live Pope Francis.  When he was first elected I didn't think I'd care for the man or his style of papacy, but over the past few days I have come to see that he is a loving and loveable man who seems most Christ-like.

Pope Francis I is  NOT their Pope but OUR Pope !

Poor of heart and soul is the the man who enviously attacks any Christian church ...

If you are not Catholic, the word "Pope" shoud not be part of your vocabulary--you have no right to criticize the leader of the Catholic Church.According to the news media Argentina is a progressive, secular, socialist type, dictatorial society with that listed form of government so why are there slums and poverty in a progressive, secular, socialist, dictatorial country ?

Doesn't this whole article sound fake? It's either the reporter's facts, or the people quoted, or who they are, or their sense of hope, or is it that my sense of normality is a bit out of whack???

JESUS IS THE WAY, THE TRUTH AND THE LIFE And no one comes unto GOD THE FATHER, but by HIM. Little Children, keep yourselves from idols.

The pope is reported to have turned a blind eye to the plight of thousands of "disappeared" dissidents during Argentina's "dirty war". What's to celebrate? They should be saying instead: Don't cry for me Argentina. Let the families of the "disappeared" have their say.

Notice that pins of the Vatican City Flag were the top selling item.Vatican City is an independent country, a sovereign Theocracy and a nation/church estimated with total assets of over 80 billion.The new God-king of Vatican City has hypnotized the willing zombies to give their total allegiance to Vatican City instead of their own country ,on pain of loss of their mortal souls.

Poor brainwashed fools worshiping a mortal man as a "stand-in" for Christ, as if a "stand-in" was even necessary.

What does pride or disappointment have to do with appointing a person to the leadership position in a church? The Italians are disappointed their guy wasn’t picked even though his offices were raided by the mafia police just after he left for the conclave, and the Argentinians are very prideful their guy was picked even though he didn’t do anything during a brutal dictatorship. Isn’t god supposed to be above such pettiness?

He spoke out in Argentina against allowing same-sex couples to adopt.More than 3000 children sleep on the streets of Buenos Aires alone each night by conservative estimates subject to abuse sexual and otherwise. Yet this man, now the new Pope, says it would be discrimination against these children to allow them to be adopted by a loving gay couple. What does that tell you about this man?Bergoglio's own statements proved church officials knew from early on that the junta was torturing and killing its citizens, and yet he publicly endorsed the dictators.Bergoglio twice invoked his right under Argentine law to refuse to appear in open court. When he eventually did testify in 2010, his answers were evasive, human rights attorney Myriam Bregman said.At least two cases directly involved Bergoglio, who ran Argentina's Jesuit order during the dictatorship.One examined the torture of two of his Jesuit priests — Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics — who were kidnapped in 1976 from the slums where they advocated liberation theology, which is the belief that Jesus Christ's teachings justify fights against social injustices.Bergoglio effectively handed them over to the death squads by declining to tell the regime that he endorsed their work.

Show mercy, so said new Jesuit Pope Francis from Argentina, South America! Holy bible clearly states that 'Thou shall not Steal'.In North America where﻿ USA &amp; Canada alone is plundering more oil than Saudi &amp; Kuwait output, over﻿ $3 BILLION﻿ daily, as Native American people remain﻿ poorest citizens on their own land beloved fatherland.Before Europeans came,Native population in North &amp; South America Continent was 15 millions; European population in Europe was 30 millions.Today, native population is 30 million &amp; Europeans is at ONE BILLION! [Google 'sicko uncle Sam' at forum]

I DON'T KNOW HOW SLUMS EXIST , THE CATHOLIC CHURCH SPENT SAYS ,THE ECONOMIST MAGAZINE ,171,000,000,000,000,DOLLARS IN 2010!@allen:Im not religious. But I believe in so many amazing things that give my life so much meaning and purpose. I love life so intensely so don't worry about those who do not believe in 'god.' Don't pity them. They are just fine.

You have to hand it to the Vatican. Finding a man with more blood on his hands than the Hitler Youth Pope was no easy task but they have succeeded beyond all expectations.

I feel very sorry for the Brazilians

Can someone tell what the today,s Pope had to do years ago with a Miltary coup...A miltary Junta  when Castro and Rusia were spreading revolutions and Communism in the continent...In Chile was the same..A military coup and other Junta   Castro and Che Guevara,and others were butlers of the Soviet Union and Castro in the continent...Many youth were brainwashed  and fooled by the leftis politicians and revolutionaries leaders ,,joining the Castro,s Revolution . Rememberr the Naval Blockade to Cuba  order by President Kennedy in that time.People have to fill sory about the casualties in Argentina between the Castro Guerrillas and the Army,,and sory for the mothers who los their sons,, and for the  ladies in white in Cuba  who lost  the love ones victims of the Castro,s revolution , executions and persecutions...Half of Havana had to flee to Florida.. They manage to divide the Church with their propaganda  , preaching revolution ,, and some religious people  fell in the leftis trap .because they were coming like the fathers of the poor people .. See today how leftis presidents or leaders in the continent confront the church , like in Argentina where the new Pope is....The Church had nothing to do with military coups,,Guerrillas ,,Military Juntas,,,in Argentuina,, Chile or other countries where Castro and His people were operating....Whom to blame for the events .. ?   The Castrocommunists Revolution in the continent ...Not the Bishop of Buenos Aires in that time,,,.The Today,s Pope.  Leave Him alone..

Gay marriage is legal in Argentina.  God is sending his approval by choosing an Argentinian as HIS pope.

VIVA ARGENTINA! WE R The 99%

'Marketing the Pope"...Little Pope action figures dressed in golden robes, carrying a sign saying "No Idol worshiping", While we all bow down and kiss his ring. That little Pope doll would Sellout in Mexico!

We are self-aware. We are aware of our own mortality. The Flight -Flight response to an anticipated death results in death anxiety. Resulting in the 7 stages of grief which are, shock, denial, anger, bargaining, depression, testing, and  acceptance.Plato (429–347 B.C.E.) in his Apology, due to the Cycle of Opposites, states that since people are alive they must have been once dead thus the human soul is immortal.   Furthermore, in his Platonic Forms, the material world is merely an imperfect copy (eidôla) of a perfect Idea (paradeigmata).  Hence, the flesh being material is imperfect and the soul is perfect.  Likewise, ideas are superior to material proof.   Plato again uses an analogy of a chariot drawn by two horses.  The charioteer reining the two horses represents rational thought, the good horse by the obedient will and the bad horse by earthly appetites.  With these analogies Plato espouses asceticism and self-mortification to  purify the immortal soul and mortify the flesh.   As a result from our denial of our own mortality we are reduced to live a life of mortification, self-loathing and guilt simply for being a normal human.  If this remind you of your religion there is a good reason! Plato’s philosophy  influenced  Philo of Alexandria with Judaism, St. Augustine of Hippo with Christianity.  Plato also influenced Avicenna and Averroes with Islam.Merriam-Webster’s dictionary defines faith as “firm belief in something for which there is no proof.” Conversely, Merriam-Webster’s dictionary defines the scientific method thus, “principles and procedures for the systematic pursuit of knowledge involving the recognition and formulation of a problem, the collection of data through observation and experiment, and the formulation and testing of hypotheses.”     The primary difference is the amount of proof required for an idea before accepting it as truth. Whereas Religion claims it is the absolute truth, unchanging and is zealous.  Science is a journey toward truth, it is self- correcting and is impartial.  Furthermore, many religiously believe in an idea even if there is proof to the contrary. The more emotionally invested we are in an idea, the less likely we are to listen to reason.  Whereas, there are many subjective perceptions of reality, there is only one objective reality and one absolute truth.  However, to ardently accept one idea often precludes another idea as truth. This inhibits furthering our understanding of reality. This is not merely an academic exercise, to be practical, it makes life a lot harder than it has to be. In fact, accepting things as they really are may be essential to our very survival. Also, the better we understand reality, the better we can utilize that knowledge to actually achieve some of what our heart most desires. All we have to do is to find the courage to accept our own mortality and live life to its fullest. Carpe diem!

even with a pope on your side, you will not get the Falkland Islands.  They belong to the Queen.  GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

He is Latino --- is Italian descendent --- Americano --- he  is born in Argentina .... ----he not represent the  400.000.000 INDO AMERICANS or NATIVES .... and is the master key to keep the poorest of the poorest  happy with the kind of life they live ....New PopeFor: less money spent on Church.  More money to the needy.Argentina:For: More profit to be made off of the new PopeNice

If you want respect, get rid of your Vatican bank and pedophiles...

I pray for those caught up in this false religion.

VIVA THE POPE !!! VIVA ALL CHRISTIAN CHURCHES !!!

"Argentines celebrated their poop in Sunday Masses."

It's always been about "devotion and marketing".They invented something to be devoted to so they could collect money,

All churches are business with one goal - get as much money as possible from the poor and anyone who will contirbute.

If I was an Argentino, I'd cry too

Tax the living hell outta this church.  they have no interest in helping the poor as their so called "christ" commanded.  end the fraud.  end the myth.  oh, the pope is Italian too.

All those attacking the Catholic church, why don't you attack Islam ???? Cowards !!!As it happens, in the week before Christmas in the city of Córdoba Videla and some of his military and police cohorts were convicted by their country's courts of the murder of 31 people between April and October 1976, a small fraction of the killings they were responsible for. The convictions brought life sentences for some of the military. These were not to be served, as has often been the case in Argentina and neighbouring Chile, in comfy armed forces retirement homes but in common prisons. Unsurprisingly there was dancing in the city's streets when the judge announced the sentences.What one did not hear from any senior member of the Argentinian hierarchy was any expression of regret for the church's collaboration and in these crimes. The extent of the church's complicity in the dark deeds was excellently set out by Horacio Verbitsky, one of Argentina's most notable journalists, in his book El Silencio (Silence). He recounts how the Argentinian navy hid from a visiting delegation of the Inter-American Human Rights Commission the dictatorship's political prisoners on an island linked to senior clerics.

All people can really do is hope he's a decent guy. I think the Church should publish how much they actually spend for the poor. Considering, the poor's lot just doesn't get better I question if they're spending the money appropriately. The magnificence of the Church's and Vatican City belies what they are actually doing for the poor.

marketing is what the church does best -selling dreams &amp; delivering 2000 year nightmares

The Guardian article stated: “The most shaming thing for the church is that insuch circumstances Bergoglio’s name was allowed to go forward in the ballot tochose the successor of John Paul II. What scandal would not have ensued if thefirst pope ever to be elected from the continent of America had been revealed asan accessory to murder and false imprisonment.“One would have thought that the Argentine bishops would have seized theopportunity to call for pardon for themselves and put on sackcloth and ashes asthe sentences were announced in Córdoba but that has not so far happened.… Cardinal Bergoglio has plenty of time to be measured for a suit of sackcloth –perhaps tailored in a suitable clerical grey.”Now, instead of just putting forward Bergoglio’s name as a candidate for Pope,the College of Cardinals has actually elected him. Perhaps the happy-talkingcorrespondents from the U.S. news media will see no choice but to join in thecover-up of what Pope Francis did during the “dirty war.” Otherwise, they mightoffend some people in power and put their careers in jeopardy.

This evil man took part in torture sessions by the military Junta and is a far right fascist that makes even Hitler Youth Ben look tame.

From a Nazi sympathizer to a military junta supporter, what kind of message is the Catholic Church trying to send. Thank God I am a recovering Catholic.

I love argentina, i have visit there a few times, But i think pope is hypocrite because he hates a bit too much

Like the "hand of god, Maradona goal...." Argentinians find another excuse to "show off" this Pope like others hundreds Popes are the CEO of a business  called Vatican Enterprises, Inc.wake up people/////when more and more "feligreses" left the catholic faith....they need it a new "chairman of the board" to make the profitable business on track....nothing, nothing "hear this" will changed, it's like here, we elected a good talking guy, open ears...very nice to told the people a lot of S.........what we get?

They have a lot of feeling for this pope.  Let's hope little boys don't have feelings for the pope too...feeling his wang up their #$%$ that is.

DISGUSTING MAN, pretending to be Western god.