Huh I thought their top priority would be to continue building illegal Jewish only settlements n Palestinian land in contravention to United Nations resolutions.  Israel reaps what is sews than whines about it.  Let them fight the Iranians themselves.

israel! israel! Why don't you just blow up the White House and blame it on Iran to drag the US into your desired war? The last time you did it, it worked out quite well.

Israel has become irrelevant.

Israel jailed 850000 Palestinians since 1967.

Things are so bad in iran that milk is impossible to buy,the only milk available is from the Sharia schools for girls from 15-21.their imams watch them undress while they  make bottles of titty milk for 50 rials a bottle.sick perverts.

In all odds, one in ten to the power ten, if Israel succeeds to eliminate the Iranian Bombs, do you think Israel would then live in peace and security?Israelis are a curse nation. Cursed due to their hypocritical behavior. Cursed due to their arrogant character. Cursed due to their coward nature. Cursed due to their natural nature of causing trouble for others. Cursed for killing prophets, in particular, crucifixion of Prophet Jesus, the son of virgin Marry. Cursed and prohibited by the Lord of Moses, to ever have a county of their own.One of the signs of this curse is continuous fear that all the Jews, throughout the world, live with to the extent that they are afraid of their own shadow. As long as their shadows follow them, they will not have peace. What a miserable life they have caused for themselves. If God's curse upon the Jews is true, then Israel will cause the end of those countries that created her and those that support her existence. This is what has been written. We shall see.

Israel has a budget? Oh wait. I suppose they need to manage the money WE give them!

Isreal is an Apartheid regime.....they are on the way out #$%$. Africa went out!!!

IsraHell not only assassinated the Iranian scientists but also many time in the past spied on American military facilities and stole the American military secrets and sold them to the Russians and Chines for cash and political favors.The best example is the case of JONATHAN POLLARD, who is serving life sentence in federal detention as a convicted spy for IsraHell. IsraHell also killed 46 American sailors on the board of USS Liberty in 1967 and had plan to blame it on Egypt in order to push America into the war with Egypt. Those IsraHelli COWARDS could not sink USS Liberty and the brave American sailors defended the ship successfully and survived the one day air assault and then told the world what happened to them. THE ZIONIST COWARDS ACT LIKE SNAKE AND DO ANYTHING TO GET WHAT THEY WANT. Zionists betray America every single day while using Billions of dollars of American aid money every year. So far U.S. paid IsraHell over 100 Billion Dollars. WITH THIS KIND OF SO CALLED FRIENDS, AMERICA DO NOT NEED ENEMY.

President Obama, I am one of your supporter, but I am telling you that Iran have no option but to go nuclear in order to restore peace and stabilize the Middle East. Iran will be a nuclear armed super power no matter what the Zionists that control Washington and the U.S. House and Senate say, or do. You know that Zionists planning war and crisis in the Middle East because Zionism feeds on crisis. But a nuclear armed Iran can stop the Zionists cold on its track and reestablish peace and tranquility in the Middle East. I know you are trying your best to change the American warmonger's image and make America a gentle nation that can get along with all nations. You are trying hard to change America into a capitalist nation instead of the imperialist nation of the past and your fight and determination for redistribution of the wealth which is under the control of only one percent in America is deserving world respect. Even though it is hard to see the reality behind the rhetoric, with the religion and cultural difference and language barrier but your vision for the world future and your goals for a just and gentle world is not far from the Iranian leader vision for the world future. He is as determine as you are to establish a just and peaceful world for all.With complete control of The U.S. House and Senate, the IsraHelli leaders have no problem with their budget deficit. One aid request from Tel-Avive. ( order from IsraHell ) and the Zionists Senators and representatives will rush the request and will borrow  from china to finance the IsraHelli budget deficit.

When you don't feel ashamed of yourself, then you can do whatever you want. This is Israel. A country with 300 nukes is worry about another country who may have a program on papers. Israel succeeded 10 years ago against Saddam Hussein and Iraq. As a result for Israel demands, Iraq lost 1.6 millions, and got invaded by that Evil Bush who couldn't say "NO" to that worst Evil Israel.Do we really need to repeat the crime but on larger scales if we agree to Netanyahu's demands????

Isreal's illegal secret nook program was just fine and dandy.

Even our film industry in Hollywood is under Israel mercy and control. They are allowed to make dozens of movies against Arabs and Muslims. This is their freedom of speech and expression. Once someone criticise Israel, then he is anti-Semitics.

Israel stole 75% of all the West Bank. What peace Israel is talking about??

No peace can be achieved under occupation and land theft.

Israel is in control of the world media such as ABC, NBC, BBC, and CNN. Who can challenge their stories??

Gay marriage is the the biggest priority in the US.

The topic of nuclear Iran in the news is becoming very mundane and a cliché!!!! For the past 6 years, the readers keep receiving the same old news every time and I am confident that most are sick and tired of it. If Iran’s nuclear program was remotely a danger to Israel and other international communities, I am rest assured that the Western countries would have taken an action against Iran years ago and NOT wasting the Taxpayers money to just exchanging blusterous rhetoric with the Islamic State. Enough already, if you have run out of news articles to fill in the pages just write about the benefits of eating yam or broccolis for god sake!!!!!!

Are they really trying to 'portray' this, as 'bad'? AFTER, Iran has openly threatened 'nuclear fire' for Israel? Really?hmmmm..  how do we start this war, drag the americans in, and get them to pay for it all???ahhhhh, we'll figure it out!!

In all odds, one in ten to the power ten, if Israel succeeds to eliminate the Iranian Bombs, do you think Israel would then live in peace and security?Israelis are a curse nation. Cursed due to their hypocritical behavior. Cursed due to their arrogant character. Cursed due to their coward nature. Cursed due to their natural nature of causing trouble for others. Cursed for killing prophets, in particular, crucifixion of Prophet Jesus, the son of virgin Marry. Cursed and prohibited by the Lord of Moses, to ever have a county of their own.One of the signs of this curse is continuous fear that all the Jews, throughout the world, live with to the extent that they are afraid of their own shadow. As long as their shadows follow them, they will not have peace. What a miserable life they have caused for themselves. If God's curse upon the Jews is true, then Israel will cause the end of those countries that created her and those that support her existence. This is what has been written. We shall see.

Budget ,maybe obama will understand how to his job

why is Iran a threat to the zionazis?they have over 300 bombs

do people even pay an income tax in israel? .. or does the usa pay welfare for israel citizens?  Regardless thru the jewish lobby we can expect to see us forign policy mirror israels policy.. get ready for war!   Dont worry .. israel will be safe.. the mossad will arrange for the usa to do the dirty work.. like it did 9/11.

just kick all the islamist palastinians to iran and nuke the whole thing and be done with it

The racist anti Semite Barack Hussein Obama is a bigger threat to Israel than Iran could ever dream of being.

All who see me mock at me, they make mouths at me, they wag their heads; 'He committed his cause to the LORD; let him deliver him, for he delights in him!' Yahshua reigns

if mullahs make it, they will throw it.

we like throw mullahs but are not able because of the military atmosher .Yes the kikes have really seek escape below the rocks and call bluff.They haven't seem to be God Chosen.