Had she looked like Casey Anthony, they would have let her go to write a book!!

The lesson to be learned from this is:  Grandparents...don't let your drug addled grandchildren live with you.  It is their parents' responsibility to raise their spawn, not yours.  If your children can't raise their own children...they had no business having children.

You people are insane! If she was afraid of her grandson why not call the police.

"I wanted him to pay attention to me. He had to listen. It wasn't a conversation. It was arguing. Swearing," Layne said in tearful testimony last week, explaining why she pulled out a gun.This statement does not fit with a self-defense plea.

Justice has prevailed.  I live in the area, and all you people commenting out here about how they were treating this nice old grandma need to review the entire case.  Sympathy for this grandma is misplaced.  Yes she was fearful of her grandson but she had plenty of opportunity to deal with the situation other than chasing him around the house emptying 10 rounds into him from her Glock.  She hit him in the stomach and the bullet lodged in his spine.  He couldn't move his legs and was crawling away from her and she still put 4 more shots into him.  This was not an ordinary "self defense" situation.  It ceased to be self defense after she incapacitated him after the first shot.  She emptied the gun into his body until he was dead.  The jury got it correct.

I wonder if Michigan has 'stand your ground' laws or Granny forgot if she shot him or not, remember Dirty Harry lost count too! haha

Wrong call , it was just a matter of time before he killed her, the right person died .

Over 7 million grandparents are raising their grandchildren.  Parents are using them as dumping grounds for their "problem" kids.  Mr. Hoffman said tonight he never liked Granny since  "she was too controlling."  If he and his wife had been RESPONSIBLE parents, Jon would not a dead drug addict!!!

Does the jury remember Tucker Cipriano, who also went to Alternative Ed?  Tucker and a friend were  high on SPICE and killed Tucker's dad, and almost killed his mother and brother.  That's what Granny was afraid of--being KILLED by a SPICE addicted kid like Tucker Cipriano.

What a croc of s**t. Another example of our corrupt court system !!!!This woman needs a good attorney and an appeal.  Unfortunately, she didn't get the first and therefore has a great opportunity for the second, provided she gets a good replacement legal counsel.

This poor woman not only has to live with the memory of killing her out-of-control grandson...now she has to deal with prison.  They should have let her go home.  She is in my prayers.

I sincerely hope the prosecutor &amp; jury are attacked by drug crazed teenagers in the future. That's the least they deserve for persecuting &amp; prosecuting this poor 75 yr. old Granny who was frightened out of her wits &amp; certainly terrified &amp; probably temporarily insane at the time.

Now they know why no one wants to do jury duty...get in a room and try to get everyone to agree on something....riiiiiiight....

That's a jury for you. Guess they wanted to wait until the grandson killed her and then want to give him a medal for abusing old folk! I had one of those jury trials once in an accident case that I proved on paper and had documented that I lost every cent I was asking for. Just because it wasn't on company stationary but had been certified authenic lost wages from my records the jury looked the other way and sided with the filthy rich insurance company. I got hardly nothing in a settlement for a back injury after I had been rear ended back in 1980. These jurys will #$%$ sometimes. I have never seen as many #$%$ idoits on a jury as they have now. You've got the jurior that should have been excused for some reason or another and the judge would not let them go.  That is the one that will hang you because they want to get it over with. Once when I served on a jury we had several on it that should have been excused but were not. Look at all the evidence and take your time. Hasty decisions have cost a lot!

if she hadn't kill him he or some of his cronies would probably had kill her and took her money along with her car. Grandma should never had to stand trial

old and white, of course she was found guilty.  nuke michigan

According to the Nurse, This hag did NOT have ANY marks on her. Selfdefense my foot......jmo

If any case deserves an appeal its this one...Justice was not served...

The parents leave their son who clearly had some sort of issues with a 70 year old lady? What in the world were they thinking? Oh wait......The jury did just what they were supposed to do, look at the evidence and the law. I've been on a few juries and foreman of two and I have to say that it looked like premeditated murder to me. I don't think a lot of these commenters, with their rush to judgement from Yahoo and her appearance in court would ever make a just jury.

Nobody wins here.

To the apologists who are sticking up for this demon dame of Detroit, how would you feel if it was grandpa and he killed his teenage grandaughter. Thought so. The kid was no angel, but when he is calling 911 after being shot several times, she has to come up again out of the basement and blow a few more holes in him. PuhLeeze. She was way out of her nervous overreactive post menopausal league and failed with her own child first and then really messed up with the second chance her grandson.

...........Something is wrong with the city of Pontiac and the State of Michigan....

The good part of the guilty verdict is that she will go to a mininium security prison for what will be the rest of her life.However, she will not have to worry about living expenses, Obamacare or the place that we are heading. No worries anymore and gets out of Detroit to boot. We are all going to be fighting hard times to come as the Republic collaspes and we become a Marxist and or Socialist country.

Good verdict!No gun = discussion with no shooting; one shot = fear; 10 shots = anger/rage, on purpose

I wasn't in the court room and neither were most of the commenters here.  She got a more lenient sentence than she could have gotten.  Should she walk free after taking a life?  I don't think so, but then again, I wasn't there.  The jury heard the evidence and decided.  Let their decision stand.

yep, guns guns guns, gotta have our guns.

Finally !! I hope she gets the needle.. Murdering, cold blooded selfish beotch.....jmo

She repeatedly shot him until he died.  If he hadn't died, he would have come back and harmed her, maybe even killed her.That's what bullies do.  Her actions were in self defense.I hope the sentencing phase of the trial goes easy on her.  Any time in prison at all is a death sentence.  She looks like she could die next week.People shouldn't assume that she was just a defenseless, little old lady. The jury listened to the facts and got it right. She had the opportunity to run out of the house after she shot him the first time but chose to go back and kill him.

Help! My Grandma shot me because I assaulted her. She shot me again because I was trying to steal her car to run away from the state that was trying to prosecute me on other criminal charges. Since he was a constant repeat offender, he should have been in jail already then Grandma couldn't have shot him.

Another sad, sad situation. If the young man used drugs she should put him out.

Really? Come on. If I was ever brought to pull a gun on my grandchild or child then I guarantee you I would have bruises on me or some obvious threat of my life.  This is ridiculous and she should have gotten worse.  She was shooting while the kid was on the phone and obviously at that time, did not present any threat to her.  Crazy old btc.

God will judge all who were responsible for this, the grandmother, the parents who should be in this picture, and a court system that should have controlled the teenager long ago.

Too bad...

Well it was left up to a jury, so we should let the verdict stand, the general public wasn't there to hear the evidence.

She got off easy they should do the same to her make her suffer and beg for her life than take it from her

my grandma couldnt kill a mouse. i cant begin to realize what kind of a monster this grandson must have been for this kind of a crime to have happened. my grandma could just stare at me to get me in line!

Ha Ha!  The old bag is going to bite the dust anyway!