To hell with that...let President Hamid Karzai's troops cover it all...the whole damn country! We need our troops back home with their families!

What a waste of blood and treasure. We should have left Afghanistan over ten years ago. Nothing is being accomplished there. The day we leave, the country will go back to it's savage ways, and we will be out thousands of soldiers and a trillion dollars.

Why are we begging to stay?

Look up the fall of the Roman Empire...they'd devalued their own currency to finance their overextended military's superfluous campaigns...all while their political rulers lived in luxury...  The end result was barbarians trampling their broken borders as their economic base eroded...sound familiar?

so we're making a "deal" to keep soldiers there, where the Afghans don't want them, Karzai doesn't want them, and the American people don't want them.  Who exactly does want them there?

Karzai is playing the US again! WHY CAN'T WE LEARN? How Stupid can we get? So we'll pay Karzai More Money, just for his approval to have some US Troops left in that rat-hole!!

wth???? and why should we be worried about taliban attacking Kabul??? Really? So US special forces would be there to defend them???????? This just sound insane since we all know Karzai is playing both sides... so let those Afghani defend Kabul and keep them busy from killing troops... or why not let China station troops there since they got a deal with Karzai for mineral- and oil rights...this sound more and more like insanity to me......

now im sure We have idiots in the administration

Hahaha... This entire thing is one f'd up deal all the way around...So much for that Immediate troop withdrawal our Savior Promised us more than 4 years ago...Seriously, where is the Liberal outrage??? How can you not see what B.S. this is...???If GWB did the exact same things as Obama has been doing, from Bombing Libya without congressional approval to giving money to Alqueda in the 100's of Millions, especially after Obama and the Damn Sequester and how he said we are broke and can't afford anything and then he gives hundreds of millions to the Egyptian situation after that too...not to mention the expanded surveillance  of US citizens which went far, far beyond what Bush ever did to Guantanamo still being open, to all of this....If you are not Outraged, then you are not paying attention!!!Bring our troops home now!No War for Oil!Shut Down Guantanamo!We are not the World's Police!We can't afford to be the Worlds' Police!We can't afford this expensive war machine!No more Puppet Regimes!No more involvement in other countries civil wars!!!End these endless wars!!!!Stop killing innocent women and children, men/civilians!!!No More using drones that kill thousands of innocent civilians!When are the Liberals going to start Marching against the Obama War Machine???What'S GOING ON???You yelled and screamed about all of this while Bush was in office! Now, 4 Years Later,4 YEARS!!!! Not a single Peep! Nothing!!!End the Obama War Machine!!!

WHITEHOUSE: We will give billions more if you let us stay , and for a bonus we will even help you kill our SOLDIERS .Funny the sequester cuts affected many programs in the U.S BUT WE CAN STILL HAND BILLIONS TO CRIMINALS like Karzai.......now how weird is that.......????

"Compromise Deal"?  How much more US TAXPAYER money did OWE-Blamer give away to secure this "deal"?

If their president doesn't care why should we. Put those billions back into America.

OBL is dead. I see no reason to stay anymore. The tribal elders want us out, Karzai wants us out and, I thought Obama wanted us out. One must ask, why does Obama still want us there?

Anytime you hear DEAL......that usually means U.S taxpayers are screwed again......TIME TO PULL OUT OF THIS SHT HOLE...........cut off the funding NOW.............

Why compromise with karzai or any afgahn group?Just take our people,supplies, equiptment, weapons,and Money and leave.  They don't want or need us, only our protection and money.To hell with them.

Let’s just leave and let Karzai have the place.

Want to travel back in time?  For the cost of an airline ticket you can see it in Afghanistan.

Yeah right... I recall Obama saying that he'd close Guantanamo Bay too.

Is there any doubt why the American people are arming themselves and readying for a conflict on our soil?   Just read the paper == listen to the news -- "our" Supreme Court cannot figure out if you have to be an American citizen to vote -- every politician in Washington is corrupt -- "our" President has not one clue as to "leadership" -- more than two thirds of our country does not believe him -- or the "attorney general" -- the media is the joke of the century -- we "followed like mice too long" -- now it is too late --- and we are the ones responsible ---That's whats wrong with this government, they make "deals" with foreigners that hate us. How much American blood has to be spilled before they get it? Afghanistan is a waste-land full of animals, let them solve their own problems.

monty hall in "Lets Make A deal."  just love karzais crazy costume. i'm sure he'll win.

Are we so naïve that we don’t see Karzai’s intent? The Afghans don’t have the will or skills – even after eleven+ years – to hold off the Taliban when the US pulls out; Karzai is trying to save his sorry #$%$. As long as there is a US presence, he can stick out his hand and tell us to fill it with money. We knew Obama was too dumb or Muslim oriented to see it; now Hagel too?

We will know if the troops can stay in that area as soon as the check clears.

This is ridiculous, the only ones Karzai leads is us. As soon as we leave he will leave or be killed. He is just trying to fill his war chests to take with him when he leaves !!!!!!!!!!!!!

Karzai wants American troops there for one reason. If the terrorists are killing Americans, they're not looking to kill him or his supporters. Only thing we should leave in that hell hole are our used latrines.

Get out! Now!

Why are we stationing any troops in this stone-age place?  Afghanistan is not worth any more American lives.  Let them sort out their own lives - our role is not to turn the place into some DC suburb.

Why are we always putting idiots in Washington?

No, deal, Sarge, bring them all home, that god forsaken country is not worth our people dying for. By leaving anyone there, you are just going to get them killed. Don't turn this into another Vietnam. You remember how it was.Anotheer lie unravelled.  The American forces will not be out of Afghanistan by end of 2014.  The politicians in the big house found a way to make more money by staying and when their integrity gets questioned, well it will be someone elses fault once again.  Obama, you are sorry!

Bring our guys home Hagel!  If Russia got out, we should get out!

Why are we dealing with a guy that wears a St. Peppers costume and a carpet?

We'll likely be there forever, no matter what Obama promised us.

How much money was in the briefcase they delivered to Karzai anyway.

Hey...didn't some important democrat politician say that democrats were against this war, and that he was gonna' bring all the troops home? Who was that guy? Oh, that's right...it was Barak Hussein Obama who said that! Didn't he also say he wasn't gonna' raise our taxes one thin dime? And that he was gonna' bring the unemployment rate down to 4%? and that he was gonna' close Gitmo, and he was improve the economy, and the world was gonna' respect and love us? And his administration would be transparent, and he wouldn't hire lobbyists? No tax cheats in his administration, by golly! It just keeps getting worse and worse with this miserable failure of a president, and the democrats just keep piling it on the heads of American taxpayers. You democrats should get ready for a one way ride the next election...just sayin!

Time to leave. The lithium has been mined to it's max.

Obama has been in office for over 4 years and we are still in Afghanistan.

Hagel looks like Bill Clinton on acid.

Obama Lied!!!!Is it to keep Karzai safe while he plunders us and his people?

Didn't Obama promise all troops home after his first election? How stupid.

I still remember Obama's promise to have all of our troops home in his first term. His supporters seem to be happy with his decision to keep them over there ?  Of course if we had a republican president, under the same circumstances, you would never hear the end of it.

The only deal I want to see is a complete exit from that dung of a country of all U.S. forces....

?? What is happening ?? to quote candidate Obama  in 2008  { Withing 16 months of my becoming President all the combat troops will be home and you can take that to the bank. } This mist be as case of Obame lied and people are dieing

We have been training these people for how long? let them take over and bring our people home...

So their Friendly Troop can Kill Them ?   Bring them home ...Not in Body Bags !

killing off more SF troops

Pull everyone out now. Leave Karzi to stew in his own juice.

What in the World !!  We have to compromise with and beg The Afghan so that they will allow us to keep our troops there to be killed and maimed.  And are they asking for "money to boot" to seal the deal.  Isn't it evident that they do not want us there ??  We have gone COMPLETLY BONKERS.And it will cost the U.S. Treasury $1 billion dollars per prisoner for the special forces to remain in the key province.

Does Hagel look stupid or what??

Just leave the country.....Let him fight his own war,he does not care about America

I wonder how much this deal will cost us.

Killing more of our best for no return. Isn't that nice?

What is it the CINC BO thinks is strategically useful to have our troops stay in Afghanistan and Iraq?

Karzai will end up somewhere in United States right after his term is over , with lot's of dope  money in his pocket

Lets just leave, the stupid goat lover wants to control his own country, let him.  Just don't give him any more money or toys.  He is on his own to try to run the country.  See how much he doesn't like us then.

Two question's?1: How many $ Billion's in bribe money is this going to cost the American taxpayer?2: Will our troop's be required to tie one or both hand's behind their back's.

Please stop wasting our troops lives and our tax dollars. We are not going to change that countries tribal ways no matter how many troops, how much we spend or how long we stay. No central gov will control Afgan. Nato in 11 years hasn't been able to. How will they? So leave now and understand some places we just cannot change to what we want. We have needs for the money being spent here in the USA. Stop wasting the billions we are. Start learning from history no one has ever controlled the place.You voted for obama, so you voted for Hagel. Did you really think anything would be done like promised?

Of course!  That province is loaded with mineral deposits.

Afghan and U.S. officials are working on a compromise deal to allow American special forces to stay in a strategically key province near the capital"ALLOW" American special forces to stay?????????????????? This is totslly INSANE!!!!!! Remove all our troops.These Afghan ANIMALS, need to fight their own fight!!!! WHY are we still there anyway?? Poppy production has increased by at least 50%, WHO or WHAT are we protecting there ??????????

I can't wait until Afghanistan is a distant memory and Karzai get's what he deserves.

The Afghanistan war will go down in history as the most stupid war in the history of our country. It is only costing us 300 million dollars a day to look stupid.You would think we could find a safer way to waste 300 million dollars a day?

Why???   They told us to leave!!   Why are we not "leaving??" --- we need to take all of the politicians-- make sure the first one on the plane is Obama bin lyin  -- put them on the next plane over to Iraq/Afganistan -- with "their" sons and daughters" -- and end our misery ---

WHY!!!!!

And this is a good idea?

We should compromise! If they don't want us there we should leave with all our troops. Pretty simple.

Unless squandering more US dollars and lives is the goal, there is nothing to gain by staying there.........Pretty slimy deal. Let's just keep tabs on how many of the Taliban prisoners get released. Any bets ?????????

WHY !! Bring them all home,now!

Bring the troops home NOW !!!

Staying there for what? Anyone....Bueller?.....anyone??

"A deal ", That place is the largest producer of illegal dope in the world . The people in that country are way above the world average of dope use .Get out of there .

war mongers in Washington need voted out and the defense spending cut by at least half after all how many times to you really need to have enough weapons to destroy earth?

Ok, let me get this straight? Karzai HATES Americans.... he circumnavigates ALL attempts to bring real peace to Afghanistan.... he demands BILLIONS in US taxpayers dollars... and for this, we get to put more of our service members in danger? NO F _ ING WAY!

"I'm bring the Troops home from Afghanistan".

We knew this anyway. His  another look at how great I am moment.He has us all over the middle east now.

That's no deal, playing king of the world is not fixing America, its destroying America. These failures are only throwing the hard working tax payers money out of the country, and in the worst economy ever as well. Thats why this worthless administration never has a budget, all they've known is steal and spend the peoples money since day one.Of course the insurgents will take over when the US leaves Afghanistan.  Look at Iraq.  The same thing will happen here.  SO FREAKIN' WHAT?  Get our troops out of these cesspool countries, protect our own nation and its borders and stop worrying about oil.  Don't fret and weep.  They want your money.  They will sell you oil.

If perpetuating this war is so darn important to our Pentagon, then why not require the the immediate families of all commanders to live in Afghanistan until they decide enough is enough?  Better yet, wouldn't our Commander in Chief and Pentagon officials also be better situated to run this war if they also moved their families to allow them to be closer to theater?

No!NO!ABSOLUTELY NO!!!!  Get out. Completely.  We've wasted enough of precious blood and money and received almost nothing in return.  Stop feeding us the BS about national security interests.

wait a minute.....ya mean we have to ask permission to spend more taxpayer defense money and american blood to help defend Karzai's corrupt govt????    gee,,many people would have expected a "thanks, America for saving my butt" from Karzai.

Oh yea "we hate you and kill you but give us your money and protection".  we should leave and take all our money and toys

Obama is doing a GREAT job of getting out of Afghanistan, don't ya' think?

had we prosecuted that war as a war instead as a sociologists practice session the outcome would have been decidedly more positive..   as our non existant leadership continues to fail us, and our dedication and our treasure evaporate,  we will find ourselves being progressivly backed into a corner by those who should have been dispoosed of when we had the chance, and won't even recognize that it's happening to us

hey politicins quit wasting our time and money there and esp our vets whoare the real heros u want 2 stay u pay 4 it out of your own pocket and sendyour kids there!

We should do exactly what President Karzai's has directed. After all it's his country and we should honor and be willing to accept his decisions. Why are our politicians working to change that decision? I guess as long as they or their loved ones are not placed in harms way it's easy to continue a losing political war. We appear to have this war munger attitude that we must remain in a constant war posture some where in the world. We just go from one war front to the next.

As I said, these lies against SF were just that.  Sadly, no matter how good our men are they are working with morons in a country chock-full of morons.  No winning there.Sounds like Karzai is setting himself up to be head of the Taliban once U.S. forces leave in 2014.

Why are we making more deals (compromises) with those who clearly want to bring their house down upon their ears?

Isn't it pathetic when the Pentagon &amp; Obama act as stupid as Karzai; Leave Afghanistan completely, everything &amp; everybody out and home, if action is needed use the USAF as when this war started over ten years ago.

ALL U.S. troops should be brought home. The Taliban are going to kill Karzai anyway. Who can blame them.

We needed to invade Afganistan because of what happened on 9-11. Bush made the mistake of saying that we can fight a compassionate war. The military is for breaking things &amp; killing the bad guys. Not Nation building. Should have b

Karzai &amp; most of the Afgan people have no respect or gratitude for the sacrifices that American troops had made for this country. Can't even get a thank you for up grading the infa structure of this nation trying to make there lives better.GET OUR TROOPS OUT NOW1 NOT NEXT YEAR. NOT NEXT MONTH! NOT NEXT WEEK!

This is what happens when politicians become tacticians and strategist...soldiers die. The afghans don't want us there and we can't do anything unless they agree. We are at their disposal.

So much for ending this war

You cant make a deal with these people they have no honor and respect nothing but killing one another over religious diversity and their own children over minor infractions of their version of their Holy Book in the name of Allah and call the actions "Honor Killings"! Get our troops out, all of them, now! We will never "civilize" these people!

Its time to bring our warriors home and start to heal the wounds of war.They deserve peace and quiet with their families.Yea,and obama will cut their pay,their healthcare and God only knows what else ,but the troops are to make life better for the hateful muslims,isn't something wrong here,and our borders are open to the flow of illegals getting our perks at home,isn't there something wrong here ?????

What about skynet ?.

Yes, and I'll bet they'll be stationed on every big oil truck route. Around oil refineries and pumping stations. You'll see. Given the fact that most of this oil is shipped to China, where are their troops?

Can you even imagine the hue and cry from the press regarding the situation in Afghanistan if this was Bush's war?

screw these SOBs... quit being SAPS and get out!!!  then let Karzai fall!  then let special forces roll them up when they come out of the woodwork.

Get us out of that trainwreck of a country and let Karzai's troops do their jobs. Theydon't like us and don't want us there. They've made that abundantly clear on more than one occasion. Time to leave that backwards schidthole and let them go back to doing what theydo best: Supplying illicit opium to the rest of the world.

I am Barack Hussein Obama, and I approve this move. Now all you sheeple, shut up and do as I say or you will get a visit by my friend Mr. Drone. Karzai is my buddy, leave him alone. Here, take another sip of my famous Kool-Aide.

Did any of you actually think Obozo was gonna end the wars?  LOL

GIVE US A GOOD REASON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Why are we still dealing with this drug kingpin??the "one we have been waiting for" will bring our troops home right after he closes GITMO, ends the Patriot Act, Creates a few jobs, Strenghtens the middle class, brings down the cost of gas, makes the US energy independent with solar, wind and geo-thermal, brings Wall Street criminals to justice, provides home owners with mortgage relief, makes college more affordable, gives away free condoms.......

Sergeant Hagel always looks like he just stumbled out of the NCO Club.

the us isnt even wanted i afghanistan so leave the freakin place

Defoliate the poppy fields, and leave. "Yesterday"

Watch out soldiers,Chuck hagel just talked to the devil in AFG and an agreement was made.Your lives from this point are more in danger then prior to this Chat.

I guess it's not time to officially put US troops with the Al Queda groups of the FSA in Syria, so keeping them close in Afghanistan is the next best thing.

Best target in Afghanistan for a drone strike, Hamid Karzai!

My vote is to bring our troops home to place on the Mexico border and send Obama to Afghanistan with his faux peace prize to waive in the air. A new rope would be to good for these politicians.

It ends just as it has before, WORTH nothing.

I only hope there is no deal , it's high time our Women and men from around the world are all brought home let them take care of their own countries are loss them period , And us take care of our own  periodDidn't Obama run on bringing these troops home?

I thought we were leaving. Let the animals live like animals.

why not we always offer assistance to tribes that hate us!

These people arn't worth two cents. Bring all our men home now. You can't make a country free and democratic, the people of the country have to do it themselves. Sadly, don't see that happening. Any more losses are a direct responsibility of the president.

Stay in one place and ignore the rest of the nation is what the Russians did and also why they lost.Hagel turns victory into defeat,

The spending cuts in the U.S. government should start with all foreign-aid FIRST!

Obama in on the deal to keep our troops in countries that hate us but love our money. He also supports them by buying their oil and discouraging  any attempt to get our oil in friendly places or our own country.

'U.S. commanders want to ensure that dangerous prisoners will not be released back into the battlefield, but Karzai has raised alarms by warning that any "innocent" prisoners being held at the facility will be released.'I'm sure Obama will transfer them to ICE prisons stateside then release them here.

IS Everybody Happy under Obama Foreign Policy?

Key provinces ?  Where the gas and oil pipelines run to Pakistan and India ?  Where Internationa Corporations are going after Afgan Natural Resources ?There is always a business reason behind wars...isn't this one that Afghanistan has rare metals that we need for new technology and we don't want to give it up?  Greed.  We need to bring all of our people and equipment back.  Let them fight it out.

Throw in a few snow cone machines as part of the deal.

No one wants us there, from their president down. Why can't our 'leaders' take the hint?

Who is Karzai to be giving the U.S. any orders ? The U.S. put him in power, so we own him. Either he chills out, or we leave and he's on his own, to welcome the taliban back.

was there any doubt? karzia is a weak sister.

I thought the "all and powerful" obama could just say come home.....

We need to keep a key group available for contingency plans,Pakistan is nuclear and unstable as a piece of paper in a wind storm.Someone with sense has to monitor Iran their all Heroin junkies,serious I know Washington knows but the populous don't.Do whats needed  you have my support.

Give Bagram to the Afhanis and it will be empty in less than a week......KILL KARZAI!!!!!!

Working on a deal to stay? How about we just get out of that sewer?We are on a fool's errand and it should end ASAP.

Why, the government in Afghanistan will not let them do the work that is needed and it frankly is only endangering the live of these very good soldiers with no benefit to either government or to the people.  We we leave it should be all or nothing.  Let Karzai deal with the Teliban on his own without US help.  But tell the Teliban that if they attempt to leave or train people to conduct operations outside Afghanistan they will be bombed to pre stone age.The American People have spoken................yet, this Administration does not listen to the People..........., how many more of our brave sons &amp; daughts must die in Afghanistand, how many more must live w/injuries the rest of their lives.........., the American People Mr. President don't want our sons &amp; daughts over there........, enough American Blood and treasure has been spent, the Afghan Gov't is corrupt, the Afghan's President own brother is involve in the drug trade as well. Obama, I do not see any, ..............reason, other than the fear the press puts out about the Taliban, but we, can not help any culture that lives by its tribal loyalties and a religion that has no tolerance for anyone's other. BRING ALL OUR TROOPS HOME.......................ENOUGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

When we leave the Afghanistan that helped the US will be done away with just like they were in Vietnam.

Lets get out of that HELL Hole. Of course Obuma knows best.

So why are the liberals totally silent still, about Obama's Afghanistan war? Why won't they whine and complain like they did over our legitimate war with Iraq? Obama can send our troops off to die but no one else is allowed to?

Get out american the tax payers don,t want you in there and quit spending there money your way,wake up ding #$%$ elites,shysters.

Afghanistan is going to be a money pit.  The Afghans are going to continue their tribal and clan wars among themselves and also continue to kill Americans by any means possible.  Karzai is going to be ousted after NATO and the bulk of American forces leave. The few troops left in Afghanistan will be targets for the Taliban and any other clan wanting power after the troops leave.

We will never learn,you cant make deals with the devils children

the correct relationship is victor and vanquished, not partners.

If the Afghan people want them out, pull them out, not rocket science. The Taliban will probably take over after we leave anyhow.

Obama's lack of experience has caused this. He blundered into this when announced our pull out date. You never, ever, ever tell the enemy when you are going to leave!Hey Reuters!  Where is the story on the Obama Administration telling survivors of Benghazi to keep quiet about the event?  Yes there were survivors!  Obama needs to be IMPEACHED!

Someone has to protect the poppy fields.

US "Elite" forces -- WHY?

And when those small bases are being overrun will the same people that made the decision to help the special services soldiers in Libya be able to decide if it's the politically correct thing to do?

The only thing is to remove all US troops from Afgan and leave Karzai to the War Lords.

Perhaps it's an inconvenience to the drug trade.

Military decision makers should stay there with the troops.

I don't understand why they need special forces after we pull out. In over a decade of war we're just about where we started, except we're dead broke.

Not one more American life!! Afghanistan was not, and will never be worth it!!

Liar in Chief is BACKSLIDING on his promises AGAIN !... well you see this little point here is what I am bassing this Change on - LIAR !Another broken promise, which equals a lie, by this administration.

They have no intenions of bringing all troops home..We still have troops in irag on all us agency there..why do you think when they tell you they all home? They are not there will always be troops left behind always...You liberals just dont have really no idea what goes on outside american shores..Its a total shame to see politicians use americans for their lies and power as our does..Keeping so many in the dark at whats really going on..Its a total shame and digrace of america ..Some of you I guess choose to stay in the dark...Im from a long history of military members of my family...You people are blind and uninformed big time..Im so embarrased at what this gov has become..So ashamed of my fellow man not caring of america so much they will not confront the gov for answers nor research real news ..Start with news from around the world to see what our country is doing..Our news wont tell you they work for the gov..You blind and dumbdown people..I dont like saying that about my country men but its the damn truth..I dont care if you have a college degree you dumbdown to the world probems and what part our gov plays in it and why..college smarts does not teach you world smart nor commen sense...Does not open your eyes up to the world ..I just hope america wakes up soon to see our country is not what they pertrey to be...And I hope it happens before so many more innocent people die ..

Bring the troops home. If our government wants people to be place in key provinces, let Hagel and his supporters go. Stop using our military to fight your political agenda.

Just in time for the harvest.   Maybe the US shouldn't take any prisoners anymore.   That would eliminate the prison deal and them getting released when the Afghanis take over.

Everything that Obama touches turns positive into negative. He's like an anti-president, a gnome that takes his crooked wand to the good performed by others, and turns it into failure.

Afghanistan is one of the sewer nations America needs to get out and stay out of.

why is it that the us defese cheir wants to keep military forces in each countary they go into when they know over half of them hate us we are infedes to them if they donyt want the us there then get the heck out and bring all our troops ,equipment, and astop all the aid and money to them

Damn, Obama lied again. Bring our people home! Karzai can find his own troops to protect his sorry #$%$ People, please don't let Obama pull this on us.

Guess Karzai got his suitcase full of cash. Corruption is his governing principal.

We have to make deals with a dope dealer to deploy our troops where we need them deployed ?  This is the "new age military" I guess . Let's get out of there and let that stink hole implode . Put those troops on our own borders .A monkey, and I'm not being racist or referring to our president, would have made better decisions the past three years than what's come out of Washington about our involvement in Afghanistan.

Really, why are we in Afghanistan?

This is old news! We NEVER leave a country once we fight there! Thats one of the reasons our budget for defense is so large!

Just get the #$%$ out of that heel hole and never go back.

When we invaded Afghanistan 12 years ago the U.S. government led its citizens to believe it would be a quick in out, like Bill and Monica. Instead it has dragged on and on. There may now be more taliban than ever before and they contro more territory than they did several years ago. There are actually parts of Afghanistan where American soldiers do not go now because the taliban control them.

ALL OR NONE COME HOME AS FOR  Hamid Karzai's we are done there remenberwhat Obe1 say bring the troops out NOW.

Hagel, the picture pretty much sums it up.Looks defeated before he even starts.

Haha. What a weak country we have become. Thanks Obama, you let this drug dealing phony tell you what to do, and then you try to work out a deal. I am sure Iran is watching and laughing as well. North Korea has more balls than we do. What a joke.

Well, they'll only be there one year.  The president said so.

H'm where are our investigative reporters?  Where are the stories on WHAT are soldiers and their local contacts are doing?   There is a reason WHY are soldiers come home and commit suicide.  When they are back in the "real" world they cannot handle what they did "over there".Withdraw our troops, cut off aid to that crazy part of the world, but keep lots of drones handy!

The fact that we have to make a deal shows we can't win this war. The most powerful military on earth that is occupying a foreign land doesn't need to make a deal. The whole point of an occupation is to force our will onto them. We have not won a war outright since WW2 because we don't fight war the way it should be fought anymore. We have to go back to our war policy in WW2, where we destroy the enemy's will to resist (Total War) then build them back up on our terms.

Reuters, screw Karzai and his corrupt government of clan thieves and drug runners! That country is not worth one more American or ally life! That Karzai is even trying to talk to us is a waste of our time! Dump this bag of manure into the hands of the Taliban and see how he buys himself out alive with the money he stole from the liberators of his country!

I think like most American's and it's time for the Afghan people to defend their new freedom on their own . It's time for America to move on and let the country find it's way . [ THIS IS THE RIGHT THING FOR AMERICA, DON'T YOU THINK SO ? ]

No, no, no, no, no! Bring the troops home!

Even when Afghanistan tells us to leave, we refuse.  The ONLY people who want us in Afghanistan are the American Politicians.

Have you ever noticed that once our government puts our soldiers onto foreign soil, they never let us leave the country?Our troops are PRISONERS over there!

Talibans will hang Karzai after NATO troops leave Afghanistan

Like sending a line cook to do the job of a surgeon. Jesus...

Bring the troops home now, then turn the desert to glass...Karzai in an #$%$we have to make "a deal" to protect these criminals??? what planet is our government from? this country is overdue for a reality check.

President is messing up.  Why would we leave anyone there after they accuse our armed service personel of horrible murders and want control of them.  Instead we cut their benefits and the benefits of those who have served and give that money to them as well.  We have serious priority issues in our government.  Our government has some serious problems with money and we take from the ones we trust and give it to the ones who hate us.  Really stupid

Get out completely!  It would be fitting to see Karsai hanging by his heels but he will be sipping expresso in Switzerland long before we have left.  Switzerland because he wans to be close to our money he has stashed there.

The Afghans are too inept and corrupt to defend themselves. Sounds like Vietnam.

There was a reason why Alexander didn't invade the Hindu Kush,.

cut the money off and see how they will beg us to stay.

With obama,kerry and the likes of hagel 'RUNNING THE SHOW",we should just take ALL of our patriotic troops out of harms way and bring them home !!!These nutjobs don't care about our troops !!!!

We should bring our troops home, end all monetary aid and let the Afghans have their entire(s)(h)(i)(t)hole of a country.  We are only delaying the inevitable Taliban takeover.  The Afghanis want the Taliban to rule and are not motivated or strong willed enough to fight the Taliban.  Good luck to them when their entire country is ruled by sharia law and they are back in the 7th century.

Wow, what a deal. We kiss As..just so we can keep out soldiers fighting and dying for those camel dung eaters. What a deal!

Its time to let Afghanistan return to the backwards, corrupt ways they deserve.  Bring the forces home, give them some down time with their families, then send them into North Korea and let Mr. Kim, learn a few lessons about asymmetric warfare.Why can't we just GTFO ASAP?

I have been a Democrat my entire life.  My parents are Democrats.  My siblings are too.All of my friends are Democrats.  My mayor, Congressman, Senator, all Democrats !Now the President is agreeing to keep troops in a war that this nation should neverhave gotten in.  Look at the money spent and the lives lost!   I don't believe in war!Our leaders promised to get us out of the war.  Obama stated the same in duringhis campaign.Well now, Obama lied and it will cost more American treasure; money and lives.This will surely bankrupt our nation!   What other lies has Obama made ?!I hate being a member of a politcal party whose leaders are proven liars.  Disgusting!

Approximately two years ago, the United States, Afghanistan and a few other countries found over $1, 000,000,000,000.00 worth of "precious minerals" in the eastern province of Badakstan. At the same time Lowgar/Logar Province, copper was found estimated of great value. Now Wardak/Vardak Province is right next to the province where the copper was found. That is the province that FH Karzai wants to kick out the US Special Forces. Is this just a coincidence?

so how much money are we paying them for this new deal?

KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan and U.S. officials are working on a compromise deal to allow American special forces to stay in a strategically key province near the capital in return for full Afghan control of a controversial jail, a top Kabul official said.(( So where are the additional tax funds will be generated to keep our forces overseas? Off of trees? Lets see where we spend our money towards foreign protection; E.U., U.K., Middle East, Asia, Austrialia, Africa and South America. Sound like we got it covered...$$$ So much for the Health care that everyone can be covered under without having to pay into the health insurance companies crooks! The politicians claim its not cost effective. ))

President Hamid Karzai's is a corrupt ungrateful piece of sht.What balls he has after all the American blood and untold hundreds and hundreds of billions of American dollars wasted on an ungrateful people and afghan president.We need to withdraw everyone and let them kill each other.

NO, NO, NO, Bring all troops home, NOW!

Let's keep them all in Key Areas of the United States!!!  The hell with Karzai!!!

The 1,000 that converged on the capital of Wardak were Talibanies that were upset that they didn't gain control of that provence without a fight.Really though, we just need to pull out, all out and just let it be.  12 years for Afghanistan to have control of their land and to have been trained is enough.  12 years.  That's an entire time that we go from 1st to graduating high school.Time to give Afghanistan their caps and capes and a diploma and for our forces to leave them to use all the training they've been given.

Trying to help a country that have no desire to change, and is playing both sides, is futile.... not worth any servicemembers death!! Leave, don't leave anyone behind, take everything with you and don't look back...Pull then all out Karzai says we are helping the Taliban.  they hate us anyway.  If we need to we can go back in and kick butt but leave the sheep herders and the poppy growers to themselves

Even Obama's hand-picked White House photographers can't make Hagel look good. He always looks like he just woke up in an alley.

Fools......Didn't learn anything from Korea and Nam.....doing the same old #$%$ again.....Time to get these fools out of Washington....

What happened to all the campaign promises to be out of Afghanistan "last" year ?

You mean we spent our treasure and blood to give these people the freedom to live in a country without the suppression and murderous rampage of the Taliban is controlled? That we have instead created a political monster that is not helping us? Would this type of process ever worked in Japan after that war and what is wrong  here in Afghanistan. Political wars are where nobody wins and people get  killed in an open ended field of different maniacal agendas of destruction and stupidity.Do whatever we have to do to stop the funding, and pull out asap. These people hate us and are not our allies.The Chinese have ALL the mining contracts to support the future electronics industry whereupon the only place to get these precious metals is in Afghanistan, and all we got was Karzai? wat up wit dat? we must be crazy or being run by the Democrats, something is wrong with this picture.

I wonder if defense contractors pay taxes on their billions,,,,,

Why??? When are they going to take care of their own business? We've been there training them for 12 years, we give two/three months basic training to our troops and produce the best soldiers in the world. Are they slow to learn, or what?

Screw em... pull out now.  They are an ungreatful nation.  Bring our money and guys home and let them be...

@ BugmanWhy?Afghanistan is a treasure trove of untapped almost unlimited mineral resources including rare earth (at present only China has large resources of rare earth)

This episode is coming to a conclusion, but there is lingering one question.aAe we trying to repeat the Vietnam model??This is exactly what we did there back in 70's, leaving our elite forces in "key" areas to prevent Ho Chi Min forces to overrun Saigon. Any body at Pentagon remember how this ended??Take all our troops out of Afganastan.Then if we think they are promoting terrorism,bomb the #$%$ out of the whole country.How many of our guys have to die defending these jag offs before we learn its not a winnable situation.then the next country and the next.If they still don't get it send them ONE nuke just ONE.Then they'll figure out not to attack the USA.

type in your search box  GlobalupdateNASA ,  over 1 Trillion dollars in rare mineral depositsin Afghanistan that is the reason we have Troops there. jmo

Need to tell the lobby, and the business funding any political campaigns in their intrests $$$, thier the ones who decide what to do in america.  Our leaders are just the face who quack like a duck in the public's eye's.

full Afghan control of a controversial jail,HOW MANY MORE MIL.??

If the USA would publicly request from the Taliban a ceasefire,it would be quickly granted. This would give the USA free passage for the evacuation and disembarkation of all personnel from Afghanistan without any further loss of life on either side.

Get out!

why are we there?

The deal will include a truckload of $100s.

Time to come home our troop have done there mission and were successful and this afgan president or so called president is a player. #$%$ we leave they will be a one horse country againBring them home period. My brothers have done there job and time for some r and r

I give Afghanistan about two weeks to last after we pull outWhoever thinks our troops should remain in the money pit should be fired and relocated there permanently.

This is insane, we were PROMISED repeatedly that we would ALL be out by 2014 period. Are the american people going to give the administration,Hagel, even the choice?

We need to be out of that dirty corrupt country.    Karzai demands US Special Forces leave in two weeks.  Good!  Accept the demand and take every piece of equipment with us.  And what we can't take, destroy.  Leave that corrupt SOB nothing.  And on the way out destroy the poppy fields.

Any chance we could implant a gps tracker on the prisoners just in case?

Turn it around ....send obama over there and let them dig up a birth certificate from the Golan Heights.

Get the f'k out of Afghanistan and Iraq and take the money out of Karzai's and Maliki's accounts - and lets not forget about Cheney's, Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz's acounts also including Halliburton, KBR and the entire group that has profited in these illegal wars!

obama should do what he said he would and get them out of that dump and let them run their country as they see fit . no troops or money from the u.s.

Its funny, nanny cares more for the child than the mother. If plan was getting OSAMA, you got him, why wasting time and money in Afghanistan a country that had nothing to do with 9/11. Two of the U.S.’s main allies SAUDI ARABIA and PAKISTAN and not Iraq or Afghanistan were major players.

How about if we just tell the afghan people this is how it's going to be for the moment until we decide otherwise. and start removing the individuals objecting to the process. Stop finding this nightmare partisan political war and get our soldiers pout of their asap.If the Afghan people do not want to be free and instead embrace the subservient ideology of the Taliban then let them die for their country and all the contracts they have with China.

for once i agree with the left wing liberty.get all us troops out of this place. tell any one who wants to hear. if the talban want to use this as a base for attach on the usa or it base over in that part of the earth tell them drones and big missles.we have spend to muchmoney on this leader and his country. money is bad but all our good american lives is far more inportant.This is bull, bring the troops home!!  Send omama and holder over there!!

What??!!  It'll cost a fortune to keep it from becoming another Alamo. Who dreams this stuff up?

Hello Chuck, you just started and you are beat already... this will kill you.  Get the boys out of there, you know the game and your taskmaster does not.  Execute !!

The Afghans ask us to leave but we insist to stay! What is wron with this picture?

Oh, I almost forgot. Hagel, your a complete f'n idiot.

We , leave troops there to our armed services so we can keep giving them Aid and they accuse us of horrible murders and we keep cutting our benefits to the troops who will be there.  Sounds like we a priority issue.

Yes, the US continues to kiss Karzia's butt, while paying extortion money in the billonsto his regeim of corruption. Nothing changes for the good of our service people.

Boy look at the bags under his eyes must be a cocktail drinker.

Americans will suffer from Bush's wars in generations to come, thanks to the people that voted for Bush.

15 miles from Kabul, despite the presence of special forces of the top superpower, it is still a terrorist heaven, security steadily deteriorating in the past 12 years,and we are worried, if we leave,...... what could get worse?i am just worried Karzai could be proven telling the truth......most of the puzzle pieces are starting to fit......No, absolutely not. No deal. Bring all the troops home now!!!

I bet the "key" province is where they grow the opium to ship into the US.

The Afghan folks don't seem to much care for us there but put up with us as long as we send money.  It was/is the same in Iraq and they tell us billions of US dollars are "missing" there.  Our troops need a rest as does our "pocketbook".  Bring home our troops an especially the "special forces" so they can get a good rest before being sent out to mind somebody else's business.

Just shows how #$%$ dumb we really are.  there is nothing gained by staying anywhere for anytime in Affukistan.  get the F out now.  Nothing good will ever come from fighting in the toliet.  Wake the F up...  How many more Americans must die there until we get our fill of this BS.....

You're going to need them in Iran soon, anyway.

Pull them all out and bring them all home. The Afgans have shown they don't want us there, so let them be. After they finish killing each other off, then we can go back and build that parking lot the middle east has always needed.

Keeping some troop there?  Is THAT the district where those Billion$ of dollars worth of minerals are at?  The minerals that the US rich, greedy companies want to exploit?The rich minerals that were the REAL reason why we went there in the first place?Like Iraq,, where there is MORE oil than in Saudi Arabia,, is the REAL reason why we went into Iraq.It's ALWAYS about the MONEY for corporations... and OUR troops are just PAWNS that are used, and thrown away to make the rich get richer, and the poor get dead.

I get it...We'll catch them, they will let them go, and we'll catch them again.That's one way to keep this nonsense dragging out.

If we leave entirely today, tomorrow, or in two years, the place will collapse upon our exit. Save lives and money, just GTFO.  (and yes I'm a Vet with a sock drawer full of medals for all they are worth). Medieval mindset with tribal alliances and factions going way back in time coupled with a religious bent that doesn't foster a democratic society.

Good for Krzai but bad for America because you don't support a corrupt puppet because that will never take you anywhere.Why not send politicians to the front?That would help all concerned as their loss is our gain.

bin laden is dead afghanistan is a waste land and their president is the classic puppet on a string mouth piece.let the taliban come back to power.they hate iran.and are the only ones ruthless enough to stop the heroin trade.time for usa to mop up and come home.

What will it cost to be deemed innocent?

Tell you what, the US just got ten years of drone technological use.  No country has had a chance to use their drones in combat but the US.  We know the Russians helped the Iranians bring down that drone.  Remember what happened to the F-117 than got knocked down in eastern europe!!!

We are shameless unwanted people in Afghanistan.How are we going to pay for this ?Close 823 Military Bases in 125 countries and save our country from further bankruptcy.

Obama, the fraud who keeps on frauding - no total withdrawal as promised, right you commie loving fraud?

It seems to be a myth that we are pulling out..

Get ALL US troops out of Afghanistan NOW!!!

how much did this cost us? this is a winless war we should never gotten into

Who will pay for those over 300000 innocent afghans the ones we killed after 9/11 ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????Knowing how the President backs our people abroad, those left behind should send their wills back with the other men.

only ones left over there is senator mcwar and his buddy graham

Here at home  .  We are being repopulated by mexico and our new needy dependant class of poor residents voting democrat don't use birth control trying to make a buck tax free.

Is it just me, or does anyone else think Hagel looks like he enjoys several highballs throughout the day?

I do not trust this administration to protect these soldiers.  IF they are taken or killed they will blame Bush, the Republicans or the sequester.

Bin Laden and most of his kronies are dead.  Let's get our people home now.  Let the drones do the work.

I'll bet that this 'compromise' involves millions if not billions of our tax dollars along with the costs of keeping elite forces in the nation. You know, the $1 trillion attributed to 'Bush's Wars' was added up using the costs of all military actions, the operating costs of all military bases nationally and internationally and the costs of aid provided to ME nations. 48 other nations received the same multinational intelligence, came to the same conclusion and provided support and troops in Iraq, an action that many Dem reps clamored for and from whom Bush received a bill from. Of course he passed it and now the ever two-faced Dems, including Pelosi and Reid, all refuse to admit to their own legislation for the Iraq war so they can falsely denigrate Bush and the GOP to advance their party's political power.

Where is code pink or any other liberal organization that constantly made pejorative or worse vitriolic comments about Bush, yet are mysteriously silent now that Hussein is at the helm?  So freaking hypocritical in almost every way.  Obama promises no special interests involved with the WH and they then stand in line to get in and discuss Obamacare.....geeezzz

A wealth of evidence points to 9/11 being a false flag operation carried out by American traitors from the military-industrial complex, probably in collaboration with Mossad. This includes the obvious explosive demolitions of WTC 1, 2 and 7. We are told that so-called Al Qaeda is such a sophisticated and well-funded organization that they were able to outfox the trillion dollar US military machine. In this case, couldn’t their several dozen members have relocated years ago to, for example, France or Morocco? Why would they be playing cat and mouse with NATO in the hills of Afghanistan and Pakistan? The local Afghans, including the Taliban, are primarily illiterate peasants who use donkeys for transport and who have never been more than 10 miles away from their own village. Do such people really pose a threat to the US? We have been there now for over a decade; thousands of troops have been killed and maimed, and tens of thousands of Afghans have been killed. We have spent hundreds of billions of dollars. Does this all make sense if the real reason is to counter terrorism? Use your brains, people. The invasion and occupation of Afghanistan have nothing to do with terrorism and were planned before 9/11.

Plain and simple,just get the hell out of the toilet.So we have to "DEAL" to keep our kids in Karzai's shithole country while he wants us out of there? What the hell is wrong with our countries leadership. Is it our place in this world to spend our money to fight for their freedom while we forgive all of the war debt for the second world war.

pull out of that sh-t hole and let them have their own problems. nobody really cares what happens to them American hating #$%$

Welcome to NEW WORLD ORDER plots .

That old strategy of keeping troops in the area in-case needed against Iran is getting (Very-Old) and more expensive by the day. Muslim's, in general, are nothing but corrupt milkingmachines of US dollars that would and do stab us in the back, at every oppurtunity. Onlyfools trust any of them.

Here's the thing: SOF guys are fighting s toe to toe war with these guys in Wardak. No tanks etc..you remove them, and remember Karzai was talking Afghan SOF as well, and Kabul is next. They ain't coming in on tanks like last time.  It ll be a slow trickle in after Wardak falls and then bam..

afghanistan will fall when we pull out and we all know it...because the afghani's dont really care about changing their social structure....

Get  us out of there! We do not need them, they do not like us or want us. If we are worried of Taliban etc., they are all over world and not limited to that country. Spend the money and talent we waste there to prepare our defenses and secure this country. If they want to live the way they do let them, if not, let them fight their battle. If they try to come here be ready to destroy them.

One question.Why?

If our security demands we keep the SF teams in place, just put a couple of million Karzai's Swiss accounts and it's a done deal!

Since when do U.S. soldiers take orders from Karzai?To hell with Hamid Karzai' and his #$%$ hole country I say we make them all toast including Pakistani, Iran and Iraq.

I really thought the forces of the USA were controlled by the Generals and Admirals in the U.S. military. Since when do we allow another nation, that dispises us, to control what our military can and cannot do? Karsi's word were pretty self explanitory with his accusation last week that the U.S. was in cahoots with the Taliban. So, let's just leave and tell him to defend his own country with the army he has, that he can't even trust. When will the non participating warlord at the head of our country understand that enough is enough. If they don't like us, tell them good-bye. You're on your own.

The Afghan gov't is a puppet gov't which doesn't have the support of it's people.  Just like communist Russia said the east bloc countries wanted Russian troops in their countries so we say we are wanted in Afghanistan.  The only problem is our puppet is backtalking.  Say good-bye to your social security.  They don't want us there.

What happened to the promises about getting our troops out of there?

Bring all troops home!  We are more at risk from invading hoards at our US borders!

For God's sake, NO! We should withdraw all troops. We are not welcome and the Afghans want us out. We need to take our cue, withdraw all troops, financial resources/funding, equipment etc. I'm sure after we are out the Afghans will be back with their same old infighting and the violation of human and women's rights. WRITE YOUR HOUSE MEMBERS AND SENATORS. It will take numbers to finally get action.

The Best thing to do is let the politicians guard it and bring our  soldiers home, since they want to guard it so bad.

Or let obumas fruit troops lead attacks.

What are we doing now playing Lets Make A DEAL? Those clowns in Washington are getting worst by the minute.

Control of the prison means they will let all the prisoners go free to fight the U.S. forces that put them there.Leave all these muslim countries now and let them kill each other without losing anymore American lives. These people scream for help and when they get it we end up being the bad guys and the ones that are hated by their people. There's no help for any muslim country except tactical nuclear destruction starting with mecca as the first target.please bring ever usa people   home by 2014 i  mean every one and dont leave any one over there  effie

This will be a death sentence.  If these guys are left in insufficient numbers, our government will leave them to rot.  Benghazi.  Get them out.

More lies from Obama all to be home by the end of 2014 I guess the word all means something different to Obama

somebody's a fibber.

The Zionists Neocons started all that mess,Richard Perle,Paul Wolfowits#$%$ Chenney, Donald Rumsfeld ,all afiliated to the likud party ,it all started under REAGAN ,encourage Saudi Arabia to fund Salafists al-Qaeda all over the world and divide the muslim between Chiites and Sunnis . Things like that always backfires with the Muslims ,you would think the Intel services would have learnt by now . By the way I have never heard of Chiites killing Christians with bombs ! but the sunnis never stop doing it all over the world . Has anybody ever heard of a christian beeing killed in Iran,there are still many christians living in Iran ,mostly Armenians . The ennemy of Israel is not the ennemy of the USA ...The real ennemy of the USA are the Sunni Salafists ,They are the ennemy of the christian civilisation .

They just want to keep them there so they can be ready to go Iran on a moment's notice.

Let's draft Obummers daughters and send them to Afganistan, then we will see how long we stay there.

Definition of a really bad deal:"Deal likely to keep U.S. elite forces in key Afghan province: official"Support the troops, bring them all home from around the world for Easter!We are in Spring Break season, a time when America's youth should be crowding the southern beaches, drinking a bit to much, and chasing scantily clad members of the opposite sex (or same if you lean that way). What they should not be doing is toting guns in some overseas ellhay hole. Truman was wrong to start putting our kids all over the world, and Obama is wrong for keeping them there.

screw them they demand nothing

WHO ever voted for the idiot on top THANKS FOR NOTHING,He should have pulled OUR people out of there a loooooooong time ago.Maybe HE will go meet with the unit staying behind NOT.I'm certain there's a reason for this but it totally escapes me. We all know this is going to end badly for Karzai and the Afghan people ... well some of them anyway. There is simply no credible leadership. Leaving special forces there is leaving them to be target practice. We went in there to get Osama. We got him ... being protected in Pakistan. If this makes sense to anyone please explain why we just haven't left.

Here we go again, building another US base on foreign land. The country and certainly this afgan president deserves nothing from all of his ignorant rants about us.

Call Karzai's bluff, pull out US and British troops, cut off all aid to Afghanistan and see how long it takes for these ungrateful savages to start fighting and killing each other, it will save our soldiers doing it, this #$%$ hole of a country is not worth fighting for, let them go back to living like pigs.

Why is Hagel begging this piece of #$%$ to protect his country when Karzai wants us out.My God get out let these animals destroy each other like they have for hundreds of tears.Then Karzia can acheive his prosperity by coming over here and being a cabby.

i'd pull out 100% of troops it's a proven fact that if the western nations leave the barren lands of Afganistan to the tribal leaders they will resolve issue amongst themselves - IF they want taliban rulers so be it...what's it to the West except to give liberal news outlets an issue who complain about....let the people rule themselves as they wish....But if they do permit harboring of terriost....send in special forces and drones....right away...giving notice to leaders...a cheap efficient resolution...

I saw an interview with an Afghani businessman who said he didnt know what would become of his business if the US left.      My advice... join the army and defend your own damned country.  Our soldiers want to come home and start a business too.

GET OUT OF THAT HELL HOLE

They want control of the prison then give it to them but before we do that we should treat it like a house sale.  TAKE ALL THE PRISONERS WE WANT AND LEAVE THE REST FOR THEM.  At the same time pull out all of our troops.

this stupid #$%$ no womder we will never get ouit of there not with this #$%$.  maybe his plane will crash with this #$%$ in it.

Just get out and let the Taliban hang Karzi by the balls.Perpetuating the scam..... Anything to stay involved militarily, and war profiteer wise.  Talk about shoveling #### against the tide. So called Defense is now an out of control business, that is like a runaway diesel

Is it just me or does Hagel look like he has a cocaine hangover?

Obi-Wan: You will never find a more wretched hive of #$%$ and villainy. We must be cautious.I say we take off and nuke the site from orbit. It's the only way to be sure. - Ripleynothing more to be said...

Politically Correct War just kills and maims(physically and mentally) our troops:Let slip the Dogs of War, Shut Up, Let them, tell You when they're done, Bring them home, and Buy them a Beer or 12. You can find out what happened in AARs. It's called "Total War".The French are using this in Mali and have only lost 5 Troops in 9 weeks of killing every armed Muslim they come across.MACV Adviser68-70

so, how much US TAXPAYER dollars has our White House promised Afghanistan for this deal? GET our Troops out of there, NOW..... The fight there is over for US.... let them kill each other...

obama should be in GITMO !!!!

We must have printedsome more Play Moneyfor President Hamid Karzai

Bring those kids home you #$%$ hole . Why do you want them to stay there obama so you can continue to support that damn Karzai?

GET OUT NOW, we got Osama, why are we still there?

@ llona just' ive saying it for the last 5 years'|@ Mantis ; It does sound very familiar , as been for years' And now it starting here for real,|We have killed the one we wanted  now it time that,all ground force should come home!Karzai is smart like a politician and/or a #$%$. Take away the money, and then see how contrite he is. His muslem buddies will surely hang his bodyless head from a pole. Many Afganian people like and are willing to work with America and her soldiers, but are afraid of the repercussions that will follow them and their families. Bush and his cabinet really didn't  a good feeling about America to the Afgans with the people that he initally left in charge.

Just get them th' heck out of that morrass of intrigue and suffering, and make everybody happy.

At least some truth is required, here!  America and NATO will continue to protect Poppy Fields and Heroin production as well as International Heroin Distribution Networks in exchange for an opportunity to stay in Afghanistan's Wardak province.  Question: Our Drones strike at every mischief moving in Pakistan, even if there is substantial collateral damage or the murder of non-combatants for fun and pleasure,  by design -- Yet our military, Diplomatic and intelligence, representatives of,  We The People of the United states of America and NATO choose not to destroy all Poppy Fields, Heroin production and International Heroin Distribution Networks.  Who are we or who have we become in this, more than decade long war against ourselves and what we claim to believe in most as a nation-state!?  Shame on us , shame on America.

Looks like Hagel is trying to pick up some of the pieces of obozos failed policy decisions...

Hamid Karzai better be descended from Mohammed himself. Otherwise, under Obama's foreign policy in the ME, he WILL be removed from leadership just like any and all other leaders who dare think that they as common folk can rule Muslims, a serious blasphemy per the Muslim Brotherhood - punishment death.

Fighting against the Taliban is fighting against Pakistan military and Karzi----They are the same thing!

Why?  They are no longer welcomed there.  Let that two face dirt bag Karzai deal with the Taliban after all they are all cut from the same cloth.

there will NEVER be peace over there, get our troops out of there. and stop  making the leaders over there rich from our money. to many Americans have died for these ungrateful people. let karzai find someone else to finance him. the United States needs to get all our troops back, let some other countries help them, we ned to think of our country first. we also need a president that is thinking of our country first. that is clearly not the case, obama needs to step down and let someone else who will think of the United States first. let the rest of the world tackle their problems. I'm just saying. USA OOOOOORAH!!!!!

It's time for the President to act boldly and say,  to hell with you Karzai, and pull all troops out of that crappie place.  Karzai will know then how much we have been doing for his country. Instead the administration keeps kissing his #$%$ and catering to him.

Stop waisting our talented youth on b.s.so much for obummer saying he's going to bring ALL the troops home, guess the secretary didn't get the memo

Does anyone believe that one party is more responsible for us remaining there than the other.  Ask McCain if we should leave.  They are all idiots.  Both parties! Look at all of the responses to this article that believe all of our troops should be gone.   Yet neither political party's leadership will listen to any of us.

Enough is enough. Get our troops home.

Bring our troops home!

If we leave any personnel there, their stay should be payed for by Afghanistan. Why should the American taxpayer support people who do not like us.

A little research into Hagel's military records, resulted in the truth about his 2 Purple Hearts. He and his brother were at the perimeter of their base camp in a conversation, when one of their own troops, "Accidentally" set off a Claymore Mine that was off to their left side. None of the pellets hit ether of them but shrapnel from the casing hit both, along with flash from the blast. Hagel was awarded 2 Purple Hearts, 1 for the shrapnel, 1 for flash burns to the face. All this from a "Failed Deliberate Fragging"MACV Adviser68-70

WHY KEEP ANY TROOPS THERE ??   IT's FUBAR.  If I had a son stationed in Afghanistan, I'd tell him to desert.  These soldiers are losing their lives, FOR LESS THAN NOTHING.   (God, Hagel looks and talks like Alfred E Newman, and he's got the elephant ears like Obama. Hagel's an idiot and he says really stupid things.)

President Hamid Karzai's decision to expel special forces from Wardak province has angered U.S. defense officials who worry their exit could allow insurgents to strengthen their presence the area and use it as a base to attack Kabul, only 25 km (15 miles) away.    /////// OK, so after 12 years we still dont really control an area 15 miles from Kabul??????  I think that just about saids it all regarding our $1-2T investment the last 12 years.

Allow anyone to liquidate Karzai, please. Then look the other way.

The US won't be leaving Afghanistan anytime soon.  Do you know how much the CIA makes of the laundered money from those poppy fields?Get out of Afghanistan already. All that's being accomplished over there is waste. Wasted American lives and wasted tax payer dollars that could be put to much better use back home. Those savages will revert to their old ways once america(the world police) is out of the picture putting all the time and money to waste. So it's time to cut our losses and let them live how they want to live.

Another promise broken!!!!!  No big surprise from the muslim!!!!

Securing that privately owned, yet to be built, TAPI gas pipeline is proving to be more difficult that Congress thought.

I would not bow down to the USA military which will lead to future abuses. President Karazi is missing an opportunity to take control of his country and do  the right thing for citizens

Karzai is playing the US.  The minute we complete the drawdown watch what this fool will do.  Don't worry the rest of the troops will be coming home before Obama leaves office.  This is a mission Obama does not approve of but is one of the warts from the Bush adminstration.

Should put a new regulation for any prsner who want to free. Just try hangin with rope on his neck for 15 minutes. Stll alive and they free t go

Oh, that's how they're going to get around the 'Afghan Withdrawal' promise, just key provinces occupied by elite forces; sounds as lame as the Iraq withdrawal, still 10,000 troops and even more private soldiers fighting to this day, what a bunch of propaganda, and the people will fall for it also.

The U.S. got bin laden? Come back home and defend your own shores. Lord knows the day is coming soon when it will be imperative.

so what if they get released!....obamy has released thousands of illegals onto our streets...what does he care?This whole presidency is full of sleaze and back alley deals.We want somthing else..its got to be a cover for it...why would we beg to stay?!He orderd us out! Yea,there is a stench coming from Washington....again

Stop wasting our soldiers! I've lost enough family in that S*&amp;^hole of a country! To Hell with Afghanistan!Before being taken off the Gold standard by Nixon in 1972 America's currency was her own backed by Gold.  After 1972 it is Fiat currency with nothing backing it up.  Most fiat currencies throughout history only have a 27 yr life cycle before collapseing.  They are pounding away at the dollar and printing it like there is no tomorrow to ensure its death.

Johnny's not coming marching home any time soon if the military industry complex has their way with it.  The demonization of Iran is in full gear at the behest of Isreal and other 'resource interested' globalists, central banks, IMF and the Bank of International Setllements in Switzerland the head of them all.  Iran produces their own currency so they label them a 'rougue state.'  Any country which does so and is not indebted to the IMF and world bank ( one and the same) forces of destablization are set upon said Nation in the form of 1. Soft power; Revolutions, political upheavel, sanctions or 2. Hard power; Insurgency, neighboring nations orchestrated to conduct war with said nation or out right military intervention.  Hard power was used in Libya.....and Syria is a combination of both 1 &amp;2 using proxy mercenary al quieda fighters and saudi fighters brought in and funded and armed .

send all the kids of congressmen over there,see how fast it will end.give me one good reason for us to stay..........

Lots of backroom dealing going on and we don't have a clue

This is not what the American people want but our greedy political machine does. This region only proves it's hate to Americans. Let them drown in their own blood. These fools only know war, murder and breed hate. Leave them to their own demise. Get our people out of that snake pit of death, these people are not worth 1 American Soldiers life. We're fighting a war with both hands tied behind our backs here, screw that pull out now and cut off the corporate cash to our liar thieving politicians.

Liberate Iraq..........really?  What did we get?  Nothing. Not one drop of oil.  For the tens of billions of dollars probably over a trillion and tens of thousands of maimed barbequed or wounded soldiers and thousands killed it would have been nice to take 2% of the oil revenue generated from Iraq's oil sales annually to refill the US coffers ( Treasury Dept directly) until we recooped what was spent were it not for the fact that this action would run contrary to the larger Global agenda of Bankrupting America, exhausting her military in the never ending cycles of Orwellian never ending wars.

all troops need to be home, now, more than ever. mostly, special forces!!! the communist/muslim cabal, that represents everything america does not, resides here, not there.

OUT NOW!

@JamesinOkla: You stated, "If he is a monkey that makes Bush and Chaney are Jack #$%$ and fast and furious started under Bush."Not so. Obama deceitfully reported that F &amp; F began "under the previous administration," when in fact, F &amp; F was initiated and operational ONLY during the Obama administration. Another similar program, called Operation Wide Receiver, was attempted during the Bush administration, but discontinued as it proved ineffective.O W R is most certainly not the same thing as the F &amp; F program. Obama’s statement clearly was a self-serving lie. Realizing that Obama will say anything to deflect responsibility away from himself and onto another, pro-active citizens research his "promises" and proclamations in search of the truth. O's character disorder manifests in strident belief of his own lies and the arrogant delusion that 'we the people' are too thick to know the existing truth or too lazy to initiate proper research and uncover the reality.

No No No, bring all the troops home Karzi is a #$%$ and he can't be trusted, mr 2 face!!!!! SnakeI don't understand the "Negotiation". If they ask us to leave we leave. If they ask us to do something we don't like, we leave, Bottom line, we leave.

Need someone to controll the opiate for all the druggies in the usa.

We have no bussiness there any more bring our men and women home now. Let them handle things themselves.

What is our purpose now for these 12th century monkeys? We got Osama. The rest of them live in the 12th century. F-em. Come home. All we are doing is providing security for the Chinese to get more precious metals. We get nothing. And Karazhai is as #$%$.

Let Kharzai make a deal with Pakistan. We pay em already. Bring the troops back

Shouldn't these matters be settled by a treaty agreement and the State Dept.  After all we don't need to be there anymore despite what defense contractors may want to hope for in keeping the all mighty dollar flowing into their company.

Does anyone remember Obama said everyone was going to come home .. Another LIE !!!!

Let's make sure we save a room at Gitmo for Karzai. Between Bush and Obama they have engineered the greatest theft of wealth in history. With these pseudo wars under the guise of security that are never ending. Just like the war on drugs they continue to feed the pig until there is no food left.

I say so deal because they have disarmed from automated weaponry like tomihawk missiles and other drones like winged aircraft under control from safe locations.They clearly are looking for maned planes to take hostages from.Leaving anyone behind is unacceptable.Its a trick to keep elite forces hostage

I'm sure there deal involves a couple more billion of tax payers money which this government has no problem handing outOh great, we really scored on this deal.

The long term consequences of the War in Afghanistan is that the Northern Alliance (Sons of the British) have foolishly been brought out in the open to be Killied.  The American Military Policy should not have been "shock and awe" going in but coming out.  History has already given an example with Vlad the Impaler.  This implies that American Generals don't know history and are, therefor, poor examples of Leaders.

Lets just end it. Karzai will be dead five minutes after the last usa soldier leaves that hell hole.

They are begging Afghanistan to stay, what is the catch here?

lord Obama is soo lucky the media luvs him, any other prez would get crucified, but in the usa, it is easy to brainwash the peeps, so this isn't a big deal

9/11 was just an excuse for the real mission in Afghanistan, more military bases with which ti intimidate possible rivals to the neocon's plans for world hegemony.{Search Project for a New American Century, PNAC, their manifesto .  After Al Quida and the Taliban that supported them were quickly routed, a new enemy wad needed so our special forces went to work assassinating Taliban leaders, even moderate ones that would be needed to restore control.  The New World Order,NWO, imperialism, led by the US ands other developed nations as junior partners, to use the clarion call of democracy and free markets to exploit developing countries' resources anbd cheap labor. It's a return to the middle ages and the aristocracy of a landed gentry.  This 21st century model aristocracy are the owners and managers of octupi-like transnational corporations that already have control of western governments.  "1984" has been here a long time and Big Brother News spins its fairy tales as the imperialists spred their cancerof un-bridled capitalism around the world.  That neoliberalism which had kept Latin Americans in poverty for so long has been soundly rejected there as we were too busy securing the middle-east energy breadbasket to thwart their awakening. That's why Chavez was so greatly admired around the Non Aligned Movement of developing countries, while being demonized by the western {NWO} press.

Deal Hell...It's time to get out of Dodge... We have been suckers Once too many times.

"they love us, they love us not, they love us they love us not, they love us they......whats the point?"

Karzai is our puppet without us there he will go in smoke!

Sounds like the folks in Wardak are rallying for the Taliban by playing the Sovereignty Card.  What a waste of resources that our own nation needs.  Pull them the hell out and carpet bomb the whole country once it becomes a danger-about 6 months after we leave.what is so important in that province???? is it something that will make a lot of money for top elites??

USA GO HOME...we do NOT own the world. The USA is sick ,broke and arrogant, just GO HOME and take your heroes with you.

We don't need a deal to allow troops to remain.  Who cares whether the Talibums take over control of the country.  We can kill them easily enough from drones.  Get the troops out now.

He we go again creating the Iron Triangle (of Vietnam) into Afghanstan. It is like taking america's best and putting them in a hole surrounded by the Taliban and let the slaughter begin.I feel setting military camps on high ground first and having air craft on 24 hours alert to bomb the #$%$ out of the Taliban the instant they start moving into the area retaking what we gained control of. Or better yet warn all the two faced Afgan leaders and locals to leave the area and do a precision nuke strike. Bring our finest sons home or blow the _h_t out of the Taliban and Afganistans

let all the taliban just go in there and kill them all. these freacking afghans are stupid and karzai can see how long his #$%$ will be safe when we leave. they all can go to hell. i have a hard time wanting to help a people that don't want to help themselves.

Just goes to show they will be protecting the poppy fields for al kieda like they protect the mine operation that the Chinese are doing there. Really amazing saying they are against drugs what a joke. They want the drugs on the streets of the U.S. and bring them back in body bags like they did Veitnam all Asia knows that. The U.S. put Karzi in there and they control him he does as he is told or he is dead been there and we all knew the scam.

The heroin isnt gonna grow itself hahahahaha u dont even know...

This armpit of the world is going to disintegrate to the #$%$ of the planet when we "pull out" in '14. What a waste. This place is beyond help. And to think the original mission was to kill Bin Ladin, not to "save" the place. A crying shame we can't get ALL the troops and all the worthwhile gear out sooner.

What are these morons thinking when they make decisions? afghanistan is in ruins our troops are being shot by militants posing as good guys. and being put in prison for shooting a few civilans that are probably really not civilans. and we are giving these pis poor countries millions and billions of dollars that i work very hard for and i cant get a tax return? i guess egypt and pakistan and afghanistan and syria are all more important than we hardworking americans. Why ?  i thought the government was supposedly for the people by the people.? not no more!

the question is: what shadow-interest group is behind all of this war-mongering.. it doesnt matter at all if u elect democrats and republicans, the war party is always in powerFind out which TRAITOR politicians are benefiting from this and send them in. Withdraw our men now. Your making the USSR look much smarter than you!

this guy lacks any credibility the minute he opens his mouth.............strikingly similar to the idiot that nominated him.

They want that heroin and lithium bad enough to use , lie to , and sacrifice our own men. DC is bought and paid for and we need a revolt!

Get out now, stop all aid also. Karzai is in the back pocket of the Taliban. Our guys have their hands tied behind their backs. no more waiting out NOW

If they're so "elite" why haven't they already defeated the terrorists?

So much for obama's promise to get our troops out of there. Obama's entire term has been based on broken promises and lies. He needs to be impeached, then deported back to Indonesia !!!

The US military must stay in Afganistan as long as it takes to secure the trillions of dollars worth of rare earth metals our chinese overlords need to fully complete their  plan to dominate the world.  Please support the US military to help them complete their mission in support of the chinese gov.

Justice would be if we nuked the whole country into one sheet of glass and went home. This place wasn't worth the loss of he Soviet Soldiers that died there much less the loss of our's. I say distroy everything we can, especially the infrastructure of the whole darn country. Isolate it and let's come home and cut our losses. Let the ungreatful Karzai fix everything himself!

After all we did for over a decade, is this how karzai and the afghans show their thanks??? Usa should pull out completely both military and humanitarian assistance to afghanistan and see how these ingrates would fend for themselves. We the american people are fed-up with karzai's bellyaching!!!!

Karzai bad mouths the US. he's a thief.   No more money pull out our troops enough.NO DEAL, BRING ALL OUR TROOPS HOME!!!!!

Time to put a bullet in this druggie Karzai. Army Spec Forces made him and now they need to take him out. He was a little known punk until the Battle of Tarin Kowt. 11 man ODA team won huge battle and let him take credit leading to his presidency.

Did anybody expect the closing scenes in Afghanistan to be any better, even after the magnificent became president?

Their President has ordered us out meaning his country can handle their own problem,bring every single one of our troops home so we can secure our own borders.Just more wasted money on people who hate our guts.

Stupid war. Stupid "leaders."

bad idea leaving anyone behind.leave now and bring our financial support end of story.

But Obama said in the first presidential campaign all troops will be out of  Afghanistan as soon as elected..

The consensus seems to be to lat the illigimati stew in their own juices.  Sounds cost-effective and life-sparing to me!

And people wonder why so many republicans opposed Chuck Hagel's nomination.This guy is just as incompetent as obama is.

We need to grow some BALLS.#$%$

Karzai doesn't want the Special Forces there.  I say "OK, we will leave immediately.  Good luck fighting the Taliban by yourselves".

The men in these military units knew what they were signing on for... they must be having an impact... or they wouldn't want them out so badly... I love them... every damn one of them... they love their jobs.

WHY!!   bring our troops home now, not later.   They would like to kill all Americans, Maybe the people in charge don't realize,  our best is dying for nothing, why keep are people there to die  for a worthless piece of trash, maybe someone in authority can explain to America  why we are still in  America longest war.? I don't understand?????????

let them fend for themseles. bring our troops home.

if you make this deal and they stay-- they will get killed.. cant trust them- and they will be hopelessly outnumbered!!

NO!  Bring all US troops home NOW!!! and end all financial and humanitarian aid NOW!

Ungrateful SOBs

Special forces gaurding poppy fields.Shame on us.

Ben Laden is dead. Mission accomplished. Lets leave the whole country and dont forget the military supplies and moneyYou can be sure this will cost the american tax payer money and even american lives.  You cant deal with someone worse than the people we are there supposed to be fighting against.

Obama learned from Clinton experience!You can not question any decisions made by the OWNERS OF THIS COUNTRY!

When THEIR soldiers who we are training to control things start killing OUR guys (US soldiers) almost weekly its time to GTF out of there !

Oh goody, now we can waste more lives and money in that rat hole!

Its something in Afghan that America need to protect what i don't know. But if America is only using elite forces it must be a pathway for coming &amp; going. Very important to Taliban. And the Afghan president isn't that smart because there killing Afghan. Fix it make everybody happy and let the American soldiers leave there land...

This is all so the CIA. And big pharma can keep getting heroin. Our men dead and alive were used and lied to. The ones responsible in DC for continuing this madness are the real terrorists!

Afghanistan, don't give in! The real America will be eternally grateful if you stick to your guns and insist our troops leave.

Why? Let them manage their own dysfunction. Nothing has changed in thousands of years. Not worth one more thought or action or dime and DEFINATELYnot one more drop of blood. Carpet bomb would be nice.

Chuck Hagel is gonna "Haggle" over the body of the U.S.

lets bring are troops and let the goat herder kill them self  them off that all they understand anyway .Then just kill the prisoners. Then get the troops out of there.

Karzai, just wants the millions he get from the USA, tax payer each month. He is the one behind all of the troubles, and booming, just to keep his job.

Lawyers screwed america

If I was Obama I wouldn't walk away from Afghanistan.. I would run.  We need to bunker down and focus on our own country and finalize our position on North Korea and Iran/Israel.

Like the farmers of Rome, we too will one welcome the conquerors of the US, as they will be scene as better alternatives to the current government.  It's almost unthinkable, but we can't fix this broken government.  It, therefore, needs to go.

imagine america make exchange with russiarussia would hand over the jail in america to america authorities if they allowed russia troop operate freely in america land.only america had such kind arrogant attitude.america is blackmailing the afghan legitimate govt- the deal undermine afghan sovereignty

USA is close to bankruptcy and now it is trying to help a terrorist nation.  Please !!!!

It's dumb to be making deals with a government that would #$%$ themselves if we left, beause there is no way they can defend themselves. Karzai would leave with us, and go back into exile. They would collapse themselves by running off before any fight. We can't even train them properly because they turn on the trainers. Oath Keepers dot org

US Forces, NATO, ISAF, War on Terrorism, Axis of Evil, Crusade on Terrorism .... just Mission Impossible 2014.

Evil Forces are worst corrupt. Taliban fighters fought for the freedom of their country and nation and proved to be toughest nation in the world.Looser Karzai is just trying to win the hearts of Afghan people, he sit quite for 12 years and enjoyed the Government under the umbrella of foreign occupied forces in Afghanistan.

quit both wars ..everyone pull out ..that will save alot of money and guess what ..after all the elections you guys havent figured that one out yet

"were torturing and killing civilians, an allegation strongly denied by the Americans"Which doesn't mean that they weren't torturing and murdering! USA always denies any wrongdoing, like the bully in the schoolyard!Sounds like typical USA behavior!Denials have no credibility, except among the 'credulous'!

Where's Teddy  Roosevelt when we need him?

Bring our troops home NOW.  Those terrorists will be fighting each other till the end of time.  Its their way of life.

It looks like chuckie is drinking again

So they can "assist" Sunni Al-CIAda terrorist operations against the Christians in Syria, Lebanon, and the white people of Iran?

What  a waste of America soldiers... bring ém all home and stick 100'sof Predator Drones with Hellfire missiles in the sky...that's the only thingthose Taliban fear...

America just doesn't want to go home. The Gulf of Tonkin incident was a lie, the WMD was a lie, the terrorists.......hm? Come on American citizens, you still believe in your government? Patriot is a good thing, but if somebody lied to you two times in the past, do you still believe in him/her?

We must not withdraw ANY troops without approval from Israel!  Everybody knows this.  God bless!Remove all US personnel (military &amp; civilian) from Afgan &amp; Pakistan-then NUKE 'em, IF  anyone complains, NUKE 'em. It's time to eliminate our sworn enemies and keep our tax dollars at home!!

Honestly, in my opinion, you should always expect to have some operators in a country, even if the bulk of the forces pull out

And the mass murders and baby killings by US soldiers continues.

Why is it that only Karzai is exposing the harassing, annoying, torturing and even murdering of innocent Afghans by U.S. forces in Wardak province? Have the house members, senators, and major media been obamized?

By the way this money is going stright in to his pocket.

in exchange  full Afghan control of a controversial jail?afghan authorities had no control over the jail located in their own nationthey need to make deal with america for that exchange?america still occupying the afghan peopleobama does not keep his promise to let afghan people to rule over their own nation.

blah, blah, blah, blah, guys get killed, blah blah, blah

Any one want to make a small wager on all of the troops being out in 2014?

Why? Just take your people, equipment and go home, let this idiot deal with the Taliban!