You hear about Nigerian kidnappings and Nigerian pirates in the news a lot because there isn't any country doing anything about it. France, the U.S , Russia or some other country needs to go over there and make an example of them so that they will think twice before they kidnap anyone or pirate another ship.

Pinpoint,isolate,and B52,napalm,and Tomahawk  all Islamist extremists.Worldwide.

Yes. France will send weapons and money for Syrian terrorists, these ones will share it with Nigeria terrorists and, in exchange, nigeria terrorists will release the kidnaped people. It is dirty and painfull but, may be, will suceed well. I hope so.

A sniper round is very discrete.

It's important to be "discreet" when negotiating with criminals because your primary objective is the safe return of the hostages;let's hope that these hostages are safely returned!!!  &gt;??&gt;

It is becoming apparent that Nigeria is not able to police these radical Islamic Muslim terrorists within thier own national borders. It may soon be time for an outside invasion to eradicate these terrorists.

These countries are dangerous. Travel at youre own risk

Saudi Arabia is responsible for producing and exporting Islamic Wahabis Shariah law and jihadist terrorists around the world

no balls gets nothing done.

africa will be the new middle east...............nuke em

Ru2 it's not that easy for other countries to intervene in a sovereign nations' internal foibles; there is a thing called international law that just has to be respected. If it wasn't you may have folks up here in the states trying to enforce things like gun control or whatever, Nigeria is a sovereign nation so whatever intervention is required has to be done within legal and diplomatic means. No cowboy diplomacy like George W. Bush practiced sorry that's just how it works......

Larry! People like you were the ones that led the US and Britain to send their troops to Iraq nd Afghanistan.Foriegn invasion will not make Nigeria free of Terrorists it will only draw more into it. Keep quiet if you have nothing positive to contribute.

this is what happen when you have an incompetent as a president, Jonathan is not competent rule the country,no plan no policy no agenda except under him corruption have increased 200%.

Religion of Peace strikes again.

Perhaps he means "discreet".

Looks like the mustard seeds the west planted in Africa are sprouted and producing fruits.Have fun y'all

It is a very well loved  family with 4 boys, mother, father and brother of the father... All ex-pats from Cameroun. My thoughts are with this family so now and then. Hope they will make a save return to Cameroun/ and France. I hope the kidnappers will be mercyfull on them.

iSLUM is at war with Western Civilization and all non-muSLUMs.   Why does France have 5-million muzzzzies in their country......more than when Germany beat and occupied France?

Just because you hear this, Don't think my county (Nigeria) is a bad country! And don't think that it is too dangerous to visit. Lagos/Victoria Island/ and Bar Beach are WONDERFUL places to visit. This is in Abuja. The people out there are, let me say- different then how we live in Lagos. Don't be afraid people!Ceaser Ceaser Ceaser.point.

The french are notorious for secretly paying ransoms,that's why they've become a 'juicy catch' to terrorists! Will not be surprised Laurent Fabius is in Nigeria to hand over the money for their release.

What the hell are the french doing all over Africa? What they do not tell you is that the french are broke as a joke and have been trying hard to steal natural resources. Nigeria has over 175 million black people. If 10% of them stood up against the European invasion and attempts at recolonizatio.n, it would send a message lound and clear to all europeans who keep their nose in African business

France is real rubbish. Its honkeys and Negr0es are real rubbish. Its companies and products are real rubbish. Its law is a set of thief rules. French cars have never been cars. They all have been poor tins.All Negr0es and honkeys of all other countries are the same.