This is OUR gvmt betraying us. They want to start a registry of gun owners. Soon, any gun you own will have to be registered, or it will be illegal. This will apply to all guns, even if you have owned them for decades. Shotguns, rifles, pistols, it won't matter.

Be wary of the treaty, it is far reaching and sweeping. Not all of the provisions have been made public.

Thank-you NRA---- For sticking up for American citizens rights guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States--- !!!!

Sorry, but UN treaties do not nullify Constitutional Amendment.

Get the US out of the UN and the UN out of the US!

Instead of signing more treaties with the UN, get out of the UN and get the UN out of America !

The Secretary General of the UN recently stated that the greatest obstacle to the goals of the UN was "sovereignty". Nothing this body does is in the best interest of the US.

Obama wants to use this for "gun control" within the USA by private owners, no matter what the Constitution and the Bill of Rights says.

Any politician that signs this and infringes on the bill of rights should be hung for treason

It would be interesting to see the number of countries in the M.E. Jihadist world, in addition to China &amp; the DPRK that would simply not comply with such a treaty....especially in light of world-wide terrorist activity.Any treaty that undermines the Bill of Rights should be rejected.

Kerosene cuts cosmoline.  Better get ready boys, the wolf is at the door and he has friends with him.

John Kerry is going along and helping President Obama groom his flock---- Sickening ---!!!

At least President Bush said---America says no-- on this issue---!!

When only the governments are armed everyone else is their subjects.  I don't own any guns, but if I did, I would only turn them over to the government one bullet per trigger pull at a time. I am a Free Man and will protect myself as I chose.

Like every country on the planet will abide by these rules the U.N. installs----- What a lame-brained society we have become---- Un-believeable---!!!

Might want to save this photo to files.  We don't want to arrest the wrong people when the time comes.

great make it retroactive and go arrest obama and holder for smugling guns to mexican drug cartels lybian teorists woh killed stevans and syrian alqueda

Does everyone know that the use department of homeland security has a ordered a billion rnds of ammo, the kind that is banned under the geniva convention.....so bullets to destructive for use in war, obama and his cronies have no problem using them on American citizens..........and 27 thousand armored personnel carriers...........not to mention all the full auto Ar15's ordered and they labled as personal defense rifles

THE NEW WORLD ORDER IS KNOCKING AT OUR DOOR.Don't just whine about it, contact YOUR senators and representatives and tell them if they turn US sovereignty over to the UN, they'll be looking for a job come next election. Please do it right now before you get busy and forget.

Right now the DHS has recently acquired 1.5 BILLION rounds of ammunition BANNED by the Geneva convention for use in 'international' warfare, 2700 light tanks, 6000 bulletproof Highway booths w/ gates; they have their own 'special' Federal Police under them: Can YOU SEE WHERE WE ARE HEADED? OR ARE YOU TOO BLINDED BY THE TV?

US is the largest arms exporter in the world this would force many companies to close down

"to end unregulated conventional arms sales"....Like banning the buying of a Deer, oop's, SNIPER RIFLE under 'Their Treaty' from your local Hardware Store...

If you want to ban something, lets start with Socialists - the U/N - Mayor Bloomberg(ok thats a double dip) - etc etc.Well you get it --- Right.

What has the UN to do with us? If our constitution was used properly, there would be no need to talk to outsiders about how we should run our country.

Take your arms treaty and stick it straight up your #$#@

Nations gather for final U.N. bullet in the head of U.S. sovereignty?

Does it look like mobama Mchogoff is interested in our Constitution I think not....

The US is headed for another civil war.  Prepare...This is not good news to both sides of the views about firearms. This treaty means no more of the favorite name brands that are imported and ammunition too. Even law enforcement that are anti gun should watch this treaty closely. We will have to rely solely on domestic products,and the demand will sky rocket as well as the pricetag.

And how much money did the Kenyen give his friends in Syria...??????????

insanefknspecies

Sign no treaty that impinges on the Constitution - no U/N in the United States -Beware America as the U/N is the New World Order with another name -Beware of all "talking snakes"!

and this is just the beginning with the result eventually being gun control and UN control of american laws. Maybe not today but certainly in our future. This is their foot in the door.SAY NO TO U.N. ARMS CONTROL, NOW.

If passed--- Iran and several other countries will get rich-- filling all the demands for arms  and ammo across the globe---!!!

If the U.S. signs this un treaty, then it is time that We The People march to Washington and N.Y. and clean house. These people need to stand trial for treason. We pull Obama out of the White House and have a trial, then and there. Remember people, Obama doesn't even have to give us a trial or have charges put against us to put us in prison.

F*** the UN

Those gun McDopes can try all they want they won't find a pistol in my house...but let some creep pull a quick one on me and it is amazing what a shotgun does to the human body...

Screw the UN ...  Fyuck John Kerry ..Agenda 21; take a look at it - gun confiscation is part of it! Our admin is selling us out!

The UN needs to stop being funded by the US and get out of this country.

Yea, right, let's all just sit down and write out a nice, big, long TREATY ! ! !THAT should Fix It ! ! !

John Kerry, the "Great Emasculator". The pusification of America continues at the hands of the sheep!  Molon Labe!

And doesn't kerry look like such a big #$%$.....?????????

Herman Munster is in politics now.......?

We can't trust any of these greedy turds.

Machette ... The most used weapon in the world.

You won't give up your guns voluntarily? We'll get the UN to do it because they don't have to deal with the Constitution.

Be ready to see UN tanks rolling down your neighborhood soon.Every one says sad but true !! Well do something about it dont just sit there and say sad but true any idiot can say that !!

Why does the UN and other countries around the world want to disarm America?  A country disarmed is ripe for invasion and/or takeover, whether externally on internally.  We need to urge our elected representatives to say "NO!" to this Arms Trade Treaty.  Contact them today!

And the illuminati strikes again. John ( never seen a satanist club i didnt like) kerry. Kerry "would you like to buy a few million rounds of ammo"? Ban ki-moon " haa,ha,ha ha,ha ha ha

When kerry pays his $300K state excise tax on his yacht ill listen to what he has to say.

Even Herman Munster showed up.

if this treaty goes thu. UN soldier will be knocking on your door. the countrys in the UN hate us. can you damn people not see what obama and our goverment are doing to us? i do not want to be a 3rd world country.goverment cuts in everything. illegals getting money for collage, national parks shut down. but our damn president is flying to the middle east. WAKE THE HELL UP PEOPLE.

Our "elected representatives" have NO business trying to make such a decision for the people! This is nothing short of treason and that's a fact. And I hate to tell these creeps but just because they sign a piece of paper, the constitution was here first and they can not truly override it making any and all such documents null and void! facebook AmericanGunCulture

Killing a few innocent children so to take Americans right to defend them selves. Democrats fabricated the killings , you can see people practicing their lines for news broadcasting , its all over you tube

Liking a few innocent children so to take Americans right to defend them selves. Sounds like democrats

Thanks liberals for giving my son and grand sons rights way to temporary politicians who children will get to do as they like and all the government peasants better work hard to pay for itScrew our government for selling us out they are fools !! At any moment they are all ready to push the button and at the same time they want a arms treaty !! Only the fools will honor it the crazies will still kill you and thats why our idiot government will not not get my gun !!!

Ammo....what Americans will use to defend our Constitution...from idiots like kerry/kennedy off shoot....

Long live the NRA

And doesn't kerry mclarry look like such a big McDik...Lololololololol

When obama leaves office watch how fast they flip flop on drones Mr Kerry

Im sorry speaking of human rights 15 people a minute die from starvation. Id have to say that is a worse way to go then a gun wound. Why doesn't the UN do something about that? And leave our guns alone!

So will this make our government giving guns to Mexican drug runners and Egypt's citizens illegal?

Y'all had better read Robin Hood again to get an idea of where this is headed. American people are about to be sold as slaves on the imperial free market. Obama is going to let us all get a little taste of the N word.

John Kerry is a traitor! Isn't this getting obvious to you Democrats that your party is bringing full on communism to the once free world? Say goodbye to your privacy and "pursuit of happiness" and say hell to swat teams and government monitoring your every thought, location, history and basically every move you make will have to be approved of.

Impeach the traitor for treason against it's people and constitution!Thats the plot behind the push 4 gun control and sandy hook was a false flag for u to give up your 2nd amendment. Lets see israel unarm its citizens first. It wont happen cuz the arabs would kill them thats why they need military protection.

The shootings going on in America are UN plants

So it was the UN that killed the children at Sandy Hook school , so to pass this international gun control.

Every position of UN government mirrors a communist government, I hate liberals ,  democrat use youth of America like use car sales men selling broken down cars to naive first time buyers .. thats a liberal voter .. a naive first time buyer thing they got a good deal.

Again it will be one more UN failure. It will only allow those who want to come after privately own firearms the ability to do so claiming they are merely enforcing the ratified treaty. Thankfully, I do not believe our Congress is that stupid.

This means if past Obama could not keep on giving arms to his muslim brotherhood. NOT.

If only they could gather to end the petro dollar warfare that the usa abd its alliances are carrying out

now you see why the democrats are all wanting to implement their gun control laws.  they say its to protect the children which none of the laws would.  the un rules would have the united states constitution changed so it could conform to their beliefs not ours.

Cap'n Ketchup does not represent the people of the United States.  He and his ilk can only rule with a loaded gun.

Kind of makes you wonder why America is ramping up for a war in its borders. Drones, 2700 armored vehicles, 2 billion rounds seems DHS is gearing up for a hostile take over. After they confiscate, and kill all that oppose it. We'll all be free or slaves?Together we stand.Divided you fund your own forest fire tornado flood and hurricane disasters.

The senate will never pass this garbage anyway. But a treaty can not circumvent the constitution. Hate to break it to you obozo and kerry.

How many people here complaining that the U.N. is trying to disarm American citizens have actually read the treaty drafts and working papers?I was shocked when I first heard about this treaty - so I went to read the actual drafts to see if the things people were saying about it were true.  At the time it turned out there wasn't even a draft as such, and all those claims had been made up out of thin air.  Now we do have draft versions of the treaty, and there's still no trace of any plans to disarm the public.  Still, the paranoid claims persist, because they were never based on any treaty text in the first place.

We lead the world, why do we need to join subordinates countries on this pact?

We only have ourselves to blame if this passes. Our total failure to organize and take the appropriate action is what has led us to this. We all ought to be ashamed for our oblivious laziness which eventually will manifest itself in cowardice. You can deny it all you like, but in the end most of you will hand over your rifle rather than fight. Perhaps we deserve it: freedom isn't free.

And the 5 UN Security Council permanent members are generally the largest arms dealers. Anyone see a conflict of interest here? Trusting those in competition with one another in a business venture to regulate themselves is like trusting a pack of wolves with a herd of sheep.

So America is going to allow itself to be dictated to be the rest of the world?  People better wake up and get the UN out of our country and get the US to stop being a member of this world wide socialist organization before we bury ourselves to make the rest of the world a better place.  We need to take care of the US, not the rest of the world.

The overwhelming factor in human rights abuses has been Governments killing, or sending to gulags, their unarmed citizens.  The purpose of this treaty is hidden, as usual---it is to do an end-run around the 2nd amendment.

A big FU to the UN.Get rid of it atleast in MY country.

Every expert group that has spoken up has said that the international treaty on border control over weapons will have no effect within the United States. Now even the American Bar Association has spoken up and said that the treaty would have no effect on the 2nd Amendment to the Constitution.So what is going on here anyway? Well the NRA is sponsored by some major gun manufacturers and the general membership has little or no say in the policies of the NRA. We don't know for sure who these sponsors are, but they have reasons for trying to use the NRA to block this international treaty. This makes one wonder if these very few sponsors are engaging in the manufacture or distribution of weapons to groups that no reasonable person would want to be armed. These weapons could well be manufactured overseas and distributed over seas as well, so any treaty might interfere with a few American weapons manufacturers profit margins.Follow the money trail; oops we can't do that anymore because that would interfere with the Supreme Court's decision that money is free speech and identical to free speech. Mmm; gotta wonder how that decision came about. This isn't a conspiracy of some kind, it's just loosely linked up groups doing what is in each of their own financial best interest.Money isn't free speech, it is exactly the opposite of free speech, and absolutely destroys any semblance of one man one vote. Want to have a conversation about gun control and the 2nd amendment, good, but then first let's all put our cards on the table face up. There isn't a single human right that is absolute. Every single human right has some reasonable limits for the protection of society, But that's not what the NRA would have us believe, and only in the case of the 2nd Amendment. Really gotta wonder why that is.read it please the draft is available in it it states single shot bolt action rifles are the only weapons allowed all other weapons confiscated by force if need be/ troops of all nations allowed required to assist in implementation if requested even a instruction manual for destruction methods procedures and funding

Guns generate a magnetic pulse when material passes through the steel barrel at high speed.Guns are then tractable by the gunman body heat.

Since when did Yahoo! Become the political ground for you guys to incite revolution. You'd be far better served bettering yourself and helping the world with your talents rather than quarrel over a news article. How long has America sat on websites here, fighting amongst ourselves, as our foe grows silently stronger. Instead of bashing our politicians unite together as one.

Kerry looks so goofy omg! A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government.” — George Washington.....WE the people dont care what any U.N. idiots do, come get our guns ,see how hard it would be....

DHS bought 2 billion rounds of ammo and 2700 armored vehicles. After they put the treaty in play. They an confiscate guns, and ammo for the sake of humanity. They could roll up to your home in the name of UN treaties. That's why they need ammo for a 20 year war against its citizens. You won't have any rights, when its all said and done.

Psalm 2:1 and the rest of it.  God rules!!

Kerry looks like a clone of Jay Leno (or the other way around)

"Arms control campaigners and human rights advocates say one person every minute dies worldwide as a result of armed violence..." The question which comes to my mind is this: how many of those people dying are government oppressors dying at the hands of "insurgents" defending their basic human rights, who would be the ones dying at the hands of their oppressors if they did not have these arms? Governments can always find a way to get the weapons they need to control their populations...it's the populations which need access to arms to defend themselves against their governments...

ARMING SYRIAN REBELS WILL NOT SAVE LIFES!

How UN-American this all sounds..In picture caption: "John Kerry (R)"Since when is kerry a republican?andThey always talk about "closing loopholes" as if in some LSD induced utopia they live in the criminals elements cared about the laws, let alone the loopholes.So, do you get the lobotomy before or after you join the democratic party?

the treaty fail because the usa and  its military vested interest politician cannot come out with a consensus.

god and guns made this great nation . little by little people are trying to getrid of both but in the end its god and guns thats gonna save this great nation.

Have you gunmen been "washed in blood"?

Guns generate a magnetic pulse when material passes through the steel barrel at high speed.Guns are then tractable by the gunman body heat.

It is about time that a treaty is adopted over gun and weapon sales,promote peace and change the sword into the plougshare. before it is too late.

Kerry is one ugly SOB.

Why would this treaty affect the American's right to bear arms?

Your gun packing human rights are for YOUR LAND.Not Mexico.Your gun permit is limited to your Rebel States.

It's important that we retain our position as the #1 exporter of instruments of inflicting death on human beings.  God bless!cnn-recap of iraq after 10 years.the word of invasion is missingthe invited guest does not mention the word"invasion"usa led operation into iraq-common word used by cnnwhile other major media- usa invasion of iraqfreedom of media in usa? my asx

Guns are made primarily to kill.  Is this the kind of world the NRA wants - wherein everyone on earth, including young children, has a deadly weapon, and the killing continues indiscriminately?  I thought this country espoused Christianity?  Maybe I was mistaken when I read that the "Prince of Peace" said 'he that lives by the sword will die by the sword'.  Right now every single nation on this earth is living by the sword, and the prospects for dying by the sword increase with every weapon distributed.  What a great philosophy...

Hitman, it won't. But you will still see hysterical comments. There are too many people with unaddressed mental health issues.