Friggen thieving politicians

This is something the people at Yahoo shouldn't tell the teaming masses. We can't let it be known that certain taxes levied on businesses are fairly insane. We're all supposed to think business is evil, remember?

Business property tax is my most hated tax. First I paid taxes when I bought my equipment. Then I have to pay tax every year on the same equipment. And the taz goes up every year, despite depreciation. Government is evil.

Obama, you reading this?

this government will not be happy till they take even the pot you #$%$ in.

How does it make sense to tax property that is owned by someone ??

I bet a Democrat would say, well YOU didn't build that!!! hahahaaYou don't OWN that WE do!

The need a potato tax.

More California companies will now be moving to Idaho. The jobs and payroll they bring will more than make up the tax on office furniture and equipment.

what is the difference between the democrats and republican and the Communist parties?Any time taxes on citizens are lowered it is usually a good thing.  Should be interesting to see the results over the next couple years.

And another parasitic red state (check out how much more Idaho gets in federal tax dollars than it contributes) cuts taxes for businesses and uses regressive sales taxes to make up the shortfall.

All these Republican governors giving the wealthy tax breaks and sticking it to the middle class with higher sales taxes.  I guess Romney did not make it to the White House to give the wealthy a tax break so the Gov. are going it alone.  Either way the wealthy will continue to get their break.

Income and property tax replaced by sales tax means shifting more of the tx from the affluent to the poor.

Another tax break for large corporations.

Idaho is doing exactly the opposite of what we see happening in the Federal Government.They are returning tax dollars to the citizen.Governor Otter's proposed budget also DOES NOT include  an expansion of Medicaid eligibility.This should be interesting to watch as Idaho is $11,953,729,000 in debt as of 2012.Does returning the dollar to its source stimulate the economy?Looks like Idaho is going to find out.

here in hawaii there is no such thing in the hawaiian language as TAX CUT.

This could get very interesting to watch.  The baggers are going to put inplace at a state level what they want at the national level.  Unfairly reward business and pass that burden off to it citizens.Question for you folks.  Now that Idaho business is going to have a much higher cash flow from not having any property taxes.  Will they share any of that savings with their employees.  I am betting not.