I had the honor or being in Dublin some years ago and  early in the morning  I  walked down to THE river...it was a bit misty spring morning and just as I was about to see the river I heard the Bag Pipe "band" practicing ....tears flowed..it was beautiful and so were the people of Ireland... another of my best memories in Dublin(beautiful)was one day a tourist ask me where something was and I said I was just a tourist from Oklahoma and she said she truly thought I was a native...if you ever can go , go......Happy St Patricks Day and Peace be with you !!!

If you see 4 Irishmen in a group, keep watching. There will always be a fifth...

Chilly St. Patrick's Day. Well now, leprechauns, could that be because Ireland is locatedin the Northern Hemisphere and the holiday falls in winter ?

Do Northern Irish celebrate St. Patrick's Day?

May the roads rise up to meet you,May the wind be always at your back,May the sunshine warm upon your face,May the rains fall soft upon your fields and,until we meet again,May God hold you in the palm of his hand!

It´s well I do remember that bleak December day,The landlord and the sheriff came to drive us all away;They set the roof on fire with their demon yellow spleen,And that´s another reason why I left old Skibbereen.

My favorite St. Paddy's Day was the family trip to Dublin for the holiday.

Go mbeire muid beo ar an am seo arís!"May we be alive at this time next year."

Leprechauns are magically delicious!!!...oops! I meant Lucky Charms, lol.

It's fun to be Irish, if only for a day!They look like little green and white clans men.

St Patrick's Day kicks winter in the departing keester, as by the time your hangover mends Tis Spring

Is Ireland ever warm and dry?

Brainwashed Irish people celebrating a man who went to Ireland and, in Jesus' name, wrecked their culture.  Sad.

I heard leprchauns were immune to cold, now there is visible proof.  Actually a very cute group of children

ireland would have been fine with the downturn of the european economy if they hadn't squandered their government surplus with obama size social program not only for fellow irish citizens but also for citizens of the so call euro zone.polish citizens collecting irish welfare used to fly into ireland once a month on ryan air for the express purpose of collecting a welfare check.the moral of this story is that there is no such thing as a "free pot of gold".

Why are they wearing KKK outfits?

I never quite understood what St.Patricks day was all about,except an excuse to get drunk.As it is St.Patrick was not even Irish, he was English.My wife asked me what I was doing for St.Patricks day,I said I'm not leaving the house.

My favorite thing to do in St. Patricks day is to cast out snakes, you know who you are!

Lot's of stupid people posting on this article.Looks like a childrens Klan themed birthday party.

i thought those liberal eurotrashTurds told us global warming had stopped all the cold ??

Its a parade for the LCK....the Lucky Charms Klan

yes and be weary of the accumulation of ice on pub floors, ice is known to accumulate over time which might be cause of some nasty spills and strange sporadic dance moves that may be questionably offensive as some might grab on to anothers clothing without warning.

Education that we know today, was the result of the efforts done by midevil monks and priest like St. Patrick; that educated the Western world out of the Dark ages. You can thank St. Patrick for your College Diplomas. The whole concept of educating the masses was his and King Charlimain's. Who was the first European Monarch to learn to read, from monks and priests like St. Patrick.

hmmm

Watch out, kids, kindly old Father Gaygan is waiting for you in the - ah - rectory with his shillelagh out! Run, kids!!!

Those kids look more like the #$%$ klan.

May the roads rise up to meet you, may the priest be always on your back; may the sunshine warm upon your face; may the rains fall soft upon your fields and,until we meet again, may Father Gaygan hold you in the palm of his hand!

Look! its the Leprechaun KKK parade!I thought it was KKK marching down the street.

Oh, they're so cute before they all become drunks.

How many muslims &amp; third world invaders are in Ireland now? brought by the liberal Irish hating cultural marxists?

looks like a colorful KKK group. just saying.

ST.PAT IS A #$%$