Sadly, an aging grandparent should not have to raise a teenager.

The "legal system" went after her much harder than they do the daily street shootersin Detroit.  What are they  thinking?

FREE GRANDMA !

I guess this guy on drugs was a saint, c'mon who's to say he was't about to kill her.

FREE GRANDMA !

FREE GRANDMA !

That grandson should have been shown" how the cow eats the cabbage" years ago....a big problem with that generation!.......Let her go!

Like Detroit living isn't punishment enough.......FREE GRANDMA !Does she have a criminal record  at 75 ? NO ? FREE GRANDMA !

FREE GRANNY...

Think how differently this would be viewed if, under the same circumstances, she had killed him with the first shot.If I shot everyone I was afraid of ....

FREE GRANDMA !

He could  have killed a 75 yr. old lady, punching her. If he doesn't know better not to do that in the first place, I wouldn't have given the punk a second chance. He could have been going for a weapon somewhere in the house. Not again BOY.

If this jury convicts this grandma may they all rot in H - - .  Where are the parents. That is who is responsible. Go after the real crooks and murders. Of course there is no 15 minutes of fame in that.

Really ?!? 18 yr old kid vs. 75 yr old gramma ? Unfortunatley, grand parents raising their kid's kids is a more and more common thing ... she is supposed to be enjoying her senior years ... not raising the brats the parents can't handle

Elder, child and animal abuse are the most common crimes. Preying on the weak and helpless should not be tolerated at all.

Good for her- Let her go home to remind other thugs of what will happen.

If she goes to prison she will be treated better than the care she would get in an old folks home.

This woman, in spite of her age and matronly persona, fired 10 rounds into her grandson over a period of at least a few minutes! That's not fear; that's anger and retribution! She sould have gotten out of the situation and called police. If she had only shot him once or twice in a few seconds time, I might be more likely to believe her defense story, but she murdered this kid, whether he had it coming or not!

She unloaded the gun...where is the "self defense" in that. I could have believed a couple maybe even three shots in fear but 10. That speaks to more anger than fear. JMOShe should at least get a manslaughter charge. She could have hid in the basement and called the police. The police said there were no marks on her face to substanciate  the final outcome. And 10 times granny? Really. Sounds like you snapped and killed this kid. Why did'nt you kick him out of the house if he was such an #$%$, or you feared for your life? Picture looks like crocidile tears to me.

Where are the worthless parents?  Living it up in sunny Arizona while the 70 something grandmother deals with their POS kid?  Free Grandma and send the parents to jail.

FREE GRAND MA !!!

I cannot imagine killing anyone, but my grandson?  I cannot fathom her shooting him 10 times in 6 minutes. It seems like if it were self-defense she would not have taken that long to murder him. It almost seems like she was intentionally torturing him, because he had time to call 911 and even then she was still shooting him. Just awful!!!

She had the opportunity to get the heck out of there after she shot him the first time but decided to come back to finish him off. If she goes to prison I won't feel sorry for her

Where the hell were the parents? Why didn't they take responsibility for their troubled teenager?? I can see how he went pyscho, those synthetic drugs should be banned!! But the grandma should have have asked for help before it got  to the point of her shooting her own grandson. Terrible tradgedy!!!

Folks.   She never brought up the story of him attacking her until recently.   Although she admitted to killing (murdering was what she called it) moments after the incident.  Give me 3 months in prison and you'll be shocked what story I can come up with.

Should read, "Thief get's shot &amp; killed durring robery ATTACK."

She even shot him when he was on phone with police she deserves some punishment

Old lady needs to be locked up, You dont shoot someone 6 time, firing 10 shots claiming self defence. And who was the one, calling for help? The victim... I see 1st degree murder....She can move in with me....I like a person that will protect them self whether it is family or or not... I think she done what she needed to do. She should be let free!!!!!!!!

The article said he had used something like bath salts (a marijuana substitute) and was quite likely disruptive, and possibly violent. Even if he hadn't touched her the mere threat of bodilyharm gave her the right to defend herself. If she was really in fear of serious injury or death she had the right to defend herself. In a situation like that I don't think she could be blamed nor prosecuted. Sounds like this DA is grandstanding. Is he up for election? POS parents saddled her with this loser and should be prosecuted for abandonment!

The kids of today are always looking for the next 'high' he found it &amp; was out of control. No surprise. Grandmother is NOT GUILTY! Tparent going thru a divorce &amp; she has this 17 yrs. old to control, Oh please! NOT GULITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Notice, the JEWISH fe=MALE judge, Morris, said, self defense is appropriate, even if she shot him, 10 times, over the course of  6  minutes? The fe=MALE jewish judge, should be sent to the OVENS!