Thank you for taking your own life first.  But to others out there considering this, please seek help.

Absolutely. This guy looks like he had planned for another college massacre, Virginia Tech style. Glad he took the least bad option at least, but it's unfortunate he couldn't be helped.

Isn't it odd that a 30 year old would be living in a college dorm?

He bought the guns at a local dealer, So, He went through the background check and still got weapons. Even if he didn't have guns, He still had the explosives. This is a people problem.

So let's go over all the laws he BROKE:- schools are gun free zones (federal law)...broken twice- illegal to build a bomb (federal law)...broken multiple times- illegal to kill yourself (federal law)- illegal to have explosives on campus (state law)We really need to look at the mental health issue in this country...

but....but...but...shouldn't the "no guns allowed" sign have kept him from doing this??oh, and we need a "no BOMBS allowed" sign too....wonder what meds he was on?? bet THAT little bit of info will be hidden....search "school shooters on drugs"then go to the site for Citizens Commission on Human Rights International

where is the picture of him when he was 12

At least this kid made the right choice before he made the wrong choice that would have been devastating to so many innocent people.  What he did was far better than what he could have done.

but still nothing from yahpoo about the Hammond Oregon homeowner who held an intruder at gunpoint until the police arrived....

Good thing they have laws that say people can't make or possess improvised explosive devices so this can't possibly happen.

no way, this guy was bold enough to take guns into a gun free zone?Did you read people: BOMB's not GUNS!!!!. If somebody wants to do a mass murder they don't just need guns!

glad he offed him self before offing others..

QUICK! Lets pass some anti gun laws to keep this guy from bringing guns on campus.. oh wait.. we already did.. you can not write laws to keep this stuff from happening..

yeah...gun free zone....

He killed himself and that is tragic.   Thankfully he didn't take anyone with him.

Take notes future terrorists!...This is how you're supposed to check you equipment before you strike...You have to be certain it works the first time!

"A police officer, with what Wood described as the biggest gun she had ever seen, dashed in...", when the description has no real relevance and sounds more like the opening motivator in a porn scene, maybe it shouldn't be in the article. Glad no one was hurt, though.

Not a Student yet still living on Campus..

At least suicide was committed before spraying innocents with bullets. I hope the incendaries are found and defused without hurting anyone. We need to look beyond gun control to find out why people are going off the deep end. With the massive cuts looming because of sequestration hitting all different people, we need to all keep our eyes open for more lunacy.

Reuters can be counted on to use the "assault weapon" misnomer instead of accurately identifying any rifle as a bolt-action or semi-automatic rifle. Intentionally misusing terminology to fear-monger, sensationalize, and push the "gun control" agenda is the M.O. for Reuters.  Reuters = Assault 'Journalism'."The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the [public] is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country."  Edward BernaysPublic school is a horrible place to be educated.

glad he decided to do a trial run on himself 1st - gotta make sure everything is working right 1st

What was a FORMER student doing living in a campus dorm? 30 year old business major? He had no business there, as everyone can now see.

Gotta love Yahoo for listing this story under the "health" tab.

Glad he committed suicide; I heartily recommend that anyone bent on harming others do the same.

While all of the trappings may have been place, how do they know what the guy "intended" to do? Many of these shooters know they are going to end up dead, but if their intent is to take as many people out before they die, then why did this one commit suicide first? If he did not plan on dying, then why commit suicide before carrying out his "plans" ? The trappings found could be simply to satisfy a mentally disturbed person that he was going to make the national news, when if he had simply committed suicide, few would ever hear about - or care if they did. This storyline certainly does not match any of the recent "mass shootings" now, does it? How many of the others have left timelines, or even suicide notes? None that I am aware of. And he didn't shoot the roommate who was right there in the room with him? To me this is a simple suicide, nothing more. AND, the weapons as described so far are not even close to being "assault" weapons.

roflmao, the news media are idiots.  The rifle was a 22 and they call it a semi-automatic tactical rifle.  Unbelievable what the f'in libs do to make a story.

So..who do you think this Muslim voted for and what political party he belongs to? I thought so. LIBERAL Democrats are the only terrorists killing people in this country who weapons should be taken from immediately IMO.

Remember when all the #$%$ news came from Texass? Now it's Floriduh.

A little over an half hour between the first police text and the all clear. If there was a bag with a deadly explosive device. It would have taken them hours to remove the device and take it to a safe area for detonation. Sounds to me that some drama, speculation and rumors got out of hand. I cant wait to hear the verdict on this one.This student did the right thing in this case. Rather than use the gun to kill others, using it on himself was the best option. I can respect his decision, although it is clearly sad.  Mental illness sucks, and isn't always in a person's own control. At least he had control enough not to hurt others.

He's a sleeper? He IS asleep now.

this guy would not have been stopped by the gun laws enacted by Obama's executive orders, or banning assault rifles

It looks like he was out of money, and soon going to have no place to call home.  Destitute and penniless maybe, but at the last moment became slightly rational enough to not inflict his woes upon innocent others.  Another almost "copycatter."  We can be thankful to him that he did not follow through on his plans.  So how many others will have no money or a place to call home before Obama gets done destroying our nation?  Probably millions more than there are right now.  Fellow students, BE AWARE of your classmates who are loners and anti-social, because they may be like this one and out of money and have no other place to go, so they feel inclined to take out their frustrations on others before checking themselves out permanently.  We don't need any more Columbines or VA Tech's.

This p.o.s. was a "sleeper"  (wake up America).  These people don't belong in our country.

30 years old and living in a dorm?

One guess as to his "religious" affiliation. Muslims muslims everywhere....

Muslim pigs. About as worthless as all the illegals and black thugs roaming around creating havoc and breeding nothing but criminal activity and misery for all.

How was this guy allowed to live free in the college housing? These universities are a joke when it comes to policing their own because the administrators don't want any negative publicity about the school.

Finally, a moron that just took his own life instead of others...PEOPLE, if you want to commit suicide, then that's your business, but you don't need to kill others though.He got the sequence of events all out of kilter. He must be related to Biden. Hint....you shoot yourself last.

And a background check would have stopped this ?.........Not

Time to "ban" all explosives, they are dangerous, they kill people.

Finally, one takes his own life before killing innocent people.

well, it's a good thing he killed himself first... (something smells like a set-up.)

Finally, a nut job who got it right.

Ban people!!

I wish we could capture some of these guys before they commit suicide.  I believe they commit suicide because their handlers program them with a suicide response which is activated when they are about to be captured.  This prevents interrogation which might reveal who hypno-programmed them.

He failed the test and will not get the 27 virgins. Instead he will get one blow up doll and copies of Obama's books.

I applaud the Writer of this article for not engaging in irresponsible and deceptive journalism in regards to the description of the firearms.Florida needs to get smart and ban explosive devices.  Then this would not have happened.

it doesn't added up.someone must kill him

When all this "ban guns instead of dealing with the problem" started, I wrote here in a comment, explosives, gases and bigger calibers will get popular with the nut jobs. Now it started and suddenly everybody acts surprised. And here I sit and am not sure, shall I laugh or cry?

This is an outrage!  We need laws banning or severely regulating access to explosives!  Our schoolchildren shouldn't have to worry about-(oh, wait, there are already laws in place... um, my bad)

No guns were allowed on the campus, how did he sneak one in?

dead from a self-inflicted gunshot to the head"--GREAT HE won't be a repeat offender or cost taxpayers for a trial!!

A "sleeper" to be sure.

No name yet?

how about a little accuracy?"a bag containing improvised explosive devices,"like what - firecrackers or nukes?  having been downrange - i sure would like to see a little more detail in reporting!journalists - would you let you kid marry one?

were these undocumented guns and bombs?Thanks for only offing yourself, you coward.

Hmm!  An apparent suicide.  Weapons and bombs found.No mention of the room mate(s) connection.  Residence halls always have two to four students to a room.Finding a body with a gun in it's hand only implys suicide, and were the bombs and weapons his, or his room mate(s).If the guns and bombs were his, did the room mate(s) know about them?I hope the police do a better investigation than the reporter for Reuters.

Another mass shooting is coming to a Gun Free Zone near you.  Thank God this idiot wasn't able to carry his plan out this go around but it won't be long until another one happens.   This UCF guy broke many, many laws that were there "to protect students".  Why not add a few more so the next psychopath/criminal can break them too.

What's up with people nowadays? Crazy world.

This young lady Laura seams to have a very good idea i hope that everyone in schools all over the country follow her advice.Happy though it didn't turn out as it very well could have .That would have been a real tragedy.

Wow! UCF has LD courses? Because this guy looks like a window licking tard.

So he has a fully automatic weapon.

He probably knew he wouldn't get far attempting to shoot people here, we are armed in FL.  Massively.

muslims  are such a peace loving people, the only thing they want to kill all americans. they are animals

They are just trying to see how hard it will be to blow up a school since our president chooses to ban guns and gaurds in schools.Except the one his kids go two.At least it had a happy ending.

How is it possible that the roomate did not know anything about the guns and bombs?

Maybe if they had a better football team to route for the student may have not killed themselves. They take these things to the extreme in florida

At least he did the right thing:  Kill only himself.

A 30-year old living in the dorms?  Am I the only one that finds that odd and kind of creepy?  Obviously the school administration thought nothing of it - which may speak volumes about the schoold administration.

Between Florida, Texas and Ohio we are never at a loss for news.  Come on guys, chirp in with a topper.

So happy he chose to kill himself...all we needed was another assault rifle massacre to read about.

30 year old professional student.

He was exercising his secound amendment rights.

This article didn't even tell us how many people were shot in recent school shootings.If only we banned assault bombs before this happened...

REALLY? AN ASSAULT RIFLE?? The "semi-automatic assault rifle" was a .22 American Tactical

Another mental crazy type.  But hey, let's not put out law forcing mandatory placenment in mental-concentration facilities.  No sir, let's blame the gun......except this guy had already graduated from guns to high-explosives.

He's dead already from a self inflicted gunshot wound? Good. Otherwise it would have been quite a mess. There are more of them out there.

Was he kin to the 911 pilots?

Well, I guess it's time to ban bombs.

Cop had the biggest gun she ever saw...brilliant

oh good, what can the government outlaws now

Obama zombie

I don't think this guys plan was well thought out.effin poser....its been done....

For those who think these mass killings could not possibly be acts of terrorism, consider his name: Seevakumaran.  This name is apparently a Hindu name associated with the Tamils.  I believe they come from southern India and Sri Lanka.  For decades there has been a civil war in Sri Lanka (and may still be going on) between the Tamils and the Buddhists.  I believe someone has used a Tamil asset for this terrorist attack within the US (which thankfully was averted).

According to ABC News -- he had a .22 caliber assault rifle --This report says he had a "semi-automatic tactical rifle" --Are they sure he didn't have a .22 caliber semi-automatic tactical assault howitzer ??

arab? muslim? we need to know.

He's got that crazed Zimmerman Florida look.

A Real bad tactic by police. Leave student in smaller groups and have an officer stay to protect them.

I am waiting to hear what prescribed meds he was on.

Way to go out with a bang.

my Dad's BodyGuard .380 is more dangerous that this schmuck's peashooter....

Another "gun free zone" protects exactly nobody.Obama please ban suicide!

Another potential shooting that 000000 current gun law proposals would have stopped...Probably will not get too much press though, they need high body counts to plant the seed in some more of these nut jobs how easy defenseless unarmed people are to kill.

Did he kill himself when her realized he was going to try a mass killing with a .22??????

Guns don't kill people!

Here's the plan... Shoot myself first, then blow up school.  That way cops can't get me.  OK, let's go.

it wasn't his fault, he was just anti-social and being kicked out of his dorm room. it's all the gun's fault!!!  ban all guns!!!!  what the article doesn't say is that  the "tactical rifle" was a .22, and handgun was a cheap hi-point.  the ammo he had been "ammassing" was a brick of .22 ammo, it fits in your hand and holds 500 rounds. huge stockpile, wow!!!!  the bombs were OK, our students can die from bombs, that's no biggie, but he had GUNS!!!!!!  oh my god!!!! BAN GUNS!!!!!   that's the only "reasonable" solution!!!!!

He killed himself because he was about to face an armed response. His roommate probably saved peoples lives by bolting and calling 911. Another #$%$ clown that wanted to be famous glad he took his own life first.

He probably offed himself after discovering his ethnics studies degree was worthless.

A police officer with the biggest gun she had ever seen dashed into the restaurant and ordered everyone to leave immediately, Wood said. "It scared us all."What is the reasoning behind using the phrase "biggest gun she had ever seen?" I found the phrase hilarious as it seemed to equate a bigger gun to being more deadly. Then I realized that there is a certain percentage of Americans that really do believe this.ALL guns are as deadly as a paper clip until someone with a mental issue gets a hold of one.

He couldn't deal with the fact that Obama was re-elected... again.Police never said what nationality is he. What the notes he had states?

How did they identify him as the shooter if he didn't shoot anyone but himself . Liberal media

What was his name and where was he from? I think we already know....

The fleabagger Governor should be all over this BAN EXPLOSIVES!

good they should all put a round in their heads first!:)

Ok question here? Age 30 with a very long name and few vowels in it. Can you tell us about his origin and his favorite political party? Just curious thou I already know the answers.

IEDs don't kill people. People kill people. We should legalize them.

Narrowly avoided tragedy at UCF. Thank you God.

Did the fat chick then ask for her pizza to go?

Ban all stupid college kids!Another liberal nutbag

We need an armed guard in every dorm room in America to prevent this type of tragedy

I wonder how many drugs he is on. whether it be antidepressant or anti psychotics.

I hear banjo music

If you want to end it then just end it. No need to take others with you.

Another left wing liberal extremist at work.

No pic of this guy? Generally means it is a white guy so they want to delay identifying him until they come up with an excuse for him. Video games? Violent movies? There are tons of silly excuses. Just pick one.

Maybe a background check would have prevented this. Welcome to the New Idiot Liberal Society where stupidity rules.

So, the question I see no one asking is...where is this guy from...maybe the middle east or some other anti US country? His last name is sure not common to the US. Why is a 30 year old, much less a non-citizen, living in a dorm when they are not a registered student?

another day in the hate-filled USA!The great wacko state of Florida provides drama.  Gun freaks - this is not about you.

Yeah!  Why can't everyone that wants to kill others be kind enough to just jump off a high building or something?

Again the freat wacko

obama

Seevakurman? Sounds like he seeksakoran. Good riddance. Was he even here legally?

Crazy place, id move!

If he was going to do a school shooting, he has actually figured out who he should kill first....good for him. Obviously I would have preferred that he as alive and seeking help, but at least no one else was killed or injured.

Bunch of crazy people in Orlando! Most my family lives there. One time at this Publix we would go to this crazy dude shot his pregnant ex girlfriend that worked there and then took his own life. This was at like 5 pm when it was pretty busy.

i bet it's another liberal gone over the edge.

The Feds need to take the guns from the cops and the public. Only members of our Armed Forces should have routine access to firearms.These people need to learn.  In the long run, they'll be a lot happier staying in their own country.

Sounds like a perfect reason CCW's should be allowed on College Campus'

Look out for those .22 semi auto tactical rifles, because tactical means BAD even though it is the same thing as a non tactical .22. Maybee they thought hey, even people with little to 0 gun knowledge will not get excited if we write .22, kinda like paintball gun or air rifle.

Yahoo, you have changed by profile to indicate something sinister because I abbreviated "#$%$istant as #$%$'t" and you converted that word with X?Z#@ to indicate something vulgar or offensive.  YOU are the sinister one.  No more comments from me.........

He did the best thing - shot himself! Sad looser!

As usual no mention of his religion or lack thereof, unless of course its a muslim.  Total hypocrisy

Why are we letting terrorists from India and Pakistan into the country on student Visas without the Appropriate Back Ground checks yet we are willing to dismantle the 2nd amendment and conduct background checks on US Citizens?

Too bad he killed himself, its Florida he probably be found not guilty

At least he did the honorable thing and didnt kill anyone else

He was found clutching a gun in one hand and the Ryan budget plan in the other.indians/pakis both subhuman types!

Guns on campus. What could possibly go wrong?

I see the OWS protesters are getting restless again.

see something--say something better to apologize later for accusing someone of bad deeds than wait to see what they do

First off, the roommate didn't know about the armament? And if he did, he didn't say anything? And then – at least this guy killed himself before he killed anyone else!

Well first of all i wouldnt live in fla for any reason or amount of money,But being that the only news from there is about abduction,killings,drugs,i think id move!Oh i forgot the miscounting of votes, perhaps it was because the numbers were over 22 the normal iq there,Probably just a #$%$ alligator catching swamp thing they have there,

Hey Wayne. Did you know this dude was found with an NRA Gold Lifetime Membership in his wallet? Yeap. Orange County Sheriff just announced it in the news here in Florida. Thanks for your contributions. Good thing a quick thinking liberal gave him up before he could go on a rampage and take out God knows how many inocent people. Im sure if one of your boys had seen him, they would have given him an award.

Am i the only one that has noticed that he was a rag head?

Had a handgun, AND an "assault weapon". Oooooooooh.

This dead kids gun didn't do anything to protect him from a crazy with a gun did it?Suicidal/homicidal nutcase--gets it right-- takes himself out first!

What a failure.  Can't even carry out his plan and do something right for once.

why would someone want to kill his roommate? Being bullied probably.

hey where are you cowboys with right to carry permits? Huh? It was the police who got this one.

MEMO TO ALL PATHETIC MANIACAL PSYCHOPATHS PLANNING MASS KILLINGS: Please follow the lead of this individual and simply kill yourselves. In your attempts to draw attention to your empty, useless lives, you are killing innocent people and ruining the lives of countless families. The end result of your senseless actions will be that you are universally despised, your memory forgotten in a matter of days. So please, do us all a favor. Just kill yourselves and be done with it.

I would be suspicious of any 30 year old who is not only still in college.............but living in a college dorm........................

Has that look in his eyes.

30 years old and living in a dorm...special.

once again, an assault weapon as a planned part of an attack. Oh,  and don't quibble about what an assault weapon is - we all know

"and that it was unclear what he planned to do with the weapons."I'm pretty sure if he shot himself, he didn't have any plans for the weapons, unless he expected to live through shooting himself.  He would've carried out any plans before he shot himself.it is not the first day back from spring break. check your facts! makes me wonder what else is made up in this article!

I bet they rounded up the muslime students really fast

It makes me sick inside to see how inconsiderate people really are. This was somebody, somebody's son, somebody's brother, somebody's friend and instantly he is judged and used for your political cause. All these comments and I have not seen any that simply recognize the tragic loss that this is. Everyone is perfectly content to sit at home and put judgement on somebody that has obviously just lost the battle with there life.

Forgot to mention that ps3 and x box are to blame!! And social web sites!!

once again, a nut who had easy access to guns.

GUESSWHO you just won price for the most stupid unsense  coment ever.What the hell ur poor commnet has to do with whole conversation! Finaly u got laid well we really dont care

Muslims are terrorist we know that, but dont blame muslims for sick white amercan kids shooting in schools or movies.This is sick american mental health and its only one country doing this from non third world countries i dont even think that muslim fro muddle class family in country where is no war go to schoo to shoot everybody , didnt hear that story and for sure not hearig it every week.After what happened in sandy hook .. some one still does not fill suck in stomach to vo and repeat it thats just crazy! Please america open more mental institutes and lock all those sick people in for ever!

Mike i think it was another mentaly sick studen as usualy!We wish it was terrorist to not know how people in this country are really mentaly sick . This is only country where its keep happening on weekly base and there have to be something what make them to do it.

OBAMA: "All our kids should have a college education"Why? So they can learn how to have an orgy and lose any common sense they may have been instilled with. Not to mention the danger of being killed by more and more of these psychos in our public schools and our universities.

Who was he? Was he student? And what the hell those stupid american kids eating or drinking that they always have to killing! Has to be that stupid huge cane of soda that america didnt want to give up on so badly.I'd rather go to taco bell.   I want one of those Dorito's Locos tacos...Maybe after I have something to eat, I'd feel better.  If not, there's always Xanax, and if that doesn't help, there's always Michelob Ultra ... Then the couch . zzZZ   Bump Wall St. I occupy my sofa

Maybe we should have bomb control?

WTH is making white people lose their minds?!?

Set up. Smells like planted evidence. I wouldnt be surprised if ur being tracked, watched, drugged and abducted to be set up for a crime. They know your routine and can nab you when you least expect it.

I wonder if the media gave this weirdo the same attention they did Newton they next demento hell bent on attention would just off himself instead like this guy. We can only hope.

Had he been an illegal, Obama would have paid his tuition with tax dollars.

Yeah, all the anti gun laws are really going to help solve the violence...

Did he use a "military style", "semi-automatic", "assault rifle" with a "high capacity" magazine the kind that "nobody needs for hunting", or "target shooting" ??? Huh ? Huh ? Answer the question, I don't want to wait all day for Charles Schumar to do it for you.

praise the Lord Jesus Christ for more terror within its own perverted boundaries...more and more of these pervert killers are coming out of the #$%$ school system of america where parents and teachers have taught these monster brats to be killers and homos..more and worse coming to america

He had bombs so why did he bother with guns?According to you gun nuts, if he did not have guns he would use bombs.Another FL-wacko with a stockpile of guns and amo

Thank goodness the roommate did the right thing!   With that last name, I wonder where he came from and if he was "on a mission".   At the last minute he couldn't do it?   hmmmm

The NRA suggested that all College Students should run to the nearest gunshop and arm themselves cause they are the "good" guys (how did a good guy become a bad guy anyway?

Finally, someone gets the order correct. You shoot yourself first, THEN the other victims.

Weekly inspection of dorm rooms and bomb sniffing dogs might help prevent this from happening. Security policy needs to be reviewed!

Guns kill people.

M-4's and M-16's are semi-auto, Dave, yet are classified as assault rifles. So are AR-15's &amp; SKS's.

He  must have had a white roommate coaching him on how to mass shoot but failed.

Throw the bombs and body in a sink hole and close the college down. It's not like there's any serious higher education in Florida.

And what are his politics and is he even in the USA legally?if all the kids were forced to be armed this would never have happened Obama's evilness Again!

This should make NRA advocates proud!

What the Hell is going on with US universities!!!Cannot send any one there to get educated good chance of getting killed before graduating!What a shame for such a good country

What's the rest of the story? Who is this guy? The roommate didn't see guns and bombs? Lotta holes in this.

Looks like he was planning a gang rape

Is he an Indian?

Many occupy wall street undercover Feds state and local cops can you tell which were which?

Hot and ready at_____bubida_____

I guess yahoo doesn't like  my comments so I will write it again . WHERE is HOME LAND SECURITY ?  They are suppose to protect the Citizens .why aren't they protecting the schools and Children's  That come's under their Department .

With a name like "Seevakumaran" my guess is he was a failed Dell technical service rep.Even if he would of killed masses of people the gun nuts would highlight everything that is wrong with this story and society, and naively and conveniently leave out the gun part. .....................................no no no there's not a gun problem in this country argh!!!!!

Chicks at____bubida____will calm you down.....Check it out...

I was nutt deep in my girlfriend when we got the text, imagine having to walkout with the huge hard on lifting up the balnket your wearing.

The good news is this crazy opted for 'self help' before the 'incident'....

So what's the big deal ?  The odd bomb, machete collection, grenade, truckload of fertilizer......folks should learn to relax

The best of all possible endings would have been him getting the help he so desparately needed.

Good thing he wasn't a real American or he would have killed.

America is getting crazier and crazier.

If we are supposed to be so happy in this lousy system of capitalism, why are there so many mentally ill people?????

With over 300 million guns in circulation in the USA, this is totally expected. In fact, the average for shooting deaths in the U.S. is 32 people per day !! I guess we had better get used to it..... fortunately this one ended with a minimum of death....Well at least this guy was to chicken to face up to what he did.  Thankfully those attending the school faced no problems from it.   Probably student who didnt make it or whos g/f picked it over him.  Regardless guns, yup got the right to have one to protect yourself.  Who was he protecting with it, oh ya him.   Sad sad.  In time things change right to have a gun , that needs changing.

The Fort Hood shooting happened in a gun free zone, all these school shootings have happened in gun free zones.... gun free zones help how?

terrorism exists within ............

This proves that gun free zones and background checks work. Keep up the good work FBI.

when will these nuts focus on going after our corrupt politicians rather than innocent people, if  you want to be a hero start with the politicians, no one will miss them.......

so is he a TERRORIST ? wait a minute, if his name was Muhamad, he would be a terrorist !!!

Only in America....and muslim countries.........and America is now run by a muslim......so it makes sense now.

Yawn, another day in the Greatest Nation on Earth ...anyone know what's on HBO tonight?

Too bad.  Good candidate for the NRA president.

Before all you racists (muslim haters, black haters, life haters, self-haters) start yapping, know this:1. He was an American BORN citizen.2.His ethnic backgroud is Sri Lanka. Look it up on a map; its not in the middle east stupid.3. His name is Christian, therefore he believed in the same Jesus as the rest of you.Another student on psycotropic drugs who has had recent contact with the CIA?... I am sure we will never know. We have been warned that more false flag incidents are coming.

made the right choice

Another NRA "hero".

He couldn't take mingling with minorities &amp; illegals anymore. If anyone had visited UCF you would know that university is a beanur majority. Your average professor/lecturer is probably Cuban/Porto rican that have a below average vocab of 1000 words.

Sounds like another nut on the lose , Just couldn't see it through only Cowards kill them self's who truly know the difference between right and wrong but Chose  the wrong path in life

I am surprised this time it wasn't a white normally the planned mass killings like this are whites ,oh well there is always next time and I will jump for joy when one of you whites goes crazy again .