Do you know how you can tell when it is really cold outside?  Lawyers are walking around with their hands in their own pockets.

My question, was the payment to the legal team NOT established b4 hand?  I don't get it. If they agreed on 20% of whatever, then what's the problem?  I agree, the majority should be to the victims first, but honestly what was the original fees.  Now if they came back asking for more than agreed upon, then NO they should NOT get it, regardless of time spent b/c a contract is a contract and you can't come back seeking more after the fact unless all parties agree again w/ a written contract cancelling out the first.

the only ones that win in class action suits are the lawyers, sad but true....

Well now you know why doctors and lawyers have such trusting relationships with their sue happy patients and clients.  No good deed goes unpunished.

Finally some little guy's saying enough is enough!

I have to agree with Ms. Benefield - the lawyers stuck with the case and got paid nothing for 11 years.  According to the article, their compensation is a little over $200 per hour.  That seems reasonable to me.

Pretty interesting how lawyers come out better than victims at times.

We need to change the system. Guarantee the victims a minimum compensation then tack on the attorney fees as an "extra".  That would make it transparent how much the attorneys get and the victims won't be financially raped.

How can this be they will have to cut back on ADVERTISING for victims

Lawyers like Realtors are mostly a rip-off.Attorneys usually get 40%.  This is half of the norm.  People are never satisfied.

The State should have done this litagation. That is the reason we the people have a government.

18,000 hours over 11 years and some of the people who they won money for don't want to pay them.

Should have made final arrangements/agreements on paying for services before engaging there services.

This is why America is messed up: the lawyers in the government allow the lawyers in the gutter steal "legally."

Also note it is a percentage of the GROSS that they recieve. Not the net. So after the taxes are paid on your settlement, then you pay the gross percentage. Do the math.

These people come to the lawyer, sign a contract and when the lawyer does the job, they do not want to pay them. I have no sympathy for these people. They also forget that if they did not win, the lawyers get nothing. The lawyer look the risk and won and should be compensated for the job they did.

How do you know when a lawyer is lying?  Their lips are moving.A dollar is lying on the ground.  Santa Claus, an honest lawyer and a drunk see the dollar.  Who picks it up?  The drunk; the other two characters are fictional.

It's not just the attorneys but they have to pay receptionists, paralegals, legal assistants and support staff.  11 years with no payment.  The victims should be lucky they stuck it out! Now you walk into a law office it's cash on the barrel.

People make fun of lawyers, but you don't make fun when you need one. If they had lost the lawyers would have been paid nothing for their work.SO basically after signing a contract for a 40% lawyer fee, and after the lawyers dropped it to 20%, that wasnt good enough for the "victims"  they want free service now.  Correct?

The attorneys should receive no more than 10% of any class-action lawsuit, period.

Who got them the settlement?  If it weren't for the attorneys, they'd have gotten ZIP from Grace.  And these people signed a CONTRACT agreeing to let the lawyers have FORTY percent.  So now that they've won, they want to back out of their contract and not pay the lawyers any additional fees?  Sorry, time to pay up....

The contract THAT THESSE PEOPLE SIGNED said the lawyers would get 40% yet they only asked for 20%, worked for 11 YEARS, spanning thousands of hours , multiple law firms in multiple locations and the "victims" throw them under the bus once they win"?I hate to say it, but I side with the lawyers on this one.  Sounds to me like the victims are being greedy

I think that if they have already received $14 mill for this, then that should be quite enough.  I have a feeling that these people may be out of luck though, as they signed contracts stating 40% and the lawyers dropped it on their own to 20%. They'll be lucky if the lawyers don't up it back to the original 40%

Next time you need someone to present a complex case to the courts call a plumber.P.S.  I'm relatively certain every one got and signed a Fee Agreement prior to the lawyer's taking the case and also relatively certain that they did not pay the lawyers a dime until the case was settled.

In the first couple paragraphs I was amazed that the lawyers only wanted 20%, then found out it was reduced from 40% (which is more the norm).The reason it is usually so high is because of the risk involved, if they lost the lawyers would get nothing.First rule in suing someone is to retain the best lawyer, if it costs more it's because usually they don't lose.

What if the US has a "Obamacare" for law? Whereas the government tells the lawyers how much they can charge. They can't deny representation either. Just raise the taxes on the rich so we can ALL have lawyers.

Avaricious attorneys are the most despicable and hated professional class in America. Is it any wonder that many members of Congress are lawyers?

myu late husband was a part of an asbestos class action suit .  He got very little ....less than a thousandd ollars total .  After he died from COPD I had to go thru so much red tape to get a check , it dwindled down to nothing .  An $800 + check ended up being $147 ..after paying an attorney to verify that I was the widow I gained about $25.   I ignored the next letter from the attornies wanting my power of attorney .  To heck with them ,And deny the attorneys their $222 per hour? What do you expect them to live on?

This is where  a VP choice of the DNC ,got all his money.All these class action cases are for the laywers pockets,but greed makes the real victims see $ signs ,and they get screwed

Big business will look out for the American workers.... yeah Then the lawyers will screw them again.Lose/lose

The crooked lawyers are always the ones benefiting. I knew a friend that had some type of case that this lawyer sued and got around 35 thousand but told the friend he just got 5 thousand, then he gave the friend 2 thousand, and kept the 33 thousand. They are all crooks.

People signed on the bottom line to pay 40%.  The attorneys renegotiated for a lesser percentage (and kept up the case after Grace went bankrupt).#1 - they didn't have to sign up for the class#2 - attorneys ALWAYS get paid

I think everyone is missing the point. WR Grace is either going bankrupt or already bankrupt. They set up a fund for those that contracted mesothelioma, asbestosis, and lung cancer. Those funds is dispersed for all victims that can prove WR Grace products were a contributing factor to their disease. The lawyers job is to help prove that. Lawyers need to get paid for their work in proving the clients case. It's not like the lawyers are sitting on their butts and freeloading off others work.

You think all of these law firm commercials looking for plaintiffs to bring suit against these manufacturers are for your benefit?

Every lawyers motto: "Sign on the dotted line, and I'll rip you off."

these lawyers want 18 mil total in fees. This company is bankrupt no one is getting anything, and well now the lawyers will come after the victims for the monies

When will these dummies learn that the only reason a lawyer takes a case is to get rich. They don't care one bit about clients needs or wants.pay yo bills.

what other asbestos diseases are there? you mentioned article above.

This is a lose-lose situation.  The legal wrangling has been going on for years and have obviously involved an incredible number of dedicated attorneys to get justice for the people of Libby.  But no amount of money can compensate for the victims of W.R. Grace.  And there is no way that all of the people affected will receive compensation.  Attorneys need to be paid.  Companies need to be held accountable.

freeloaders in Montana....lawyers don't work for free

That come out to  about $8000.00 per victim, not much for a life,  and the only people getting rich are the lawyers.

lawyers are #$%$

Only job I know where they charge you $850.00 an hour and then they still rip you off every time for more.