There has always been a schism, between the Sunni and the Shia, but the war in Syria is making it worse. Lebanon tried to share power between the two Muslim sects and the Christians, but the Shia and Hezbollah tried to take over supported by Iran and Syria. Now that Syria is in a civil war, Hezbollah is weakened and the Sunni want to get rid of them. The Shia killed a Sunni Lebanese President, so this is is not unexpected. It's understandible that the Sunni and Christians want the Shia gone or diminished, Hezbollah started a war with Israel that damaged Lebanon.

And who is the culprit? Hezbollah of course.

The moron is in a 'Purplehaze' .  These Muslims have been at each others throats for centuries and only a brain dead Muslim would look to blame anyone else. Muslims killing Muslims by the thousand and they look to blame someone else !

Beating each other up over minor differences of opinion about a myth.  That is what religion creates.

Muslims killing muslims.....................been going on for centries..............population controllllllTG........

ARABS??? WHO CAN FIGURE THESE PEOPLE OUT? I CAN"T!!

Iran and Hezbollah pretend they dd not beat up the Sunni clerics but they LIE and intimidate

John, don't lump Jesus in with a child molester. Jesus taught love, forgivness, and compassion, Mohammed taught murder, rape, and child molestation. Remember Christ died on a cross for all people not for his own personal gain like Mohammid.

were they slumming for virgins?

The coming war against Iran will affect all Shi'ite wherever they are in the region from Lebanon to Pakistan. So they better move and defend themselves now, before it's too late.

Typical Islam.  Killing eachother over the same view point.  Hatred at it's core.why you want to distroy that only country give you freedim , rest arab word they will hang you . all of you have no respect , for human race you need to be civilise . be greatfull for country like lebanon gave you be able to live what ever religion  you're

"By way of deception thou shalt do war."They are trying to separate you morons (sunni vs shia). You are the same freaking religion like catholics and protestants but they divide you for monetary gain. After they (US, Russia, Israel, Saudi) sell weapons to you (profitable gain) and you kill each other hence WEAKENING each other, they (US, Russia, Israel, Saudi) move in like a group of vultures to rape your land of resources and strategic military bases.Look what they did in Iraq: create a disturbance, provide saddam with weapon and at his weakest point, they striked under the smoke screen of Democracy and raped their land of natural resources.Look at Afghanistan: Fund/train/arm the Taliban then they strike them down and rape their land of natural resources.

I've been saying it for a very long time....Islam IS the enemy! It will never co-exist with the west. It's either them or us...

and you wonder why America supports Israel...BECAUSE THE MUSLIM COUNTRIES ARE ALL CRAZY!!!

Shi'ite vs Sunni...now there is a fight I can support...

Being beaten instead of murdered IS the islamic version of 'peace'.

I have meet a few middle eastern people and none of them had any logic...ignorant, inbred, narrow minded, intolerant,...only genetic engineering can change what continues to happen there.

Hezbull#$%$ and shee ite kafirs will have a very bad surprise coming, they need to be taught a painful lesson again (unfortunately)

what is a Shi'ite muslim, it's what a Sunni muslim flush's in the morning

Can't  we can't we all just get along ?Moses Jesus Mohamed are all #$%$Moses tried Jesus tried Mohamed triedMankind is just stupid sorry to sayShee ites are low life parasites who have nothing to do with being muslim

The truth is the rest of us could not care less whether its Sunni or Sh'ia. Most of us are ignorant and don't  even know the difference. All we know is you kill each other by the thousands in the most barbaric, brutal way and then blame everyone else for your troubles.

What else is new...

For the U.S. Marines that died in Beirut, we still owe Hezbollah a good pasting.

What were these Sunni scholars doing walking through a Shia neighborhood at night?

Sunni Muslims are a plague to the world.

They misunderstood, Peace in Islam is spelled Piece .... (a piece of him over here. a piece of him over there).

Finally some Shias got to beat up sunnis...otherwise its always other way round...

is the enemy of my enemy my friend?

Did I read that right?  nobody went boom??Must be a misprint. LOLThe Muslims should have only one wife and and few children and provide for foods and education for them! They should have only one wife and do not have too many chilren and take good care of their own children. Teach them love others even though they have different religions!

Thats all Christians needed in Lebanon / war between moslem sects.!

every time you see a lake of blood you find a muslim live there !!!!!!Islam means cheap #$%$ blood,

It's always sunni in lebanon

muslim on muslim crime. And the problem is?

How is ASSLAM treating you lately ???72 Virgin goats from pedophile moooooo-ham-mad ???Allah Uh FACK bar !!!

what a religion of peace - they can't even get along with themselves!!  such a joke!   You don't see catholics attacking methodists or baptists around here.  Islam is nothing but a backwards #$%$ caveman joke of a religion.  Personally, I don't car ehow much they fight among themselves.  Just leaves les sof them to cause us headaches later on.

This is zionists' fault somehow.

another proof to the prince of peace Obama that Islam is not a religion of of peace !!!!!

How about the Harlem Shake?sickening religion of men who beat each other up just because of a slightly different belief of Islam. At least nobody died which usually happens.

Islam is not the religion of peace ok MR farakan    ,if it is why where ever you see a muslim lives , you see a lake of blood around him ?

Amazing, the two largest sects of Islam, the Sunni and Shia, hate each other enough to kill the other.  What a sick religion.

Syrian civil war is expanding to Lebanon, with the Syrian military attacks across the Lebanese border and the Hezbollah attacks on Sunni scholars inside Lebanon. The future of Lebanon, like Syria, is precarious as long as the Syrian civil war continues.

once again everyone goes to fight there wars in Lebanon, I pity the Lebanese all these trouble makers are not even from Lebanon.

Do NOT let that idiot Assad start a war in Lebanon, the Shia need to be expelled to Iran. Headless or not, doesn't matter.

Sunnis or Shi'ite, either way you lose, just let them keep it between themselves.

As in chess...Hezbollah / Assad know they must destabilize Lebanon in order to prolong the civil war in Syria, especially with the steadfast backing of the Iranians; they will loose, but more civilians - men, women and children will loose their lives, which mean nothing to those who crave power and care only for themselves.

These are the most violent people ever put on the earth.  Every day it's something else with these guys.

All in the name of mans own ego .......nice !!!When will people realize that it's the Sunnis who have plagued the war in many tragic events. 9/11, beheading, suicide bombing, Al Qaeda, Taliban, and etc. are all brands of Sunni. They are a product of the devil. They kill and maim innocent Shi'as who are very modern and progressive. I'm a Shi'a Muslim and my family have endured persecution under the Taliban regime in Afghanistan.

This surely warrants the introduction of American troops. Look at the wonders the American military has done for Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan.

The Sunnis are the bad guys, aren't they?