I wish for peace for the people of Iraq, they certainly deserve it.

Glad to see someone trying to change their country's bad situation instead of running here.

American soldiers really did love the kids of Iraq.  They saw all the shia sunni fighting and all the jihadi stuff really hurt the kids they passed by everyday......and I have to say, from my two relatives that served...that althought the culture was hard for the soldiers to comprehend--especially the treatment of girls......The Iraqis are a special people with really good brains and heart.....to those soldiers who were there....From those two soldiers to Iraqis.....You can do it....You are the best of the region.

Muslims are going to have to find a way to achieve peace amongst themselves.  The world can't nor shouldn't attempt do it for them.  They have to find their own way.

Not trying to be an apologist for Hussein, but 30, 40 years ago Iraq had a very high standard of living. The highest standard of living in the Middle East if I'm not mistaken. I think it was very hypocritical for the US to support Hussein and his crimes against Iranians in the early 80s, but then be the leading force in his execution for crimes against humanity. They were just interested in the oil the whole time. It was only in the early 90s when Sadam invaded Kuwait and started exceeding his OPEC quota--which ticked off the Saudis--that the US switched sides, as evidenced by their sanction campaign that starved hundreds of thousands of Iraqi children. Look at the place now. It's one of the most impoverished places in the world, and the political instability has given rise to a new generation of Jihadists and sectarian violence. Horrible foreign policy on part of the US has been creating situations around the world like this since the late 1800s. The US needs to abandon its shortsighted, self-serving, materialist foreign policies in favor of adapting a foreign policy based on international law and human rights. And that starts with doing something about the corporate-sponsored Demokrat/Republikan dictatorship in the political system.

Such strength and courage to stay in an otherwise unstable country!!!

Iraq had so much oil money, then poured it all back into the sand.  America saw how foolish that was, then did the same thing. Ruin all that our predecessor have built is the mantra.

These may be the people who will be left with the task of cleaning up Iraq down the road if the current adult population in Iraq doesn't do so.

Robert, I went to college when I was 57 years old and obtained a nursing certificate.  The change in my income doubled when I got out of school.  It is never too late in America to get additional education and to better yourself.  Please start now.  Don't wait as long as I did!

Is their anyone keeping track of what the Iraqi government is doing with all their oil revenues?....is there any transparency?. I recently read that the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers in Iraq have fallen to record low water flows from over withdrawals/lack of rainfall/upstream dams etc. I've also read that oil drilling requires large amounts of water....is the oil industry using this water?...is there an Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in Iraq?...are Iraqi's getting roads, hospitals. power plants, schools, affordable housing, universities, sewage plants, water treatment plants, low interest business loans, better farming technology, better irrigation from this oil/natural gas tax revenue/wealth?.Hint to success as a western-type nation: religious tolerance. To each his or her own. Put it in your constitution and enforce it with as large a police force with as heavy duty weapons as are required until the radicals finally get the beauty of it.

Awash in widespread instability and political corruptness,  well i guess we really did spread American style democracy there.

but we got another Bush running for president

Safer than India

Why doesn't the Iraqi Government take what is left after expenses and pay every living Iraqi citizen living in Iraq an equal dividend from their oil revenues. That would sure as hell scare the %*&amp;% out off all the other countries and might quite down a whole lot of other stuff that goes on.

"Now she dreams of an Iraq where all people can "enjoy stable life and security."They already had a life like that before the US invasion.

I know how war can destroy peoples lives , been through it myself which still hunts me , took my collage education , family , and my future away . Now driving taxi in los angeles and dealing with people and wishing I had my collage education so I could have better life

Let us all sincerely pray for Iraq.  They've endured so much - first Saddam, then a horrible war, this country has lots of good people and most of them dont hate Americans.

Good for you lady.....stay safe......men around you are lunatics

Yet, the Sunni Wahhabis are still trying to destroy the country..as they are doing in Syria.Every one can dream.... Man made "religion" has done more harm then good!   no matter what country you live in..... The Free world has 'slowly' moved forward,but we still have to deal with the "Religious" that have refused to move forward out of the 1940's........ WE ALL HAVE A RIGHT TO OUR RELIGION., BUT NOT TO LET 1/3 OF THIS NATION, IMPOSE THEIR RELIGIOUS VIEWS ON THE OTHER 2/3 OF THE NATION...........WE WOULD BE NO BETTER OFF THEN THE MIDDLE EAST IF WE HAD NOT MOVED FORWARD STEP BY STEP INTO THE 21ST CENTURY....................

The people of Iraq are descendants of one the oldest and greatest cultures on Earth.They have a lot to be proud of. Their ancestors invented agriculture, built the first cities and wrote the first stories. It's only natural to want to rebuild. It was a great place not too long ago.I'm sure there are still old people that remember better times before the rise of fundamental Islam and meddling western governments. it is hard to reforge a broken nation, but if they stay the course, it can be a place for people of proud of again.

When do Bush, Cheney, or Rumsfeld visit the country that they helped 'liberate?' They know that the people of Iraq would make great sacrifices to cap their #$%$ -- and rightfully so!

Stay my behind, if they spent 1 week in America and got a look at Wal-Mart, they would be hooked and Iraq could blow away.

Its good to hear that at least students are realizing what they need in future, lets join with her

Mission Accomplished!! Your Welcome.

"I want my country to be better, and I want my people to enjoy stable life and security, and for Iraq to be like a Western country,"A gold mine for orientalists.

To any Iraqi es that read this ...I'm sorry what the FAT PIG MAGGOTS of my government did to your country. I find it appalling and embarrassing. I feel for all.

Here are some of the names of Khazar Judaists who suckered USA taxpayers/congress into funding the attack upon Iraq and now use you for their attack upon Iran and any other country they choose:   Albert Wohlstetter, Oded Yinon’s, Richard Perle, William Kristol, Robert Kagan, David Wurmser, Paul Wolfowitz,  Joe Lieberman, William Safire, Eliot Cohen, David Frum, Norman Podhoretz, Kenneth Adelman, Charles Krauthammer, Benjamin Netanyahu, Philip Zelikow, Elliott Abrams, Lewis “Scooter” Libby, Douglas Feith, Bernard Lewis, Eliot Engel, Ahmed Chalabi, and many other actors.

Was it worth over the lives of over 4000 of our children, and almost 3 trillion of our tax dollars?The youth of mexico could take this as an example. If you want changes made then grow some balls and force your government to change and stop stealing what's not yours!

Peace can only happen if they abandon their bloodthirsty religion. If you hadn't already noticed all the violence are religion based.

I pray that god will restore everlasting peace and love   to the whole world in jesus name amen

I had a boyfriend from Iraq when I was young. At first he had a picture of Saddam that he kept at the house and he was so happy about him!! Then, He said, "Honey,He is a very bad man". As he started to hear about murders of friends and tortures. He had so much hope for his country. And Saddam was not what they thought he would be. Seems as if every time people really revere a leader, He is a monster underneath. Thats why I am scared to death of Obama. I remember how horrified this man was. And now I too am horrified.

GOOD!!! Now you, and the Rest of you muslims, PLEASE STAY THERE.

The great martyr G.W. Bush has laid the cornerstone for a better life for this family with the US occupation.

All the war did was create the next generation of terrorist.

Shahad Abbas is truly a dreamer isn't she? Dream all you want girl but Iraq will always be the Iraq it's always been.

yeah, yeah.........the place has always been a trouble making dump.

Anyone realize yet the US had made "peace" with communisim as countries understand it does not work (Okay except for Communist-Dictatorships and they do not work).  Anyone else realize with few exceptions countries that are governed by Islam are failures?  Ones that are have a class of people collecting exteme amounts of money?  Perhaps Kuwait is the exception.The children of Iraq, Israel, Afghanistan and Palestine deserve peace.As soon as these older corrupt politicians leave the office, the younger generation can take over and bring peace.

As the youth take over and women are educated a different culture may develop. The old men with sticks running around will be gone. Maybe then peace can happen. Religion will be kept at bay and safety can then work.

Even after many more centuries as long as the real problems are not fixed middle east will remain bloody as it has ever been. Unless and until you identify and resolve the real issue, middle east will remain the same.

Too bad that as a women she won't have any opportunity thanks the the Muslim neanderthals.

As long as the muslim men over there have plenty of sheep and goat to satisfy there sexual Pleasures, you might be OK.

Give up serving their religion and for sure all will be well, otherwise, keep dreaming.

This Iraqi girl is probably typing up a thank you letter to W for getting he father killed needlessly

Nice looking computer. Hopefully she will learn how much Islam despises Israel and speak publically to the truth. Truthfulness is not an attribute of Muslims. Never trust Muslims. Their actions speak louder than words.

Dream on girl,it will never happen in your lifetime!Islam kills all and every freedom!

If you want peace get rid of garbage Allah Islam Quran and MuhammadKeep dreaming.The middle east has been a nightmare for over 2000 years, and will continue to be one.

Most young iraquis  had bad dicktator  rule the country for many years. What they have on their plate. I would not want. They have a big hill to climb.

STar...., where do you or others from the Western countries get the idea that the Near East has always been troublesome? Yes, there has been wars, struggles and so on, but not continueously for ever.  The Near East has such a long history, stretching back to the late Stone Age (22,000yrs ago) and it is obvious that out of so many years, there will also be so many conflict, but not on a continuous non-stop basis as it has made out to be by the zionist media.In fact, since the end of the last crusades (900yrs) up to early 20th century, there has been a relative period of calm and peace, not to count the usual local tribal conflicts involving only small armies of a few hundred or so.The recent troubles, which seem to continue for ever, started in 1948 with the Jew invasion of the Holy Land and the illegal occupation of other peoples' lands.

The Iraq people do not like the American people. So let them handle the evil within them.

You can't help these Muslim loons.  They're stuck in the Middle Ages.   I say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure.

violence and murder is good for muslims .Who better to enjoy Islams message of peace and understanding than Muslims

How many more Wars do we have to fight for the Jews?

Great dreams and all they are with radical moslems having weapons no such thing.

Do they have a Rothschild Bank yet?

Muslims are too stupid to have a bright future - if they were smart they would ditch the loser religion first.Thanks America for f---- up another country!  It won't happen with Syria!  Putin is back and knows the Americans' game.  Russian weapons are flowing to Syria and Iran.  Saddam was great for Iraq.  He protected the Christians.  He protected the minorities.  He NEVER harmed an American who didn't invade his country.  He let girls dress how they wanted to dress.  Christians could drink.  He protected the small Jewish community in Baghdad.  Now you get religious nuts straight from Saudi Arabia.  The Christians have fled to Syria and are now protected by Assad.  Wow, what a mess.

It will take 50 years for this country to get back to where they were before America and Britian illegally attacked them.

Bush really did a number on Iraq.

God bless Israel, amen!

So many children suffer when there is war. I hope the world will some how find peace some day.

Unlike the Mexicans - all they do is enter the US illegally and bring their drugs, and gangs over here! Then they complain, if they actually get send back!

They wanted promises but wanted us out.We left, they got what they wanted and now they're whining?Dear GODS, NO MORE NATION BUILDING.They're like needy teenagers who've run up their credit card over and over and STILL expect to be bailed out.No better than Socialists.

Because they still believe in their country , unlike the u.s.a. Everyone here calls them selves asian american, african american, mexican american, instead of true americans here to help and take care of americans,

These hard working young people need our prayers and support.  They are trying to improve life for themselves and all their fellow countrymen &amp; women.  So many young people leave for the "dream life" in the US and leave it to the unlawful to continue to do harm.  Stay and fight for your country.  You are in my prayers.

#$%$ on themIn the vernacular of Baghdad youngsters, the word; "Bush", is a pejorative, meaning something akin to a diseased turd, or in the verbal form, a bowel movement that expels pus and blood along with feces.  I am not making this up.

bush jr. , (the (J) ew whisperer),  will go down as the worst republican president of all time.

When is the Iraqi Dinar going to Revalue?

Ya know, Shahad is cute.  With the right kind of clothing and attitude she could be a real looker.  Too bad she worships a false god.

Corruption Breeds Corruption The United states Government has So Much Blood,Malfeasance, and deceit that if they TRY to Do anything GOOD it becomes infected with the Evil that Suurounds them like DEMONS.a CLEANSING would have to be done in our Government to end this CYCLE

Obama lets kids live like dat here with his taxes.

Why should they leave American tax dollars are funding the country,

Who are we kidding? No other country is willing to take them in-- certainly not the U.S. or Britain or Australia. We've destroyed Iraq. Now we want to bury all evidence of our crimes against humanity. Depleted uranium anyone?

Their religion is what's holding them back.  They have billions of dollars of oil they could exploit but they are too stupid to use it.

Unfortunately violence will continue in Iraq. USA would not risk leaving a Shi'ite government in power in Iraq while in war with Iran. Before USA goes to war against Iran,no later than 2015,    the current Shi'ite government has to be replaced by a Sunni one. This is going to be a bloody process.should now USA and Nato forces vacant their country.

Thank you america for all the war and poverty in Iraqi, Afghanistan and the rest of the countries you police!! And thank you Isreal for killing Jesus Christ and now control the christians off the world.

wow

Must be nice..her laptop is bigger than mine..I bet her legs have more hair on them than I have on my head.

How to not "Nation-Build" excuses.

"A stable government job to help my family is what is needed."  How about trying out free market capitalism???  Big g'ment is CO$TLY as well as leads to a police state.  People gotta get off this groupie socialist/communalist big g'ment mentality,  like there is not one single recorded case in human history of big g'ment ever being successful.  Just look what big g'ment did to America... bankrupted the USA &amp; robbing people of their Liberties &amp; right to choose for themselves(obamacare).Iraq will suffer as long as polarization through religious doctrine holds sway in the country.  I can't remember the guys name but I do remember one of his quotes on the subject of religion... "Verily I say unto you,  stay away from teachers of religion for the doing of nothing good is with them."

At least she knows she has to "take the weight" too bad the rest of MENA won't.

Oh Lord Jesus save people...I am getting weary in well doing &amp; I need a new wedding band!!!!!  In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ Amen.

Why fix a broken ideological system where you're forced to hide your gorgeous body under that disgusting nun's outfit...when you can move to America and let me undress you like a Christmas present?

Get rid of the Kurds in Iraq THEN you will have Peace....People kept in illiteracy, poverty and fear by govt and religion somehow feel safer with the enemy they know, rather than the unknown.

God Bless you Shahad Abdul-Amir Abbas it is people like you that change the world and your future generations! Dont ever let anyone bring you down God loves you and is with you on your journey! forget these trash balls who doubt you, you only need Big Tommy Mac to support you I run America all the people that post hateful stuff are cowards I got your back. Continue to do your thing you have inspired many many people! God Bless You sweetheart!

How can they have peace if we in the west support division, corrupted officials, our main goal is to get oil in cheep price filling the pocket of chevron and..... with billions of US $.

what infidel taught this woman to read and write? death be to his camel

what a wonderful young lady and beautiful.

Too many of these bas(tards) are already living in Philadelphia. There are entire neighborhoods now of Iraqi refugees.

I pray that one day, all nations live in peace and harmony, all religions become a unit, and all bad turns to good!

The youth of Iraq is and should be their inspiration of hope!  i wish them the best and god 's peace be with you!

If only there was a way these young Iraqis could all thank Bush &amp; Cheney for trying to liberate their country from its oil.  Maybe they could bake them a cake.

Iraq has a bleak future.  Gee,  you think it has anything to do with the war the U.S. kicked up there???Besidesthe topic that of, Family Income in aspect about being placed in Poverty like living conditions, THE PSYCHE of the Inner Husbandry and all its never ending forms of their ABUSES, too displaced NEGLECTS intentional or unintentional is 100% the infinite problem of why a lot more persons are and would be considered UNSUCCESSFUL ( and by their type of Psychology, how much money wealth one has as being proven the emphasis in the word, SUCCESSFUL...). Middle Eastern Countries, to even large portions of the MALE SIDE of the HUSBANDRY here within USA who continue to lack comprehension of MODERN DAY TIMES, lifestyles to choices between a man and the woman, are still in TRUTH, STUCK in the OLD TESTAMENT TIME PERIOD, especially when it comes to expectations in Family relationships, the work force, to Role Expectations within a Marriage. There are so many dysfunctions in it as a non-asundered whole. I cannot even begin to list the amount of the abnormalities about them, why and how the non-asundered have misled and abused thousands, if not of millions of lives on a daily basis as a lumped whole, to poverty like living conditions and why many relationships and marriages are unable to last a real lifetime-this they will never stop denying about. They are accountable for bad business, causing wars, to life tragedies all together. They are not individuals, rarely isolated or separated, and live vicariously through one another day after day as their types of PSYCHES are also one in the same. Now about that so-called HAVE POOL; always stealing someone else's blessings to sources of ideas, identity thefts to misrespresentative in the GAMES of LIFE, to having the POWER in taking one's life to be used by the more successful persons discretions...they are responsible for increased conditions of poverty. IMO, the Inner Husbandry will always be will be the more irresponsible PARTY in the long run, as well as proving who actually are about DEFILED leaderships, and relationships among one another, to who also demotes in being happy, prosperous and in a committed like relationships of one's choice. The non-asundered will have a completely different story to tell every time in order to protect what they continue to ROB from everyone else who remains at the BOTTOM of LIFE, as our own words are never confessed or even told in complete truth. I believe that there are actually certain persons who are intentionally kept in poverty and are unfairly made an example of- a MOCKERY per se, for the rest to see and learn from... the wealthier ones who ALWAYS live way beyond their means, continue to drain more chances, opportunities, privileges, and successes toward the Poverty classes which the rich have helped to increase in case numbers and their population. All the answers which they should announce and to those who have EARS TO HEAR their truer ministries and "God Like" conversations, they still don't answer and play dumb to many important factors in why there are much more poverty like living conditions toward those who have for many years of their own lives made wiser and more conservative choices overall.

Iraq would do well by building themselves on the tourism industry.  Build hotels, restaurants, etc and use their country's history as the attraction...husseins mansions, etc.  Become hosts to the international community's curiosities regarding Iraq's past, present, and future.

I posted this comment on another thread and so I do it here as well.  It never ceases to amaze me how muslims (the majority) react in a frenzy and in a state of childish fit of rage (their mental state is in questioned), when their qur’an and islam is exposed as a system of pure filth and pure madness!! With that said, , islamic ideology is based upon an intense hatred of the non-muslim. 90%-95% of all the conflicts on this planet today involve muslims fighting non-muslims or each other. It’s detestable for anyone to use the word “peace” where islam is concern. There is nothing peaceful about islam!! For instance, 20,400+ deadly terror attacks committed explicitly in the name of islam in just the last 12 years!!! The sexual predator (you know who I am referring to) had people killed for insulting him or for criticizing his religion.  This included women. muslims are told to emulate the example of the sexual predator. The sexual predator said in many places that he has been "ordered by allah to fight men until they testify that there is no god but allah and that the sexual predator is his messenger. The sexual predator inspired his men to war with the basest of motives, using captured loot, sex and a gluttonous paradise as incentives.  he beheaded captives, enslaved children and raped women captured in battle.  Again, muslims are told to emulate the example of the sexual predator. muslims continued their jihad against  religions for 1400 years, checked only by the ability of non-muslims to defend themselves.  To this day, not a week goes by that islamic fundamentalists do not attempt to kill Christians, Jews, Hindus and Buddhists explicitly in the name of allah. None of these other religions are at war with each other. Islam is the only religion that has to retain its membership by threatening to kill anyone who leaves.  This is according to the example set by the sexual predator. islam teaches that non-muslims are less than fully human.  The sexual predator said that muslims can be put to death for murder, but that a muslim could never be put to death for killing a non-muslim. The qur'an never once speaks of allah's love for non-muslims, but it speaks of allah's cruelty toward and hatred of non-muslims more than 500 times. "Allahu Akbar!  Allahu Akbar!  Allahu Akbar!"   (THE LAST WORDS FROM THE COCKPIT OF FLIGHT 93) This means, “allah is the greatest!”

"Now she dreams of an Iraq where all people can..........."and I dream of an Iraq where all dog fuxing muslims kill each other off until there is only one left and he commits suicide.

thank you GW Bush

#$%$ng americans caused instability all around the world..

I don't blame this young girl in Iraq for wearing a head scarf as she would be beaten if she didn't but over here in the U.S. any woman who wears a head scarf should be beaten for her stupidity. No one is going to "lust" after a woman or rape her just because they see her hair! What a bunch of baloney!

To progress in a Democratic country first you shouldn't involve religion.Period.

And no one lost her/his loved ones Caused by US Occupation

"...interviews and discussions across the country with more than a dozen Iraqi teenager....."  glad they did such intensive research.Yet another a/p propaganda novel.. and not a word mentioned of Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeldt, Rice, Wolfowitz, or Rove ?!!!

I pray for the youth of Iraq to live in happiness and prosperity. At the end of the day, among all our differences, we are still human! Instead of alienating others and isolating ourselves from them, we should embrace each other.

Muslims, terrorists.... that;s all ignorant racists are good for. Labeling others. Iraqis ARE PEOPLE. Its their business to decide their religion in their country.  Young Iraqis please do your best to raise your country to the level it should be.  Sunni  and #$%$...God Bless Iraq

""Now she dreams of an Iraq where all people can..........." and I dream of an Iraq where all dog fuxing muslims kill each other off until there is only one left and he commits suicide."

sorry to say the savages will never change! sad but true!