Unbelievable!

not really, they are bankrupt and continue spending...no lesson learned.

Gee, wonder why they went bankrupt?

Stupid do as stupid does.

What the hell is wrong with these people?  That's right 'MODERN MATH"

If they can barely make payroll now, how are they going to make it with the increases?  Look out there is a GIANT tax increase coming your way.

Its time for the state and county to take over, its clear that no one in San Bernardino has a clue.  A raise for police and fire, what is the hold that public safety has.  Fire the bunch and rehire new public safety officers, one's that understand what it means to be a public servant.  Public Safety is one of the main reasons why the city is in trouble, and its the same in other cities that filed bankruptcy, like Vallejo and Stockton.

What is wrong with this picture, stupid people do exist and I know where they are!!

Too bad we can not run our business that way, with no worries about money or customers.

This is what happens when the tax consumers elect the government.

The inmates are running the asylumHell they ain't Obama with a pool of 370+ million to draw from. Ignorance can be fixed , but stupid is forever.

"Monday night's pay increases" tells me all I need to know.  Passed in the dark of night.

And yet the people keep on voting these idiots in.You know what?  It just makes me want to say you get what you deserve

Pelosi says " thats not a spending problem, thats an income problem.

If you read between the lines, you'll note that this "raise" will go to dim-o-crat UNIONS. That, my friends, is the whole leftist fiscal policy. Control the cash, redistribute it amongst themselves. Filthy THIEVES !

"They argue that police and firefighters would leave San Bernardino if they were not paid wages similar to other cities."No, they won't. There are NO OTHER JOBS OUT THERE!

Hey !.... We can't pay the electric bill but let's run out and charge a new big screen TV..YUK.. YUK !?

They didn't get the memo, 'You can't spend your way out of debt." Ask Obama.

Wow. California is gone. They're drowning in debt and still can't manage responsibly.

Sounds like they're following great examples that United States Congress has set for us.But the illegals get discounted tuition.

If only they had created a city with more of the liberal values, ie more gays,higher taxes, more illegals, more unions, more abortions, then things would have been better.

The city council will say -not my fault, the charter's fault; then they will retire and take millions with them.

San Bernardino just seized on the Democratic party's plan of "spending" ones way back to prosperity.

CA needs to hurry up and go broke before Obama leaves so he can bail them out.

They need to change the charter and tie the pay rates to Cuba.

If you live in San Bernardino and vote for liberal progressives, DON'T COMPLAIN!!!This is EXACTLY what you voted for....

Welcome to California... Don't worry, the Progressive Socialists will do for the rest of the country what they have done for San Bernadino, and the rest of California.. Madness really..

The city council refused to stop this pay increase because they were paid off by the police and firefighters unions. Those council members must have voted on their own pay increases  as well. Now who is gonig to pay off the liberal federal judge?

another example of the incompetent politiciansthis is like rotating the deck chairs on the titanic

Public unions are so cool.  Think how much time it saves the city. They don't even have to waste time debating how to spend extra money. There isn't any.

You just have to love Socialists. Too Funny.

Democrats, all seem to have slept through, Math Class !

The stupidity of these libs never cease to amaze me. They all must have sh(it) for brains.

This is what is so wrong with goverment! Bankrupt and still spending... Then they wonder why people don't trust our elected officials judgement. In the private sector you don't give pay increases when the company is about to fail. Amazing just amazing.

yeah just keep on spending money and soon you want have any then what?hope you like riots...

Is anybody really surprised? C'mon, this is California and they will find a way to squeeze more out of the working folks. They'll call it a "Bail Out" tax or something, but there will be more taxes. These dummies even voted themselves a tax increase on sales tax and income tax.

Pelosi must be in charge of the check book

Obamanomics at its finest.I see on this pic they left a space on the San Bernardino headstone for R.I.P.

Only in the USA.  Bankrupt with assinine city charters.   Does anyone have any logical-brain-training in this country???   No wonder Iran and others laugh at us like hyenas.

Union backed elected officials make financially stupid decisions

They forgot to say " It's not a spending problem".

Seems like San Bernardino`s Government, is tailored after the USA`s Federal Government and maybe it is the other way around!

They would be better off if they got rid of them and hired new ones with a reasonable contract.

Don't worry, they will raise your property taxes so they can get their pensions.

Maybe instead of letting the unions pick rich cities to compare to, they should pick 10 cities by size and similar wealth.

Monopoly money......

And they call me crazy!!!!Same story across the U.S. -- Politicians buying union votes with taxpayers $$$.  In this case, there are no $$$, but do you think any of these Public Service (?) unions are concerned about the hardworking taxpayers ???

Ps...The councils said if the police and fire fighters are not paid the same like other rich cities, they will leave....It sounds to me like the councils are being held hostage by the unions...So let them leave and dont let the door hits you on the way out....I can assure you there will be people lining up to get applications....

Why does this not surprise me coming from a city run by democrats in a state run by democrats.

They learned from the best, to bad they just can't print money like Obama can.

Unions, union bought corrupt politicans and illegal mexicans are destroying us here in California. I wonder if it is coming down from the White House that can print money without worry about increasing the national debt?

The liberals like those "automatic" spending requirements so they can claim blamelessness. However, they failed to change the charter when they saw disaster coming... so I blame them.

So, they have finally discovered where all the village idiots have decided to live.

Another super great Democratic idea. LMAO!

What a bunch of jacka**es. Are they all on drugs?

FRUITS, FLAKES, and Nancy Legosi!Only a Million? The way governments spend today that is like one of us few taxpayers buying a cup of coffee.

Crazy Californians!

No different from Greece. Unless forced to, all governments will throw around as much money as they can.

Democrat motto: "Nothing to see here, move along!"  WOW!

Most larger Calif. cities are run for the benefit of the unionized public safety employees.  The average police sgt. in the state makes more than $100,000 a year, and after 30 years, can retire on a pension of more than $100,000 at age 50.  Many fire battalion  captains pull down north of $200,000 and retire on pensions of $250,000 or more.  The entire state political establishment is morally bankrupt, which is why most of its cities will soon be fiscally bankrupt as well.  Since a state cannot legally declare bankruptcy, Calif. will just default on most of its obligations some time in the next few years.

LOL.  Spend more than you take in.  Gobblements tax more than the local economy can pay.  The entire system goes bankrupt.  Gee. Just more of the same.

Same thinking Obama has for the country!

California&gt;&gt;&gt; what a beautiful state being ruined by the liberal progressives..how sad... When people learn they can vote themselves money democracy will fail..Thomas jefferson

This is what B O wants for the whole country!

Insanity of the liberal mind......it's only money...plenty more where that came from....sane people should just leave CA....to these morons.San Burnitdowno

REMEMBER..?YOU GET WHAT YOU VOTE FOR &amp; BRIBE.....!

And now you know why eventually the whole country will default on its debts.

...........Nowhere am I so desperately needed as among a shipload of illogical humans.--Spock, Star Trek,  in 'I, Mudd'

Must be people there are training to be President of the US

Bottom line is if you can't pay your bills, you don't receive product or service.  Except, of course, if you are the government and can scavenge off spineless, fool taxpayers, and a federal government, thinking you "too big to fail" and can dip into the bottomless Chinese credit card.

The city (mis) managers need to be flogged.

It's easy to spend someone else' money.

I guess they think they can collect more in taxes by paying them more. Dumb.

It just proves insanity doesn't run in America, it GALLOPS!I FLUSHED A LIBERAL TODAY!

LOL   the democrats in Kalifornia just dont get it do they....???

Liberals Utopia .HA!

Stockton also received permission from the bankruptcy judge to lower wages and cut pensions but the union bought city council balked at that. San Bernardino's city council is also union bought so the odds of their union brothers receiving wage and pension cuts is unlikely.

Only in the Peoples Republik of Kalifornia.....

I would say "only in California" but this #$%$ happens in every major city, county and state.Pay levels has to be within a certain percentage of the average wage for each position. With each pay increase,it raises the average for the next round of pay increases

What can anyone say about Dems and Californication?

Politicians eager to get  re-elected made promises that were too extravagant and now must face the music. After all it wasn't their money, but the taxpayers.

The brain power of our public servents will never fail to amaze.

Unions...dont you just love emThis is understandable, after all California cities only exist to support their public sector employees and their union, and pentions.

Here you see the liberal mentality at work. You liberals are nothing but a giant cluster F..K.

California is a liberal's wet dream.

San Bernarnadino is a mess, why their elected Council cannot vote for the betterment of the city makes them look like Detroit! Same thing there, maybe BK court can push this back.Sanberdo is not a weathy city, its actually a bit of a  dump, some nice areas, but a lot of older homes, not a lot of money.  Years ago, someone from that area, told me that all the Doctors etc from SB lived in Riverside.  People used to go there for the climate ( 1920s to 1950's), not now!

California will be the first state to collapse but they will be "too big to fail" and drag the rest of the U.S. down with them. The government must learn to spend within their means.

Sounds like our Federal Gov. Just keep spending what you don't have!

Many areas in California are like this and when they pass an amnesty, they'll move to your State, bringing perpetual pregnancy and Barrio Banging. From the Census Bureau:San Bernardino (city), CaliforniaPersons of Hispanic or Latino origin, percent, 2010 (b)  60.0%

So what do they plan on paying the raises with?  California-style IOUs?

The key:  "Council members have received donations from unions..."  say no more.The unions bought the right to raid the city treasury, and they are giving some of their loot to the council members, and taxpayers have to deal with the resulting bankruptcy issues.I don't think someone is operating in good faith, and can only hope the bankruptcy judge says the same thing and rolls back the increases.  California:  left a long time ago and never looked back.  Nice to visit, wouldn't live there.

And the ignorant,arrogant,dumb continue to be dumber. They are so acting like....Obama. Spend,spend,spend soon it will all come crumbling down on them. What are bankrupt cities going to do when they can't pay their.....police and fire departments?  Chaos will reign.We are bankrupt so lets raise wages!  Kind of sounds like democrats are running it!

California has it all. Stout lesbos, slim homos,  fruits, nuts, tri/quadsexuals (ducks) angry africans, drunk mexicans, and of course, the whackos from hollywood. Its all there

Thats what happens when you elect officials with ties to the union firefights and police.

This is what happens when Unions are allowed to bully state and local government agencies.  We need to take a close look at union pensions and make the same adjustments to pension funds that Obama is making by increasing taxes.  Why should they be allowed to get away without suffering along with the rest of us?

They should just file for bankruptcy every month then

What is wrong with these people!!

If this is a example of how democrats do their budgeting no wonder so many homes went into foreclosure. This city is a fine example of pure stupidity on the liberal side.

Don't you just love the way Democrats think? They're all Marxists, money isn't real to them!

If they're broke, where did they get the money?

This is what happens when the public sector is allowed to join a union.My God, can this get any crazier? What are people thinking? What are the police and firemen unions thinking? This has to be a scenario where everyone is thinking, "Better get what I can now and to he!! with the future".

Bend over - residents-- here comes another property tax hike. Governments don't know how to negotiate their unions - they are afraid of the police and firemen. Negotiate for the people or dump the unions - at any cost- just save the town.

Like obama and nancy have so well stated,"we don't have a spending problem"!!! just give us all of your money and we will take care of our friends!!!

Caution: Liberals at work.

The union at their best...I wonder if the lib dems understand the absurdity of this article... This is what happen when politicians get money from the union...No wonder they are still supporting Obama...

If it ain't broke give it to democrats.They can ruin anything.

The insanity of liberalism on display.

All for the public workers again. Remember you work 4 hours a day for their benefit.

Sick! Cut and fire!

Has the pathway to citizenship broke your dumd A@@ES?"..we don’t have an immediate crisis in terms of debt." B.H.O. 3/13/13

Calpers sees themselves as a unique entity above everyone... a fantasy viewpoint

This is your brain on liberalism!  Now the rest of you idiots who voted for this do the same..... spend money you don't have and see how long that lasts!

They'll just slurp the money out of Obama's johnson.

Its California..Money grows on trees out there, doesn't it?

Is this how Ghost Towns are created?

Simple, fire them all and go to a "volunteer" system.  People are still going to want protection; they can volunteer for it like other small townships do.  The first responder’s bargaining organizations and Cal-pers can go jump off the “fiscal cliff” of their own making.

Don't you love Cali.

There's fuzzy math, and there's stupid math. Can you figure out which category this falls under? This would never happen in the private sector unless your objective was to go out of business, or you were connected to politicians, like banks for instance.

I'd like to know how much of this city's population is on welfare/WIC/food stamps etc. Also,  how many illegals are there. You have a police/FD union that feels entitled to whatever they want and a corrupt city council that can't do basic arithmetic. Mix them together and you have Barack Obama's version of America.The city government is just like congress, spend what you don't have and pray for the best.

Lunacy rules in San Bernardino for sure.

someone needs jail time

LIBERALS, spend spend spend and look to Obama to bail them out.ps: If the charter locked in a low property tax rate for the common people they would have no trouble working around that!

Typical Democratic thinking. We are broke so let's just keep spending.

Gotta love em. Keep those public sector union guys happy on the backs of the poor.

They should raise minimum wage to $10 - $15 as well. Why the hell not? They don't have a spending problem either.

They could follow the Obama model and sell out to China.

Ah ,going on the Obama theory..there is no debt or spending problem...priceless!!

Stupid is as stupid does.  Well I guess we know where all the incompetent elected officials are in this country.....blue states.If you knowingly sign a contract for something you cannot afford then you are committing fraud.When politicians sign contracts they put everyone but themselves on the hook for it.  In my opinion both are committing fraud.

Surprise, Surprise, Surprise! Let's steal some more money Sergent Carter.

I'm more interested in when the price of gas is going down.

All government pensions should be eliminated, along with free medical benefits. Let the parasites pay COBRA and draw SS or go without, like everyone else.

Only in La-La Land under Governor Moonbeam could this happen.  Ridiculous display of government irresponsibility and ineptness.

Are you kidding me? Budegt problems and a pay increase fpr city employees? They have a common sense problem and leaders that have no fundemental skills as leaders. They need to put a stop to pay increases, no overtime and no new hires. The city can still function with furlough days for ALL city employees.

And San Bernardino? LARGE concentration of Latinos and illegal aliens. That's what's waiting for the rest of the Country when they pass amnesty. Nobody with any money wants to move into Barrio Banger territory.

Any wonder why liberals are in self destruction mode?

And the Unions are good, their is as corrupt as the corporation dictators of years ago that only thought of themselves and profits, Democrats cannot let go of that union money even if it means destroying their city and betraying the people that elected them.

the city wants the state and fed to bail them out of their mess. Its probably a haven for illegalsWhat's the problem ? They're doing this to pacify the unions ...which is priority one in California anyway ...and there's no real downside , the city is already bankrupt so the cops and firemen will get their money , pension upgrades ,whatever ....and the price will ultimately be paid by bondholders , the city could care less about them .

Last decent one out turn off the lights.  Let the liberals have their utopia.It's time, past time, to stop the theft.

And anyone is surprised why????  The are following the lead of the "no tours" White House.  If you dont have it, spend it anyway....typical BLUE state / BLUE City...Democrats...nothing new here...Detroit, Stockton, Memphis, etc....all of the cities going broke all have that in common...Democrat run for years and years....

That city is dominated Democrats. Figures.

Can't get blood from a turnip.

only in california

Must be using the Nobama budget plan.

Democrat rule = inmates running the asylum,eg giving pay-rise to employees while bankrupt.

You know that you live in a city run by the mentally disabled if the government thinks that the way out of bankruptcy is to spend more of the tax payers money.

Oh that is brilliant you dumbaxx MFs. That is the reason you are in bankruptcy."It mandates that pay for safety workers must be tied to salary levels for 10 similar- sized California cities, all of which are wealthier than San Bernardino." Let me get this, you have a lower tax base and your broke - and you decide to give a pay raise....only in govt. Those folks are insane!

Ridiculous.  Nothing else to say.

Typical.stupid democratically controlled city,Bank is empty,but they still have checks in the book, so they write more checks. no wonder this state is going to hell .Moon beam now wants to build another jail for one BILLION,and turn the old one,into a SCHOOL for the inmates. and we are BROKE&gt;

Open up both fire and security services to a fully competitive free market.  These protected parasites should be shown the door.  Neither police nor firemen have even one of the top 10 riskiest jobs in the US.  They are way down the list.  80% of firemen nationwide are VOLUNTEERS.  Those are REAL heroes.  And as for the donut eaters.  All they do is serve the government.  They do not care about the safety of the citizens, and if they are like every other police force, they are likely on the take from drug dealers and commit their fair share of felonies and violent abuse of the citizens they are supposed to serve.  Get rid of all the worthless, rights-violating laws (like drugs, prostitution, gambling, running a lemonade stand, selling raw dairy products, etc.) and you could slash the police force by 75% at least.

lots of houses for sale there soon. If the people cannot stop the maddness they might as well leave.

Wait until Detroit unfolds or better yet Illinois.

While pensions might have precedence, pay raises do not. The Democrats who approve such stupid budget items should be the first to go when the state has to pay their bills. But don't hold your breath waiting for that to happen.

"They argue that police and firefighters would leave San Bernardino if they were not paid wages similar to other cities."Without considering that everyone ELSE would leave such a poorly managed city?

I could tell you EXACTLY why San Bernardino is bankrupt, but I will be labeled a racist...oh hell with it, it's because of all the lazy, illegal, gang banging, #$%$ roach like breeding, filthy border hopping taco chimps!

Stupid do do as Stupid does do...Making  public employees 1%ers.

Another great city in Mexifornia.

Their "CHARTER", makes about as much sence as the Congressman,that sign a Pledge !.

I'm broke - where's my money?

lol...another lib city ruled by corrupt unions

Let the illegals take over. They do it cheaper. Isn't that what we want?

let them leave the city filed for bankruptcy so ALL pay  increases are freeze, other city employ's such as water,street,parks and rec DO NOT get those 12% &amp; 13% raises

Must all be democrats there

They all see Obama doing it, so they will also try doing it.  This is exactly what Obama wants to see.

do u live in the high desert city any of u ?I believe this is called "Dumb &amp; dumber".  Or maybe "What happens when Democrats run a city".

The problem in California is public unions, pure and simple. Change the city charter. In addition, Governor Jerry Brown, when he was Governor the first time, was the driving force behind public union creation. Of course this was all for political purposes. Wake up California!

Guess they need to start writing more tickets now to pay for the raises. Grass a 1/4 inch too high, that will be a $250 fine. 1 mph over the speed limit. I got it, they can charge for showing up to calls. Give each cop a mobile credit card reader and when they show up they can ask if that will be cash or credit. The old adage it isnt a spending problem, it's a revenue problem must still ring true.

It's time for all public employee unions to be disbanded.  Sure there are a lot of ones serving good people but the sad fact is that nobody has control over the amount of money being paid out.  All these unions need to do is get the person most likely to give them a raise elected.  That doesn't happen in the private sector.

The Freeocrats party of stupidity is at it again!

lol, look to detroit. that is where america is headed.

Clearly a City Council run by Demotards.  Obama must be beaming, oversized ear to oversized ear.

I hardly believe that Police, and Fire workers are tied to the 10 highest paid Cities by it's Charter.  I would think it is a Contract issue with the Unions.  Of course the Unions don't want that attention directed to them at a time the City is Bankrupt.  They need to reorganize, and live within their means, and there is no way California can bail them out !  Let the Police, and Fire personnel leave if they want. They will have a hard time finding another job just like everyone else !

the people that run that city are all corrupt.

City Municipal Unions are like Mafiaoso.They get sweet heart deals from Democrat elected officials who then get kick backs in the form of union contributions to Democrat candidates.The scheme plays itself over and over between unions and elected Democrats leaving out any concern for the taxpayers who fund it.Then one day, they find out they have no more money. Does that wake them up from their Union drunken stupor?Obviously not, as this case proves.The "City Fathers" continue to vote hugh salaries and benefit packages even though the city is bankrupt!!!  Of course, they think "someone" will pay.That means a sucker from another conmmunity that still has a tax base and revenue. And if everyone in California goes Bankrupt then Obama will pay them with Federal stimulus money the way he did Wisconsin Teachers when that State could no longer the union pay and benefit increases. Then Scott Walker was elected and the scheme ended.spending more money than you make never ends well. Better to take a cut in wages and get the raises when things get better. A job is still a job and better than no job.

City council members know all too well. If they don't acquiesce to pay increases for police and fire, they might be roughed-up in the middle of the night by a surprise invasion of SWAT at their homes. San Bernadino is also the crystal meth capitol of the west.

Sounds like a good socialist town.

The liberalism disease again, where reality doesn't exist, just completely illogical nonsense and idiotic decision-making. They obviously think the problem will somehow fix itself, magically.

Hopefully the bankruptcy judge sees through this BS and rolls back those pay raises.  And also hopefully the citizens of San Bernardino will remember which members of the city council are in the unions pockets and vote those bums out and revoke the city charter in the next election.

This is what happens when politicians have no restraints on spending other people's money.  ALL politicians have forgotten that they are in the business of PUBLIC service, not self service.

this place is just begging for a bail out , bet they get one

alriiiiiiiiiiiight !!!!!!!!!!!! hit the gas right before you go over the cliff ......................................

Hah...raises for everybody, all we have to do is raise taxes on the working stiffs!

Idiots are running the government.Based on this stupidity the petition for bankruptcy should be dismissed. If they have enough for raises, they can pay their bills.

My X wife lives there and is underwater to the tune of about 300k on her house !!  HOW YA DOING HONEY !!!!!!  BAAAAA HHHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAAHAHAHAHAAAAA

Yahoo is being very discreet, or very liberal loyal, by not mentioning the fact that, of course, the city is controlled by democrats as is Stockton, San Jose, Antioch and San Diego to name a few of the other bankrupt California cities.  The dems sure have this bankruptcy thing down pat - and guess where Jerry Brown is taking the state and obama is taking the country?  You get one guess and it's not in the direction of solvency and prosperity.  The dem formula of big government and big entitlements and big union benefits does not work!

This could be a TV show.

Ghetto city with crooked politicans.

Just democrats doing what they do best..buy the votes no matter the cost to tax payers..auto pilot government..obamas sequester..social workers, socialists..facts don't matter..move to Texas, or another red state and get out of ca., it's bad for tax payers..

Higher Taxes compound the Problems  not fix them

This is a city that is F'd up to the max.   I know

Bet it was the Democrats who THUNK that charter up........

Screw the citizens and more power (cash) to the politiciansAnd then the voters will re-elect a majority of those idiots in the next election!

of course they did....

My opinion, like it or not. This is where the Unions are wrong. In a case like this, to demand the raises take place is a joke. What will this mean? Now there will be cuts in manpower, the only way to cover the increase in pay. Or, it could lead to eliminating the police and fire depts, and the coverage will come from the county. This means, instead of increases, now its tax increases, unemployment, job loss, less police and fire coverage, delays in response, increase in crime, etc. This is why some companies have folded, Unions demanding pay increases and no way to cover it. Just look at the recent Hostess story and the old saying-you can't get blood out of a turnip, the same goes for no way to cover increases, good by jobs..

Maybe San Bernardino should levy a 10% tax on savings accounts.

The firefighters and cops don't care they got theirs. How about if they save their city from going bankrupt. Then I would consider them heroes.

always spend money you don't have... only on the left coast and ran by demoncrats

They consulted with the Federal Overlord's staff.  The staff suggested that they stop using simple math to calculate their budget and begin using Algebra because you cannot manipulate numbers using simple math.

I blame the ppl of SB as much as I blame the city officials. The ppl keep voting the same Demonrats in, over &amp; over &amp; over again. Did they really expected a different results?

only in calif. could this happen.

"Bankrupt San Bernardino approves over $1 million in pay hikes"Diffidently Democrat logic and a primary reason I sold the business, home and moved out of that village being looked out for by the child.Why not when they know they'll get some kind of bailout or stewardship like Detroit and other cities that have been facing financial troubles.

Fiscally AND morally bankrupt~!

Where does the money come from , to meet these new pay raises???? the "public" unions remind me of the bakers union at hostess!!! the trouble is that the police and firemen know they all wont be fired, the oldest will still be retained and the young will be let go!!!! reminds me of a group of 10 employees that had to take a budget cut, so the 9 with the most time voted to lay off 1 man and not lose any pay!!!!

Care to guess who is running the show out there. Could it possibly be enlightened Democrats?

remember when southern California was a nice place to live?

Keep voting D!  Your not bankrupt enough yet.

Omg the stupidity just doesn't end..

Well the lesson on how not to run a city is right in front of us. I hope they aren't wondering why they are broke.

Where did they get that formula for turning gold into lead?

Obviously these people that approved the pay hikes don't have to budget a household or the household would be bankrupt!Free everything can't go on forever. Maybe Obama will find an excuse to bail them out. And we all know where the feds money comes from. That is going to run out too.

Another "Tony Soprano" style shake-down from the crooks and thugs in the public unions.It's time to stop this stealing of the taxpayers money!

The corrupt fire fighter and police unions are bankrupting America.It's time to cut back their salaries and benefits to be on par with those of most Americans.  We can't afford their thievery any longer!

"Council members argue that police and firefighters would leave San Bernardino if they were not paid wages similar to other cities."These are not nuclear scientists. They are cops and firemen. People who want those jobs - and I can guarantee you there are many - can be trained to be cops and firemen.These are not "irreplaceable" employees.

But its for the children.

Oh H no . .you cant spend more than u take in  . .  simple fact they need to understand. .  . anything else will lead to society ruin and civil war!

Jerry Brown raise taxes again , californian are dumb and stupid to know any better , if they don't like it , all you have to say is rich people are bad , poor people are good, they fell for that one every time, SUCKERS......

I think, if I owned property there, I'd make a symbolic property tax payment of $1.00.That would be it for the year, then make it up next year. but the following would be another $1.00.

the band on the titanic still playing

Oh heck we all know that oBLAMMER WILL BAIL THEM OUT - I mean they are all freaks that support a freak bigger than they are!  NO ONE IS SURPRISED!"Council members opposing a charter change have received campaign contributions from police and fire unions in past elections."In other words those councilmembers work for the unions and not the taxpayers.

Bankrupt, Democratic Party-controlled city approved a pay hike to Democratic Party affiliated union jobs.Not surprised one bit.

Unless the other cities are hiring, I doubt the policemen and firefighters are going anywhere especially to re-start with no seniority after paying moving expenses.

These officials are nuts!     I do not know who is worse the elected officials or the people who put them into office.

How much to the city manager , city council and the likes ?

California--you are so pathetic.

Really?  This explains why they are bankrupt!

The insanity of liberalism continues.

I doubt very much that they have that many police and firefighters to receive almost a million dollars in raises. I wonder where that money is really going

That's funny were broke lets give ourselfs pay raises only taxpayer money !Bankrupt Equals no raise!!

It doesn't really matter because they'll soon be out a job anyway!

I'm sure Von's and Safeway will be thrilled at taking the vouchers again.  Detroit West.

Government employes bankrupt cities and hold taxpayers hostage should be the headlines, so who's working for who?

Do not approve their bankruptcy and the police and firefighters should be ashamed to be part of this approval.

Who do they think they are, Detroit ?

Hmmmmm? I wonder if this will work with my bank and my checking account? Yah never know til you try? Maybe 'just'" maybe? Yes!

The liberals answer to being broke, spend more money they don't have ....yep real smart ...NOT

Wow! How does the dumb get dumber every day. You can't fix stupid! Broke, and no money, still voting for raises. Such selfish liberals.

HA HA HA HA AH HA ROFL HAHAHA HEHEHEObama at the helm, I hope you like your change.Affirmative action results and greedy democrats and supporters of the muslim sodomite obama..

where's the money going to come from. the city residents must sell a pint of blood apiece to make up for the money

Go CA, go!!  Show us the way to TOTAL irresponsibility and financial collapse!

Go figure?

we might be looking at a 5% across the board cut for starters........

Sounds too familiar.

Is their anybody with any common sense in San Bernardino?

Time to start jailing liberal politicians for theft.  It's the only way we can stop them.

Only in California and Wahington D C

San Bernardino has turned into a cesspool.  I was in the downtown area two weeks ago and it has gone way down hill.  Open prostitution and gang activity, trash all over the streets, the local mall is empty of stores and decaying historical buildings every where.  it's never been high class; but this was just sad especially since I can remember what it was before this.   BTW -- not a cop in sight.Federal Government Model

Unchallenged liberal democrats....like watching the baboon cage at the zoo.

Let them go bankrupt and let the next town take them over and teach them some fiscal responsibility.

"Council members opposing a charter change have received campaign contributions from police and fire unions in past elections."  Business as usual: unions bribing elected offal.

Oh, the delicious irony that Calpers, whose employees' labor contracts and pension obligations are largely responsible for the cities'  financial woes, is being stung by worthless municipal bonds it bought from those same cities.

If this wasn't so sad it would be hilarious.  You tell people the city is broke, you show everyone the city is broke by filing bankruptcy...but despite all that we simply must provide $1 million in pay hikes because of something in the city charter.

The question is: why wouldn't they. They'll ride that gravy train till all the money runs out.

If Wall Street can pay their executives/workers millions/billions of dollars from Federal Bailout monies, why can't San Bernardino.    Looks like they're taking a page right out of Congress/Wall Street.

One only has to consider who the idiots in California elect as leaders to know full well why the entire state is broke.

Ah, ignorant democrats ... they always believe they can either steal more and tax more, and someone else will pay the bills.Welcome to the world of progressive liberals.

Gee! Could it be the Unions are behind this stupidity supported by Gov. Brown a Democrat? Once again, the Democrats show their true colors of greed and selfishness. But the people of San B. voted for these Democrats who have succeeded in destroying the economy with their careless spending.

"despite claims it can barely make payroll" - either all lies,or the dumbest people on earth.

Have to keep the unions happy so we can be re- elected.  Socialist liberal progressive way of thinking. It's the only way any of them can get reelected.  Buy those votes.

Perhaps it would be mercyful if california did fall into the ocean.

.....agian, you get what you vote for.  Just can't make this stuff up.

Unions, haven't we had about enough of them.  They are driving us bankrupt and have their hands out demanding more.  The teached unions have destroyed our public educational system.

Dumb &amp; Dumber describes this atrocity to another community in America. California is already know as "The Land of the Koo-Koos". Enough said!

Obviously san bernadino liberals do not understand what a bankruptcy means. This could disqualify them.

how about when the firefighters are putting out infrequent fires they mow a lawn, clean a toilet, pick up some road way garbageDem philosophy at its finest. We're bankrupt? Oh, well spend more money, then.

Mean while the little mom and pop business that where owed money by them go broke.

Unions will kill all of the rest of us, its all about there needs and the rest of us paying for them and the idiot pol's who are paid off by the unions to stay in office.

City councils are usually made up of people to lazy to work. I remember the Detroit city council coming into cambers so fat and slow, that the meeting was over, before the last morbidly obese one was seated. Never mind they never did any productive work and where corrupt to the heavens.

Liberal Math is very Strange.. Just like their own assessment  of the unemployment numbers...Or the 19 trillion in Debt..

Public Union Employees = Welfare Recipients..

Future Detroit.

There will be a mass movement pf people to red states..........

Under Obama, Progressives are awarding their relatives they got government positions with $100,000 salaries with no Recourse.  The Courts are filled with Progressives, so no lawsuits are allowed.  Gov Moonbeam in CA will block any criminal action.

Liberals have no concept of what bankrupt means. Apparently they think it means they should spend more money.Corruption. Lavish spending. Could care less attitudes. These people are sick.

Like other California state and municipal entities, San Bernadino is assuming that there'll eventually be a federal bailout--i.e., that the American taxpayers will be put on the hook to pay for California's inept financial governance.

Heck, where I live the police and fire officials have elevated their salaries to the point they are now among the top 10% highest paid in the city; along with all the department directors. Talk about obscene. They must think we don't notice.

Wow!!!! Really???? Is it manditory for politicians to be nothing more than mindless puppets to bad ideologies, corporations, bankers and the U.N.?

That city &amp; county is such a sewer.  A raise for "manager" HAHAHA your retirement pay is based on a percentage (depending on how many years you were employed) of your ending salary BTW.

THEY ACT JUST LIKE OUR SUPPOSED "LEADERS" IN WASHINGTON!!!!!

Hey, if our United States Congress can do it everyday, why not San Bernandino?

Any wonder that this happens to any entity run by a politcal  party made up almost entirely of people who can't read a P &amp; L and Balance Sheet.

#$%$???????

Typical california move.  Dont forget these are the same idiots that voted to increase their own taxes. That state has a death wish. Its worse than MichiganEvery time our fire department wants more money they claim you will die in your home if the tax levy does not pass.They almost never go on any calls and are a huge drain on the working class property owner. That's California for you.

"They argue that police and firefighters would leave San Bernardino if they were not paid wages similar to other cities."HIGHLY unlikely, since MOST cities/municipalities are in a hiring freeze. Even  IF they all left at the same time - cops and firemen - there are not enough job openings in those fields to warrant concern. Sounds to me like these politicians are getting a LOT more kick-backs than just campaign contributions to keep these "public servants" pay so high...

great idea hey we still have checks left doesnt that mean we still have money ? How do these idiots get the job, oh thats right we have Obama.

Make it 2 Million broke is still broke.

Liberal utopia.  See where it gets you.

They should do what the Federal Government does; just print more money and spend like there is no tomorrow.

That is the way to deal with the budget problem. stupid liberals!  I have not had a pay raise in 6 years at my company.  our company is hurting.  They are not going to give pay raises while the profit is down.  Why is this town fleecing these taxpayers like this?  What a bunch of sleaze bags.

Are they for real?   Yes, firefighters and police are very important; but believe me, they definitely get a decent salary; and if everyone else has to suffer, they should join the club.

Greed is one thing, but corruption to satisfy greed is another. Our system needs an overhaul... it appears they're no longer working to serve us but only themselves!

you people are a joke and have no business running a city. you are trying to spend money you don't have. What do you think you are the federal government?It's time for all public employee unions to be disbanded.  Sure there are a lot of ones serving good people but the sad fact is that nobody has control over the amount of money being paid out.  All these unions need to do is get the person most likely to give them a raise elected.  That doesn't happen in the private sector.

Land of Fruits and Nuts is getting what it deserves.  Liberal democraps have touted their utter stupidity for years and now it's time pay the piper.  Let the whole state go bankrupt and fold.  Watch the illegals return home and the liberal democraps wander around aimlessly without their free handouts from a government that no longer exists.

They got what they voted for.  Like having that herpes Obama,

A worker's pay, and "deferred compensation" such as a pension plan and retiree health benefits are part of one's pay, is subordinate to debt service.  I'm sure San Bernadino could work this all out if it weren't for the fact that the voters are allowed to decide to pay back what they borrowed, because of state constitutional provisions limiting taxation.

F----- libs.......dumber than a bag of hammers....not to mention, no ethics or morals.  Giving raises, refusing to change the charter because of campaign contributions and all the while filing for bankruptcy......f------ dirt bags...

Common sense again? Poof it is gone.

"They argue that police and firefighters would leave San Bernardino"...so what?  Hire new people...

They just pulled a page from the Whitehouse playbook. Maybe they don't believe that they have an immediate debt crisis!!!!!

If any of the County Supervisors are arrested, they will cry Racism as they are not white.

1/3rd of welfare receipients in the county of 2 million are Illegal and are allowed because most of the welfare managers are Related to them.CORRUPT

As long as Moonbean is Gov, the CORRUPT in San Berdoo have nothing to worry about.

San Berdoo... 50% Illegal Immigrants they allow to vote and 50% previous LA Ghetto.  200,000 people together would still be #$%$ if they were one person.

The picture in the article says a thousand words.  It is the best pic of that town.  CORRUPT with firemen making $120,000/yr-- they are Union.  Gert your car towed... $500

This is typical Ca.....the politicians here are all corrupt. They have as many democrats in jail as Detroit. But I blame the people....they get promised freebies and they vote for these quacks. It's sad. They can't blame republicans out here. There aren't any. The dems have run this state for 50 years and they have run it in the ground.

A local goverment  being held hostage by cops and robbers, makes for a nice headline

you gotta love American government.even if there is no money, THEY KEEP WRITING THE CHECKS.

Sure, I'm broke but I'll give everyone a raise in salary. How are they going to pay everyone? Oh wait, WELFARE &amp; FOOD STAMPS. LMAO

Sounds like a few years ago the city bought off the police and firefighter unions with an absolute sweetheart of a deal, because the elected idiots figured the money would continue to roll in forever and were even stupider to tie the pay to those first responders in far richer cities (as in better tax bases).  Schmucks.  Irvine-esque salary living in San Berdoo?  The first responders are living well, likely better than a vast majority of the population of San Berdoo.

Many more weak cities will continue to file for BK ans well and the State of California once the truth of Jerry Browns lies are apparent, then the United States. The house of card is getting shaky people and will continue to crumble as long as you keep voting for the idiot politicians.Well if you're bankrupt what does it hurt to give raises. The courts will drop them in restructuring.

Wonder what grade level math these people can do? Obviously they did not graduate from high school or if they did graduate, they were moved through a faulty educational system.

UNIONS run the government. When will the Libertards do the math? The only solution, taxes must be too low. cut-cut-cut. if you are overworked and underpaid, go elsewhere.

No sympathy here. You elect bloodsuckers, you get sucked.

Right up there with Illinois&gt;  Our governor cannot even close money loising government institutions untill he consults the unions to judge what effect it will have on them.  Utter madness.....

It's insanity.

lol

Public sector unions showing the taxpayers who's boss. The implosion of this once great country won't be pretty.

Where commies rule, citizens are pawns

This is the poster child of where America is heading.....they cant pay their current salaries or the light bill but want to increase wages by 1 Million...sound familiar? Obama and Nancy say we dont have a spending or debt problem, repeat that 17 Trillion times and counting. We are doomed with this liberal spending spree.....Can't wait till this moronic "state' slides into the ocean!

Stupid government.  These folks would fit right in across the country in DC.

Sounds  like  the  fed  you  are  broke  but  your  politicos  and  federal  employees  keep  getting  raises  they  all  drink  the  same  kool  aid    my  my  my  my  my................

How stupid!

Corruption and insanity in the golden west.

Keep voting democrats.  They do not care since it is not their money.

and this is why people can't give themselves pay raises in govt or in the private sector....OK bad govt officials.  scold them.  take away the pay increase.  remove them from office and pass laws that only voters can raise their pay.  ta da  Same goes all state and federal govt.  along with term limits that are two or  possibly four year

fk  that state

It is Kalifornicators making the decisions. Did anyone expect sanity in fiscal policy, or any other policy for that matter?

Insanity= Doing the same thing over and over expecting a different outcome.Another blue state, blue city, democrat controlled, union run, WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?

maybe they don't get the math?

Show some respect for these heros who sit on their butt all day

You can't fix stupid!

Rejoice San Bernardino!  You voted for liberalism and you are getting it.  Hey..you just have to pay your fair share so these city managers can make their 150k.   Just think,  like minded morons like these are proposing trillions in tax hikes, trilions more in spending, and 22 dollar an hour minimum wage at the fed level.  But keep drinking the liberal kool aide!  Line up and get your lap dog media spoon feeding!

"death spiral"  no one will move there with the mess, house prices fall more, tax base lower,  pretend raises.............and so on

More insanity from Kali.  When a city like San Boo is populated mostly by illegal aliens and the African-American underclass, is it any wonder that the tax base is insufficient for the city to survive, especially when you add greedy public-sector unions and corrupt politicians to the mix?

Federal worker UNIONS by by the same Gangster rules, then blame the rich for not paying their fair share. On occasion they get a puppet President who owes big favors and buys into their position. Eliminate ALL government Unions=problem solved.

Nobody in California has learn economics 101.Liberal Arts is the thing they teach.If you don't have a State or Government Job and you voted for Jerry Brown, Your a #$%$Jerry Brown wants higher taxes the people vote for it.Then they wonder where are all the good jobs.If your employer is force to pay higher taxes there is less for you.WAKE UP Please!

I'm all for the police and fire dept. but these contracts have got to start taking in the financial stability of all cities from year to year and not just be blanket raises tied to the cost of living. If suffering was shared by everyone and not just non-government positions, government workers might be more inclined to do the right thing from year to year.Wow, the city councilmen and women worked at night for this?  Fantastic!  Now let's see what they do for their own pay raises.  I wonder though, in this age were work is hard to find, that these city councilmen and women really believe that no one will want to work in the police and fire departments because the pay is less than what they would receive in Beverly Hills?I believe that there are men and women who would work for lower wages in the police and fire departments, I know for a fact that the city councilmen and women have been given bribes by the police and firemen unions to raise their pay.Corruption is alive and well in California and San Bernardino.

What do you people expect, you voted for these Democrats who are stealing the taxpayers blind.

Diversity....isn't it just wonderful?

Unfortunately, the majority of people are and have always been IDIOTS!

Spend it like you got it until they take it away.

....  " UNION'S  .....

Unions should NOT be allowed to give campaign contributions to politations. That is wrong at all levels.

I remember when people were scared that California might one day fall into the ocean. Now people wish for it.

Yep the land of fruits and nuts

Gotta love Kalifornia. These are the same people who tell you how "intellectual" they are.funny how far down the list this appears on Yahoo news.  It should be the lead story because every liberal city will be treading this path shortly.

Not only no, but hell no !

So what, their King Obama can just print more, or rob those with more.  He has the printing press and the pen.

Council members opposing a charter change have received campaign contributions from police and fire unions -- this one line states to problem here.  Does anyone besides me see it?? --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- UNIONS

How many other decisions they make are unresonable?

may I have a job application, please?

Being a non-government worker, I can't imagine what it would be like to work a job for 20 years, not save a penny for retirement,  and retire with full Salary and benefits for the rest of my life. I wish my retirement was in the hands of taxpayers (who have bottomless pockets)  as opposed to being in the hands of the kind caring people on Wall Street.

Notice in reports of San Bernardino's financial drain that firefighters and cops get blamed, with no mention that 40% of the city's population is on some form of public assistance.

This is liberal government and unions working together to destroy America . How else would you view it? They just increased taxes there also now they will again. And again. And again.....etc

"They argue that police and firefighters would leave San Bernardino if they were not paid wages similar to other cities." The old "where are you going to find talent as good as me" argument. Fine. Let 'em go! Problem over!I have lived in CA for over 10 years. We have family here and I love the weather.  BUT the majority of people that vote and who they elect are about has crazy as they come.  How can this happen? All I can say is...only in California.

Californian's keep showing how bright they are

Sounds like D.C. to me!

Y not?  The rest of the state is full of Nuts, Fruits, and Illegal aliens!  Go ahead and act trigger rich, just like ODumbo does!

getting raises while bankrupt an OXIMORON..are they idiots or what...fire their #$%$

I guess we should be glad they did not tie their salaries to the pay of the ten top paid CEOs at the big investment banks or the top ten paid Saudi Arabian Family Members.  What a joke.  If you are bankrupt you do not go out and buy a new car and a new Rolex.  You are made to sell things.  Then again this is the same city that just hired a city manager at a hefty salary who has already been in personal bankruptcy twice.  The hard working tax payers in San Bernardino need to really rise up and get all these jokers out of the city government.

Kali-fornica....delusional ...at best...

When you see contracts like that - you know they are trying to get something for nothing.  Who would've okayed the contract?  Reminds me of GM in the 1960's whenever the local plant walked-out - GM would roll over and give them everything they wanted.  Use to drive my old man crazy.  He always said, "They have to pay for it some day."  Too bad he died the year before GM folded.  All I can say is - Thank God it's California.

San Bernardino used to have the moniker:  "All American City"............  Where else but in California where we elect losers twice, increase taxes on ourselves over and over again, built trains to nowhere that get there very fast...............  California politics is like a bowl of granola......  what is not fruits and nuts is flakes.

Give to the unions, take from the taxpayers...what a great system...Just imagine, this is the kind of stupidity that America voted for in Oblamer.

Thank you ba wacko bama.........

all the cops are corrupt too!!

In other news, Enron increased employee pay by $1 billion.

People will get a pay raise and be out of work in a week. Save your pennies...

What else is new in California? A Feinstein and Nancy Pelosi domain

Sell San Bernardino to Mexico for $10,000.00 and split the money up between creditors.Cheat vendors out of money owed to them to give raises to others goes beyound any word that could be used to describe that loony bin country of California.

Who the hell is running the store?   He/She should be fired before dawn

Spending money they don't have is pretty normal for California - the state that gave us Nancy Pelosi, Diane Feinstein, Barbara Boxer, Maxine Waters, Jerry Brown.....

I like when liberals argue that cops and firemen will move if they don't get paid enough by a certain locality; but that taxpayers will never move no matter how their jurisdiction raises their taxesI guess they think if Osoma can do it they can to.

this kind of mentality is exactly why the nation and big cities are going broke. city bankrupt but give everybody a raise anyway ?

Someday we hopefully learn that governments, like people, have to budget.  Government cannot help/protect/provide for everyone all the time - there are limits based on financial constraints.

This country is going bankrupt one city at a time........

California gave us Nancy Pelosi, Diane Feinstein, Barbara Boxer, Maxine Waters, Jerry Brown.....Why would this surprise you?

Pay close attention to California people...The rest of the country under the current administraion will follow suit...

This is what happens when public employee unions influence the political process.

liars is all, just liars

Maybe California is going to switch over to using the imaginary number system.

0+0=0.    How do you get something out of nothing.  If your busted your busted.  Is this the new Math.  Get your heads out of the sand, people!How about this, F, the safety workers.  They are only concerned about the safety of their paychecks and benefits.

The city should pay them in IOU's until their bankruptcy is approved.  Go,da,mn joke all government politicians and workers.  Try working in the private sector and you will find out what work is you co,ck,su,ckers.

to quote Dennis Miller:  "We owe somebody all that money? Screw it...don't pay 'em."

They must all be related to OBongo!

OVER SPENDING? Stop spending money you don't have to spend, and stop going out to fancy Dinners just so you can rub elbows with the not so rich and famous. Come back at the end of the year and see how much money you saved...

That's right, scare the people with claims of decreased personal security and increased response times, it works every time.  The police and firefighters unions have that figured out, and the media sings right along with it.

Maybe they can all pay a fair share of their pension's and retirement now, they have too remember that what they do is just a JOB, nothing more.

Welcome to ca. The dem capital of the country.ca is also the most broke state in the country.you dems do obama proud.

The sad part is that the elected officials also receive the same type benefit packages as the government workers.  We have Tax Consumers taking all the money from the Tax Payers and the Tax Payers are getting fed up but cannot do anything about it and eventually leave the area. The fewer tax payers that are left now have to cough up more to cover the shortage.

I have a brother who is a firefighter.  He an his job are a big joke!  1-2 real fires a year, non-dangerous medical calls, and an occasional trash dumpster fire.  Makes ovber $100K with a gold plated health and retirement plan, works 3 days a week, mostly cooking at the firehouse, waxing the truck, or rolling up the hoses.I always tease him when he's over, asking him if he wants me to make him a HERO SANDWICH.Way to go cops and firemen!  Heroes my #$%$  Con artists is more like it.Hey, what the hell is a few bucks here and there

I'm from San Bernardino.  Not safe to even live there now.  The police and firemen are in the same danger there as in Detroit, or So. LA.....they probably can't get anyone to work for thedepartments unless it is worth it.    Voted the #1 town NOT to raise a child in several yearsago.....need anymore information?

OK Liberals, it's your city, in your state. What happened and how are you going to fix it? Raise taxes again? And again? And again? Or maybe you could borrow some money from Mammoth Lakes or Stockton.

"Council members opposing a charter change have received campaign contributions from police and fire unions in past elections. They argue that police and firefighters would leave San Bernardino if they were not paid wages similar to other cities."FDR was right!

Who is really surprised. When that state seeks help from the feds we better tell em NO WAY! If they can't even begin to recognize they have a problem they sure can't fix it.

Is this a joke? What is wrong with the power elite? Are they all crazy?

And the problem is? Deficit spending is the answer to all problems. Our federal government says so. SPEND AWAY!!!!

Wow give raises hen no money and to managers no less....and not bay retirement fund

could it possibly be the illigals arebleeding the system dry like alot of other places. the politicians arent telling us that last year they calculated the illigals cost the tax payers over 38 billion dollars and they tell us they cant afford to send them home where they belong. the 3000 they let loose from prison are in states that border mexico.  how stupid do these idiots think we are

Liberal tax and spend mentality.  We can tax our way out of debt.  First California then the country, no wait they've been doing it for years at the federal level.god dam dems. at it agian

Another liberal "success story"....

its especially pleasing for many to see the state of california implode. consequences.

Let the police and firefighters leave - there are 100 good men and women to replace each of them

What gutles wonder decided that was a good idea to put something that mindless in the charter??

Must have been a relative of Obama's to suggest something so assinine

just more greed.

yea...that makes sense to me

You just got to love public sector unions.  Another demo city bites the bankruptcy dust for exactly the same reasons.  They are simply clueless as to how to run a city, a state, or a country without bankrupting it.

I lived in San Berdoo several years and loved it. It was a good location, close to the mountains, when you could see them through the smog. They failed to keep the city moving and gangs moved in causing valuable resources to be used to fight them. The two malls were dangerous because of the gangs...such a shame.That's America for ya......

Insanity:  Doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results!

Gotta love the outcome when govt gets in bed with govt workers unions!

Uh........What?

west coast DETROIT

they should issue tickets like a motha....

San Bernardino is a H E L L H O L E.  Abandon property and no revenue.  You can't get Pasadena amounts revenue from Ex cons and drug dealers.The safety crews deserve it. They deal with the low lifes that live there.  As to how they can get it. Sounds like the Excutive staff needs a paycut. Give me a firefighter over a mayor anyday.

fighting over the scraps i see.

LMAO , absolute stupidity before your very eyes.

That ok the feds will give them our tax moneyNo government employee should receive a pension that included all politicians!  Everyone should be on Social Security like the average american!

Monopoly money! WHY DIDN'T I THINK OF THAT?!

Spending- the Califuneral Way!!

Another example of out of control spending that is destroying cities in this country.

The city is afraid of cops and firefighters leaving their cush jobs!  Call me silly, but in this economy, I bet there might be one or two people willing to do their job for the current pay.

Just take a few dollars from the dollar tree in the backyard. That should cover it.

Pay attention Washington....................... Congress and this administration are spening our country into the same situation! Out of control spending is simply UNSUSTAINABLE.

no problem with this... as long as they lay off enough city employees to pay for it....

TYPICAL SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA RED COUNTY

Hahahahaha!It will be interesting how many more local taxing entities will be forced to declare FEDERAL CHAPTER 9 BANKRUPTCY.  I believe the time is come the tax payer realize if they want services on the local, state and federal level, they need to PAY FOR IT. When your house of place of residence catch fire it will burn to the ground because the fire departments have no money for operating expenses. When you get robbed or murdered, no one will come because the police departments do not have any money. When your garbage accumulates because there is no money for it to be picked up. This can go on for 1,000 pages. The bottom line is NO TAX INCOME NO SERVICE. Some one has to pay for all these services from a to z.

They had better pay them or watch their city burn to the ground.

Hahahahaha! You got to love California, that state is so screwed up. The easiest thing for the rest of to do, is to give it back to Mexico. California just drags the rest of us down.

Dumb, meet dumber...

Yep, way to conserve money, I'm sure the Unions will contribute handsomely to keep these fools reelected....

They take the OBAMA LEAD!!! Who needs money we will just RAISE OUR DEBT LIMIT!!! What Idiot's.

Typical California pot heads.

We're broke, so we'll spend more, then everything will be good!!!  These people need to put the crack pipe away.

Place is a toilet!  The Police aren't paid enough! Has anybody seen the city?  Drive through then make a comment!

just more greed.No other options exists but to go bankrupt and get rid of the bureaucrats. They hired as their City Manager a guy who has filed for personal bankruptcy twice, and was fired for not doing the job on some local water board. Somehow, the City Council can't find anyone else but a guy who can't even do the job on some no account water board. They've had other city functionaries indicted for taking bribes from developers. The city is a mess, the LEO's/fire department care only about their pensions and will back whoever will allow them to browbeat City Council members to give them more money. A few years ago, there was a proposal to build a huge lake in the in the middle of the city, due to the fact that the water table is so close to the ground, it made more sense to tear down derelict parts and solve their runoff issues by the creation of the lake. Do it, the people who run this city deserve to be thrown into some major body of water, face first....

what does anyone expect? it's California. the land of the jerky jerks.

and california's state insurance system mandates transgender surgery (an ELECTIVE, SENSELESS procedure).  can't pay their bills, but they can pay to chop off a weiner of a lunatic (which, i suppose, is in EVERYONE'S best interest... we really don't want these "creatures" to reproduce).

$$$ It's free Cash for the Public Sector Pimps once again. Bell CA wasn't enough for you? Reap what you Sow.

i hope this country folds then we will see who servives and who dont

ladies and gentlmen, this is what happens in a democrat controlled state.

i bet they have already shut down libraries &amp; parks!! probably laid off  some of maintenance &amp; public service staff!!

P.S.  YOU CAN'T FIX STUPID.

San Bernadino voters are totally responsible for this. They got the government they voted for and the government they deserve.

It's California..These guys are making money of the thin air and there are lots of thin air in San BernardinoWho calls them stupid please stop taking these pills

If you think this is bad news you all just buckle your seats belts.  When Obama Care fully kicks in and in two years the States are mandated by said law to pay for increasing the size of Medicare, look out!  Can you say epic failure!  Most if not ALL 59 states will be put in default by this extreme move by our "dear leader"!

And no one questions this and holds them accountable?

You play stupid games, you win stupid prizes.

There WILL NOT be another Republican in the White House until 2024 or later.

Great way to come out of bankruptcy.

San Bernadino had to cancel their Christmas play last year! Seems they didn't have 3 wise men or a virgin....

California is bankrupt both morally and financially

Dig a little deeper tax payer, the teachers and public service unions have the politicians in their back pockets.

Spending- the Califuneral Way!!Spending- the Califuneral Way!!

Spending- the Califuneral Way!!

Wow, I understand their hands are tied, but these are the politicians who like having their hands tied. They have not seriously challenged the charter, ever. Why, because the police and fire are the people that get them elected. When SB is a dust bowl, then they will say, maybe there is a better way. So far they have almost destroyed the City, its full of gang members, parolees and criminals, why would anyone want to live there?

What heroes. Sounds like them people need to be saved from the heroes.

,Police, Fire Fighters, and Teacher Unions support pay increases at the on thebacks of the rest of society. All of this is going on while 40 percent of Americans are on Food stamps, does anyone see something wrong ? Are the bosses of the workers being electedby very people that are receiving the most bennies ?

I don't blame the city council for most of this.  I blame the citizens for 1. not keeping and eye on the council, 2. repeatedly voting them back into office, 3. Not taking a stand and saying enough is enough.

outrageous.  San Bernardino is a hellhole anyway.  why would anyone want to go there, much less want to live there.  A complete toilet is what it is.  I was there once and could not wait to get out.  full of losers.

why are homes cheap in san berdo?

How about a few more facts with the story, like , what about the 64 million shortfall? Were the living off the state?

REPUBLICANS RAN CALIFORNIA THE PEOPLE SUFFERED......that is why we are republican free &amp; PROJECT A BUDGET SURPLUS IN 2014 &amp; THE NEXT 4 YEARS ......................BARRING REPUBLICANS DESTROYING THE NATIONSan Bernardino is run by conservatives....what gives??

AND, THE #1 REASON why it is facing Bankruptcy is. . . STOOPID Stuff like this!

They are digging their own grave. and we'll kick them in it and bury them once and forall, Absolute blood suckers. Out law all public sector unions. They work for the people, not the other way around. .  No since of morals, no wonder way the people are leaving. Their goes your tax base. Best thing they could is not renew the contracts, and go right to work.

What's another million when you're already running a $46MM deficit?

California Unions get lucrative government contracts just like Detroit unions.

What a Joke.

What do they care if they bankrupt, the US will bail California/Colorado out no matter what, they depend on these two states to spread their vermin and filth to the rest of the country.

Most if not all Democratic run cities are or near bankruptcy or have crime riddled. It is a fact...google it. If you have 1 dollar to give you can't keep giving 10 dollars to the people it does not work.

At least the fire fighters are getting something.  They should take the money from everyone else in gov't to pay for it.  At least they aren't corrupt.

I will see the fall of Californication in my lifetime.I will see the fall of Californication in my lifetime.

If "the people" voted for gov. workers raises instead of the gov. workers voting for their own raises, EVERYTHING WOULD WORK A WHOLE LOT BETTER!

Wake up liberals!  When are you going to realize the people you vote for do not care about you?  THEY ARE TAKING YOUR MONEY AND WILL THEN LEAVE, AND THEN YOU'LL HAVE NOTHING!  Its like paying the mafia for protection, and then getting robbed by the mafia!  If you don't wake up liberals, don't be offended when the rest of the world won't listen to you!

This is just another bubble that will burst.We are all seeing it happen in other courtiers, the latest being Cyprus. Yet, some public leaders argue that there is no crisis as American people are marched down the same path as Greece, Spain and so on.Why question that the same failed policies will have a different end?The definition of insanity has already been proven with the current debt.We are in a crisis and to say otherwise is either to lie or to just not believe in the plain and obvious.

I heard through the grapevine that Kalifornia will soon change it's name to Chinafornia.

Governments will never learn to be efficient.

As people have read this story and call out the people of San Bernardino just remember the U.S. gov't is doing this with Congress as they vote themselves a pay raise

Let's these so called "patriots" leave and let those who stay be treated accordingly. Who do they think they are?

YOU GET WHAT YOU VOTE FORDUMMY CRAT!!!!!!!!!!!

Southern California was a paradise when my mother and grandparents moved there in the 30's. I was witness to the beginings of collapse before we left. Corrupt Goverment and Socialist Welfare Statism is an evil curse against humanity. And now as the world starts to fail , the hammer will fall hardest in California. Nothing is worse than poverty after wealth. May God ease your death.#$%$ San Bernardino, and #$%$ California.

California needs to slide off into the ocean and be forgotten...

That's what unions have done for us...asinine and ridiculous.  Thank God I don't live in THAT state...The liberals have destroyed California.

They are bound contracts, Unions and  the law, it's mostly just for show. During bankruptcy all contracts with be voided by the judge(s).  Still, these are the foolish we all voted in.....or most of us accepted by not voting.  Get involved and educated yourself on the issues and candidates.  All the American public gets from those running are what they want to do, but never how they plan to do it.   It would seem Americans have given up on America............

Another town run by libs.

Another city that needs a appointed manager to handle the reckless spending of the greedy!

Libtardism in the republik of kalifornia lives on!!!

President duckhead will try to find a way to send them my money to bail them out.

and the cops and firefighters they  don't care, they just want your money !

San Bernardino is a rotten stinkhole. The council members are criminals ripping everyone off. I spit on their dirty faces and shoes.Thats Funny In Sad Way.

Opps on first post just since a type O should be 50 states!  My bad!

What is the penalty for bankruptcy. A pay raise. Huh.

They're just following the lovely example set by the congress of the United States of America.

All must pay in for what you use... the free rides over!

I love how bankruptcy is such a tool in today's society, to get out of paying bills

mehthey hit brokemight as well spend more moneyits not ours anywaysthey dont care

They're acting out of fear, as law enforcement agenices around the state struggle to find officers.  Several weeks ago, there was a reverse job fair, during which multiple agencies came into the City and attempted to recruit existing officrs away from San Brenadino.

this is precisely why i no longer live in ca

I made an earlier comment about the high crime in San Bernardino, making it VERYdangerous for firemen and policemen, and having trouble finding people to fill thosejobs.  Someone wrote in saying it probably was Mexican criminals.  It is a racial mixthere, many criminals representing all racial groups.  I wouldn't way it is mostlyMexican.  That was an unfair comment.  Drugs and prostitution are the biggest problemLet them leave and see where else they can find a job!

The problem is this city wants to pay its workers the same amount as workers who live in much more expensive cities.  Workers won't leave a city with a low cost of living, for one much higher just to get a small raise.

their charter is the retarder.

Good pay for Police, Firefighters, and Medic, OH NO. Because it's not like we do anything important.(That was sarcasm).

Firefighters deserve a raise. Now maybe we can we get them to do a controlled burn of the whole worthless state?

duh mrs obama is the treasurer of this city didnt you know and she is haveing her bday party there and is charging it to the city also

They're going to kick start the economy from the top! In the finest Republican traditions of trickle-down economics.

And I was thinking New York was the most screwed up place to live in the USA

pensions should be sacred, and it's their charter that clearly needs to be fixed

So funny .... Why dosen't Feinstein put effort into something that will save her stateSo funny .... Why dosen't Feinstein put effort into something that will save her state

The people servicing in the arm forces all over the world as it was nicely  put, they are safety worker ,We should had tie there wages to for foreign aid and maybe  they would make  as much  as the police and firemen.  And  they are best safety worker we have. If money put the value on person life then the men  and women  military life is not worth much,and are at the greatest risk .

This is a good thing.  Only when people get fed up with government unions and vote for representatives like the two councilmen that voted "no" will we get practical solutions.  What does the average firefighter or police office get paid in San Bernadino?Like most anything we pay for, I think most people don't have a problem paying taxes if they feel their getting a good value.

We can bail out our banks but not our cities ?

Layoff the police and fire services, and watch your insurance rates skyrocket for every properrty owner, and then offer a tax increase smaller than the insurance rate increase.

That makes sense.  Why not make it a billion dollars in pay raises, or a trillion dollars.  Its all Monopoly money anyway.  The California taxpayers will bail you out.  Its this kind of behavior that is causing the high income wage earners to flee California.  Eventually there will only be government employees and welfare recipients left in the state.

the liberals could care less about this nation , all they care about about is furthering the sodomite agenda