What about "JESSICA'S LAW" ??? When are you going to even bring it to ther floor and discuss it ? Guess you Colorado law makers don't have any little girls and boys in your state ?

And like that, no criminal or freak will ever use a firearm again in Colorado. It's a miracle.

Thank you for wasting tax payers time and money on making laws that wont do a thing to help! Good luck on your re-elections!

Waste of time...but it has really awakened a sleeping giant I think.  Stay tuned...

I have also heard that there are recall petitions already making their way around Colorado on the Democrats who put this thing in front of the governor.

The governor is done next election

And now....with these three new laws...there will never be another murder, massacre or mayhem moment involving a gun!!! The libs have done it! They have ended gun violence! Who knew it was so easy?!?How many of you, liberal, conservative or libertarian really believe this???

Colorado doesn't need more gun control, they need lunatic control. Looking forward to companies like Magpul moving out of state, I will be sure to buy some of their products to support them where ever they relocate.

I hope the manufactures of magazines pull out, just like I hope Beretta pulls out of Maryland for their silly gun laws

I can see an uprising in Colorado.  The liberals are smirking at the people of this Great State.  They don't think the citizens will show up in 2014.  Yelllpppp,,,,,an uprising.So will the U.S. AG do the right thing and take Colorado to court for violating the Constitution of the U.S.

How about hunters boycott next hunting season in Colorado?

Stock up for the war, the government is already getting ready.

So, it's okay to kill as long as you don't exceed 15 at a time?  Freakin liberals.

What part of "shall not be infringed" don't they understand?

Bet he doesn't win re election...

Soooooo........this stops mass shootings, how?

Boycott Colorado! No Skiing, No camping, No Hiking, No hunting, No tourists ! Go to any American state surrounding Colorado! Speak with your $. Call Governor Lickenhooper and tell him you will be taking your money to a state that supports the Constitution.

Foolish politicians. This won't make a difference.

"The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government."-- Thomas JeffersonPetition the fool ! Come on people do you want to live like the sheep of California ? Stand up for your rights don't lay down like sheep at the slaughter house .

If the intelligent citizens of Colorado don't dump these boneheaded politicians at the next available opportunity and repeal this they deserve what they get. They still haven't managed to bring out one law enforcement officer to say they support this #$%$.

im from Colorado and its sad that we have a bunch of moron liberal legislators. ALl I can say is to make sure to vote these radicals out next election coloradoans

Control. Over honest Americans, not the criminals. The bad-guys will still be doing what they want.

All manufacturers, distributors and dealers of firearms, ammunition and parts should immediately cease ALL sales to Colorado law enforcement agencies!

I suppose that the Democrats will to build a fence around Colorado to keep out the high capacity magazines.  Without it the magazine ban is useless.  I hope Magpul builds a new factoryright across the border.

Hey Magpul!  Y'all come to Texas!

outlaw guns, but refuse to endorse "Jessica's Law". Unimpressed, say Goodbye to any sales tax from me, not vacationing there anymore !

From a Demoncrat governor of course!

My condolences on losing your liberty and Magpul Colorado.He's a good little Communist Governor !

All the Mental nuts can still get a weapon.......where did this Gov. live before Co.....Calif.........

Extra Extra Read all about It! Colorado turns there back on the Constitution and joins the Communist States of America movement.

In other news, "Gabrielle Giffords husband purchases AR-15"

And in the next week or so Magpul Industries will announce they are leaving costing Colorado  over 400 jobs and 31 million in related businesses. Meanwhile no one Colorado will be any safer.

By Keith CoffmanDENVER (Reuters) - After signing new pointless, counter productive gun laws, Colorado's governor will next sign three controversial bills into law on Wednesday, including one banning fire extinguishers in public buildings, one outlawing automobile jacks, and one making it illegal to carry hammers with boxes of nails.  Citzens are mystified and left scratching their heads.

Going into a Black Market private sales will be an awesome side business in Colorado.?

3 gun laws but nothing said about the psychotropic drugs that are the REAL problem, guess all that money the politicians get from the drug companies is way more important than the lives of kids.  Of course kids don't vote so ....

Who are these gun bans going to affect.Not the criminals.Must be the law abiding citizens.

Does this mean that there will not be anymore mass shootings in Colorado?Come get em.... Wow...these polititians really want a civil war.

To quote Debra Barone ... IDIOT

Progressive America: Legalize pot, outlaw everything else.

None of this do good legislation would have stopped the Movie Theater shooting.

Vote out Gov. John Hickenlooper  as soon as possible.

Soon to be ex-governer.

Lickenpooper, what a name for a governor.....

More punishment for the people that own guns legally

CO has gone wacko

In my opinion, Governor John Hickenlooper has committed politcal suicide. People are very fed up with guys like you trying to control our lives. Good luck in your next election, if I were you Governor John Hickenlooper, I would start looking into truck driving school or something like that.If Hickenlooper values what is left of his political career, he had best not sign any of those laws!

When Arizona tried to toughen the Immigration laws, His Holiness, King Obama cried foul. Where is he when Colorado steps in and over steps their legal limits vs Federal law? Not a peep.

What is wrong with the people in Colorado? You pass laws agaainst the law abiding gun owners, but you let rapists off withe a slap of the wrist !?

Boycott Colorado!

It's going to be hard for that many unemployed Democrat politicians to find lobbying jobs in 2014.

How much will a person have to pay to have his own background check done.  Why not $1,000 to $5,000 and payable to the State of Colorado.  You can't win for losing in this case.

There was a bus wreck the other day that some people were killed in, are they going to ban buses. People need to find other places to ski and take vacations other than that #$%$ state.

why is it the people that know the least about guns are passing these stupid laws......what makes libs think they know whats best for everyone ?

I served in this nations armed forces. I took an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution when I did, as did every veteran and active duty service member.Anyone that is for infringing on the 2nd Amendment advocates an unconstitutional act. The anti-2nd Amendment people here are outnumbered and outgunned.

A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government.” — George WashingtonMagpul will be moving out of Colorado and all the criminals will be moving in.

I will never spend a dime in Colorado..nothing against the people of Colorado but when a woman can not defend herself I will no support a State trying to destroy the Constitution.

Gun Control is deeply unpopular, and only fixates Democrats when there's still blood on the ground.  In a few years, after losing Senate, H.O.R. and Governor slots they will ask "Was it worth it?"

Ski Utah and Wyoming. Forget Colorado aka Hollywood East.

More political posturing. How about you go after the real bad guys

Welcome to the Liberal pussification of America. Don't forget to wear your helmet when you ride your bicycle.

Between the business the state will lose and the tourists who will stay away, I would not claim this as a victory for anyone but the criminals.  We have seen repeatedly in countries and in states that ban guns that gun violence goes up not down.  The criminals love it.  You may very well turn Colorado into another Illinois and Denver into another Chicago.  Perhaps you should put some of that efforts into curing the problem with a generation of illiterate, drug crazed, athiests who have no morals at all and who think it is cool to kill indiscriminately.

It's about time for gun owners to take their rights back by force. Thomas Jefferson said "the tree of liberty needs to be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants." The best solution is a revolution/civil war and then purge society of all the liberals that want to limit everyone's freedom (except for those that agree with them).

And just what good does this nut think will happen in signing these bills???  Never does it occur to Democrats that the problems are not the vehicles used in violence, but the persons using them.  This will only allow for more violent vehicles to be used and schools still not having any real protection in place, unless individual schools take actions on their own.

Myth Three: Guns are if little help in defending against criminals:This myth goes hand in hand with the second myth – that being that gun control laws reduce crime. The truth is that guns in private hands are quite helpful in defending against criminals, especially if they are armed. Read morePraise the Lord, and pass the ammunition!

Well, I was going to go to Colorado someday for an Elk hunt.....Guess I will just take my business elsewhere!!!!  Same goes for hiking in many of the "bucketlist" locations. Wyoming, New Mexico, Utah, and other neighboring states will get my $$$$. I will find ways to not spend a dime in your state, and I know many others who will do the same. #$%$ on the sportsman- we'll hit you in the pocketbook and you will wish you had never taken these measures!!!!!!

And.........he admitted he is actually homosexual and now is the darling of the liberal media!

Unconstitutional.

Of Course the Peoples Republic of Boulder and the Union of Colorado Socials, YUKS for short want to take the guns, every communist leader knows you must disarm the people to put your total plans into place.

If the state mandates the background check, the state should pay for it.  Period.  It's dangerous to waste time and energy on the law-abiding while ignoring the mentally ill and criminal element.

Just check out DC and Chicago's gun ban, it is working so well!

If you really believe gun control legislation will keep guns out of the hands of criminals and insane people (the people that commit these atrocities) you are truly a special kind of stupid.

Will his armed security detail limit the amount of rounds they carry?....Hell No...

In a few years the next headline will be"Colorado crime rate up again 4th straight year"Learn from history and other places serving as an example. Chicago........MAGPUL Welcome to TEXAS!

Abortion is the leading cause of death in the USA. Just thought you would like to know......

I think that hickenlooper and his democrat legislature just voted on and signed their political death certificates.

And to hell with the will of the people! This is what dictator wannabes do. The opposition to this illegal travesty is almost 70%. It is based on lies, deceit, and NO factual evidence that it's ever worked...Damn the Constitution and full speed ahead.

If you value your 2nd Amendment rights, NEVER FORGET The DEMOCRATS aka (Progressives) would like nothing better than to relieve YOU of your weapons to protect you and your family from TYRANNY. They prefer you to be an "Un-Armed Subject" than an "Armed Citizen". 2014 is the year we put the Constitution back in Government. Vote OUT the Progressives. To value the 2nd Amendment and to vote Democrat in terms of speech, would be an oxymoron."The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government." Thomas Jefferson

And I suppose new laws are post to stop criminals who dont care about the laws!!! NO, All they do is mess with law abiding citizens and create gun free zones were criminals can operate with impunity!!!!

Many of you are missing the GREAT NEWS here. If places like Colorado will become a gravity point for liberals and unarmed citizens, you're creating a feeding spot for criminals. I'd rather they victimize everyone in Colorado than go elsewhere. Would you prefer that a shark swim by you and bite the other guy in half? See, now you're getting the point. Applaud them, encourage them to disarm fully and completely, to make locks on doors illegal, and to pardon all their violent offenders. Then sit back and watch them broil in their "safer society."

*POLICITAL SUICIDE*

I thought I saw the hammer and sickle on the Colorado Communist flag.

I predict a lot of democrats will not be back in office after the next election in Colorado.I just saw a line at the Colorado Capitol building. The loonies and the criminals are lining up to hand over their guns. It's amazing.

Hickenpooper is rather slow if he thinks this bill will save anyone. Hey Hickednpopper check the Chicago war zones out and see who has the gun. And change your name.

Why do liberals like banning everything? Is it some form of mental illness?

Now all that's left is to have the jack-booted obama brown-shirts going door to door inspecting.  Great job, you filthy, disgusting liberal POSs.

And this is going to stop anything how?

It's all feel good Bull. It will never survive a court challenge. It will however get a lot of Dems UN-elected on the next go around. Colorado is yet another example of one metropolitan area dictating to the rest of the state. Just like here in WA. Seattle does the same thing. You get 20 miles out of downtown Seattle and it is like you are in a different state.

Colorado has nothing that you can't find in other states, so there is no reason to go there. Spend your money elsewhere.

No mention of Magpul leaving the state because of these socialists. I guess losing hundreds of jobs over some knee jerk, feel good laws is worth it. Way to hammer the law abiding middle class, Colorado. Bravo.

How difficult will it be to repeal these stupid gun control measures when the people throw out the democrats?

I think we should vote out all of these idiots that think making any new gun law will make a difference, as they are very dumbGovernment by the people for the people....how about putting it to a vote of the people???

Well this will make Colorado a crime free state, let's see, you can buy and smoke pot freely in Colorado but now you can't defend yourself.

Colorado govenor has signed all the recreational pot you can smoke and gay marriage, so why not take away some Constitutional rights.

Just what in h.e.l.l. did the caterers put in the Democrats water at the DNC?? They are insane and without conscience with all they policies and laws.

So, with the signing of this bill, tens of thousands of law abiding citizens will become criminals.

and the price should be at least one company leaves and taxes it jobs away, and others follow?

What a suprise, coming fromm one of the most liberal states.  New laws aren't needed, enforce those we have.  Get off the "feel good" bandwagon and do something useful, like creating laws to deal with the crazies and the criminals.

Just like every other democratic politician just fall in line. To hell with the constitution.

.... and Magpul has left the building !!

Saw a movie once how the government disarmed it's people, then the government was free to force the people to do what they wanted. The movie was called Schindlers List.Colorado I'd be made as hale and not going to take this-Your Representative Rhonda Marshall Fields who wants to stip Colorado of their gun rights, was a criminal with multiple arrests for shoplifting and larceny in her past. WAKE UP  COLORADO, WAKE UP AMERICA!!!

The object here is to eventually take all forms of gun protection away from the people so they can be massacred by criminal elements while they are eating dinner with their families in a restaurant or just out for a walk on a nice summer night. I will in the future avoid vacationing in Colorado.

Colorado was Californicated about 20 years ago.

The reason for wanting to take our guns goes much deeper than the mass shootings.

gov. chickenpooper is an idiot.

I invite any Americans still living, working, owning a business  or having a family to protect in the New Third Reich, to come across the border to Arizona and bring your guns, magazines and ammo with you!I will never spend a dime in Colorado. I was a frequent visitor, but nevermore!The snow and elk hunting is much superior in Uah!

“The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to allow the subject races to possess arms.  - Adolf Hitler, April 1942

All gun manufacturers and ammo makers should NOt sell to the states that are banning guns.....police..etc...

Luckily most States have Republican Governers

you people have the power to clean house in 2014. Law can be repealed.Plain ignorance, Germany thought Hitler's ideas were good for German people till Hitler unveiled his true evil. Nothing is as it appears and Truth is only an illusion to the masses.

Colorado gets no more of my vacation money and I think a lot of tax income will be going be going to other states.

Hey you gun shop owners in Colorado, why stay where your not wanted? Come to Iowa !!!

i bet the criminals will be kissing Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper #$%$ for this move.

Hey, all you businesses that want to get the hell out of Colorado just come to Texas where we will welcome you with open arms.  We're not gooing to ban guns here and we're not going to tax you to death either.... Come on down.

More than 4 decades ago Colorado was a much better place to live . Back then it wasn't run by paranoid idiots .

This man took an oath to uphold the constitution. RECALL HIM!

I'm going to stop buying stuff from Colorado, starting with their beer.

Boycott Colorado!!!!

There is still time to vote*With your feet!Fact: Many of the countries with the strictest gun control have the highest rates of violent crime. Australia and England, which have virtually banned gun ownership, have the highest rates of robbery, sexual assault, and assault with force of the top 17 industrialized countries.11Fact: The crime rate is 66% higher in four Canadian Prairie Provinces than in the northern US states across the border.12Fact: Strict controls over existing arms failed in Finland. Despite needs-based licensing, storage laws and transportation restrictions,13 Finland experienced a multiple killing school shooting in 2007.14Myth: Britain has strict gun control and a low crime rateFact: Since gun banning has escalated in the UK, the rate of crime – especially violent crime – has risen.U.K. Violent Crime and Firearm OwnershipFact: Ironically, firearm use in crimes in the UK has doubled in the decade since handguns were banned.15Fact: Britan has the highest rate of violent crime in Europe, more so than the United States or even SouthAfrica. They also have the second highest over all crime rate in the European Union. In 2008, Britan had a violent crime rate nearly five times higher than the United states (446 vs. 2034 pre 100,000 population).16Fact: 67% of British residents surveyed believed that “As a result of gun and knife crime [rising], the area I live in is not as safe as it was five years ago.”17Fact: U.K. street robberies soared 28% in 2001. Violent crime was up 11%, murders up 4%, and rapes are up 14%.Fact: This trend continues in the U.K in 2004 with a 10% increase in street crime, 8% increase in muggings, and a 22% increase in robberies.Fact: “... [There is] nothing in the statistics for England and Wales to suggest that either the stricter controls on handguns prior to 1997 or the ban imposed since have controlled access to such firearms by criminals.”20Fact: Comparing crime rates between America and Britain is fundamentally flawed. In America, a gun crime is recorded as a gun crime. In Britain, a crime is only recorded when there is a final disposition (a conviction). All unsolved gun crimes in Britain are not reported as gun crimes, grossly undercounting the amount of gun crime there.21 To make matters worse, British law enforcement has been exposed for falsifying criminal reports to create falsely lower crime figures, in part to preserve tourism.

Just more proof why L!b+@rds should be banned from procreating.

all right Hunters "take it to another State, wait until the Liberal bunny huger,s wake up to a heard of rutting elk in their yard

Ah, the Obama drones are next... Feel safer??

The Sandy Hook report has not been released but info available elsewhere states that an assault rifle WAS NOT used.  The liberal media and Democrats forced that on us.  In other words, more lies.

Colorado loves pot, gays, and child molesters...hates Jessica's Law and the Constitution.

If my children see Colorado it will be as adults on their own dime. No more vacations there for me.

None of these laws will change anything............ and they are questionable laws since the Constitution gives us an explicit right to have arms.  If you start restricting this through high taxes on guns/ammunition or erroneous, cumbersome hoops to jump through that is equivalent to taking our rights away and thus would not be Constitutional.    It's just logic.Criminals will always get weapons if they want them.  We should not make it harder for law abiding citizens to get them.  We should encourage gun ownership and we should teach our children how to use and respect guns.  We should want as many law abiding citizens as possible to own and carry guns.The criminal element is a very small slice of our society.  Having an armed section of our society equivalent to the law abiding people would be a positive.God Bless America.

Wow, their going to ban all assualt weapons and strictly limit hand gun magazines to 7 rouds!Wow, that'll stop the criminals!

“To disarm the people is the best and most effective way to enslave them.” – George MasonIts a mental health issue. Not a gun control issue.

Pay for your own background checks????  How about he pays for his own security detail?

Sounds like Hickenlooper got tired of his job ?.....Oh well !  He can always go back into restaurant and bar business.

Dr. Susan Gratia. Go Google her

2014 flush is coming for ALL these corrupt politicians, bigger wipe-out then 2010!

The article says several of the guns used by teenagers at the Columbine school shooting were purchased at  gun shows. Therefore ban sale of guns at gun shows, right? It is illegal to sell any gun to a teenager in every state at a gun store or in a private sale.  If I recall correctly the teenagers who comitted the school shootings stole the guns from their parents. The parents did not do the shootings and did not break any law in buying the guns involved in the shootings as they were law abiding citizens. Correct me if I am wrong about all this. Liberals distort and lie.Any teenage can still steal a gun whether or not it has a magazine that holds 15 or 20 rounds of ammunition. Anyone can reload two 15 round magazines into a gun in about 1.5 seconds. So tell me what good these laws will do except to disarm law abding citizens who very very rarely ever use an assault type rifle in a crime.

the Great Gov Dickenpooper a clone of the great song writer ,who got high in Colo

.......and also on Wed. the lawsuits to overturn these ridiculous and unconstitutional laws will begin. I imagine some recall talk will ensue as well. They don't have the manpower to enforce these laws, especially with the Sheriff's Assoc. not cooperating with the Governor. This is gonna get ugly. And probably pretty fast. Stay tuned.

Crazy liberals are trying to ruin Colorado.

Six gun companies composed of firearm manufacturers, gunsmiths, and sporting goods retailers have announced plans to stop selling any of their products to any government agency in states that severely limit the rights of private gun ownership.LaRue TacticalOlympic ArmsExtreme Firepower Inc, LLCTemplar CustomYork ArmsCheaper than DirtPeople who know nothing about firearms or the shooting sport's shouldn't have a right to create or pass legislation infringing upon my constitutional rights.

Sorry buddy. But the Sheriff already denied the gun control. You signing this will not make a difference.

Signing your freedom away! TRAITORS!!!

Hey guys and gals, let's rethink our hunting and skiing trips to Colorado.

Great give the bad guys more power over law abiding citizens!!! And this guy along with his dems congress keeps on shooting down Jessica law giving liberal judges total control of how to charge the pedophiles ... even giving suspended time!!!

when will you anti gun nuts GET IT  THIS WILL DO NOTHING!!!!!!!!  if somebody really want to commit a mass murder ALL THEY GOTTA DO IS HAVE MORE THAN 3 PISTOLS THIS WILL JUST MAKE LAW ABIDING PEOPLE LAW BREAKERS this nothing more than pc  HORSECRAP

Good Bye Magpul, Good Bye 85 Million $$$, Good bye to my out of state hunting licence, Outfitter fee,s, etc... Bloomberg A Z Z Kissers .. Now go smoke your weed...I wont be back.....

They want to pass a bill to ban guns or have to back ground checks, because MAYBE a kid could get kill, but won't stop abortions that kills a kid every time!They want to have back ground checks for guns, but not show photo ID to vote!This doesn't make sense too me!

Gun Control: Attempting to control criminal activity, by restricting the activities of law abiding citizens.

Liberals always side with the evil ones, at the expense of the victims. They are so anxious to protect the "rights" of foreign terrorist, or the "rights" of illegal aliens, or the assailants over the assault victims, while trampling citizens rights.The new pro gun movement needs to be...vote for a anti gun person...elect a communist.Let's face it...Mao, Stalin, Hitler, and all the communist leaders all went for the guns then the wallets...that's how criminals roll...and these f^%&amp;% parading around like do gooders are the #$%$ of the #$%$ Earth!

Idiots. Just idiots.Magpul, please come to North Carolina.

I don't know what is about CO, but they need some control there with all the shooting they have.

Guess they can't add more laws for the explosives he booby trapped his apartment with as they were already illegal.  Note how that made it impossible for him to rig the place up.

Stupid moron!  Good luck trying to get LAW-BREAKING CRIMINALS, to obey these new laws!  What an idiot! As well as those who support him and these laws.

They sure as heck got their heads up their #$%$ if they think this is going to make one bit of difference.

What an #$%$

No Jessica's law in Colorado but we have more impotent gun laws.Wow these lawmakers are inspiring.Remember who they are people and clean house next election cycle.

Stupid is as stupid does.

What - did the kooks from California move to Colorado because they trashed that state?vote these traitors out!

Use your head vote these people out who will stomp on our constitution like Obama and his comrads have done, vote them out, impeach them, stop sleeping America.

And the whackos have found more motivation, this is like banning auto racing because a drunk driver ran over a bunch of people, a criminal that would shoot another human being, wouldn't hesitate to carry a high capacity magazine, what a bunch of tools these politicians are! This is not for protection, this is to climb the liberal #$%$ ladder to exploit victims for political gain!

I would accept if it was Massachusetts or Main, but not Colorado. This is one of the wild west states. Too bad... Hopefully these people will be voted out of office next election.

Criminals must be "SHAKING IN THEIR BOOTS NOW !!!".

Colorado is a liberal state. They are against everything that ends in "ing". Mining, drinking, shooting, thinking, etc. It was a great place to live in the sixties but has gone downhill. Too many liberals.

Yet it's the liberals that are doing all the shooting....

Not even ONE of the mass shooters was a NRA member but ALL were registered DEMOCRATS.It appears to me we should join the current hysteria and suggest the evidence shows that all registered Democrats should have their guns be confiscated. We know who they are as  they're registered! Why is it that none of the disturbed and evil men, who steal guns, then go and kill movie-goers and children in school, has ever been identified as a conservative or a NRA member?Ft. Hood - Registered Democrat and Muslim.Columbine - Too young to vote; both families were registered Democrats and progressive liberals.Virginia Tech -Wrote hate mail to President Bush and to his staff. Registered Democrat.Colorado Theater -Registered Democrat; staff worker on the Obama campaign; Occupy Wall Street participant; progressive liberal/Socialist.Connecticut School Shooter- Registered Democrat; hated Christians.The common thread is that all of these shooters were progressive liberal Democrats less affectionately known as Socialists. INTERESTING, isn't it?

@Steve,The only thing you'll be enjoying are your chains. Socialists always eat their own eventually.

And how will this stop the criminals and killers from getting guns?If gun violence and crime goes down, how will Hollywood make money?Seriously, we have more of a people problem than a gun problem. People with guns, ANY gun, make a decision to use it for good or evil. Tough nut to crack, the people angle. But the gun is an easy target. If it is ugly, or menacing looking, has a pistol grip, or flash hider/suppressor, or large magazine it must be evil. And therefore banned. Cannot say that about a person though.I heard on the news today (CNN) that this Lanza character had a seven foot long spreadsheet detailing how he would attack.Blame THAT on the gun.

grand jester, good luck enforcing these new laws, your own law enforcement said they would not enforce them.   If you were really concerned about the people in your state, you would pass Jessica's Law and start protecting your kids, maybe when someone does do a crime, you put them in jail, that would be a good start

I guess the law abiding citizens will have to defend their families with harsh words now.

Protecting our children is important. The founding fathers knew this also. That's why they included the 2nd Amendment in the bill of rights.

I wonder what he'll do for a living after the next election?

All of you folks rooting for the demise of the GOP, in order for the Demorats to govern unopposed, do you really want a socialist police state?! Because that is the history of unopposed leftist.I root for the demise of the establishment "go along to get along" old guard slimy self serving, power hungry politicians such as Mclame, Boehner, McConnell, Grammnesty, who are little different than the Demorats who want to "fundamentally transform" this one great nation into their socialists utopia.I wish they would do us all a favor, and move to Cuba, where their socialist utopia awaits, and leave us freedom loving regular Americans the heck alone!!!

This gov will be voted out next time for sure.

Criminals prefer an unarmed victim.Dictators prefer unarmed citizens.(Share if you agree!)

I have an idea. How about Hickenlooper come up with a Pot for Guns bill. It's always better to be stoned while you are being led to slaughter.

Three new laws limiting firearms in a state that had two mass shooting done by men with mental issues.  ZERO new laws that deal with the mentally ill.  Once again, lazy politicians taking the easy way out.Why doesn't he deal with the mentaly unstable instead?

The problem is that these dumbos believe that this will work. What a sick country we have.

And what are these morons gonna do, when it happens again, because unfortunately it probably will happen again, it's not a gun problem, it's a crazy people problem !!

Congresswoman Admits "Assault Weapons" Ban is "Just the Beginning"anti-gun U.S. Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-Ill.) was interviewed at a rally on February 13, and admitted to the reporter that proposed gun and magazine ban legislation (S. 150, the "Assault Weapons Ban of 2013") is "just the beginning" of a broader gun control agenda that will eventually include handguns.

Smart... go after the guns, not the shooters. Next we ban the knife and fork to wipe out obesity, then we'll ban boxcutters to wipe out terrorism. This is politics, solves nothing, no one is safer

Magpul will be in Arizona as fast as they can get out of Colorado. Every gun dealer in Colorado should laeve. Then the liberals can kiss each other all the way to the grave because no one in Colorado will have a gun, or ammo. It will be the next Chicago. You can bet the criminals are rejoiceing over this. Disarm the honest citizen so the criminal has nothing to fear. Stupidity ran amock in Colorado.

Luckily everyone knew this was coming and already stocked up.  Way to go, sport!

Now that's really going to fix their problem! To fix the problem you need to address the cause. It's like outlawing water to prevent someone from drowning. This state wouldn't even pass Jessica's Law! It should be a crime just to own a gun! But if you use it in unlawful act you should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.

Hm funny how the article fails to mention that the rifles used in the Columbine shooting were ban-compliant and didn't have high-cap mags. It happened during Clinton's ban. These laws will do nothing, absolutely nothing to stop another shooting just like they did nothing to stop the 16 shootings that happened during Clinton's ban.

This used to be a great state. Now, not so much.They don't want the citizens to be able to protect themselves. They don't want to protect children from child predators.Gee, the massacres that caused this knee jerk reaction were accomplished by Registered Democrats.   They must have been martyrs to you libs.  You likely praise them daily for furthering your cause.

He's doing this, but he's undecided about barring sales to domestic violence offenders?  Makes no sense.  Maybe one of his buddies has a record of that, hmmm?

Urban sprawl, smog, legal pot, strict gun laws, Hollywood stars and jet setters,  Californication Complete!

We don't have a gun problem,, we have a mental nut with access to guns problem.Just ban mental nuts,,, wait we can't do that,,,, we would have to fire Biden and half of congress!

Well Colorado there will be another mass shooting because this action does nothing to stop it, and the next time the liberals will try to take your guns.

old saying, Guncontrol means using both hands.

They just don't realize that the primary reason people fight new gun laws is because they don't work.  Nobody really cares about a 15 round magazine limit or background checks, but they know they are not the reason for violent crime and therefore won't work.  In other words, if you let them enact these laws, more are sure to come..........since they are not the cause or cure to the problem.  All the anti-gun groups have outwardly stated that their ultimate goal, and the only one that will work, is a ban on all guns, with confiscation of those in existence.  They simply know that coming out with that agenda up front will be problematic!!!

I don't live in Cororado, But i do worry about the Consitution and the "monkey see monkey do" effect...

The governor will sign three gun bill measures on Wednesday and be impeached on Thursday.

How did a once cool cowboy state turn into a bunch of dope smoking liberals?Enjoy, Colorado.  You get what you voted for, elections have consequences, etc.  I'm SURE this was the will of the people and not something the politicians forced on you.

This won't stop mass shootings.

Vote these liberal turds out.......

BOYCOTT COLORADO!!!!!

The mindless running people in Colorado seemed to have forgotten some of its residents...they're not all pot smoking urban liberals...many still believe in liberty and self-reliance.Sort of the City folk against the Country folk...  It is a lot like Eastern Oregon verses Western Oregon...One state...two completely mindsets...It will be interesting...I'd go with the self-reliant.

WE will remember ALL these corrupt votes in 2014! Connecticut, New York, Colorado, ect- massive voter back lash coming to clean house!

Sell Colorado to Mexico, use money gained to deport every da-n illegal that's infiltrating the nation and buy Alberta from Canada.

"Cause the registration of all firearms on some pretext, with the view of confiscating them and leaving the population defenseless." Vladimir Ilich Lenin (Ulyanov)

Another state's constitutional liberties obliterated by proppressives. When are people going to come to their senses and stop voting for these filth.

But you don't need ID to vote ? Only a Liberal could be that confused.The statistics.Which say that citizens with guns STOP 2.5 million crimes a year.800,000 of those incidences, they SAVED someone's life..Disarming citizens will have the OPPOSITE affect that politicians are expecting.In the UK, and Australia, SINCE their disarming, CRIME has increased DRAMATICALLY, including the number of murders by gun.The morale of the cops is the lowest ever, and citizens ARE miserable, and afraid of the criminals.Search on YouTube, and you can see videos of this.The politicians that passed the Gun Control Laws are all STUNNED that this has been the outcome of the laws..The Aurora Cinema shooter -WHO is this kid's father?HIS father is the whistleblower in the European LIBOR interest rate setting scandal.This scandal is going to costs the banks involved there, and here, Billions.It sounds like the banks decided to get EVEN with this whistleblower, by drugging his kid, and setting him up as a Manchurian candidate, to create the mess at the Aurora Cinema.This kid was a med student, BUT had OVER $20,000 worth of RESTRICTED tactical gear.WHAT fed govt agency equipped this kid?The Police depts do NOT have this gear..The Conn shooterWHO is this kid's father?He is a financial person at GE. It NOW has been disclosed that the father was scheduled to testify in the LIBOR scandal. DOES IT NOT SOUND LIKE THE banksters and MAYBE Oblamo may have had a hand in the setting up of BOTH ofthese shooting incidences..The first kid's dad also has a list of the elite people that were receiving payments in the LIBOR criminal ring, traced by this whistle-blower, and guess WHO is on that list... that's right, IT IS Obama!Obama IS BEING PAID OFF by the banksters.

This situation (when a state government passes legislation "infringing" on its citizens' God-given and U S Constitutionally confirmed liberties) is where constitutionally, the federal judicial system is supposed to come to the defense of the individuals' whose rights are being infringed and retore their rights from infringement..

The American Democratic Party is not intrested in laws that would work or prevent more gun crimes. The American emocratic Party has an agenda...and that is to do away with the second amendment . Simple as that. Why is it always just the Democratic party that demands legal gun owners be held responsible for the illegal actioons of non legal gun owners.70% of all hand gun death last year , nation wide was at the hands of intercity black gangs. The democrats know that but refuse to bring it up or do any thing about it. What is really intresting is while the democrats are demanding American citizens turn over their assault rifles the DHS has just recieved 7000 assault rifles with selectors for full auto , 2707 armored vehicles and billions of rounds of ammo.Wonder who that is for?

So heres the 50 million dollar question for all you Liberal's. What trumps the State laws or the Federal Law. We all know that you oppose the Az state laws on Immigration saying that the Federal Goverments law over ride the States so does the State law now over ride the Federal Laws. You cant have it both ways can you.

Has anyone noticed how many of the liberals on here say they have no use for firearms so they feel no one should have any? I wonder if they forbid their wives from buying tampons for the same reasons.

And Texas is looking better and better!

Magpul welcome to Utah,most Mormons prefer 20round mags to 30 round

Whohoo! Problem solved! No more shootings in Colorado!! Gee whiz those politicians are super duper smart!  I bet next they ban condoms to prevent rape.

Coloradoans, your being lead by criminals!!! Did you know that your Representative Rhonda Marshall Fields, one of your Representatives who want to strip your gun rights, was a criminal with multiple arrests for shoplifting and larceny in her past!!!  Why isn’t every Coloradan down at their State house’s stomping for your alternative Representatives resignations!!!

After guns were banned in England gun crime went up 40% due to smuggling. The smugglers make good money and the criminals who buy them know their victims will be unarmed. Colorado just opened great business opportunities for the smugglers.  The honest people will continue to be the victims.Plain  Un_American thing to do. Everyone one is welcome in Texas

"Colorado governor will sign three gun control measures on Wednesday"New headline: "Colorado governor will sign his political career death sentence Wednesday."

So..Colorado is passing anti-gun bills and decriminalized marijuana,but they won't pass Jessica's Law to enact harsh penalties on pedophiles???Look out, folks- this is a Communist takeover of your basic rights, freedoms, and liberties under the Constitution!

I see the unconstitutional communists in our government are at it again!

"The beauty of the Second Amendment is that it will not be needed until someone tries to take it."...Thomas Jefferson

Time for Magpul to move

Liberal friggin idiot!   Wyoming is LOVING it!  Folks are moving NORTH!

“One death is a tragedy; one million is a statistic.” - Joseph Stalin

Wont help with Jessicas law but will sign laws to take away our rights.

Magpul, please follow through with your threat and bounce out of CO. Idaho would love to have you.“(The Constitution preserves) the advantage of being armed which Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation…(where) the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.” –James Madison

colorado will see a lot of new face's in comeing elections

We don't belong to the government, the government belongs to the people.

That's why we call him "Looper."

Colorado use to be a good place to live but the left wing has taken over Denver and the ruination of the state is now in progress.

They all violate the Second Amendment.  Background checks also violate the Fourth.So how long will it take the ACLU to file suit?When do we see Jesse and Al marching to complain how Blacks will be disproportionately affected since more crime occurs in their neighborhoods?The NAACP and La Raza will certainly protest requiring the payment of fees for checks as a de facto "poll tax" that prevents the poor from exercising their Constitutional rights.

What's next? Ban cars that can go faster than 75 miles per hour. Last time I checked, my speedometer reaches 145 mph. Most states limit you to 65mph. We know speeding kills and there are bus loads of children on the highway.

The country would be better served if Colorado were to secede. Let them swim in the swill they are creatng and have created.

Dear Bad Guys,Colorado's governor will sign three gun control bills into law on Wednesday, including one banning ammunition magazines with more than 15 rounds in a state that has experienced two of the deadliest mass shootings in U.S. history.Signed, The Good GuysDear Good Guys,We don't give a dam!Signed, The Bad Guys

That's okay, I'll keep 100 15-round magazine clips instead of 50 30-round clips.Vote these #$%$ out

Punish the law abiding citizens and protect the criminal, these liberals philosophies are going to lead to the end of this great nation.

Now if they just stop selling Big Gulps, everyone will flock there.

do the politicians of Colorado really believe this will stop the shooting in Colorado? if some one wants to kill other people i'm sure they know how to change clips in their rifle. it only takes seconds to change one. so, the shooter carries several 10 round clips and changes them.  these measures are just false hopes.

Well now you people in Colorada know that your Governor sticks to the liberal/party line, And ignores the majority of the people...

Remember this the next time you want to buy an out of state big game hunting license in Colorado or a migratory waterfowl license in Maryland. You can penalize stupidity if you don't spend money in these states.

It's taken four generations but the liberal pigs have finally dumbed down our education system to the point that we're churning out idiots at such a clip that they're almost guaranteed wins at the ballot box.  The time has come for real change.

The gangs are making plans to move their corporate headquarters to Denver.

Way to go Colorado.....say goodbye to Magpul which employs 200 people at it's manufacturing plant and another 400 people throughout the state at subcontractors, etc.......and also say goodbye to about 85 million a year that Magpul sends Colorado's way....

3 bills that will end your pathetic career!impeach Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper

There more than 150 million rifles, handguns, and semi-automatics in America, and commensurate amounts of ammunition. Taking these legal weapons from the American citizens who have the 2 nd Amendment right to own and bear arms will be a task that will be regretted by those who try it. This is not a threat. It is a fact.

Sucks to be Colorado.

Hopefully these bills will have the same effect on Colo as if Sturgis signed a ban on motorcycles...

Texas is full of decent folks. And our murder rate plummeted after the enactment of conceal carry. I'll stay away from Demorat strongholds where I can't protect myself but the murder rate is a hundred fold what conservative states have.

All he is doing is making criminals out of law abiding citizens,thanks jerk

"The government is like a baby's alimentary canal, with a happy appetite at one end and no responsibility at the other." -- Ronald Reagan

My brother in law is a Chicago cop.   Sometimes he comes by on the weekends and such for lunch when he is on duty.  Usually the radio is on. He was over on XMAS morning and on XMAS morning came a call about gunshots being fired. On XMAS!   I guess dirtbags don't take a break on holidays.  His line whenever he has to go is... 'Well, got a call over the radio. Need to go arrest some more Obama voters"....... How true, How true.

So f'ing stupid to say pay for your own background check when it is already added into the cost!!

The good Sheriff should enforce this law the same way obama enforces immigration law. Arrest them but then let them go.If a conservative don't want a gun, they just won't buy one. When a lib doesn’t want a gun they have to pass a law so no one can buy one!

Guess what ? Same gun laws in Cyprus. If the Gov wants to steal money from people's bank accounts, you better make sure they are not armed.

The Demorat Party: Con-men elected by the ignorant and the arrogant

"..including one banning ammunition magazines with more than 15 rounds in a state that has experienced two of the deadliest mass shootings in U.S. history."The first one, Columbine occured when the 1st "assualt weapons" ban was actually in effect. I guess that proves its a worthless law.

Every red state governor is getting out his black ink pen for the next budget meeting.. Thanks lobbies for all your fleeing jobs/industries.

They are punishing the law abideing folks now. When will they start going after criminals?

Magpul Industries Corp.  From their web page.Apparently Gov Hickenlooper has announced that he will sign HB 1224 on Wednesday. We were asked for our reaction, and here is what we said:We have said all along that based on the legal problems and uncertainties in the bill, as well as general principle, we will have no choice but to leave if the Governor signs this into law. We will start our transition out of the state almost immediately, and we will prioritize moving magazine manufacturing operations first. We expect the first PMAGs to be made outside CO within 30 days of the signing, with the rest to follow in phases. We will likely become a multi-state operation as a result of this move, and not all locations have been selected. We have made some initial contacts and evaluated a list of new potential locations for additional manufacturing and the new company headquarters, and we will begin talks with various state representatives in earnest if the Governor indeed signs this legislation. Although we are agile for a company of our size, it is still a significant footprint, and we will perform this move in a manner that is best for the company and our employees.It is disappointing to us that money and a social agenda from outside the state have apparently penetrated the American West to control our legislature and Governor, but we feel confident that Colorado residents can still take the state back through recalls, ballot initiatives, and the 2014 election to undo these wrongs against responsible Citizens.

As to the governor and all his clones - your new laws will simply be ignored.  It was in anticipation of your kind that the 2nd Amendment was written.

Seen 10, 20 and 30 round mags but not a 15 round.  My handguns only take 10 round, but as soon as they make a 15 I will buy it.

Tobacco is related to over four hundred thousand deaths a tear in the U.S how about ban that.theres gonna be a war its coming!!!!!!

What happened to our news reporters. Californial just decided to take 120mil from small business in the form of taxes and not one word on the issue.

These laws will not make our country one bit safer and our politicians should get off their steady diet of "STUPID PILLS".

We protect our president with guns.We protect our congressmen with guns.We protect our governors with guns.We protect our celebrities with gunsWe protect our sporting events with guns.We protect our banks and currency with guns.We protect our office buildings with guns.We protect our factories with guns.We protect our courts with guns.We protect our most precious children with a sign that says "this is a gun free zone"....and then finally call someone WITH A GUN after there is already an emergency.

It shouldn't matter if you are a Repub. or a Dem., This is about our Constitution...And when push comes to shove that's how/where the line will be drawn..

Bravo to the Sheriff's in CO who do NOT support this farce. The Governor and leftist legislators (transplants from Kalifornya) need to all take a Constitutional law class.

Many people here are correct. This is not about guns themselves. It's about the government taking away our freedom to choose. So called "Democratic" governments are slowly eroding our rights and people think it's all in the name of safety. It's #$%$

hmmm a state that lets u smoke weed but wants to take away your guns....

I can hardly wait for the next election. Goodbye demonrats.

Gun control isn't about guns, its about controlAll the criminals will be headed for Colorado! Give Chicago and New York a bit of a breather!

Marijuana is legal but guns soon might not be. Typical libtard logic.

“Those who beat their swords into plowshares usually end up plowing for those who didn’t.?” – Ben Franklin

criminals like gun free zones and gun infringements place on the citizens, it makes their crimes and murdering easy.

Guess he don't like being governor, can't wait for the elections to get here !!!!

The criminals in Colorado are rejoicing at the politicians stupidity.

Boycott any and all states that enact this type of Illegal legislation. Play the same game the Extreme Radical Left does.  Stop them from destroying this Great Nation, by Any means necessary.  The Extreme Left and their ilk will learn the hard way that this is a Constitutional Republic, NOT a Mob rule Democracy.

The Columbine shooters used legal 10 round magazines.  Why doesn't he sign a bill punishing criminals?

Yet more laws to suppress the 2nd amendment. I hope the right thinking people of Colorado will challenge these laws in federal court. There are already enough gun laws on the books that criminals ignore. How does the Co. state government expect criminals to abide by their new anti-gun legislation?But this brings up an interesting quagmire for liberals who support more gun laws and back ground checks for law abiding citizens. That question is, how does this legislation differ from states that passed required voter ID legislation? If voter ID requirements suppresses the right to vote of the poor, minorities, and the elderly, doesn't it also suppress their right to keep and bear arms? It's a lot easier to obtain an ID proving who you are when you go to vote, than having the government checking every nook and cranny of your personal life before you're able to buy a weapon. As a country, we are making less sense every day, and every day, common sense becomes less common.

If they can't mandate illegals and democrats pay for their ID's for the right to vote,how can they mandate Americans pay for their right to bear arms? Can you say Constitutional lawsuits??????2014 is going to be thebyear of the republican in quite a few states.

“We cannot expect the Americans to jump from capitalism to Communism, but we can assist their elected leaders in giving Americans small doses of socialism until they suddenly awake to find they have Communism.”  Nikita Khrushchev, 1959

Not one of these laws would have stopped the excuse they are using to draft them.

I guarantee you that this guy will end up just like Charlie Crist (the ex-governor of Florida) did.... as a TV spokesman for some liability attorney somewhere.

Magpul you are welcome in NC.

Bet this govenor loses next election. I understand the people of Colorado are very upset with this.

One person's God-given liberty is equal to another person's God-given liberty, so perhaps it would be an appropriate response to limit anti-gun legislators to a maximum of 15 words of free speech at a clip.

Wow, has anyone noticed the overwhelming sentiment, on a liberal site, on this issue?!I think we can safely say that these Marxist are ruling against the will of the People.

This has been Sheppard in by Obama!!!! He set the tempo, and now Colorado's delinquent Representatives likeRhonda Marshall Fields, a past criminal with multiple arrests for shoplifting and larceny, is now rallying to Obama’s signals, Fields is going to turn ordinary Coloradoans into criminals now, People Stand up—your Representatives are selling you—excuse—have sold you out!!!!

He just signed his 2014 removal, along with all the legislatures voting for the bills in that pro Second amendment State. 2014 is going to be a wipe-out for anti-Second Amendment voters in the South, West, swing States, and every conservative leaning district. Throw in more liberal States with a bad economy and you are going to see an outright political bloodbath, and rightly so.The Constitution is pretty clear on this. So are all the historical accounts. The Constitutional Right to bear arms is for civilians to have the ability to defend themselves and our country from a US government turned tyrannical.

What is needed is personal responsibility and morals. You can't legislate either one of those.

He is breaking the constitution and therefore should be impeached.

People should try reading Heller v District of Columbia. In that decision the Supreme Court held:  "The Second Amendment protects an individual right to possess a firearm unconnected with service in a militia, and to use that arm for traditionally lawful purposes, such as self-defense within the home."There are a lot of other interesting things in that decision and other decisions that make them a must read. However, it all boils down to this. Certain states like CO and NY have or are going to pass gun control legislation. It will be challenged in court. Those states will spend millions in court fee's defending the legislation if not tens of millions. Then they will loose.To a politician publicity is good. Even the bad publicity of loosing a court fight that costs theirstate money. It gets their names in the headlines and makes reelection that much easier for them when you consider how uninformed most of the electorate is.Another good read is the 14th Amendment, in particular the Due Process Clause. Once you understand the, go on to McDonald v Chicago to see how that clause was interpreted in another gun case by the Supreme Court

Before people give in and give up any more gun rights.... You better look and see whay happened in the UK today. The government and the banks just took 10 percent of all bank accounts in Cyprus UK. Google cyprus banking crisis

New York City has Bloomberg, we've got Hickenflopper...

Chickenpooper can say goodby to Magpul industries while he's signing the bill along with he 700 jobs his state will no longer have...

FAILURE.

In Colorado they  blame cars for drunk drivers so why not blame guns for violent evil people. Who could argue with that logic.

WOW this is great news as it will probably get voters off their duffs and vote these clowns out of office in 2014.The point of all of this is not to fight "gun" violence or decrease crime.  The point is to slowly, incrementaly prep  the clueless for total gun resistration and eventual confiscation.  The good news is it will never work.  TO MANY GUNS!  Fortunately, the libtard politicians are the clueless ones in this regard.  Any attempt to confiscate firearms from the general public will be met with immediate, organized resistance.  After that, IT'S ON and the world we know is gone forever.

Liberals and Democrats of Colorado, you have shown the world that you are a special kind of stupid.

im moving to a more conservative state.

Reflection as a young man making my 4th tour to Viet Nam 3 were uneventful, I did my job worked unbelievable hours counted the days that I would be home . On the 4 tour we were heavily attacked on numerous occasions. Ducking lead, like it or not makes you focus . Then there was a wake up.

This will be as effective at curbing gun violence as trying to stop a tank flying down a mountain, not happening.

Magpul is welcome in Wyoming!!!

As we reported yesterday, state Senate Judiciary Chairman Tick Segerblom (D-3) held an "informational" hearing on gun control today featuring a panel that was exclusively anti-gun.  Senator Segerblom even went so far as to say that the intent was not to have a “balanced” hearing and those with opposing views can express their opinions during the time for public comment.  The hearing lasted two hours and the time allowed for public comment was a pathetic ten minutes.Your action is needed NOW.  Contact members of the Senate Judiciary Committee and respectfully request they oppose such lopsided discussions on our constitutional rights.

Either vote him and every other gun control fool out of office or stew in your own mess.

Liberals, by nature, are control freaks. Conservatives, by nature, are tolerant of others, as long as those others LEAVE US THE HECK ALONE!

James Holmes passed the democrat party "background check" to receive $25k in annual fed grant money.. (tiny little fact democrats &amp; their media w*h*o*r*e*s always seem to leave out).Feinstein, Pelosi, Obama, Boxer, Kerry, Clinton and entire democrat federal education grant entitlement machine purchased Holmes weapons &amp; ammo. FACT! ($25,000 in annual grant money).

Hickenlooper should pay for his own security detail out of his own pocket.

The CO Democrats just created their own grass-roots opposition army.  And gun-owners WILL go door-to-door to run vulnerable anti-gun politicians out of office.  Nothing like having your rights taken away AND being made a criminal all in one swoop to rouse people out of their lethargy.  Those who went along with the Denver Democrats had better know their support percentages, because they just alienated a very active and very unforgiving constituency.  And, worse yet, a constituency that crosses party lines.  Next election, there will be Democratic gun-owners voting for pro-gun Republicans (or Democratic primary challengers). Payback is a beast.

"Colorado governor will sign three gun control measures on Wednesday"It's called falling on your sword for the Great and Glorious Leader.

Seems like Colorado should review their positions in government. I think the voters will have a lot to say about what position you hold next time. Karma is a tough thing, and you are going to suffer the voters choices this time.

Hey criminals and wackos, take note COLORADO A GUN FREE ZONE.  They want all of you to come and visit and have a great time and even though you will have to bring your own automatic weapons and ammo you will not have any compitition.

You CO libs voted for it,now you got it..Congrats Colorado..Signing of this legislation will cost CO 600 jobs.Magpul said they will indeed leave the state and lay off all employees and move to another state if the magazine restriction law is passed..Hey magpul,TN welcomes you with open arms..

Boycott Colorado, come to Northern NM. instead. Stay away from Santa Fe, unless you have lots of money. Try Red River, Taos, Chama, Angel Fire, You won't be disapointed! Check them out online!

And you just removed at least two employers from the state idiot.........

I live in New York and expect this sort of anti-American #$%$ here.  But what happened to Colorado?  I guess it is the home of South Park.Colorado has gone Gay, it was once a great state, its now ....Hale who knows!!!!

While guns were used, the problem is NOT the gun.  It is the PERSON!This series of bills is the quick way to garner votes, appear like you are serious about curbing or stopping the violence, and dodges the underlying cause of the problem.  PEOPLE."Former University of Colorado neuroscience graduate student James Holmes, 25, has been charged with multiple counts of first-degree murder in that case." BUT, What was his reasoning?  Why did he do it? What possessed him to want to take a human life?  It cannot be the gun! It has to be the person himself. He and he alone is accountable for his actions.Fifteen rounds can still accomplish a lot of damage.  But, if it makes the Governor feel good, so be it. Maybe it is a good compromise, leaving the weapon alone.Never mind the glorified violence that the entertainment cranks out continuously.  Never mind that some folks can are are influenced by this nonsensical and violent form ofentertainment as much as others are influenced by art, or musicals, or the gentler side of life as depicted in movies.Never mind that the gun cannot act; that only a person can act.

Is this part of Obama’s claim to want to fundamentally change America, to have past criminal Rhonda Marshall Fields (D) gain a position of Representation in Colorado Government, and then pass gun control Infringement policies against our 2nd Amendment? Coloradans, Fire your Representatives, this gun control move is agaisnt all us Americans, flood your streets!!!

Democrats = Greece,  bankrupt cities, violent crime, fleeing companies.. Not too bright

Make no mistake, the gun grabbers' TRUE motives behind gun registration is always the same- outright GUN CONFISCATION! Having a national registry is a sneaky way to find out where the lawfully-owned guns are so they can be confiscated- nothing more, and nothing less. Anyone remember the original movie "Red Dawn"...the population was disarmed when the country got invaded, thanks to the gun registry.

Boycott Colorado.  Boycott New York.  Boycott California.  (etc.)

victims all have one thing in common, no means of defense.

Colorado - Please, please, please - tell the rest of us how you converted your criminals into law-abiding citizens? Surely the criminals will follow all the new laws, even if they couldn't follow the old ones.

Colorado governor goes against his oath.

The immigrants from other states that brought all the problems to Colorado are now fully focused on destroying my state.The governor can kiss my #$%$

As soon as Magpul takes their 600 jobs to another state , he will be looking for another job. Can't wait to see him voted out.

And the next bill to be signed on his desk is HOMOSEXUAL ACTS to be allowed in PUBLC....Wouldn`t surprise me after what this bunch of clows just did!!!

Hickenpooper is up for re-election NEXT YEAR. He's an idiot if he signs these. Americans don't like being blamed for the crimes of others, and don't like being treated as potential criminals who are untrustworthy of having their rights to possess property.

more ran'dumb' numbers that mean nothing just so the politicians can say look I did something now give me money and vote for me so i can take more of your freedom.

I think we the people will have a vote shortly,,,, hopefully these socialists will not be able to do too much damage before they can be put on the unemployment line

Magpul Industries your welcomed to bring your business to Louisiana.. We want the employment and the boost to our economy..

The wild Wild West actually had a very low gun murder rate. Everyone carried a gun. Just as important, everyone respected everyone else.

Let's pass "universal background" checks on Osama.

Hickenlooper's, Obama's and the socialist's agenda: Take all their guns - take all their money - buy drones!November 5, 2014  headlines read:"Massacre at colorado state capital!  Democrats met their demise by law abiding citizens!"

Never mind that in BOTH of those worst shootings in US history were laws broken that were already on the books.People: you will feel good about this now, but it will happen again regardless of the further infringement of your rights to defend yourself as citizen.

What a joke. So, you think the 'bad guys' are going to stop using their guns? Idiots, the bad guys are the only ones who are going to have guns. You defenseless people are going to be the victims. The firearms people are going to leave Colorado and leave you idiots high and dry.

Coloradians, is taking guns away and smoking dope more important than getting Jessica's law pasted and stopping little children from being raped? Have you all gone nuts out there?

"could bar gun purchases by domestic violence offenders"  tis already a Federal law so they are saying they've been letting that slide??

Waste of time.

Well, I guess I did not expect anything else from a LIBERAL DEMOCRAT open borders, sanctuary state.  SADLY at one time it was otherwise a FREE state of COLORADO.  I am sure the RURAL areas are feeling left out of the system run by the BIG cities of BOOULDER and DENVER.  (No that is not a miss-spelling, it was intended.)

Liberalism at its finest. Criminals will love Colorado and your opening up your citizens up to it. Good thinking.....won't change a damn thing other than put law abiding citizens at a disadvantage to the criminal element including their govt.

At least these laws were implemented by a state vs the federal government. Easier to get a new governor and set of lawmakers to get the laws overturned. States should and do have the say in these matters, the feds should keep out of state business.

With a name like Hickenlooper, he's just GOT to be a nincompoop.this country is the worlds top arms exporter while it tries to disarm its people.

That Governor must smokin some pretty good jit !

According to the left wing zealots we have in politics.......We're not supposed to judge all Muslims by the acts of a few "crazies".But the acts of a few American “crazies” is enough to judge all Americans who own guns!

For all of you who think the NRA has been "suppressing" the numbers of gun crimes--well, you are simply uneducated folks who have slipped into the mire of Left Wing propaganda.And the FBI facts are that gun crimes have been DECLINING in this country for the PAST FOUR YEARS--NOT increasing! Firearms murders — which made up 67 percent of all murders in the U.S. in 2010 — decreased by 14 percent.As ALWAYS, the major centers of gun crimes and murders occur in Democrat-controlled, gang infested cities like Chicago, Washington, D.C., Oakland and Los Angeles, New York City, Atlanta, Memphis, etc..For example, someone posted that Arizona doesn't do background checks. Really? The stats show they've done over 250K this year alone. In comparison, they did over 900K background checks in LEFT WING California.Do NOT believe everything you read, folks. The media is using you as a tool to get what Obama wants.

I guess the Old Hippies and their Doper dweebs have won a battle.  There will be No Mounties when the roof caves in !

Hear me, and hear me now, Colorado "lawmakers" !You are in for a big, BIG fight ! Infringing on the 2nd Amendment of the U.S. Constitution will get you nothing but grief !  The United States Constitution shall prevail in spite of your Marxist ways !You will not dis-arm Americans, and you will not abrogate our Constitution.

Colorado should do a recall election.

Did anyone actually consult the voters of CO to see how they stand on this? Bet not. Well kiss your A goodbye all you politicians that voted for this. You just comitted political suicide!

Olympus has fallen.

Vote him out as soon as possible.One thing all these politicians love is re election. Elections are coming.

It stupidity of liberals absolutely amazes me. These new laws WON'T work. Look no further than Chicago and D.C. California also has crazy gun crime rates, and they also have very restricting gun laws. The ONLY people that suffer are law abiding gun owners. Criminals will STILL obtain guns illegally.

It should be exciting to see the first criminal submit to a background check and pay for it themselves.  I hope the lib media in CO covers it on live TV.

I heard about these wimps in Colorado and now I see them in a photo for the first time and yeah, they look like typical wimps.

Colorado, welcome to California.. NEXT: comes bankrupt cities/budgets, overrun by illegals, roads and streets in shambles, MS13, public unions raping the tax payers, fleeing businesses, $5 per gallon fuel, 1/4 population living off the taxpayer.. (good luck w/that).

Democrats want TOTAL gun confiscation. They are truly anti-American and a clear and present danger to our individual rights.

Just one signature would mean that he has broken the oath of office.. Throw the bum out.

These bills will not stop ONE criminal!

Please, tell me you fleeping IDIOT democrats: How do you plan to make criminals follow this law when you can't make them follow any of the rest of them? I mean, last time I checked, murder and drugs were illegal, but the criminals still do and get them. Leave it to a democrat ideal set to miss the target, literally. Please don't breed, the world doesn't need your idiocy spread anymore.

Yeah the gun ban sure helped prevent Columbine,Am surely hoping some state government officials LOSE their jobs come election time!!!

Yep as someone else said in a previous post; "It's time we start closely examining the meaning of the phrase "enemies of  the Constitution, foreign and domestic"."

There is no law against taping two 15 round mags together. I can change mags in 1/2 second.

And criminals will not break THIS law!

They even try to ban women having concealed weapons!!!!

“Laws that forbid the carrying of arms...disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes... Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man.” (Quoting Cesare Beccaria)

We mustn't infringe a non-American citizen's imaginary "right" to vote in this country by expecting him/her to pay for a photo ID, but Colorado is going to infringe the constitutionally guaranteed right of the people to keep and bear arms by forcing them to pay for their own background check.Amazing, this hypocrisy, no? Or are Colorado gun buyers simply being discriminated against as a class?

Gun laws are for law abiding citizens only. Criminal thugs win another round.

Looks like all Gun Crimes are finished in Colorado. Unless the state doesn't enforce the criminal charges for these violations. Like the Laws they already don't support. More paperwork for people to feel good about themsleves. That and more criminals in Colorado. Because the only folks they are going to charge will be the ones that were never really a danger in the first place.

Great! Colorado will be as safe as Chicago now.  The two big 'Cs' in safety.Headline should read :Colorado governor will sign three ineffective and unconstitutional gun control measures on Wednesday

That'll really get those criminals!!!

Another Socialist Liberal....idiot DA! Hope he enjoyed his time as governor.

The Democrats are taking away our right to defend ourselves!

Awesome, more freedom!  oh wait........

Looks like Hickenlooper, the court jester, has bowed down to King Obama. I feel sorry for the, gun owning, citizens of Colorado.

The Governor is a domestic enemy against the Constitution. Safety through oppression?

Not one single one of those bills would have altered the history of Colorado even one iota.Their marijuana policies on the other hand.......

The Constitution was designed to LIMIT GOVERNMENT and PROTECT INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS. These people think it's the other way around.

why don't they pass laws that WILL do some good as making it easier to put wackos who did the shootings in the looney binMagpul come to wyoming its illegal to pass any new gun legislation. BOYCOTT COLORADO!!!

sandy hook was a rotten stinking lie.

Is there a difference between backround checks and universal backround checks? Does the new law state if the info is going to be retained?

sandy hook was a false flag gun grab.

The California disease is spreading. I hope it gets cured before the infection reaches Washington.

I bet Magpul is placing a very large order for boxes and packing tape right now.

see all the low ratings Yahoo wont print? but, they have large numbers...the press wil be one big target when it starts,,,,

“What country can preserve its liberties if their rulers are not warned from time to time that their people preserve the spirit of resistance. Let them take arms.” – Thomas Jefferson

gun owners are targeted but child molesters are protected, what a country, the dems have their priorities all screwed up

How much time was wasted on these new laws that won't make any difference?This will definitely stop the criminal from using his gun illegally.

This law will just be added to the countless other laws that criminals ignore. Where it will make the most difference is in the ability to defend yourself against an unruly mob. If you think America is immune to riots, I have two words for you: Rodney King.

None of those measures will save any lives.  They'll just make the liberals feel better.

do you really think crimminals  or twisted  people really care about your laws  that you pass, let your citizens arm themselves to protect themselves

Once again Loopy foists lib excesses on the lowly voter, regardless of the facts that all their "ideas" have been tried and failed. We did something, anything, ah I "feel" better.Just how good does it "feel" to put citizens at a disadvantage, while you are surrounded by armed security?

Maybe they can do a Scott Walker thing to their weenie Gov...A re-call might be a way to reverse the damage done there but you have Denver...a lot of Libs have infiltrated there after totally effing up San Fran and NY..there is your problem... Folks up In Colorado!!

Way to go Obama Libterds. Now Mississippi will get all of your gun companies who have vowed to leave the state. Many people in Colorado will lose their jobs because of you stupid Libterds.

Could part of our problems be that there are so many laws regulating one thing?  Why not combine the three laws into one?  Why three?

1. Ft Hood Shooter - Registered Democrat and a Muslim2. Columbine Shooters - Both families were registered Dem's. and progressive liberals3. Virginia Tech Shooter- Mentaly ill, Registered Dem., wrote hate mail to Pres. Bush and to his staff.4. Aurora Colo. Cinema Shooter - Mentaly ill, Registered Dem., staff worker on the Obama campaign. OWS'er.5. Connecticut School Shooter- Mentaly ill, Registered Dem., hated christians,6. Christopher Jordan Dorner - Registered Dem., repeatedly praised Obama, Feinstein•Common thread is that all of these shooters were progressive liberal democrats and several were mentaly ill.

They are not taking away my protection of my family and the rights of my children from gangbangers and thugs. Promise you!!19 Trillion in Debt.. Time to disarm the People....

Tennessee would love to have Magpul come to our state. We need the jobs and we'll buy your products.

why don't they ban big cokes while they are at it.

Colorado needs to look at why they are a leader in teen serial killers and not what weapons were used.

Can not believe it!!! Colorado is like back to the Sodom time, gun control for law abiding citizens, but drugs is OK, and pedophiles are treated "FAIR"!!!

Oh I'm sure things will continue to improve in Colorado.....

a well arm people will always be a free people.

Hey Colorado! While your busy signing bills, how about signing Jessica's Law! I once had a strong desire to visit Colorado, that desire has since gone.

democrats are still thinking we are all slaves and can order us around,those days are over the republican lincoln set the slaves free and these days the blacks vote for the democrat ,go figure! and here they are now taking your right to keep and bear arms ,and you people will probably still vote for the demorats,your ancestors would kick your #$%$ for voting for the man!

Once again, liberals exploit a tragedy and use it as an excuse to trample the Constitution and inflict their anti-gun agenda on law-abiding citizens.The Government will go as far as you let them, If you don't do nothing next year they will take more rights until you wake up from watching football and find yourself in a concentration camp.

“When governments fear the people, there is liberty. When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government.” - Thomas Jefferson

I'm still hoping for a civil war II.  Where we can shoot all of these traitors and comunist thieves

This nation is not "reeling from mass shootings." The actions of a few deranged individuals are destroying the second amendment for law abiding citizens. The elite and their money, climbing the bodies of dead children, are doing what they do best...Taking freedom.

This is an utter waste of time.  If they actually wanted to solve the problem, the Legislature would have addressed the mental health issues that lead to these tragedies.  Or failing that, they could have at least eliminated some of the "gun-free" victim zones.

Crazy Colorado now joins Kooky Kalifornia.  God bless Texas.

"This year will go down in history. For the first time, a civilized nation has full gun registration. Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient, and the world will follow our lead into the future!"   Adolf Hitler 1935Liberal Democrates....following Hitler's lead into the future!I guess the liberals think they are doing something new and different with gun control! Gun control didn't work out so well for the Jew's or Germany! But hey, history never repeats itself anyways! Couldn't happen in the U.S. could it? The liberals know what it best for you....they would never hurt you...just ask Hitler, he made his streets safer right?!

They got to keep King Obama happy.

Did Magpul decide were they were moving?

Every leftist anti gun activist, starting with Gov. Loopy, should be mandated to install "GUN FREE ZONE" signs all around their property. If they are true believers, they will comply.Yes, those stupid liberals are going to cost that state a billion dollars in boycotts, lost wages and lost companies this year alone.  Oh yes the voters ought have some public hangings of politicians when the next massacre happens too.  They have done nothing to prevent it from happening again.  Some whaco will do it sooner or later and you Coloradoans should hold these jerks responsible.

A concealed hand gun permit over the internet??? Even as a gun totin' Texan, I think THAT'S crazy!!!!!!!!The magazine ban is just stupid and designed to make the voters think that the politicians really care. Any half way practiced nutter can do more damage with a bunch of small magazines than an up-practiced on can do with a 30 round magazine!!!!!Domestic violent offenders are on our "no go" list for concealed carry also .... just makes sense.Politicians .... a form of the word politics! Poli - from the Greek word for many .... and tics - every dog knows what they are!!!!!

Why does the DHS call their new selectable full or semi automatic rifles "personal defense weapons" but call my semi only AR-15 an assault rifle?!

Hitler took everyones guns too.  It's 15 round clips today, 7 round ones tomorrow and then in 3 years you'll be trying to stab an intruder with a pencil.  Of course, the intruder will have a gun since criminals don't abide by the laws.  That's what makes them criminals. DUH!

“This year will go down in history. For the first time, a civilized nation has full gun registration. Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient and the world will follow our lead into the future.” - Adolf Hitler, 1935We have a Govenor without brains or balls.....

No Piglet would ever be so stupid as to try to enforce a gun control ban  ! AH HA HA  ! !

Hitler first enacted "sensible gun controls" with national registration. Then he used that registration as a hit list, and confiscated all weapons unless someone was a confirmed party loyalist. Then he killed many many of the former gun owners. They were considered too independent minded to fit into Hitlers' fundamental transformation.

Three more meaningless and ineffective measures to satisfy emotions rather than reason.

Sign all the unconstitutional laws you want, Governor! There are enough sheriffs who, unlike you, take seriously their oath to defend and protect the constitution. Good luck taking anything from anybody. 85,000,000 law abiding gun owners killed nobody today but if the government ever tries taking their guns away then they had better expect to receive the bullets first!

Let the lawsuits begin.THIS is why you NEVER elect a Democrat to public office higher than DOGCATCHER. They have ZERO respect for the US Constitution!

I wish the progressives could have their utopian nightmare without ruining my children's future.  What's so noble about total dependency on a incapable government?  What's so wrong with individual liberty and freedom?

my wife and I will sell out here and move to wyoming.  god cursed liberal idealistic pukes.they screwed up california and now they move here and screw up colorado.  god I hate liberals and all god cursed democrats.  when i move my business north, I will make sure not to hire any god cursed liberals, democrats or supporters of democrats.  they can starve as far as i care.

Yo butter bottom, why not just pass a law saying criminals are my highest priority, any attempt by law abiding citizens to disrupt or interfere with with the rights of violent criminals will not be tolerated.

Impeach the communist for treason

These regulations will place more burden on honest citizens and do absolutely nothing to reduce crime or violence. I'm glad that I live in Texas!Magpul....come on down!

And you Coloradans thought voting liberal was GREAT! This is what you voted for lay in it and count your sheep, and hope one doesn't come in the back door!

Pass a bill to rename your state to, COLIFORNIRADO

Watch out for an entirely new Colorado state legislature next election.

Criminals obeyed the laws we already have so much, imagine how much more they will obey these new ones.  Pft.Replace the word "Gun", with "abortion" and see what people say. How about "Abortion limits", or "Background checks before abortions", or "abortion registration". I have a feeling that wouldn't fly very far.

Isnt this the same state that passed a RAPE free zone,  Every girl should wear a shirt that says that, then their wont be any rapes, right mindless low info obaggers

Ever notice that the states that HAVE THE MOST PROBLEMS are the ones FULL OF LIBERALS?  Will somebody explain the correlation?

And the lawbreakers trembled...

A conservative hears a talk show host they don't agree with or like, and they change the channel.A liberal hears a talk show they don't like or agree with, and make it their life mission to have them removed from the air.

And in both famous shootings, the criminal broke all the laws that were already in place.  Now take away the rights of honest law-abiding citizens to again, deter nothing.  Guns do not kill people, criminals and whacko's kill people.  And passing these laws are just moronic when u look at the statistics.  They would be much better off outlawing being FAT if they actually want to save lives.  430,000 people a year die of obesity related diseases.  35,000 from ALL guns and less than 6% of those by long guns, let alone AR's.

Get a rope

Sweet, im hoping MAGPUL will move to Oregon now! More jobs and 30rd mags for us.

who wants to bet gun related violence will NOT decrease in Colorado?

"...shall not be infringed."Colorado is becoming California very quickly.  This is a cancer.....

None of these measures would have prevented the Aurora shootings! And someone needs to really look into the measure where the gun purchaser must pay for his own back ground check! This has to be considered punishment to a law abiding citizen making a legal purchase. Next we will see stores charging us for age verification checks when buying beer and cigarettes, or police charging us a fee in a trafic stop for checking our licences.

How much will a background check cost?

No more Colorado for me.

HE.LL BE FLIPPING BURGERS AT MCDONALDS NEXT TERM

Knee jerk reaction by jerk politicians.

Hold on to your religion , money , guns &amp; ammo till the leftists are gone  !

Democrats BOUGHT James Holmes' guns, ammo &amp; gear. (a $25,000 annual fed ed grant partnership between democrats &amp; Holmes). FACT!

You folks do know that Coloradical is a blue state with state Democrats controlling both the house, the senate and the governor?

"Gun Free Zone" Translation: We are all unarmed here, feel free to come and kill us with no resistance.I guess government needs to regulate THC levels and tax the hell out of weed. ,, that will get Colorado voters attention

Crack head and weed smokers sold out the 2nd amendment.

Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.5 words in both of these are the same "the right of the people" what is next are the dems gonna tell us what books we can read and how many we can own?

I think I smell a skunk .

Gun owners Boycott all products and services from Colorado

And there goes the 2nd. How long before they trample on the first?

If they would just ban schools and theatres, they would do so much more to make us safe.

As if the bill will stop anyone. A criminal doesn't listen to the law, when are these lawmaker will understand?? Never I guess

Attaboy!  Bet the folks in Cyprus regret that they elected loons like you decades ago.  Bet the thieves in their government are tickled pink.

Remember, Freedom WILL NEVER BE Free!Methology:  "Colorado has to lead the way.  Instead of one, all encompasing bill, lets make three smaller, confusing ones - it will look like we're actually accomplishing something...".

I have always wondered how events that happened at Aurora and Sandy Hook would be different today if someone was armed and stopped the gunman from killing too many people.Would we still be talking about it?

I used to be a proud citizen of colorado untill all the libs started moving in.

Ok voters in Colorado, are you going to dump these gun grabbers in 2014 or are you going to sit home and take another hit of that new bong?

I say Coloradans need to revolt in opposition. Arrest your elected officials and charge them with treason to the US Constitution and throw them in prison. If these were not more civil times they would be executed.

Hey, Liberals...don't like guns?Then DON'T BUY ONE!There...now wasn't that easy?

Liberals always side with the evil ones, at the expense of the victims. They are so anxious to protect the "rights" of foreign terrorist, or the "rights" of illegal aliens, or the assailants over the assault victims, while trampling citizens rights.

LETS SUM THINGS UP:1. Obama takes away our guns via "False Flag"operations (Sandy Hook, Aurora theater shooting, Sikh temple)2. The Government stocks piles huge mountains of ammunition, leaving none left for the public.3. The Department of Homeland Security purchases some 2800 armored vehicles.4. Obama authorizes drone's to kill American citizens on American soil.5. The government is stockpiling 500,000 plastic coffins in Georgia.6. Fema Camps (900 of them across the US).7. Obama takes control of the media.8. Obama signs executive orders giving himself a third term.Maybe I'm a little paranoid. Let Obama get control of the House in 2014 and lets see who is paranoid.

Make sure you are up to date on your membership dues with Gun Owners of America, Oath Keepers, The National Rifle Association, The National Association for Gun Rights, and any local gun rights organizations in your area. Send donations if you can, get involved if you care.

Man made laws don't trump natural or God-given rights.THIS IS WHY, AND WHY THE PEOPLE OF COLORADO SHOULD BE FREAKING: We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. — That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, — That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security. — Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.

Yes, let's all have yet even still MORE and MORE Gun Laws.THAT SHOULD SOLVE THE PROBLEM!

Unfortunately many Californians have moved to CO after they screwed up that state and brought their politics with them.

Nothing about mental health? Stupid waste and hopefully he'll lose his job.

Can the states arbitrarily make laws? That is a constitutional right. I see a big fight coming up. Don't let them take away our constitutional rights!

I'm disgusted with my state.

lets see,    It only takes a second to change a mag.    So a person can carry three or four 15 round mags and have more fire power that a 17 or 30 round magazine.  The people passing these laws are completely uneducated about this subject.  what a bunch of jokers.

Tyrants! Usurpers! Traitors! = Democrats

Recall these traitors .......

got to get the Dems-wits out there in 2014,,I guess passing Jessica,s law, which protects kids from rapist,s was a little more than Hickenlooper could manage,,, Gun Control, more visible and "in" right now,, Colorado is a very big state,,good luck.....from the boonies.

Either these politicians will be voted out in 2014, or this country is gone.

I always thought that California was the only state that would elect a Democratic Moron Gov. Welcome aboard Colorado. Well done.

The overwhelming majority of all murders are committed by Demorat voters in demorat strongholds, such as Chicago, DC, Detroit etc.Solution: confiscate and ban all Demorats from possessing firearms! Problem solved.

"UNIVERSAL" background checks, except for GANG MEMBERS! Do you really think that America's gangs, responsible for 90% of gun murders will go through background checks.  This law only applies to MIDDLE CLASS AMERICANS!

The only people this law punishes is law abiding citizens. What criminal is going to stop and check on current laws before he plans an armed robbery or murder?

There are laws already in the books that say mentaly ill people (like the mentaly ill people that shot Giffords, the Aurora Cinema, the Newtown school) cannot legaly own or posses firearms but many of the states do not enforce the laws that would make psychiatrists tell the state or the Feds when someone is dangerous to others but instead they hide that fact under the guise of 'privacy for the mentaly ill'.   As long as states do not enforce laws that already exsist and mentaly ill people are not identified and are allowed to get guns then adding more laws for background checks are meaningless.

Communism Salutes You!

next election and the next its time to vote these #$%$ out of office!

The governor of CO is weak and without vision.  He is no leader.  If he were he would lock up the jerks that perpetrate these crimes when they act out earlier in life.  Whether criminal or mental, the disgusting creeps that act out violently are subjecting us to spinless leaders like Hickenlooper.ANY gun restricting law will not end there. Liberal gangrene sets in and rots your freedoms.

When seconds count, the police will be there in minutes.

And what becomes of the millions of high cap mags out there, I suppose that the criminals that own them will come running to hand them over, what a joke! And the majority of them that are owned by law abiding citizens will be the ones targeted! #$%$ Barry and Biden, you keep your shotgun and I will keep what I feel I want and need!!!!!!!!!!!

Good bye Colorado. You for sure will not see me or any of my skiing friends again. I wonder how it will affect your state income, real estate values, population. Hope Californians will start moving there to complete the death spiral.

Colorado, has just become a, pass thru state, for quite a good many Americans...

They don't need gun control.  They need LIBERAL CONTROL!

Hmm, Let's see New York, Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Connecticut and California are on the boycott list for all vacations. Looks like Texas and a few midwestern states will get the few thousand I blow on vacations every year.

“If the representatives of the people betray their constituents, there is then no recourse left but in the exertion of that original right of self defense which is paramount to all positive forms of government…” – Alexander Hamilton, The Federalist (#28)

This will not bring the dead back, this will not stop the criminals, this will not stop the crazies as they will find other means. In short this will not do ANY good. Because of a few rotten apples you don't keep the whole class after school. It only punishes lawful citizens. Maybe thats the agenda after all, the government has admitted it won't work, yet they are still doing it..........

The Democrats screamed about Water Boarding, but now drone strikes on Americans on American soil, crickets...........CO Gov. Hickenlooper is a radical Progressive Gun-Grabber.  He has donated large sums to the radical think tank "Tides Foundation".  Google it.

Can we only hope and pray that his new bill doesn't match the success that the "jackass" (obama quote) running Chicago has with the strict gun laws, or the "F"ing (biden quote) idiot running New York. I'm sad to think that this is another bleeding heart liberal trying to fix a problem that doesn't exist since it's not a gun problem its a people problem.

So, are they going to confiscate our 30 round mags? Not likely.  Notice how warm and fuzzy democrats feel when they restrict free citizens rights.

What a screwed up state Colorado has turned out to be!

Any law signed by a state official regarding the 2nd amendment is unconstitutional. The constitution gives that power to the people and it cannot be infringed upon.

Colorado needs a change of govenor!

All of the guns used in both of those shootings were bought legally!After the next mass shooting happens,will those political clowns admit that they were stupid for coming up with these laws?

No doubt these new laws will be challenged in court and an appeals court will rule it unconstitutional.

I know this, if I have to sit on a jury because an otherwise law abiding citizen violated these tyrannical laws, I will have no choice to but to find them NOT GUILTY.  The people WILL have the final word on this.

I hope Magpul not only leaves the state but bans future sales to any government agency in the state.  Liberals have been touting "these weapons/magazines only belong in wars" -- if that's how they feel then the cops there shouldn't have them either because they are not the military.Join the NRA and protect your rights, ALL OF THEM !!!

With all the hype from the libs, one would think they would do something to protect the citizens of the state...

The following is why you CANNOT stop BAD people from doing BAD things regardless of ANY LAWS!  These 2 managed to murder almost an entire family without firing a shot!  When the guns are gone, people like this will still exist and we will have no way to protect ourselves!!!!!The story comes out of Connecticut (the state that brought you Newtown)!It involves 2 #$%$, Steven Hayes and Joshua Komisarjevsky, and an ideallic American family just minding their own lives...Dr. Petit was beaten, tied up and taken to the basement. Michaela, 11, and Hayley, 17, were tied to their beds. In the morning, Hayes took Jennifer to the bank to withdraw money, while Komisarjevsky stayed at the house.It's believed that's when Komisarjevsky sexually assaulted Michaela, the 11-year-old. Hayes was convicted of sexually assaulting the mother.After Hayes arrived back at the house with the girls' mother, she was strangled. The pair doused the house and beds with gasoline, set it ablaze and left. The sisters, bound helplessly while flames and fumes rose around them, died of smoke inhalation.Dr. Petit managed to escape the basement and hop, roll and crawl across a yard to a neighbor's house for help – too late to save his family.They are BOTH awaiting execution (like that will ever happen in MY LIFETIME) in a Connecticut prison.  All I ask is that I have a fighting chance against people like this.  Restricting MY access to guns or high capacity magazines or ammunition will only serve to leave me and my family vulnerable.  I have a RIGHT to protect myself and my family which goes beyond the Constitution...it is a basic human right!

Diane Frankenstein and John Lickmypooper are on the celebrity gun get reelected publicity tour. What a pitiful example of leadership

Idiot politicians with their idiot rationale.  Why is it so hard for them to understand that crime is already banned and people, not inanimate objects, are the reason for incidents?

nothing more than a "money making-scheme"

I think we the people will have a vote shortly,,,, hopefully these socialists will not be able to do too much damage before they can be put on the unemployment line

There more than 150 million rifles, handguns, and semi-automatics in America, and commensurate amounts of ammunition. Taking these legal weapons from the American citizens who have the 2 nd Amendment right to own and bear arms will be a task that will be regretted by those who try it. This is not a threat. It is a fact.

Governor Fool!

Governor Fool!Well time to sue.

It's interesting that the very same Democrats who say they want more gun laws in order to "keep crazy people from getting guns" oppose Sen Graham's bill that would add mental health checks to the background checks systems.Claiming they want to protect us from crazy people while opposing the bill that would do that... wouldn't that be... lying?

It used to be the Socialist State of Boulder, now it is the entire state. Wake up Colorado.

Governor Fool!

Gun banners are on the wrong side of history, back with the Klan who originally pushed "gun control" in this country. The Courts and the people will sweep their racist anti-constitutional movement into the dustbin of history.

Gun banners are on the wrong side of history, back with the Klan who originally pushed "gun control" in this country. The Courts and the people will sweep their racist anti-constitutional movement into the dustbin of history.

Lets see how fast magpul pulls out of CO. I hope it's quick.

soon to be x governor along with other anti gun politicians,cant wait till election and your a-ses are thrown out of office!!!   stupid politically correct as-holes!!!!!

I hope that the companies that threatened to leave the state if this law was passed, do. I remember a passage from Atlas Shrugged (a prophetic fictional story of our time)  when Hank Reardon of Reardon Steel realized that, when he could and should have, he hadn't taken a stand against a government that was bringing America to the point of financial ruin and loss of personal freedom. He had the opportunity but failed to do so and now it was too late. The country was in shambles.  It's not too late for the companies who threatened to leave CO, to do so.

when did colorado turn so liberal?Elections have consequences.

Creating alot more sheep for the wolves in colorado, thanks govenor hickenlooper the next mass murders if any have your hand writing on them,,wash your hands of the sheeps blood........

Once again the Democratic Socialist/Progressives are in control.  I assure you they don't give a damn about gun control or your children, just votes.  If they really cared about your children they would pass Jessica's Law.  Instead they sentence child preditors to one or two years jial time and perhaps probation.  These Liberals really believe they can cure the preditor and he will become a model citizen,"Democrat".

I sure thought the folks in Colorado would put a stop to this in their state house's. Boy was I wrong. Seems like Hickenlooper played the pipe and you all followed along. Tell Hickenlooper the pipe playing won't work in Oklahoma.

Former Attorney General Janet Reno [the butcher of Waco] said in 1993 during discussions of the 1994 Assault Weapons Ban (AWB): “Waiting periods are only a step. Registration is only a step. The prohibition of private firearms is the goal.”

I'm sure Coloradons feel safer already!

He will sign gun control laws, but won't sign Jessica's law to protect the children.  Hypocrite.

I wonder if his target will be on the front or his back?

A Jackhole in the land of jackalopes!

"If you are for gun control, then you're not against guns, because the guns will be needed to disarm people. You'll need to go around, pass laws, and shoot people who resist, kick in doors, and throw people in jail, and so on; rip up families, just to take away guns. So it's not that you're anti-gun, because you'll need the police's guns to take away other people's guns, so you're very pro-gun, you just believe that only the government (which is of course so reliable, honest, moral, virtuous, and forward-thinking) should be allowed to have guns. So there's no such thing as gun control, there's only centralizing gun ownership in the hands of a small political elite and their minions. Gun control is a misnomer." ~ Stefan MolyneuxIs this the same guy who said women wouldn't know if they were really in danger, or was that some other dumb*** from Colorado who is a misogynist?

The sheriff said he "won't bother enforcing" the laws because it would be impossible for officers to keep track of how the requirements are being met by gun owners — and he and other sheriffs are considering suing the state to block the measures if they are signed into law.

Pass all the bills you want too. The damage has already happened and now the American people have got all the guns and ammo they need. The government caused them to panic buy. A looney almost did a mass killing in Florida today. 3/18/2013.

If I lived in Colorado I would go to a gun store tomorrow and pick out a gun to buy and have my background checked.

Liberal, in the modern interpretation, means to liberally apply government. Conservative means to conservatively apply and use government.The bigger and stronger government is, the smaller and weaker the individual is. It's like a zero sum game, a strong, independent, sovereign and free man cannot exist under an oppressive big government. Which is why government was limited by the Declaration, Constitution, and Bill of Rights. Read them. They are your protection from government.

Obviously restricting gun ownership of innocent people doesn't protect innocent people.  But this isn't about protecting anyone.  It's about shoving a liberal agenda down people's throat.  The only thing that was accomplished today in Colorado was making criminals even stronger.

Which is worse nut case Liberal Politicians or nut case Liberal mass murders ?

Even felons need protection from a tyrannous government.

Paying for our own background checks, but criminals not even having to get background checks at all along with limiting our other 2nd Amendment rights is putting us at a disadvantage against criminals analogous to having the prisoners in Auschwitz pay for their own Zyklon B gas and stone bars of soap.Are the Colorado police and National Guard going to have the same limitations? Given the argument that the only purpose for "large capacity" magazines is to kill as many people as possible, what possible use can the police, who supposedly serve and protect and the National Guard which supposedly guards the nation have for something only useful for killing as many people as possible? Of course, there's always Kent State where the Ohio National Guard killed four students, but I would think that with M-14s with 20 round magazines of 7.62 x 51mm. ammo they should have been able to kill many, many more. Maybe they just didn't shoot as well as the average law abiding citizen who, in possession of "large capacity" magazines automatically turns into a crazed killer of school children.

Democrats vouched for James Holmes &amp; gave him $25,000.00 annually.. Now they want to be trusted administering fed background checks?No longer can any Democrat claim to be a moderate while passing such radically anti American legislation- thank god the SCOTUS will tomahawk these laws out of existence.

Looks like CO is off my vacation plans.

TAKE A STAND!  what if I can't find a magazine that is compliant with the new "law" (unlawful law) cuz my gun is old?  silly little measures designed to #$%$ people off.

"Assault weapons" were banned from the public in 1934. Banning squirrel guns that look like assault weapons while ignoring the mental health issues involved is just stupid. Criminals don't obey laws. They won't obey new laws, either.

Replace and Repeal 2014

More jobs &amp; massive tax revenue for Red States!.. Woooooohooooo!

I call for mandatory "Universal Background Checks" on all politicians, starting with Osama, Biden and Feinstein.

This is one of the worst cases of a knee jerk reaction by a bunch of jerk politicians. While they were messing around with these stupid decisions, 100 more mentally ill persons obtained firearms. Blame the mentally unstable idiots, the families, school personal and others who did not report them These people did not decide to do these things in a hour they planned them for a period of time.

Magpul have you found a spot in Texas to setup your new lower operating cost facility???

say goodbye to 400+ jobs and the tax money Magpul gives your state....meanwhile, back in reality. cyprus citizens see hope and change in the form of a savings taax. its when the government loots your 401k and ira to the tune of 10%...this time.and not a peep out of yahoo about the dow, debt, unemployment, or the economy, period.

Infringement people!  Wake the #$%$ up!

Liberals are and have been in this gun grab for the long haul.. They will take as much or as little of your rights as they can at any opportunity. make no mistake their goal is total confiscation. period.

How many laws will he try to pass to keep mentally unstable people from commiting violent acts?

Sign whatever you like, we will see you at the ballot booth shortly.

So even a little more than a novice shooter could accomplish the same results with six ten round magazines instead of four fifteen round magazines in not enough time to make any difference, just two more mag exchanges..... three seconds maybe... Good luck with all the feel good laws....

Let's just ban Democrat's! These aren't servants of the People, there just stupid people wanting to control defenseless people.

and I am sure thugs will willingly comply with these laws.  NOT.

People work on the same principles as any other organism. If the bacteria in your bodies goes unchecked, you get an infection. If the criminal element goes unchecked, society gets an infection.My weapon is my anti-biotic against societies criminal element.

What an idiot.look at the bright side at least you can buy weed....... go figure!

thanks for putting more people out of work

Here we go again.  What is the percentage of legal gun owners who have committed crimes in Colorado?  What's the percentage of criminals that purchased a firearm that they otherwise could not have because of a background check from a private sale (FBI stats nationally are under 4% of all criminals who used a firearm).  How many people will not buy a firearm because they have to pay for a background check?The aim of these bills is right at the legal gun owners, NOT at the criminals.  These laws will not prevent crimes. They will not deter criminals any more than the laws already in existence.  And before you go off on that, that doesn't mean I advocate NO laws.  The point is that these laws are supposed to reduce gun violence, but more than 99% of legal gun owners NEVER use their firearms in a crime.  So why so much focus on the less than 1% as a proposed solution to a problem?  Where is the focus on gangs, those who suffer mental problems, and on the criminals?  THESE are the people who are responsible for the VAST majority of gun violence and yet I see NOTHING in these laws aimed at them.This is nothing but a sham to make people think they will be safer and to make voters think these politicians really are doing something of value.  People will NOT be safer and these politicians are NOT being useful.

Vote their sorry #$%$ out.

Filithy #$%$ Democrats!  Go to hell all of you!

All my magazines will be worth 5 times what I paid for them.

“If the opposition disarms, well and good. If it refuses to disarm, we shall disarm it ourselves.” - Joseph Stalin

So, the background check that is already included in the purchase is now being added as another tax, where else is he gonna get revenue from, for that fool and you fools that support him!!

And it acomplishes nothing in the end to combat the criminals.

Why do I have a feeling this isnt going to go very well.....In a state that has tight gun control, why is it that very few are people are prosecuted for having guns that they do not qualify for and yet have the guns anyway? If the laws on the books were used and people put in jail for not going by the laws this would have helped stopped the shootings in the first place. The shooter was sick and doctors did not do their job and report him to Law enforcement. Colorado needs to have the initiatives on the Voting in their state. People could stop this type of stupidity and the Citizens would stop all the unnecessary laws that these ignorant people are passing. The laws on the Books like in California would stop all the money and time wasted in Colorado. When is Colorado going to  use the laws as that are on the books?

One can only hope that patriotic citizens of Colorado take this to court and get it defeated. These liberal knee-jerk reactions are nothing more than childishness, geared toward eventual gun abolition. That ain't gonna happen...

Just like a Democrap...he's sending at least 1000 jobs elsewhere because Magpul isn't going to hang out in an idiot liberal state...

First, it was the First Amendment (religion). Then Obamacare. Now it is the Second Amendment. How many more rights need to be taken away before people wake up? One day, we will just wake up and Big Brother will be running everything in our lives.

If history is followed, how many innocent people will die because of this left wing gun grabbing piece of human waste Hickenlooper and the Radical left wing Colorado Democrat legislature!!!!!!!!!!!

If a federal agent can carry a certain weapon with so many rounds, so can I.The First Amendment protects my right to say that.The Second Amendment protects my right to do that.

MOLON LABE!

America is drinking the Kool aid, One state at a time!

Sign on #$%$...Watch CO's murder rate rival Chicago !

Something like this expected of California or New York but Colorado, now that is a real shocker. Somebody didn't bother to vote last election. Now tuck your tails between your legs and pile up your weapons for confiscation,it is coming. You then will be slaves not even allowed to speak up.“The very atmosphere of firearms anywhere and everywhere restrains evil interference – they deserve a place of honor with all that’s good.”- George Washington

Yep!!  This will really stop criminals in Colorado from using a firearm.  The next thing the governor of this state will do is go to DC and kiss the feet of his god on Pennsylvania Avenue to show his gratitude for his omniscient and omnipotent leadership in selling this country to socialism.

Now they can be as safe as Chicago.  Or Detroit.  Or New York.  Or Los Angeles.  Or Washington D.C.  Or any of the other "gun-free" criminal safe havens.

Make them pay voters

With only 15 shots, it's going to be hard to shoot down drones.

If the gun companies and etc don't move my club and I will not be buying from CO

You really have to hand it to Gov. John Hickenlooper!At a time when Hillary and Obama reverses their decision on gay marriage to further their political career, after appearance after appearance telling us they supported the Defense of Marriage Act that Bill Clinton signed into law, this Governor is ending his political career.Good for him! We need less politicians.

After your guns, they'll come for your money to pay for all the illegals, and sorry people that won't work and all the big government pensions.What in the world is going through the minds of European officials with their crazy, destructive demands with Cyprus? Seizing a portion of peoples’ bank deposits is the kind of thing one would expect from Argentina or other kleptocratic third-world governments

Say BYE, BYE to Governor John Hickenlooper and those that passed the legislation. They are going to be voted OUT!

But protecting your children is not a priority?....Liberalism at its best.I saw a movie where only the police and military had guns. It was called "Shindlers List."

When the zombies rise... this'll be the first state to go.

Gun control has nothing to do with crime, and everything to do with control over law abiding citizens. The DemocRATS want to steal our freedoms from us. It is time these traitors were removed from government.

I'm sure Texas will be glad to have the magazine makers.

As soon as the CO gov signs those gun bills, Boycott of Colorado. No tourism, no ammo or wpns sales to gov. agencies

California votes to ban gay marriage and Colorado votes to restrict guns.  Did I wander into the twilight zone?

Then he will probably go to a local bar and order up a couple of drinks. You know, alcohol .........that kills millions. But that ok because HE likes scotch.Its important to go against the will of the people, because you are the man ! Everyone knows its the Scotchs' fault not the guy drinking it !!

A state that's soft on child molesters, but hard on legal gun owners.

wonder if he`ll use a fountain pen ? so he has to "reload" ink ?

It seems to me Colorado has much deeper issues. Or maybe the air is too thin... good luck.Without the 2nd Amendment, kiss all your rights good-bye.  Think you'll be able to say what you wish?  “Ideas are far more powerful than guns. We don't let our people have guns. Why should we let them have ideas?”― Joseph Stalin

Colorado State Slogan: Smoke Our Dope - Vote For Obama - Take Their Guns - Raise Their Taxes - Smoke More Dope - Rape Our Kids - Men Can Marry Men - Women Can Marry Women - Smoke More Dope - And, Smoke Some More Dope....

"Gun Free Zone" signs are an invitation to criminals and emotionally-unbalanced people on a mission.

Say "bye-bye" to Magpul . . and they are MORE than welcome in Indiana . . .

I think we the people will have a vote shortly,,,, hopefully these socialists will not be able to do too much damage before they can be put on the unemployment line

I think we the people will have a vote shortly,,,, hopefully these socialists will not be able to do too much damage before they can be put on the unemployment line

A poorly written law (sounds like ObamaCare) but he still wants to sign it into law.  Pathetic. Training to be an Obama Czar,

SO, if I was a gun manufacturer, or a manufacturer of any gun accessories, I'd LEAVE Colorado.   Lots of states would welcome by business and jobs with open arms, and maybe respect the business I am in, the product I make, and from which they derive taxes.   I'd move a bit south to Texas and set up shop.

Another commie ( hickenlooper ) trying to circumvent the Constitution and the Bill of Rights....................

So let me get this straight.....we legalize marijuana without any way to enforce intoxication while driving or operating machinery, we will not adopt jessicas law to put harsher penalties on child rapists and pedophiles, and we pass gun restriction as a knee jerk reaction to pressure put on us by the democratic party.  hmmmmmm this state is going to #$%$.All the Democrats who are behind these gun-ban agendas can take heart when they're voted out of office...I hear there's some openings in Benghazi!

In an ideal world having no guns and having weed legal would work....but we dont live in an ideal world.

Colorado knows how to do it....Take thier guns and get them all on pot...then you can manage them pretty easy.  I honestly thought that the people in Colorado were smarter than this.

There more than 150 million rifles, handguns, and semi-automatics in America, and commensurate amounts of ammunition. Taking these legal weapons from the American citizens who have the 2 nd Amendment right to own and bear arms will be a task that will be regretted by those who try it. This is not a threat. It is a fact.

Good thing they don't read the 2nd ammendment....

There more than 150 million rifles, handguns, and semi-automatics in America, and commensurate amounts of ammunition. Taking these legal weapons from the American citizens who have the 2 nd Amendment right to own and bear arms will be a task that will be regretted by those who try it. This is not a threat. It is a fact.

Right now the SCOTUS is warming up to knock this law so deep it'll land in North Korea.... which is appropriate.

Right now the SCOTUS is warming up to knock this law so deep it'll land in North Korea.... which is appropriate.

Right now the SCOTUS is warming up to knock this law so deep it'll land in North Korea.... which is appropriate.

On Wednesday, Colorado will become a much safer workplace for criminals.Hickenlooper needs to be arrested, jailed, tarred and feathered, put on public display, then do ten years of breaking rocks. Then, be denied parole, and have to apologize to the nation for trying to destroy OUR Constitution!! That would be a "moderate step"

Colorado appears to be loaded with many nut jobs including their leaders and their so called newspaper

Right now the people of Colorado are reacting in abject horror at what their legislature has done and planning a mass revolt in the next election cycle.No longer can any Democrat claim to be a moderate while passing such radically anti American legislation- thank god the SCOTUS will tomahawk these laws out of existence.

Well, well, well, no they can pat themselves on the back for passing feel good legislation that will not stop a crazy who is bound and determined to cause havoc.

Well another fair and balanced story from reuters socialist news service.  I didn't see that the law makers passed anything about keeping guns out of criminals hands or insane persons possesion.  The right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.  Left leaning journalists and politicians have only one goal and it is simple, only one point of view and it is theirs.  Like that they wave their magic wand and all of the bad things will go away and utopia will appear.

Listen... listen...  You hear that?  That's the sound of Magpul's moving vans pulling out and moving to friendlier climes.  More jobs to Texas.

Crime in Colorado will double.....does Chicago or Australia ring a bell?

How many of the gun-control advocates are willing to place a sign on their homes stating that they oppose guns and their home is a gun-free zone?  Even those screaming the loudest for the government to take away guns know, perhaps subconsciously, that posting a gun-free sign imperils their lives.

Let this be a lesson people. DO NOT under any circumstances vote liberal. Liberals are out of control and severely restricting our personal freedoms. They are banning guns and magazines, banning soda's over 16 oz, banning vending machines and chocolate milk sales in schools, and more bans are on the horizon.

Does the majority of the people of Colorado want this?  It's hard to believe they do.Typical idiot thinking, punish law abiding citizens due to whacko's getting gun's !

i once considered moving to Colorado - not anymore. what a bunch of liberachies.

I live in Chicago, the city with the strictist gun laws in the nation and gun violence is oout of control and the cops are scratching their heads trying to figure out what to do....the same thing they did the previous 28 years that guns were banned!

and that's why among others I don't vote for Democrats anymore. Democrats=loss of rights

The guns used at Columbine were bought at a gunshow, not by the shooters, but by someone who was of legal age at the time of purchase, then he illegally sold them to the two losers who did the shooting. Way to go Colorado, you just passed laws that wont do anything to stop crazy people from doing crazy things.

Colorado wants to limit gun owners rights but the state won't pass Jessica's law mandating stiff prison sentences for child abusers.  A 17 yr. old high school girl was raped by her coach in Colorado and got 90 days in jail....yes you heard it right...90 days!Leftist whack jobs there in Denver!

Some years ago, I read an article about people from the East Coast suffering from the same pollen allergies that caused them to move to places like Arizona.  They installed lawns, bushes, trees, and the other plants they had on the East Coast onto the desert-like land surrounding their new homes.Seems like Colorado is suffering from similar thinking immigrants from California.

That surely will stop people from being crazy

Fix the  mental health system if you want to stop the mass murders.  Politicians don't want to talk about that.

Every politician who voted for this tyrannical legislation violated their oath of office and should be immediately removed from power and tried for treason.  All elected representatives, judges and bureaucrats must be put on notice that there are dire consequences for those who choose to violate the Constitution of the United States and its Bill of Rights.  We can no longer wait to vote them out of office, they should be physically removed from office and placed in jail to await trial.  If convicted, public hanging.  Sic semper fidelis!II truly hope that I live long enough to see the wave that will engulf our corrupt government and politicians who are blatantly violating the constitutional rights that they are sworn to defend.

Too much dope smoking going on in Colorado!

vote 2014,,  and you will see lot of New faces in the Colorado State legislature's no more Dems,,,

Colorado let the libtards take over and now you have a state in decline! What a shame it used to be a sportsmans paradise!

Remember when your pick-up truck had a gun rack in the rear windowand no one stole your weapon or killed anyone?  That was 1970.

The Slippery SlopeFirst they made it harder for minorities to vote. I DID NOTHING, it didn’t affect me.Next they banned AR-15’s and high capacity ammo clips. I didn’t own an AR-15 or needa large ammo clip, So I DID NOTHING.Next they went after my Social Security and Medicare, but now it was TOO LATE TODO ANYTHING!DON’T GIVE UP ANY OF YOUR RIGHTS MILLIONS HAVE FOUGHT FOR!

I called my congressman’s office Mac Thornberry, they said their calls wererunning 99% against any new gun legislation, The media is lying about thesupport for gun control.

We are done! The Marchers are coming and they will take way our guns with our a Warrant.

George Soros, Michael Bloomberg, Rahm Emanuel, Dianne Feinstein, Frank Lautenberg, Nancy Pelosi, Richard Blumenththal, Charles Schumer, Piers Morgan, Bob Schieffer...   All rich liberals with armed guards and gated communities.  Their Gun Ban Lobby is about their hatred of us.  They don't care if ordinary women get raped or murdered.  They even worship a different God, they have nothing in common with us.

"Today, one term Democratic Governor Hickenlooper signed three bills into law..."Starting weds.  Colorado will be next on a criminals most sought places to live, followed by NY then CA.

The word is already out! I have seen the ads posted in several newspapers from multiple states..BOYCOTT COLORADO!!!..Well, I hate to be the bearer of bad news but, because of what they are doing, people are gearing up to do that very thing. And I can't say that I blame them. People that have Colorado plates on their car..Be aware.. You are NOT welcome.

When are these guys up for reelection? If it is 2014 I think these guys are going to be looking for a new job.

And all of the psychos and gang bangers are really going to pay attention to this one.

Time for Magpul to "pul" out of Colorado!!!!!

"...banning ammunition magazines with more than 15 rounds..."Smart move! It only allows them to kill 15 people instead of the 12 that was killed in Columbine and Colorado theater. Let's just hope the bad guys don't carry two guns!

Well I hope he has something to fall back on, I'm sure there won't be another Term for him..

Wont do much good for the dummy to sign them since the sherrifs of Colorado said they would not enforce them.

Banning something creates a black market. A black market creates violence. Well done Hick

federal law already stops people with domestic violation convictions from buying gunsComing up? The Supreme Court.

we will have to sue the state

Colorado voters should make it clear to this clown that his walking papers are on the way .

Colorado is a good place for civil unrest to start. Scores of dead liberals should send a good message. The public doesnt support this trash nor do the police depts. They'll have to bring in DHS to show some government control. The colleges, unions, Democrat offices, any liberal organizations, definately the liberal press....  good places for fire to start.

Call the police who announced they refused to enforce the laws and give them your vote of support!To h*e*l*l* with these civil servants!The government should fear the people, not the people fear the government.Don't tread on us!

Colorado is the new California, good luck

Gun control is the ability to hit a traitor.

I wonder which state will pass the law that breaks the camel's back and throws the nation into war with itself?

Signing this is proof that violent terrorism gets laws changed, and it proves that democrats punish millions of people who had nothing to do with whatever the crime was that the dimocraps are using as their excuse.  Holmes had accomplices and 4 bottles of prescription meds were taken from his apt (according to denver post).

1. What other parts of the bill of rights should have fees/taxes before you can exercise them?2. Signing the magazine ban will create a backlash that will give the republicans control of the colorado legislature.  SO SIGN IT YOU LEFTIST CREEP!  SIGN IT!3. None of this democrat pushed garbage would have prevented the aurora spree killings, which were actually caused by psychotropic drugs (four bottles of prescription meds were taken from holmes' apartment, according to the denver post).  So why aren't psychotropic drugs banned, since they have been at the root of every high profile spree shooting since they were invented.The Local sheriffs have already said they are not going to enforce these unconstitutional laws

I use to live in Colorado and I have always thought of it as part of the "wild west," but where did this clown come from who is their governor? Where are the westerners who love their state and their heritage of the west, including ranches and wilderness and guns? So this fool is basically punishing all the 'good kids' (responsible gun owners) because of the 'bad kids'' (mental nut-cases) behavior, huh? I suppose that is how he and the other lawmakers trying to pass this law approach discipline with their children, too.

Why did socialist regimes build walls to keep their people "in"?! Imprisoned by their State.Why do we need to build walls to keep people out?!One thing has made this possible : our Constitution, and our Bill of Rights, written with the express purpose of protecting We the People from GOVERNMENT. No other nation has ever strove to do such a thing, from the outset. Freedom. It's a good thing, enjoy it while it last.

Hate to say it but I am from Calif. Same B.S, laws trying to be enforced here. I am keeping track of the politicans that i can vote for that are voting for gun control. Diane feinstein is at the top of the list that will not get my vote.

"Universal" background checks is the back door way to gun registration. Every socialist dictator from Stalin, to Hitler, to Castro has used registrations as hit list to confiscate, and often kill the gun owners.Gun owners are considered to independent minded to fit into their "fundamental transformation".

Drones pointed at you, and they want your guns, they have the right to kill you for anything they want, all they have to do is call you a terrorist, Obama refuses to call the Talban or any other terrorists just what they are terrorists, why do you suppose he refuses, but will call Americans terrorists. Use your brain for a change, wake up, smell the real terrorist, he sits in the whitehouse.

Finally, Colorado will be safe with no more shootings ever again, and they lived happily ever after. Another effin' fairy tale.

To hell with the people!!! I know what's best for the citizens of Colorado better than the citizens do merely because I'm the governour. What you want does not matter. It's what I want that matters. You people who voted for me you can all go to hell!!!

And this accomplished what? This is a feel good moment at best. Meanwhile mentally ill people will still have 15 round mags. Even a crazy dude can change a mag in about 3 secs.

Please boycott Co.magpul closing soon taking 200+good jobs with it sportsman channel pull out who next .

Let's take back our nation in 2016!

These new laws will be respected and obeyed by criminal thugs. Good job CO.

its like n y city controling the whole state of new york all the dead head liberals and gov cuomo the chimp !

#$%$ Commie liberals!

Now, let's see if Magpul backs up their threat to leave Colorado.

KEWL !!! WHO'S GOING TO ENFORCE THEM  !!!!!

When will they realize you can't make laws to stop crazy people.  What happens when they run over people in a truck? Outlaw trucks and cars?

Gee, it sounds like Colorado is getting "enlightened" and "progressive", just like California.....

Man am i glad i live in Idaho....Remember that Hitler banned gun ownership by Jewish people and others.  Then he started to kill them.  Soviet Russia passed strict gun control laws in 1929...and then Stalin started to kill people in his own country.  I'm not saying it would happen in this country but a totalitarian regime uses gun control to control the population.

Just trying to appeal to the masses for political reasons.  No evidence that these laws will work.  Crazy and unconstitutional.

Vacationing in my state is looking better every day. The criminals can go to Colorado.

Total Bullchit this isn't going to change a thing. What are they going to say the next time it happens? What right and measures are they going to take. Sorry but you can never totally be safe in a free society. That is part of the price of freedom that some times bad things happen when you have freedom because the bad guys show up. The Soviet Union and all other Dictatorships failed because people want to be free and are willing to pay the price. I guess America has really lost it's way because Americans have decided they have a right to be totally safe even though we know it's not possible.

U guys are Trolls.

Of course he will, he's a left wing hardcore Dumbocrap!!!!!

In the meantime, those of you who have magazines in excess of 30 rounds or more, since they can be purchased for about $15.00, I will give you $0.15 for each AR-15 magazine and 0.20 per Glock 19/26/34 magazine in excess of 15 rds .  You will have to sell or throw away so you might as well sell while you can get something.....   They will be coming after ALL your magazines in the future because the Sheriff is right.  ALL magazines can be altered to hold more rounds..........

Now if he would only  sign "Jessica's Law".

The one I might agree with would be the domestic violence one.

Criminals don't care about laws.  These measures only punish law abiding gun owners.  Look at Chicago to see how effective radical gun control really is.Duhhhhhh,,,,,,,governor ,,,,,,,,Can you tell me the difference between two 15 rd magazines and one 30 round magazine.  Suppose you got five 15 rd magazines.  Thats 75 bullets.  On second thought, don't answer that question.  You might show your stupidity.

Those guns could have been sold to the Mexicans by our Feds and brought back across our border to do all those killings, Quit trying to blame it all  on the American Gun Dealers

A AMAZING GRACE YOU WILL BE REPLACED! NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

He's done!

I guess you and Diane Feinstein have been doing THE NASTY!

I guess that means the mentally ill will just carry more magazines.  In other words, this governor just can't compete with the mentally ill.

Colorado governor will sign three gun control measures on Wednesday Over reacting. The problem is our court's and suspects being released instead of remaining in jail. Gun control is needed but this measure is wrong. What people will do for vote's..

For the governor, this is the political equivalent of shooting himself in the head.

Coming from the state that already has the 2nd strictest gun control measures and STILL produced 2 of the biggest mass murders, ya think there may be ANOTHER reason for the killings?  Hick and Pooper is an IDIOT.

Sounds like the wind has shifted to colorado from Crazy California and the atmosphere has been infected in Colorado with Stinking Thinking.I hunted in Colorado about 25 times in my life .... I love Colorado ..... but there are some other States that are not going to let the camels nose under the tent .... I will go there thank you.

"..  bar gun purchases by domestic violence offenders, although Hickenlooper had previously said he was undecided about.." The lautenberg amendment made sale and ownership by those a couple of decades ago. Something just about everybody but the legislature and governor of Colorado knows. They could at least read standing law before rushing to pass new ones.Colorado has given up millions of dollars in outdoor tourism- hunting, fishing and presentations by outdoor media. The only hope they have to replace it is marajuana tourism and providing honeymoons and possibly becoming the gay nuptuals version of Nevada.

The phobic gun grabbing anti Constitutionalists took another bite out of our freedom.  Another step closer to totalitarianism.  Those gun grabbers are so misguided and stupid.

When everyone has finally had enough, these people are doing to wonder what in the hell hit them.

Hey, Magpul, c'mon down to Texas.  We still believe in the Constitution.  I sincerely hope that all of the Lone Star hunters that used to go to Colorado in the past, and spent tons of money there, will stay home and spend that money here, instead.  Let the good folks in Colorado pick up the tab on enforcing these rediculous laws.  Pity the good citizens of Colorado...and damn the do-gooder leftists and their tyrannical agenda.

Obama is hoping for a civil war, he is pushing for it, he just sent the Muslim dirtbags 260 million dollars, MSNBC your local communist news won't tell you that, of the morons at Yahoo. Obama is buying ammo by the millions, and guns, what do you suppose they are for. America, not illegals for sure. Wake up America, don't turn you guns in to these communists dirtbags.

I took two trips to Colorado in the last 6 months and loved the state.  We were planning on buy an cabin as well as moving to Colorado to retire. Due to the radical gun control climate, we just cancelled our May trip and will never visit or move there.  We camp in remote areas.  Having been a park ranger, I know the risk.  I always carry and handgun with a 17 round magazine.  In the RV we always have an AR with a 20 round mag for bears, cats, and felons.  Never going there again.  I am lucky to have choices, I can live anywhere I want. I am now looking at Wyoming and norhern New Mexico.  The radical politicians in Colorado have gone nuts.

And yet, he won't support Jessica's law to protect Colorado's children from child predators. Wow, #$%$ backwards.

Colorado Sheriffs Say They Will Not Enforce New State Gun Control Laws

I didn't see Democrats voting to investigate or restrain potentially violent people, so I guess the potentially violent will have to move from guns to arson, or explosives, or vehicles, or poison, or a variety of other means to wreak their havoc on society.Guess what... the psychopaths that commit these atrocities clearly don't care about the murder law... I'm guessing they'll ignore this one as well.  All you've done is handicap the law abiding citizen even further.

They would do better if they would ask people to bring their kids to Church again, to learn how to be civil.

in 2014, these democrats will call it an" Inconvenient Goof"

I live here and it is a sanctuary state.  He wants only the precious illegals to have guns to use against us.

How is it possible these gun grabbers DO NOT KNOW that they are so stupid?

That's about right...Colorado gives rapists who rape children at max 2 years, then turn right around and takes familie's guns away to keep them from killing the bas--rds. Smoke dope, rape children, and then get your guns taken away. You can keep Colorado and shove it up your rectum. Idiots are running the state now.

Welcome to Colorado, land of the victims.

I support these laws because as a career criminal it just makes my chosen profession so much safer ! and please fell free to post gun free signs on your front doors ! That way , I'll know which house is " safe " !  And please continue your demonization of law abiding gun owners because I fear them the most !   I just love you drama queen liberals , your so good for my growing business , your just too good to be true !  please continue to believe that cops will come to your rescue !  I'll be long gone and laughing the whole way !

Gun violence?  I've never met a violent gun. Not in the military when I served, nor in civilian life. I asked my stepson the police officer and he's never met one either. Maybe they are elusive like unicorns. I have seen idiotic politicians on television. I know they exist.

No problem.  If I was in CO, I'd just buy 2 guns with 15 rounds each.  Better that way in case one jams.What's next?  32 Oz Soft drinks!?

Colorado. . . . . .the new San Francisco

Obama has sent the the terrorist group the Muslim brotherhood billions of your tax dollars, what has he sent you, besides the biggest tax bill in America.? think about it,

The Gay Governor Obama Zombie will start a civil war in his state. Trying to neuter Colorado will back fire big time in every way! Anyone can get all the guns and ammo they want anyway!

The governor will commit crimes against the people on Wednesday. He is subjecting himself to arrest by the people. These will be Criminal acts if signed. He has No legal authority to Usurp Our Constitution. Start the Recall petitions on everyone who voted on these illegal bills. Stop the tyranny.

Gun control is a good thing ,,that's why I control all my guns &amp; w/ both hands  !

Hey you elected these communist clowns, so now suffer the consquences of the dirtbags.

I hope it gets painful for sheep liberals !

Resist and defy! Remember these clowns on election day. You have nothing to lose but your chains!

When DC had the toughest gun laws in the nation, they were the murder capital of the US.More personal liberties lost in the name of FALSE security.. NONE of this will save ANYONE, EVER.. It only restricts law abiding citizens and their ability to protect themselves...

He'll sign them into law and they will vote their sorry #$%$ out of office,as should be for ramming this gun control down our throats.

Liberal Colorado decides which hundreds of kinds of guns should be legal, what dope we can smoke and the definition of marriage. Is this caused by oxygen deficiency or stupidity??

Another gun grabbing story from the LSM. But no stories on the debt crisis in Cyprus. Bank accounts being taken over by the government because of too much debt. Robbing 6 to 10% of peoples money. What too many similarities in whats going on in these liberal countries and ours?

All signed amongst great grandstanding by the sponsors etc. What a bunch of fakirs.

Moved to Denver Colorado area in 1997 - it was a nice place to live, but trending down. Left in 2005 just as it was spiraling into the haven for idiots it has now become. So many people have come to Colorado from Kalifornicateitscitizens that it has tilted the state.

What part of "shall not be infringed" do they not understand?!Arm up.

colorado really turned into a sh-t whole !

Too bad sheriffs in CO are saying they won't be enforcing these new laws! Good for them!

This law includes any clip which can be modified to hold more bullets which is pretty much all clips. Not giving up my guns! Or clips!I just thought of a new nick name for the governor of my state..... lick a pooper

And none of these new laws would have prevented Columbine or Aurora. It just makes them feel better for doing something pointless.

People of Colorado better start standing up to these dictators and start gearing up for war. And.....before you stupid liberals start with your rude comments and thumbs downs....up yours!!!!

I know in my heart that all criminals are shaking in their boots because of these infringements agaist law abiding citizens.

...and then all the bad guys moved to Colorado because they knew only they would have guns.  Punish an entire state of some psyco punk kid.  Maybe Colorado's been high just a little to long?

Idiocy in action.

Give up your gun rights and this is what will happen here in the USA "Banks in Cyprus will remain closed until Thursday to prevent panic withdrawals in the wake of a surprise bailout plan that has sent money markets into a tailspin, the country's government announced Monday."

Just cancelled my family vacation to Colorado.

LAST THOUGHT - Would it be better off, if everyone just developed a Criminal Mentality. Because it seems todays Law Makers, and Democrat Politicians favor that sector.?

Some things have simply not changed. Those regimes seeking to assert and maintain absolute control over the citizenry will always try to disarm them first by means of confiscation, regulation, taxation, and through controlling markets for firearms and ammunition. Without exception, an unarmed citizenry is one that can be effectively bullied and coerced and are readily controlled by the government.By comparison, a well armed citizenry is an ominous threat to any police or military force who would seek to exert control over them. It is for this reason that our founding fathers introduced the Second Amendment into the U.S. ConstitutionSheriffs in the state have said the laws are unenforceable!

Magpul is coming to Texas, Help Wanted... And that is a Good Thing!

"A WLL REGULATED MiILITIA, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."When the  ASSUALT WEAPONS are better regulated this would not be an issue..... We need to follow the model of Israel -- almost every home has one or more ASSUALT WEAPONS in the front closet. They do not have the problems with school shootings and the like, because people get their weapons AFTER their service in the military....Too IMPOTENT and #$%$ to serve, too IMPOTENT and #$%$ to own an assault weapon.

I think we the people will have a vote shortly,,,, hopefully these socialists will not be able to do too much damage before they can be put on the unemployment line

There is very little danger in ignoring these laws. The State Sheriff's association was unanimously against these new laws, they (25+ elected county sheriff's in uniform) testified in front of the legislature about it and the democrat House and Senate ignored them. Several Sheriff's have started the paperwork to block the enforcement of these laws in major counties in Colorado like Larimer (Fort Collins)El Paso (Colorado Springs)Do you think they will throw anyone in jail? The Sheriff's control the jails in most areas, not the local police. At least one legislator has stated he will publicly ignore the ban. One Colorado State Senator has stated on national television that he will blatantly ignore and publicly violate the new laws. Perhaps he is HOPING to be arrested so that the case will be tried and the supreme court will rule on the subject. The Colorado Constitution is even clearer than the US constitution's 2nd amendment. It says the right to bear arms shall not be questioned and mentions nothing about a militia.If this law was so well received why didn't a single democrat stand and speak about the need for the bill, provide a single shred of evidence or point to a single study,  or debate a single republican in the Senate when the bill was on the floor.  They had 1 more vote than the republicans and they knew it, so they just sat there and after hours of testimony, and thousands of people protesting, they passed the bill.  The latest Denver post poll showed 90% of the people believe the Democrats were "over reaching" the authority granted to them by the people.  November 2014 can't come fast enough.

so, they will let everyone get stoned, give you phone, feed you, and then take away your protection... hmmm

What a stupid moron...

So when does the shooting start, Thursday?

I hope they try him for treason and then hang the son-of-a#$%$.

Gun bans don't work. Politicians who do this are the worst of our country. We should ban these un-constitutional turdballs from office. Next comes Freedom of Speech, Right to a fair trial etc.; You know, Tyranny.Well,guess it goes to Supreme court next,in meantime i bet a LOT of People Will Vacate That State

Did Colorado address Jessica's law? Why not? Because it has a #$%$ in the legislature? That's about right. See what happens when you have a #$%$ running things. Idiots.

"Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security. " -- The Declaration of Independence

DONT LIVE IN THAT STATE, WHAT A PUZZ.

Your government wants to kill you, but you're not paranoid.

This is nothing more than giving up essential liberties for some temporary safety and, as Benjarmin Franklin stated abut that , those who allow this deserve neither liberty nor safety.

Sportsmen and conservatives in general should boycott the state.  Have you seen what happened to #$%$ Sporting Goods after they pulled what they pulled?

Colorado(denver) is the head state of the new world order.

Any one that votes against the Constitution  our 2nd  lets vote them out of office.

I can understand the reasonableness of requiring background checks on all gun purchase in order to prevent criminals and crazies from obtaining them but laws controlling the amount of cartridge rounds is ridiculous and unconstitutional.  We don't have a gun problem in this country.  What we have is Neegmoe, Spixican, and Lunatic problem in this country.  Get rid of the Neegmoes and Spixicans, and lock up the Crazies and gun violence will plummet in this country.  Unfortunately the herds of politically correct Numbnuts won't accept that truth and fact so we will continue to have a huge problem with gun violence in this country....and the criminals will laugh 3 times

I remember when Colorado was more of a frontier state that would allow none of this.  Then the nuts moved in from California after they ruined that state, and then things changed for the worse in Colorado too.  The nuts from California are also pretty much ruining Nevada too.

Can you say career ending move?

Liberals will be dancing and fornicating in the streets in adulation of the great one. !!!

If he signs it, isn't he ignoring his Oath of Office and thus a Traitor?

I am pro second amendment, but I don't get people all the sudden making a change in their voting habits. Democrats have been anti gun for years. Any one who voted for them that is surprised by the #$%$ they do, should get their head out of their butt

Obama probably scared him if you don't sign it the feds wont give you any money

How about a public official putting a ban on something that will take away from criminals instead of law abiding citizens

Don't waste your ammo in the range, save it for the politicians.

Barretta is leaving Maryland because of stuff like this. Almost 400 years here.Vote the Bums out!!!

Seems common sense is not so common anymore.

I am glad my county is adopting a law that won't enforce anything but the 2nd

So what was the purpose of these bills? To minimize crimes? Which one of these laws would have stopped the previous massacres? Oh that's right none of them would. Good luck magically getting rid of the millions of 30+ round magazines and good luck stopping sociopaths and nut cases like James Holmes and the Columbine shooters from obtaining weapons to commit devious acts of horror. These laws are just "feel good" laws, none of them would have prevented the previous mass shootings. Has Colorado learned nothing from the violent crime rate in CA and IL? Idiots.

Can you say"Political Suicide"? Coloradans better vote his dumb #$%$ out along with the rest of the liberal idiots that are ramming this down  their throats!...You guys are being pantsed!

That should make you all "feel" so much better now. Sure hope the criminals obey these new laws.

And next Colorado should have mandatory voter ID and require the voters to pay for the costs of the ID?  Good Grief!  This whole matter gets more crazy by the minute.  Why not deal with the people who need mental health care and quit messing with the rest of the people?

I think its time to Ban the government in Colorodo

Cities are a cancer on society. If you take Denver/Aurora out of Colorado, it would be a decent place to live. Take LA and SF away, and Kalifornicatesitscitizens would be a great state again.

It makes me sad that a state govenment that is progressive enough to tell the fed to f off when it comes to human rights and ending #$%$ prohibition is stupid enough to follow the party line of citizen control through disarmment. If the govenment of that state tries to enforce this unconstitutional law, there are going to be conflicts that make Columbine, Aurora and Ruby Ridge look like a day at the quickie mart.Gov. Loopy and his Demorats will be looking for another job soon...

FACT: Over 99% of all mass shooting have been committed by a angry liberal on a rampage..

BLACK MARKET ON GUNS OPENING SOON

The Colorado law doesn't sound anywhere near as bad as the New York laws.  I will never register my weapons.

Time to grab your families and head to Texas....Colorado is open season for victims...thank your politicians

Boy, i bet the Colorado liberals are tossing some serious salad tonight...

No more Coors for me. !00% Summit from here on out. Sorry Coors, I know it's not your fault but if this is what I gotta do, then this is what I gotta do. If our Governor tried that he'd be castrated in a NY minute!

Gee, I feel safer all ready!!!!

Myth Two: Firearms Restriction Reduce Crime:Gun control advocates have claimed for years that laws which restrict firearms ownership reduces violent crimes. The United States has over 20,000 different gun laws, most of which are at the state and local level. Since the 1960’s states and cities have passed stricter firearms laws intending to reduce violent crime but more often than not violent crime increased. Read more

Another fool politician who throws band-aids where the wounds aren't. No mental health help and still no Jessica's Law in CO. What an idiot they have for a Governor.Democrats passing a bill that is really a tax and going against the constitution. Typical, there goes another of your constitutional freedoms and the middle class is taxed yet again.

I bet MAGPUL is gonna love this..Already said they will leave the state and take their TAX dollars and employees with them,,that will help state income..Have a happy reelection liberals..

would obama need a Univeral back Ground Check if he wanted to buy a gun?.....I bet he wont apply....

Better start looking for a new job... BLOOMBERG STOOGE!

Did you eat it with some Fava beans, and a fine Chianti? Liver and Feinstein are that repulsive. Oh, and am I sorry for the comparison, or the implication? No.

Alternate headline:  "Colorado governor will sign three meaningless measures that won't make anyone safer and potentially harm people on Wednesday"

cHickenBlooper's political career is over... All for measures that will not do a damn thing to make anybody safer.

Colorado is now a state sized Chicago.

A person who gives up freedom for security, deserves neither.

I gotta get outta this place!  It's become synonymous with California!Several CO sheriffs have already said publicly that the provisions of these new bills will be unenforceable and that they will not enforce the law within their respective counties.  This is what happens when Progressives take over a State. Of course this is a waste of taxpayer money and resources!  Of course this is probably unconstitutional!   But oh wait!  We're doing it for the children.

Obama's communist state of America, impeach the liar and traitor.

Chicago has strict gun control laws and a massive gun crime problem. Why? Because criminals and ill people do not follow the law.  We already have laws that say you can not kill innocent people. We need to fix society and the killing will decrease. Pass all the laws and regulations you want on guns and the problem will stay essentially and statistically the same.

governer you sign those bills guess what your a traitor and can be seen as a terrorist and threat to the law of land a domestic threat and military can if wnated come after you  as your opressing law abideing citizens.

Is Denver going to be as safe as Chicago now?

Right now I can't see guns as working at all.I doubt that there could be a gunpowder explosion in a bullet because of the lack of oxygen.Fireworks are surrounded by oxygen.Guns work only in movies.

Three more nails in the CO coffin.

LETS SUM THINGS UP:1. Obama takes away our guns via "False Flag"operations (Sandy Hook, Aurora theater shooting, Sikh temple)2. The Government stocks piles huge mountains of ammunition, leaving none left for the public.3. The Department of Homeland Security purchases some 2800 armored vehicles.4. Obama authorizes drone's to kill American citizens on American soil.5. The government is stockpiling 500,000 plastic coffins in Georgia.6. Fema Camps (900 of them across the US).7. Obama takes control of the media.8. Obama signs executive orders giving himself a third term.Maybe I'm a little paranoid. Let Obama get control of the House in 2014 and lets see who is paranoid.

Civil unrest/war is on our horizon as Americans continue to lose their rights to those on the left.

Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper supports crime by making people defenseless victims of crime.Americans had better wake up. We are headed for total gun confiscation very soon. After that the government can take any action they desire without fear of retribution. Once the 2nd amendment is emasculated all our civil rights will fall like a house of cards.

Boycott Colorado!!!

"A vote is like a rifle; its usefulness depends upon the character of the user. ”― Theodore Roosevelt

My company buys $M's  of product from Colorado. If the bill is passed we will cancel our contract and a few thousand people will be out of work. There is another company in Georgia that supplys the same product. Catch my drift? They will be hiring soon!

"Colorado Dictator Will" demonstrate his cowardice and lack of American spirit! He will also be in VIOLATION of The Constitution of The United States Of America. As such, the citizens of Colorado are charged to prosecute and jail him for treason!

Maybe Colorado will soon be as safe as Chicago, which has the strictest guns laws in the country.

The best common sense gun control isn't some progressive trying to steal our liberties, it's the 2nd Amendment. Time tested and a right.

In reality this is the beginning of phase one disarm the population. They don't have the nerve just yet to begin rounding up folks. You see there really is a world wide conspiracy called the NWO and they really are behind every thing that's happened from 9/11 to today. They don't need every one of us to serve them. Actually they want to destroy a little over half the world population, selectively. Weeding out all who they label as not needed. Many of you have heard about this before, many of you will not believe it. That's ok don't believe, its what they hope for, its what they need to move forward, you, to not believe. But think about this, could all of these things just randomly happen, "the perfect storm". I say no, its part of a bigger plan that's been around for a long long time. The Bush's were and are a part of it and the rest are just puppets now following a script, just like the media of today. Were all being pulled down the rabbit hole because nobody wants to believe any of it. Money is a lie, all things are tied to money. You are the only thing giving any thing a value, yet you and i, were worth nothing! COMMON.

So now that these laws have been passed there will never be another gun crime in Colorado again? So far gun control laws have been very effective at preventing gun crimes. That's what they're intended to do, right?

As usual, a few bad apples spoils it for the whole bunch.   Wow, the CO state govt is not that much different than an elementary school.Next up in CO.. legalizing Heroin and PCP.

I feel sorry for the Ranchers in Colorado!! No one considers the need they have for some of these guns!! Coyotes, wolves, black bear, grizzlies and wolverine. Wolverine are meaner than a p!$$ed off pit bull!!! I wouldn't want to try to kill one of them, with a shotgun!!

I love that many law enforcement professionals will not enforce the laws. Good for them. How can you enforce something so unconstitutional?? Liberals are socialist losers.

"Colorado governor will sign three gun control measures on Wednesday" Translation, "Colorado governor will will ram down the throats of the people, three gun control measures on Wednesday that the majority of the people do not want.

If a conservative doesn't like guns, they don't buy any.If a liberal doesn't like guns, they seek to ban them from existence.

The murder rate plummeted in Texas after enactment of conceal carry. And every other place that has upheld the right of the citizen to self defense.Only in places with ridiculous gun laws, like Chicago, Detroit, DC etc, has the gun murder rate skyrocketed. Demorat strongholds, Demorat voters.

If anyone thinks that the past mass shooters in Colorado would of obeyed the new gun control laws, one would have to be pretty stupid.

One big mistake!

Political Suicide

Obama socialists have taken over Colorado politics--- their next election will kick all them out :-)After the hippie minority liberals find out limiting the mag to 15 rd doesn't work, mass shooting still occurs, then they will further limit it to 7 rd, when it still doesn't work, then they will ban it totally, it's a baby step, because they don't know how to ban the criminals.

Explain how a "Background Check" tax is different from a poll tax.

They can pass any law they want to in order to be able to pat themselves on the back but it's not going to change anything.....

MAGPUL......come to Texas.....bring those 600 jobs to South Texas..........We do like our guns and AR15s in Texas....

I couldn't give two schitts about any magazine ban or "Universal" background check. Gov Dickenlicker can just go do what dickenlickers do.

FBI Stats…….Nationwide over the last 15 years gun sales and ownership have doubled while murder and violent crime have dropped by 49%. This fact seems to destroy the entire Liberal Democrat argument for new firearm restrictions.

People of Colorada just r and throw this #$%$ ou tof office. Your vote can do it. Throw him and his supporters out of office. send the world a message.

bend over CO you got it coming ..

The communist state of Colorado, Lenin and Mao would be proud!

This is just another chip on the confiscation tree....remember D&amp;R think they have the right to use government to murder you and your children. THIS IS A FACT.why are you people still supporting these political machines for the powerful not you?

Fine... but only if they ban military and police from carrying that much ammo too.  After all, they won't need all that ammo when all the criminals have complied with the new law.

The previous clown prince president took our privacy away. This clown is taking away our right to self-defense (and what could become governmental tyranny). It's over folks -- both Chomsky AND Hitler (incongruity noted) were right: People can be groomed and conditioned to literally demand their own destruction.

What good is a universal background check, when I can still buy a gun out of someone's car trunk?Also, you can release and slap a 10-round magazine in an AR pretty quick.Colorado lawmakers keep shooting a dead horse.

legalize pot and ban guns, this is so fucedup.

Hickenlooper is an idiot. He and all of the other liberals need to move back to where they came from and get out of my state.

There goes my vacation in Colorado.Will not give money to a state that doesn't respect my right to own and carry a gun.Magpul please come to Texas where we will respect your right to manufacture your product as you see fit.

"Oh, man, I was going to commit mass murder, but I can't seem to fit enough bullets in my clip,"  said no mass murderer ever.

Leftism is a government centered ideology.Rightism is a citizen centered ideology.

This Bill will make every gun owner who owns a gun with a magazine a criminal.  This includes the police who have very few guns with out magazines.Say goodbye to any chance of re-election there governor.

Hell no we wont go !!!  Untill we put our money where our mouth is we will be losing this battle .If it is made in, or is part of a liberal state we will no longer buy visit nor remember them .Bankrupt them. In all honesty a Fall 2013 snowboarding vacation has just been removed from my calender.  Do you think you are going to pee on us and declare its only raining

Dems in Colorado may have just sealed their fate come next election.

And next week someone will buy the gun that shoots up the next school,workplace and or social setting, at a Colorado gun show.

I kissed the hindparts of voters demanding action. So, I gave them action. The satisfaction of knowing that I impersonated someone who cares should help me sleep good at night.

The only way this gun law will work is, if they stop making guns all together.

Hey Colorado!!....Hows that, pullin the D lever at the votin booth thingy a workin out for YA???......you got #$%$`S and LEZZIES runnin the show now...Boy oh Boy.I bet ya wish ya could do er over again but you got what ya voted fer, now live with it..CYA...wount wanna BYA

Petition to impeach Obama, and his communist followers, if you love your country fight back.

forget Colorado for you future ski vacations.  make these clowns pay.

None of this crapola will do a dammed thing to prevent shootings.I just hope they have more free drugs and abortions

"A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for he is known and carries his banner openly. But the traitor moves amongst those within the gate freely, his sly whispers rustling through all the alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. For the traitor appears not a traitor; he speaks in accents familiar to his victims, and he wears their face and their arguments, he appeals to the baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men. He rots the soul of a nation, he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of the city, he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less to fear. The traitor is the plague."Marcus Tullius Cicero

I'm the NRA, A law abiding citizen and I vote!

Colorado governor will sign three gun control measures on Wednesday.NRA will get them tossed out.

How do they plan to enforce as the Sheriff Assoc. of Colo. has went on record as saying they will not enforce the new laws because they are worthless  what the sorry excuse for a govenor going to do lock up the Sheriffs and deputy's in Colo.

Another state I will never visit, I kinda wanted to go skiing there, oh well, not one dime of mine will find it's way to Colorado. Good job.

so, they will let everyone get stoned, give you phone, feed you, and then take away your protection... hmmm

so, they will let everyone get stoned, give you phone, feed you, and then take away your protection... hmmm

Don't count on Texas helping you'll out of any mess.....

And illegal as can be.  More left wing extremists pushing an agenda that has nothing to with crime and everything to do with big gov. control and power.HEY,  HICKENLOOPER; SOMETIMES THE ANSWER IS BITING YOU IN THE BUTT!!Why is it that none of the disturbed and evil men, who steal guns, then go and kill movie-goers and children in school, has ever been identified as a conservative NRA member?Ft  Hood ~~ Registered Democrat ~  Muslim.Columbine ~~~ Too young to vote;  both families were registered Democrats and progressive liberals.Virginia Tech ~~~ Wrote hate mail to President Bush and to his staff ~ Registered Democrat.Colorado Theater ~~~  Registered Democrat; staff worker on the Obama campaign; Occupy Wall  Street participant; progressive liberal.Connecticut School Shooter --- Registered Democrat;  hated Christians,Common thread is that all of these shooters were progressive liberal Democrats. Do you see a pattern here?INTERESTING, isn't it?  Maybe we should outlaw Democrats!

Democrats will ban guns in every Liberal State. Liberals feel they have the right to dictate what your Constitutional Rights are. Vote them in and watch it happen.

I think we have bunches of greedy theiving politicians  that have a pyramid scheme that is collapsing, and they are getting very very affraid of the people.  It is one giant ponzi scheme, they are running out of shells in the shell game.  They are too stupid to see the forest through the trees, that with money, that they stole out of the equation, we have the TECHNOLOGY to build EVERYBODY just about anything material they want, and we have the resources.  If you need a car, well there is an unemployed autoworker that wishes he had a job, a house, well lots of unemployed carpenters, the top got all the money, thus they done ran themselves out of customers, they were using the US government but they broke it too.  So they bring in immigrants to buy in, but that only makes it worse, they spend on defense spending, say a daisy cutter that will blow up the money for 5 houses in 5 seconds, but make their famliesrich, when they already are rich, so they bury millions of peoples wages in a "FOUNDATION" give away the interest so they get out of paying taxes, when if when they had everything they could possibly want, they would have just paid it to the people who made them rich in the first place, money would be flowing like water right about now, everybody working, everybody with enough to pay for everything they need, and vacations to boot,to spread it around the world, these control freaks are just blind stupid fools.  Call me crazy, but to me having anything you want, well sounds like heaven on earth, thy kingdom come, not that I want lots more than I got, but I would like enough for a new roof.  The biggest kicker, I read where you will have needed to save $350,000 for medical cost after you retire, just to die, how is that going to work?  Besides that, people  have been dying  for free since the dawn of man, they have me so ticked off, I figure I should tattoo DNR on my forehead so they can take Obamacare and shove it.But I think I know who is behind it, it is the people who run the drained pension funds and the unfunded life insurance policies, the ones that sold these things and now come time to pay, well they have WAR exclusions in those life insurance policies, and dead men don't collect pensions...  Keep your guns in your holster, the pyramid is collapsing, it is biblical...  The beast is a pyramid, it's image is on a dollar bill,  The great prostitute is the Statue of Liberty, in otherwards they sold LIBERTY for money..

The Government is out of control and needs to be stopped ( VOTE ). 40,000 new laws were made last year. Why in gods name do we need 40,000 new laws every year. Pretty soon everyone will be a criminal. Why does a person who did their time for a non violent crime loose all of their voting and guns rights for the rest of their life? Is our government that much different than China. I am sure the Government would say yes because we give you court appointed lawyers before we throw the poor people in jail.

They will do any and everything, for press and votes, and nothing actually address the problem of gun violence. Idiots, one and all.

If the man took and oath of office and swore to uphold the Constitution, he has breeched his oat...

Liberalism is to people as a cage is to a lion.

Utah is going in the opposite direction from CO with no permits, no background checks and encouragement for everyone to be armed. Why the extreme difference ? UT is a majority LDS state ready to repel the Feds with Brigham's militia.

When the criminals start to over run the law abiding citizens, because they can't defend themselves, don't call for help from the states that have CC and OC laws.   Which is faster, calling 911 and waiting for the cops, or grabbing your side arm and letting 'Smith &amp; Wesson' protect you?

Aurora theater shooting happened because police ignored a warning from psychiatrist.  Chief of Police Dan Oates used to report to Gun Ban Bloomberg and his gun ban lobby.  Dan Oates used to head up NYPD Intelligence unit.  Colorado has been used like a cheap w h o r e.Colorado Sheriffs are pledging themselves not to enforce these draconian laws. Now that we know what liberals are capable of, registering and observing their laws is an act of undeserved trust. As for what I would do if I lived in Colorado, 'What guns? I'm such a klutz, they all fell in the ocean while fishing. Damned shame I tell you'

It took a while, but all the fruitcakes from California started moving to Colorado and took roots - look how it wound up.It would be HILARIOUS to see how the historical equal of rulings like this could have played out for Colorados past - try rewinding a very MERE 148 years to the Sioux Wars and see how HALF of their revolver capacity or HALF the firepower of their rifles would have played outPATHETIC POLITICAL AGENDA - watch out America - they are coming for EVERYONES RIGHTS - not just gunowners.  Wait till they heavily infringe on a common mainstream right that affects YOU that is not nearly as polarized as gun rights.  It is only a matter of months, probably not even years and I will likely have the option of enjoying  a big enjoy a big I told ya so....

Shouldn't they be banning shotguns and bird shot?

Governor John Hickenlooper=Avowed Oath BREAKER

"To secure peace is to prepare for war"  Don't tread on me

The Constitution was written on Hemp paper !

Stupid idiots - ban a magazine over 15 rounds. If you use 2 9mm pistols, with 15+1 capacity, you can fire 32 rounds TWICE as fast as 30 rounds from a rifle. Not to mention the bullets are TWICE as big also - In close quarters (like all these shootings) THIS IS TWICE AS DEADLY. This moronic law does N O T H I N G to solve any problems.

So how do they propose to enforce the "universal background checks" in a private transaction? If a firearm transfers from one person to another, who is going to know about it? What if such a transaction takes place outside the state?Seriously. These laws will do nothing for crime, just as the Brady Bill did nothing to impact crime.

America will rise again &amp; Obama will lose in the end ,,Stay vigilant America  !

Now if their Governor could ban some real killers of the state, say alcohol, tobacco, and let's not forget birth control on demand...abortion.  Obviously, all this is hyperbole, but if someone of ill intent wants to kill their fellow man, the job will get done regardless of magazine size.  BTW, the tragic slaying of Sandy Hook was done with pistols, and not those dreaded assault weapons, unless the states coroner was mistaken.Liberals ..."Behind the honeyed but patently absurd pleas for equality is a ruthless drive for placing themselves (the elites) at the top of a new hierarchy of power"

What good will the laws be when they are signed. The sheriffs have already stated that they will not enforce them. As they put it un-enforceable and will not stop the criminals from getting guns. What is Obama going to do send in Federal agents. I will be LMAO when the sheriff's arrest them.

its time to ban him vote him out

keep electing democrats! you won't have any rights left.

I was planning a summer vacation to Durango Co. this summer but now Moab Utah here I come!

For all you that say"If it saves just one kid it is good," you really need to jump all over the inner city crime, murders and violence with the same fervor you go after the NRA and supposed #$%$ gun owners. In every city all over the country on any given evening there are many "Just one kid" getting killed in gang violence. Where is your activist outrage. Please be consistent, or you are not really concerned about that "One kid."

The President Lincoln was even more unpopular in his time when he abolished the slavery.

Liberals.   Politicians at their best.

lol just think, you all voted these people in....

All this gun control junk will be the waterloo of the democratic party.The federal assult weapons ban failed to stop Culumbine.  What make them think a state ban will?

And another state bites the dust!! Sorry poor residents of Colorado... Sorry writers of our Constitution and founders of our Country!!

Magpul I am personally inviting you to come to Texas with all your employees and set up shop here. We will support you.

It's time to move da hell up outta Colorodo! Do you know what I'm saying????

Being democrats, we have wasted everyone's time and money pursuing our own anti-Constitutional agenda. We refuse to find out WHY our kids want to go on shooting sprees though. This is of no concern to us.

"one banning ammunition magazines with more than 15 rounds" So if I put only 15 rounds in my 17 round clip is that legal. I need to know this because I am a law abiding citizen.

I support a high tax on weed and government regulated levels of THC ... Mess with my descents freedoms ... Of 2 nd amendment rights .. weed smokers cant have guns also ..

Rifles of any kind account for very few gun related deaths. Maybe they should outlaw hammers, they are used to kill much more than rifles. Are they smoking their legalized dope in the Colorado statehouse these days? What have democrats got against constitutional rights? And do they not understand what " shall not be infringed" means? Take away the nut cases in society not the guns.

SUCH LIES - "Colorado was also the site of a 1999 massacre at Columbine High School, where two teenagers shot dead a teacher and 12 other students before committing suicide. Several of the guns used in that attack were bought at gun shows."Those shooters in Columbine were kids, so the guns that were sold at the gun shows were bought by adults, and then those kids stole them from their parents and friends.  Its amazing how these stories are full of untruths!!!!!!!!!

at this current rate on gun control, i wonder how soon it will be before a civil war breaks out in america againWhat a sad day for law-abiding gun owners in Colorado.  These feel-good laws do nothing to prevent evil people from committing another crime in gun-free zones.  After all, criminals could care less about them.

Hickenlooperis a party pooper.

Aurora theater shooting happened because police ignored a warning from psychiatrist.  Does the fact that Chief of Police Dan Oates used to report to Gun Ban Bloomberg have anything to do with it?  Dan Oates used to head up NYPD Intelligence unit.

Under Fast and Furious thousands of assault weapons were supplied to drug gangs and scores of innocent people died. All to justify a new assault weapon ban by claiming US gun stores supplied those weapons.  How can we trust them?  Are the latest excuses more Fast and Furious type operations?  Google "people killed fast and furious".

The shootings happened in gun free zones, People that want to kill other people will find a way to kill, bad people will find a gun no matter what, its called a black market, Laws only restrict law abiding citizens, There has been over 65 million firearm purchases since 2008 by law abiding citizens, I have not seen one instance of a cold blooded killer buy a gun legally and  commit a crime there! If they are buying their guns legally, why do they hurry back to gun free zones cities or states? because no one has a gun to stop them!

What will they blame the next mass shooting on..?

Re-Implementing the crime of J-walking would do more to save lives.

Another vacation spot scratched off my list! Guess I'll be going to Texas every year for vacation

What the Heck is going on with the gun owners in Colorado?   Once it goes into law it is difficult to remove it.......&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;STOP IT&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; this is stupidity.   this politicians are doing exactly what King of the Illuminati Obama is wanting them to do....

the law will never be enacted due to it being held up in various courts most likely.i bet feinstein got wet when she heard the news of a new gun ban.sick bitc*Denver, soon to be as safe as Chicago, the murder capital of the U.S. and where guns are completely banned. LOL

Do they require background checks to by marahoochie in Colorado?

Just the begining of what can happen to gun owners

LIBERALS ON GUNS (not a word from our liberal alphabet media)1.	Fort Hood – killer a registered Democrat2.	Columbine- killer too young to vote; however, parents registered Democrat and openly liberal3.	Virginia Tech – killer a Democrat and wrote hate mail to President Bush4.	Colorado Murderer – registered Democrat, staff worker on Obama campaign, Occupy Wall Street participant5.	Newtown – Registered Democrat who openly hated Christians

so why wait till Wednesday? cant find a pen?

The US Census ranks Idaho, Maine, Montana, New Hampshire, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, Vermont, Wyoming and Rhode Island as having the 10 lowest violent crime rates in the country.  9 of these states are gun friendly.Rhode Island is probably in that grouping because a lot of violent crime goes unreported because of either:1.  Omerta, or2.  We take our problems to the Don rather than the government.D.C., by the way, was OFF THE CHARTS!!!  Strictest gun laws in the nation!Anybody want to bet that Colorado will be rising in the violent crime rankings after this overreaction?

Good luck getting reelected!

As a law enforcement officer and an Oathkeeper, I sure feel sorry for the sheep that are going to be slaughtered.  You folks have no idea what's on the horizon.  Gangsters, especially Hispanic, are already talking about the day they take it from you folks.  I can only protect my own family, I apologize ahead of time when the time comes that we will not be there for you when you dial 911.

Take Colorado OFF of MY travel list.

Pay for your own background check?  How about a refund if it doesn't come up the way you want?Studies show 4 out 5 liberals have worms in their blood  !

A Denver news crew interviewed a group of thugs ,dope dealers and tweekers and asked the question ? " how do they feel about the new gun laws just passed and signed by the Governor " The news crew had to get to the hospital in a hurry to have there equipment surgically removed from their pipe holes.

Keep voting the liberals in, Colorado, and you will regret it.

Our rights come from nature and God, not from Government.

how much defense business/taxes will colorado lose with the looming defense cuts?

Laws don't stop crime. Politicians waste time making laws that never get enforced and when they fail, they write more laws. Don't you feel safer knowing while they disarm you, they are making a strong point for criminals who don't abide by laws. And they let them out early to prove it.

most of the 15 round+ magazines cause jams anyway, there  is plenty of junk out there, i seem to recall one of the recent murdering nut bags having encountered that problem as well, and thank God, as well as some #$%$ magazine mfgr. If the matter wasn't so serious it would be stomach ache  humorous to watch these know nothing about guns ninny politician passing laws which only limit the rights of the law abiding.  It's watching like a drunken, toothless  car mechanic trying to build a camel with a hacksaw and a blow torch

So, what will the Coloradans going to do when the next nut-case comes along an whacks a whole bunch more of their kids?How about this? 1) Lock the doors to the school, 2) Screen, arm and train the teachers (voluntary only probably only need 5% of teachers to be armed, 3) fortify the schools with bullet-proof glass in all the doors and windows at gorund level, Report all threats to the police, 5) implement a uniform dress code for all students (no trench coats, clear plastic bookbags, clear lids on all lunch boxes, 6) mandatory supervised check in and check out of all school visitors regardless of age or purpose, 7) limit access to the school one entrance point for all visitors during school hours. 8) do it now before there is another tragedy!

all the fruits and nuts moved to colorado from california and it is now ruined

Absolutely no more crime in Colorado after Wednesday.....Boycott Colorado.. vacations, products and services, it will eventually have an effect

Californians overruning the state

Is that Hickenlooper or SUCKING DICKAND ???

Oh I'm sorry, did I not mention both the State Senate &amp; State House are controlled by the Democrats along with of course with the governor? Funny, I thought it was in the story someplace. - Reuters

The gun control laws have worked out well....i wonder if more will improve mental people using bombs, knives, air planes, cars trucks ect....the only thing regulation will improve is black market

The Second Amendment: Because in a free society the people are responsible for their own security, the RIGHT to be armed shall not be infringed.

All of these laws are just feel-good legislation passed by liberals so they can say that they are doing something constructive.

Congratulations on not saving any lives.

“A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government.” – George Washington

40Million: Hitler: 34M: Stalin: 20M Mao,   Proof gun control worksPay for your own background checks, what a cheapskate !

Colorado is gone. It's totally blue and socialist.

So Coloradoans just buy their guns in another state.

Rep rhonda fields is one of the sponsers of this bill, and she has a very long criminal history.  But then so do mosto f the people who voted for her

It is sad when a government does not trust the people it is entrusted to protect and defend. This will have no effect on crime, as criminals will never obey the law. I will never go back to Colorado.

Time to go get these communists   WHAT PART OF SHALL NOT INFRINGE  do these democrat Marxist get

Colorado, the next Kalifornia, punishing all their law abiding citizens for what a few criminals do. That's three States now that I will never do business with again, CA and NY being the other two.

I wish they would come out in 2 weeks and say, APRIL FOOLS!

So, what they are saying is we need to carry more than one magazine at a time?

Colorado voters need to do some house cleaning next election but with the universities producing brain-numbed liberals and when you have most of the population centered in Denver and Colorado Springs where freebies are doled out you will have a tough time.Commie's doing what commies' do.

You can bet one thing; if I come to Colorado, I am bringing my guns and the idiots who try their #$%$ on me are going to get blown away.

FACT: Box knives are the deadliest assault weapon with the most fatalities ever used on American soil.

Fools.

A knee-jerk reaction by a jerk. All brought to you by The Peoples Republic Of Boulder.

John Hickenlooper is a Communist traitor.

State gun control measures will eventually go to the supremes. If they rule against the 2nd ammendment, there will be blood.

bye bye jobs idiot libs

So how's that recall petition comming initiated in Durango.  I am glad I don't live in Colorado but I wish I could sign the recal.  Denver the next Chicago.

“Who are the militia? Are they not ourselves? Is it feared, then, that we shall turn our arms each man gainst his own bosom. Congress have no power to disarm the militia. Their swords, and every other terrible implement of the soldier, are the birthright of an American…” – Tench Coxe 1788This is just war on legal citizens Does this moron think criminals will avail themselves of these three new laws

The question is.....................how much do you believe in your personal rights?

Thanks for nothing. What about the hundreds of other weapons and deadly drugs , gasses and compounds ?  What idiots will do to try and prove their position and work on re-election.

and the Sheriffs are refusing to carry it out, the people speak

Looks like a new red state in the making. If the people have any brain cells left.

Don't let these communists take your guns, you will be sorry, very sorry.

More punishment for all of the LEGAL gun owners. Hope the governor enjoys the end of his political career.

Wondering is your governor considered a he or a her..? Seems that ain't even clear...

So why not organize and overrun the capitol? Seriously? At what point do we just say enough and just do it? Because people call it nutjob? Is it really nutjob to stand and fight for your rights? If our forefathers thought that we would all be British today.

“Those now possessing weapons and ammunition are at once to turn them over to the local police authority. Firearms and ammunition found in a Jew’s possession will be forfeited to the government without compensation. Whoever willfully or negligently violates the provisions will be punished with imprisonment and a fine.” - Nazi Law (Regulations Against Jews’ Possession of Weapons), 1938Looks like it's time to recall a corrupt democrat ,John Hickenpooper. He's towing the line for  crackhead obama and his illigitmate, corrupt, regime.

This guy and others politicial futures  are chit as the votes will speak.

Fire his butt

Won't vacation there again.

He's signing his resignation if the voters in that state wake up.

"bar gun purchases by domestic violence offenders"That should be a no-brainier everywhere; the rest, should go in the trash!

Well we know who is going to loose there run at another office.

Why are our politicians trying to steal our civil rights from us?!  Aren't they supposed to help protect &amp; preserve our civil rights?!

I don't.

well colorado is not like it was when i lived there.i left when all those idiots from california started moving in.looks like they have took over.Oh yeah...this is really going to help. People will just go and buy the guns in some other state! This will solve nothing.

soon they will try to round you into camps...

Our FREEDOM is being taking away. WE can NOT let that happen. as you notice little by little the Demorats/Lib's are taking away your Freedom. We have to stand and fight.

My company and family trips will not be going back to colorado, we'll take our business elsewhere...thank your pot smokin', gay Governor!

I hope there is another 2 or 3 massive gun events in CO.  Shows them right.    Utter and complete morons running that state.

I called Governor Hickenlooper, I e-mailed a message and I posted a message on his facebook page urging him to veto these bills.  I knew I was wasting my time and energy but I tried anyway to make a difference in his decision to sign these bills into law.  I am hoping that him signing these bills will put an end to his chances as well as Democrat legislators for re-election

No comment. If I say I agree with this law, all the NRA boyz with complain. If I say it violates the 2nd amendment, then the victims rights groups will say I am a murderer. So you all decide what to talk about this.

Cold and Black was the heart of the people.

Note to self- send CO governor's re-election challenger a couple boxes of ammo's worth of campaign contributions.....

Here we go again trying to control the law abiding population. They say that the guns are bad never the person behind them. I think we should make all drugs illegal and take them off the street, OH I think we tried to do that but the drug culture still somehow manages to get them.Where's Jessica Law, Colorado?!!!  Infringe on the 2nd ammendment with no regard for children's safety.  Yeah, you Colorado people are bright.

Well I have taken my last vacation, or hunting trip in Colorado.

"Firearms stand next in importance to the Constitution itself. They are the American people's liberty teeth and keystone under independence ... From the hour the Pilgrims landed, to the present day, events, occurrences, and tendencies prove that to insure peace, security and happiness, the rifle and pistol are equally indispensable . . . the very atmosphere of firearms everywhere restrains evil interference - they deserve a place of honor with all that is good" (George Washington)

“After a shooting spree, they always want to take the guns away from the people who didn't do it." – Leftist gay writer William S. Burroughs

George Soros, Michael Bloomberg, Rahm Emanuel, Dianne Feinstein, Frank Lautenberg, Nancy Pelosi, Richard Blumenththal, Charles Schumer, Piers Morgan, Bob Schieffer...   All rich liberals with armed guards and gated communities.  Their Gun Ban Lobby is about their hatred of us.   Politicians in Colorado have been conned by people who look down on us.

Face it communist are running this country, scard to say it, who do you think the progressive liberals really are, just changed their name from communist to progressive, to hide who they really are. They have other communist like MSNBC, ABC, Yahoo, and others who pretend to be the news media, backing them, all they are is owned and operated by the progressive communist party of America. They voted in Obama to take this country down and that is just what he plans to do, first he takes the wealth and redistributes it to his Muslim clan, and illegals, and everyother facists he can find around the world. Then he demonizes any party that goes against him, call them racists, liars, blames them for what his is doing himself.,Obama took this rule from Hilter, studied how he took over Germany and there are enough fools in this country who will follow him for freebees. He has his pick of anti-American to put in office, and he has, and he will continue to do so. He race baits and it has work wonderfully for him, he divides and that has worked for him also. Now he will disarm you so you can't fight back, and the real Obama terror will show it face real soon.

Hickenpooper is up for re-election NEXT YEAR.  He's an idiot if he signs these.  Americans don't like being blamed for the crimes of others, and don't like being treated as potential criminals who are untrustworthy of having their rights to possess property.

Hey, well @ least they can keep a few letters like the capital "C" &amp; "O" when they change the welcome sign from "C"olorad"o" to "C"hicag"o"

Wonder if minority populations are a factor?82% of blacks and 72% of Hispanics in favor of stricter gun controls ............ 80% of gun fatalities done by blacks and Hispanics! Fine contributors to this society!It’s great how all the democrat cities are being disarmed &amp; brainwashed to give up their weapons. How do you think you democrats are going to deal with a civil war, or riots? I know, you won't be able to &amp; THAT is a key part to the "plan".  We are disarming you, using your own 'leaders" to talk you into it. Suckers!YOUR PRESIDENT IS THE ONE THAT IS PROMOTING A HUGH DIVISION IN THIS COUNTRY. JUST FOR YOUR INFORMATION.Why is will smith trying to recreate old movies that have already been done, and basically insert his kid, or other blacks in place with the same plot? Karate kid.These are perfect examples of what democrats, unions, and liberals want for our country. Higher taxes--less products being produced because of higher union wages---more and more people on the government "programs"---schools so poor that the graduates can't escape and succeed in college--generations on the welfare rolls--they all depend on the government and who is for larger government-?-the democrats--it is a democrat vote for every welfare check being issued--so why change it?--the worse the country is doing the better it is for the democrats--why is that the major cities vote democrat? Who votes against Santa Clause?Democrats are doing a great job, of keeping the city’s poor &amp; uneducated. Keep voting democrat, Dumb &amp; dumber. All the schools in these great cities are run by democrats too; keep up the go work keeping the people dumb, so they vote for democrats.

John Hickenlooper employed an illegal alien who got drunk and killed a little girl.Ban Hickenlooper and his illegal laborersSo…… basically punish the people who obey the law because of lunatics and criminals that don’t obey the law….because criminals and lunatics care about these new laws.  These laws will definitely stop criminals from obtaining fire arms or better yet they will not carry guns because it is harder to obtain a concealed weapons permit….really???!!!! our government continues to show how truly ignorant they are!!

...And make criminals out of law abiding citizens. If you are going to make a criminal out of me with the arbitrary stroke of a pen, then I guess I should start REACTING like one!!!

This is a perfect backdoor gun ban and slap in the face of the constitution.  The combination of requiring background checks for all gun purchases and the requirement that the purchaser pay for the check will effectivly outlaw guns from lawabiding citizens.  With no doubt the background checks will be turned over to a private company with no limits on the fees that can be charged.  This will allow that company (through another backdoor law) to charge 10, 20 or 30 thousand dollars for a background check will effectively stop anybody except the rich (which somehow), the law doesn't apply to.

this is another end run around the Constitution , and this guy should be impeached

Hunter don't go to Colorado to hunt and buy hunting tags and liscens to hunt. put the hurt on the state . make this cost the state of Colorado millons of dollars

Incidents happen and as usual, government panics.

The idiot liberals take away a little more freedom

hows that hope and change feeling when your a mile high?

I bet all the criminals in Colorado are shaking now! Now when they rob or muder someone, hey will be breaking the law!

The constitution is an old document anyway!We don't need no stinkin' constitution. I say leave it up to the government to decide what we need. The Third Reich knew how to do it until those damn Russians started that battle in Stalingrad.Why does every single leftist article about guns include " Newtown" "Sandy Hook" or "just like the one used in Sandy Hook" and include the death toll? yes, we all know about Sandy Hook. All this does is make me forget about the tragedy and get pi$t off that I just read another garbage article.

“To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them.” - Richard Henry Lee, 1778

Have hunted Colorado since 1978, I am done, they are as bad as California. Hunters don't support these States, go to other Western States

I feel sorry for anyone that has to live in a communist state .

another new Democratic tax  money is what this is all about. All you weapon manufacturers just move out of this dictator run state

Idiotic.

Anyone who believes these laws will prevent crime is a fool. Any politician pushing these laws is a fraud.

Colorado may now be the safest place to commit a crime, excluding Chicago of course.

It is interesting how the GOVT works.....first they open the gates on Marijuana....once everyone is stoned they pass gun laws.......just like California......does anyone else see the pattern?

What a great idea.  Instead of mandating that the vendor, who has a license to protect, pay for the background check (which would ultimately get passed to the buyer, anyway), they encourage the buyer to do the "wink-and-nod" thing to save a couple bucks.Well thought out.  I guess if you sign some gibberish into law you should expect that everyone will follow it.  After all, that is the fundamental, underlying assumption with all of these legislative gund control "solutions".What idots that run that state.  It had to do with people that were mental.  Not guns.  And what about Jessica's Law.  They won't touch that one.  That is much worse than anything to do with guns.

Is everyone impressed I know I am , lol !! ( sarcasm )

instead of stating what the law affects they should say who is exempt from the laws they pass .. what makes any one person so special they are exempt from any law ? all laws should apply to every person in america , i am sure people can remember what happened in the past when people felt they were better than others .

Good luck citizens of Colorado. There was a report here that on the average it took the police 22 minutes to respond to an emergency 911 call. Just tell that armed home intruder to wait a few minutes until the police arrive. We are armed and we will vote against any Democrats that want to take away our guns.

The Governor of Colorado squats to #$%$.

The good thing is that they are not limiting drones.

This Gov is a jerk!...And so are the people that put him in office!....You deserve what you get!

Moron Governor! Good luck on your rights slipping away CO!

Pay attention, Colorado voters.  You voted this anti-Constitutional, nanny-state socialist into office with his leftist friends.Better think long and hard next time.

One State, one more gun control measure. Eventually, if you look away, ALL of your rights will be gone!Will not visit again..

Colorado is working hard to help crime ... a great "help yourself" enterprise.Only law-abiding folk obey gun laws.The others can't stop laughing.

The anti-gun advocates should study history.  Ideas are more powerful than guns.  The first group that gets executed or exiled are the supporters of the new dictatorship.  Having swallowed the ideology that propelled the leaders to a position of power, those believers become a threat when that ideology is betrayed.

One that makes buyers pay for their own background checks?? SERIOUSLY??? I'm not the one who requires it why should I pay for it!!!

why reducing the magazine size will really stop the crime?  NOT!  More clips same qty of bullets.  The real problem is mental disease like dems have.  You need to deal with the real problem!

ROFL! He can sign whatever the hell he wants. His sheriffs have already said they WON'T enforce his illegal "laws".

Those Democrats are Traitors to the Constitution and make me sick! Our Founding Fathers would probably shoot them!

All this for us lawbidding , and nothing to really stop the criminals?Governor , your a #$%$

Another dumb #$%$ with his head up his #$%$

Now more than at any time in your life ! the time to make the right decisions are at hand , Socialism is Not Mankind's friend ! in any way shape or form !How is it possible for these communists to get elected? Especially in a western state like Colorado? It's way past time the people woke up; march on the capital. Throw these evil SOB's out and regain your rights.  Every one of your state legislators that voted for this and your governor should be impeached and never again allowed to run for office again.

Hickenlooper is a #$%$ traitor and needs to be shot dead.

This is ridiculous!! How about include the fact that the magazine ban's language bans any magazine that is capable of being modified to hold 15... Which is almost ALL magazines! Makes many NON ASSAULT rifles illegal to use (for those of you that are so concerned about whatever you THINK "assault rifle" means, this affect a lot more than that). Luckily, many of our sheriffs have already announced that they will not enforce these moronic laws

I hope they impeach his stupid #$%$.

This governor should be halved. The government setup the shootings and their puppet governor takes away the people's rights.

LIP SERVICE......will not remedy the situation at all. The number of rounds in the magazine will not matter to the nutcase that wants to perpetrate a mass killing. The perp can steal a weapon, or buy one under the table; the lower capacity mags will mean more frequent reloading, unless the perp has a stolen/black market weapon and mags. Paying for one's own background check, when the government is the one that demands it is just another way to raise more tax money and penalize honest citizens. Yet, all this is common sense. They want us to all be sheep and blindly follow their rules, no matter how dumb. LIP SERVICE.

Some claim that gun owners are violent.  It was a state wide newspaper, Des Moines Register, that called for the murder of NRA members.  It is liberal newspapers that publish names and addresses of gun owners.  Obviously to help violent lefties follow the DMR call.  And of course to send criminals to steal those guns.  Now who is violent?  Google "kaul kill nra".

Under Fast and Furious thousands of assault weapons were supplied to drug gangs and scores of innocent people died. All to justify a new assault weapon ban by claiming US gun stores supplied those weapons.  Aurora was a small operation in comparison.  Chief Dan Oates is/was a follower of Gun Ban Bloomberg.  He used to run the NYPD Intelligence unit.  Pretty obvious why police ignored the warning from psychologist.  Google "people killed fast and furious".

Only 7 rounds?  lol!  Takes me less than 1sec to change a magazine.

So has Magpul decided where they're moving too yet? The dems think Magpul is bluffing, we shall see.Oh CO law makers and anti-gun libs, you guys are incredibly stupid. CA already has a universal background check law for any gun transfer yet people do it "under the table" all of the time and no one can stop it and enforce it. We also have a 10 round magazine limit yet 30+ round magazines are readily available and are easy to find even for law abiding citizens. Oh and our gun crime rate is still pretty high thanks to a majority of gang members mainly in Stockton and Oakland. But hey if you are that ignorant and foolish to think these "feel good" laws will stop mass murders and lower overall gun violence then I guess you really do deserve to get the opposite. I feel sorry for the pro gun crowd since they are the only ones with the common sense to know this as the truth.

All this posturing in Colorado is meaningless. Don't they have any problems that they can really do something about?

Hey, how about this law. Instead of a law preventing people from having guns, a law FORCING PEOPLE to OWN at least ONE gun. I mean, OTARDO is MAKING people buy healthcare.  Maybe we need to MAKE people by guns.     How would you liberals feel about that?  Not happy eh?

Hickenlooper is a smelly pooper.

if the country ever needs an enima just insert the hose in colorado.

Legalize weed,Outlaw guns.So they just got everyone to stoned to care.

All the recent gun crimes were in states that had some of the toughest anti-gun laws and it didn't stop the criminal element. Hey, so whats one more law? THAT OUGHT A DO IT!!!!!!

ok so instead of a 30 rd mag, they'll just stock up on the 15's, big #$%$ deal ,,,,,,,

Moron Democrats .... How about a bill requiring the banning of all mass shootings you know make them illegal ...will have the same effect as this stupid poorly thought out bill

**  This day will go down in history, for the first time a civilized nation will have full gun registration, our streets will be safer, our police will be more efficient and the world will follow us into the future. --- ( Adolf hitler, 1935 on Weapons Act of Nazi Germany.)  **These Libtard politicians are actually pretty smart to be shovig these laws down our throat as quick as possible. You see, Americans have a very short attention span therefore if they get these laws passed ASAP, they will not be held to the fire come election time at the end of 2014.  This isnt a knee jerk reaction, it is a hurry up and get it done now so everyone forgets plan.

To the individuals that say people that are pro-gun  "have blood on their hands", so do you. If you are an American and enjoy the freedoms granted you under the Constitution, you have blood on your hands.Your support and use of freedom of speech, religion, the press etc. it was all bought and paid for in blood. People fought, killed and died to secure these rights for you. Every time you exercise these rights your getting more blood on your hands.The tree of liberty was watered in blood. Although the recent events were tragic beyond words, they aren't worth sacrificing hard won freedoms. The founding fathers knew freedom wasn't easy, or without cost.Many have forgotten the lessons learned and want to throw away those inalienable rights. These freedoms don't just belong to the Republicans or Democrats, they belong to the people.

I personally don't really give a #$%$ about his new signed law.  I will break it. Nobody is going to tell me how many round clip I'm going to have.

Gun Owners are now forced to become SINGLE ISSUE VOTERS - regardless of anything else, if a candidate is PRO guns then vote FOR them... let the Liberals see exactly what kind of monster they've created.

you cant fix stupid or legislate against crazy people

Any one who owns a Hunting store I feel sorry for you. You might as well close up shop, you can't compete. How far is it from to the State Line. The Black Market is coming.

Yeah this will stop the criminals. I really like how people have to pay for background checks now. This is basically a tax that will go to the government for more wasted spending.

I think the governor of Colorado should consider banning BATMAN movie's in their theaters too.  And, the other "approved" movies shouldn't allow more than 16 oz. soft drinks either.  Frisk everyone too.  Ask the mayor of NYC for advice on how we should all behave!!  :-/

Bend over, stick head between legs and kiss butt goodbye you commie jerk!

What an idiot! No amount of laws stop crazy people or criminals!!!!This comment is blocked by the administrator 卐

To the politicians who voted for this: enjoy your "job" while it lasts.

A free state is eagerly awaiting the arrival of Magpul Industries and their hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. I hear governors Perry, Haley, Scott, and Brewer are at this very moment all en route to Erie, Colorado.

i hope magpul keeps their word and moves out of communist Colorado

Why is holmes still the ''accused'' gunman?

TRAITOR!!!

And what are you carrying under your front seat Farmer Jones?

"The passage of those bills comes as the nation reels from several mass shootings last year..."Wouldn't it be more accurate to say that these bills have passed based on the cynical use of such incidents in a non-stop campaign by liberal politicians and the media to push an unconstitutional, anti-gun, 'authoritarian' agenda that will do absolutely nothing to stop criminals; infringing on the natural rights of law-abiding citizens and leaving them reeling as to how far we've drifted from the concepts of freedom, liberty, and personal responsibility?

Obama is buying and stocking ammo, and guns by the millions, he is converting old military bases to house thousands of people, illegals, no, terrorists yes, that is how he plans to get you, label you a terrorist if you disagree with his polices. Call it BS, most liberal sheep will, but its true, people who have worked on these places are talking about it. Don't trust Obama, never trust his cronies, Holder, Pelosi, dirty Harry, and some of the liberal senate, not all are behind Obama in the Democrat party, they know what he is up to, and you should also.

Boy this will sure curb the illegal gun owners from being able to shoot up a place. I bet all you people in Colorado feel real safe now.Can anyone please tell me how this will stop murders? or even put a small dent in them? Pay for your own back ground check? Now that is just stupid!

phocking Democrats wouldn't understand utility if it slapped them in the face as an action of universal good for the people.

lets see how this extraordinary well thought law will affect the criminal who will never get a background check and that buys all his 30 round guns in the back alleys of colorado....

Guess I won't be visiting Colorado anymore.

Another nut job in Colorado. This one happens to be a politician. Goodbye freedoms.

No.  This is the end now.

There are more than 22,431 restrictive gun laws in force. Of those, not even one has ever reduced crime. In fact, crime has increased after each of these laws, and the amount depends on the severity and level of enforcement of the law.

Hickenlooper, Chickencooper, Frickenloser

HE NEEDS TO GO...................

Show me any man or woman.  I will write a law and make any of them a criminal.  I see many more criminals in Colorado.   Stand tall freedom lovers, it isn't free.This governor is a pupped on a string led on by outsiders, he don't have a brain of his own just doing what he is told by dumberg of NY. Shame on you governor, communist. Pack your bags dude your out of here.

Old news for liberal consumption. Colorado, like most states, has done nothing to detect mentally ill folks from obtaining firearms. This is just feel good legislation.

Nevermind gun clontrol, we need government control!

Denver will become the next Chicago. Murder capital of the country.

The Democrats in the Colorado legislature and the Governor as well are a disgrace!  They are against the U.S. Constitution and against America.  They are wasting our time and money!  THROW THE BUMS OUT come next election time.

Just more feel good, worthless legislation designed to appeal to the low information, useful idiots.  I hope the people of Colorado wise up and send these morons back to their failing law practices.

#$%$ Colorado, Colorado is no longer part of the USA!

Now we'll see what happens GV68 you just dont get it do you?

The Leftist's are coming ,, THE LEFTIST'S ARE COMING !

An uprising is near I can smell the gun powderTreason

Colorado, stand up and protest this mess.  If you don't, the politicians will think you don't give a d   a   m   n.  Stand up for yourselves and your freedoms.  Because if you don't, you'll lose more of them

this is what happens when libs #$%$ up a state so bad (california) they have to move to another state.  they will destroy colorado just like they have destroyed california.

Knee jerk nonsense that would have prevented nothing that has happened in the past. Any mental case can go buy a gun as long as the background check clears. And it is always the mental cases that wind up in the news with this stuff. You cannot legislate around a person's state of mind. POLITICIANS ARE ONLY INTERESTED IN THEIR NEXT ELECTIONS..NOT YOUR WELL BEING.

Colorado should ban automobiles because more people are killed by cars than guns.

TORA  TORA   TORA    He has opened colorado up for crime.

The debate was all a sham.  Democrats are for limiting our freedoms.  Soon to follow; "common sense" reforms to free speech, our right to assemble, etc.  Shame on you Hick!

Colorado Governor to sign a bill that VIOLATES the U.S. Constitution!

I predict the next mass shooting will take place in Colorado

Just another socialists #$%$ trampling on the constitution, Progressive dirtbags are tearing this country down, when are we going to fight back America.and once again our brilliant elected officials are adding laws that would not have thwarted or prevented the acts that triggered the new laws.  Just more useless bureaucracy and unnecessary control by government.  Why do these elected officials think they have the right to determine how I can protect myself and my family?  What arrogance!

I see people who WILL NOT be re-elected.

Someone should take all these posts (and every other site) by LAW ABIDING GUN OWNERS and swamp the State Legislator's mail boxes, both regular mail and internet mail!

They can kiss magpull goodbye. Hopefully every gun manufacturer or any business involved in firearms, pull their business and move to a true american state, like Texas.

Time to bring back tar and feathering.

Will not visit again..

Commence recalls of all unconstitutional politicians.

FACT- There are over 300 million guns in circulation in the United States.FACT- Anyone determined to perpetrate a senseless insane actof violence will find a way to  accomplish it no matter howmany obstacles they encounter!FACT- Considering the above facts the only way to deal with theexisting situation is additional security at vulnerable targets.PERIOD!

I think New York should ban Middle Easterners, they killed over 3,500 people in one day.  Instead of worrying about terrorists, go after all people from the Middle East.  This is the exact same concept.

He ended his career with one stroke of the pen........I sold all my guns last week , people are paying really good money.

Oh Wow!  It's really going to make a difference only having 15 rounds in the mag.  Nothing like passing laws to get votes.  Looks like the Cowards are in full force in Colorado.

Liberals must take care to implement gun control incrementally and not try to take too big a bite all at once. A little at a time will accomplish total gun control. Too much at once will invite revolution. Be patient my liberal friends, and you wil have your utopia.

Crime is Crime and Rights are Rights, lets keep the two separate please.The land of the FREE and the home of the BRAVE!

"Colorado governor will sign three gun control measures on Wednesday"Colorado governor will commit three separate acts of TREASON against the United States Constitution and the People it represents.

All these laws do is help ease the fears of the population who are not educated on firearms.It does nothing to stop another tragedy. They only reduce liberty, and do nothing to protect an individual from bodily harm.

with a name like hickenlooper what do you expect ship him to africa

I believe if we put in murder free zones, rape free zones, suicide free zones, burglary free  zones, mentally ill free zones, in every inch of the US, we should be good right?  All these laws are supposed to curb criminal action right? Well, if criminals follow laws as the officials think they will, all these free zones won't allow them to commit crimes. Right? lol

The law are patently unconstitutional if there is a Supreme Court anymore who even believes in the Constitution.

Another liberal failure, prescribing an aspirin for a brain tumor.Career ender.

When guns are outlawed......We will become outlaws.

You can take guns away but you can't take crazy people off the street.  People kill people not guns.

s gov is a gutless wonder it will not help but how about the law that protects kids from being molested gov good luck on your relection if the folks ofb your state have any sand they will vote you out

Hey people of Colorado do you hear the sound of the door closing on your freedom.

Too many California idiots moving to states like Colorado.  I foresee a revolution in this country.

Obama will add free background checks his Obamaphone and Obamacare. But only to get the background check; not to issue a gun. Of course, no criminal will get a background check. So criminals will continue killing. Nothing changes.

Drugs are creating these lunatics, not guns. And yet Colorado wants to legalize drugs.

Liberals are destroying the very foundation of our liberty and freedom. They need to be ousted out of office real quick and in a hurry!

As the Indian independence leader Mahatma Gandhi (hero of leftists everywhere) once said:  "Among the many misdeeds of the British rule in India, history will look upon the act of depriving a whole nation of arms, as the blackest."Colorado 卐

Want to see how popular gun control is? Go to nysaferesolutions web site.It shows all the counties in NYS that have resolutions against Dictator Cuomo's SAFE act.It will blow your mind. remember this is a deep blue state. so far 56 out of 61 passing pro 2nd amendment legislation.

idiot I doubt if he will get reelected thanks bye bye

Inflation just struck the black market!

Im a criminal and I can't wait for Wednesday!  Great going my democratic buddies!

score 1 point for tyranny

So he's gung ho about taking away rights from law abiding citizens yet he's unsure about taking guns away from domestic violence offenders? What an idiot. This is the logic of liberals here folks. #$%$ Colorado. Consider any future plans to your shithole state cancelled.

"Colorado's governor will sign three gun control bills into law on Wednesday, including one banning ammunition magazines with more than 15 rounds in a state that has experienced two of the deadliest mass shootings in U.S. history.The measures that Democratic Governor John Hickenlooper will sign also include a bill requiring universal background checks for gun buyers, and another that requires gun buyers to pay for their own background checks, said the governor's spokesman, Eric Brown."So, let me get this straight...if these laws had been in force prior to James Holmes' rampage, he would NOT HAVE BEEN ABLE TO DO WHAT HE DID...RIGHT?  After all, I doubt he would want to be caught murdering people with a gun he obtained without a background check, which, by the way, HE was supposed to pay for!!!!!

The best thing to do now is email Colorado chambers of commerce and let them know you will not be visiting their state nor purchasing anything made therein.

What I went to knew is how are they going to enforce this laws. All states were complaining about not having enough man power to enforce the laws that are on the books now, And even Biden said that himself. New Laws but still no one to enforce them. Democrats are really killing them self in the elections next year. First is the second amendment and then your other rights. History will repeat its self, It has started already. Wak up PeopleThe government wants you disarmed and powerless when it siezes your retirement savings and 401 k's to pay off the chinese.

Hope Colorado citizens send this tyrant prick gov packing and the tyrant idiots who passed this legislation !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

way to go colorado the potheads in your state are breaking federal law that you choose to ignore  and  you pass new gun legislation .. so when did it become exceptable to pick and choose the laws we are going to uphold

Impeach him and the clowns that support him.

look at the "black cop" in California who shot his superiors. right or wrong, he just thought he was being overwhelmed. I ask you, are all these new laws all over the country going to "overwhelm" more people. do you really think they are going to help....or make more people go overboard?

Idiots in Government! Its a Epidemic, &amp; getting worst.

we would not be here if those progressive liberal democrats would have got off there meds and not killed anyone.

I don't have a problem with these measures other than they are a bunch of hot air that won't produce squat in results.  Let's get tough on crime and stop wasting time on legislation that only serves to makes anti-gun people feel good.  Make a difference vs. legislation not doing a thing.

Obama called Lickenlooper and told him he'd blow him if he would sign the bill.

nail in your coffin SW.........."Colorado governor will sign three gun control measures on Wednesday" and on Thursday he should announce that he is going to "Spend more time with his family" and not seek re-election.

All you clueless schmucks who think these politicians are going to get voted out for passing this legislation have a bis surprise coming. They're POLITICIANS, which means they wouldn't be doing this if the voters didn't support it. It's pretty simple. They voted for this legislation because it will get them re-elected.

This guy wants people who rape babies not to get serous  time for their crimes

1930's Germans also considered themselves progressive, enlightened, intelligent "good" socialist. They were fundamentally transforming the world, and for socialist, the ends always justify the means

A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government.” — George Washington

Well if the govenor signs the fraudulent bills into effect there will be no one in Colorado made safer except the criminals. If the folks in Colorado like being crime victims then all is good nothing needs to be done. On the other hand if they don't like being crime victims then they need to get moving and recall the scoundrals that are working to make them crime victims. Those clowns need to be replaced with folks that will undo the fraudulent legislation and do instead the things that work.

we spit on Colorado and those non-thinking parents whose kids died from gun violence, no sympathy from me anymore.

I will never vacation in Colorado again, over the last 20 years I have spent thousands in that state no more! I feel for the citizens of that state.

that univeral back ground check really worked for obama didnt it?

This is great news now there will be no more killings by firearms in Colorado oh happy days are here again (sarcasm)Heads will roll in 2014 elections. Dems are out across the board...... They #$%$d up bad...

FEINSTEINS BILL IS DEAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DROPPED DEAD ,GONE , DONE , OVER ..............COLORADO VOTE THESE FRAKS OUT

First Chicago now Colorado.  Too dangerous to visit those places again.

Elect some more democrats, lose some more rights.

SPRINGFIELD, Ill., March 18, 2013 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The following was released today by the Illinois State Rifle Association (ISRA):A weekend internet survey conducted by the ISRA reveals that gun owners solidly support the right to keep and bear arms and overwhelmingly reject gun control schemes currently before Congress and the Illinois General Assembly.The survey was accessible from the ISRA's Internet page and was also distributed by way of the ISRA's e-mail alert service. In all, more than 4,500 individuals responded to the 50-question survey over a two-day period. Of those 4,500 respondents, 97% reported that they owned at least one firearm.Survey results indicate that recent gun control proposals are not very popular with gun owners. No less than 99% of respondents expressed opposition to banning AR-15 style rifles. Similar majorities oppose banning AK-47 style rifles and other semiautomatic rifles, pistols and shotguns.

I do hope these gun companies pull out of this State, and refuse to sell to any law enforcement agency of that state!

Watch, things will continue to happen like these mass shootings. Then people will be like, "why aren't these awesome new gun control laws working?" We are losing rights and freedoms people! Criminals lost there rights and now we are gona make it easier for them to do what they want. Why people cant see this is beyond me. It doesnt matter how many bullets a gun will hold if someone wants to kill, they are gona kill. What other freedoms are you willing to give up??? There are more to come, if we let it keep happening!

If you look CLOSELY at the photograph,you can actually SEE the "Puppet Strings" leading up to "Obama`s fingers,and then up to George Soro`s TOTAL CONTROL!!!~

Why are all the comments blocked.  Free speak yahoo!!

I hate to say I told you so but... well, actually no. I don't hate to say I told you so you gun freaks death fetish cult. This is just the beginning. ;-)Just another anti-American politician reneging on his oath to uphold and defend the constitution of the United States of America.

Vote these IDIOTS OUT !!!

I simply cannot wait until this whole "gun control" push blows up in the liberals faces! It's always fun watching their feel good measures crash and burn. Anti-gun is anti-American... Don't like it then feel free to move to the UK.

"Any man who thinks he can be happy and prosperous by letting the US Government Officials take care of him, better take a closer look at the American Indian." - Henry Ford

Pot smokin politics right there ladies and gentlemen

"Following Columbine, the state closed a loophole that allowed firearms purchases at gun shows without a background check."   that's great and all, but they stole the guns....

Change dot org...recall john hickenlooper....sign and spread!!!!

The historical reality of the Second Amendment’s protection of the right to keep and bear arms is not that it protects the right to shoot deer. It protects the right to shoot tyrants, and it protects the right to shoot at them effectively, with the same instruments they would use upon us. If the Jews in the Warsaw ghetto had had the firepower and ammunition that the Nazi soldiers had, some of Poland might have stayed free and more persons would have survived the Holocaust. -Judge Andrew Napolitano.

Pay very close attention to NY. Colorado is following in it's footsteps. A lot of NY's senators will be handed their walking papers in the next election for passing the SAFE ACT in the cover of darkness, stripping citizens of their rights.

Having to pay money to exercise your rights (having to pay for your own background check) is no different than a voter having to pay a poll tax to vote.Wow aren't they great lawmakers!!! I am certain the people will be so grateful that so many lives will be saved -- we all know just how much the bloodthirsty criminal types follow the law.

Heil Hickenlooper!

I live here and all the ones that voted for this #$%$ did this on there own ! They cant tell itwill save any childrens lives at all they want our rights taken away thats it ! They spent all that time and not one bill on armed security for our schools now that would have made since to help stop this from happening at our schools but it would not help this gov move up in the obama administration so let the children deal with one more shooting right but i stopped 15 round clips from being used maybe they will use what they did at columbine

I sure would hate to have to run a hunting or fishing guide service in CO right now.  Those are the guys that are really going to suffer from this.

Hopefully someone takes out this POS

What a bunch of limp-wristed leftist, no-account, liberal, #$%$-sucking ignoramuses.

Colorado's State Constitution article 2 Section 13,, (the law the democrats in Colorado just violated, and why some Sheriffs in Colorado have already said they more their deputies will be enforcing these State Unconstitutional laws)here's the LAWThe right of no person to keep and bear arms in defense of his home, person and property, or in aid of the civil power when thereto legally summoned, shall be called in question; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to justify the practice of carrying concealed weapons.

Abortion kills over an estimated 3000 unborn children a day in the United States. Planned parenthood kills an estimated 800 unborn children a day. Liberals steadfastly cling to their right of choice. Medical negligence and prescription drugs is estimated to kill over 1900 a day in the United States! The number one cause of accidental death in the United States today is now prescription drugs! Where is the outrage! Evidence-Based death is what we have.These idiot liberals want to take your guns away,because there were 8,600 firearm killings last year, mainly in liberal stronghold cities like Chicago and Detroit! They might want to look at the mass killings under the guise of free will,and so called medical science, and the prescription drug problem all estimated to kill over 4,900 souls a day!!.These atrocities have destroyed so many, many lives! Shame on you, you liberal jugheads, and the medical profession that has produced all this death and destruction! Where is the outrage!!!

what law did they pass for crazy mental people?

"Colorado governor will sign three gun control measures on Wednesday"... Texas governor won't :-) Sucks to be you Colorado... God Bless Texas!STUPID ... STUPID ...  STUPID .. What REALLY bugs me is how can ANY STATE,  and ANY FEDERAL LEGISLATION BAN ANY GUNS when the Second Amendment says "THE RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED."   What part of that don't they understand.  VOTE'M ALL OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I say we should adopt laws that only allow good upstanding criminals to have guns, YAH!! that ought do it.

Wanted government leaders who know how to use common sense, follow the U.S Constitution, will work for the best interest of the people who hire them and stand behind law abiding citizens. Please apply in the State of Colorado. Liberals need not apply.

gun control only punishes the people who didn't commit the crimeThey'll never learn

Boycott Colorado, move the gun factories to a gun friendly state.

I wonder if Magpul will really move out of Colorado.  I know we would love to have 600 new jobs in Texas...

He is an anti American....wolf in sheeps clothing promising their doing it for you and your children! Making the movement against freedom proud! Disarm and then try to take over.........stay tuned NRA says.....more at eleven???

Colorado Sheriffs by and large, won't enforce these unconstitutional laws, but still, I'm going check Colorado off the short list for where to retire and vacation.

And then Colorado will be safe - yea right!

Kiss your gun rights away,its time to buy bows,arrows!!!Both of these numbers are way to high 1.37million,call it whatever,i call it a fetus dying.  28,663 dying by guns almost the same as Auto deaths maybe we should do away with Autos.Number of deaths by firearms - 28,663Number of abortions per year: 1.37 Million Since 1973 almost 40-50 million abortions performed in the United States

What happens to people who own magazines that hold more than 15 rounds? Do they get put on the state criminals list? How does lawmakers plan to deal with the magazines (factory or aftermarket) that are already owned by honest citizens?

Hey Outlaw Crime too that would be better..

"and another that requires gun buyers to pay for their own background checks."  They always find a way to get revenue out of every tragedy.

The sickest thing about this is that supports of these bills, during various hearings and committees, admitted that these bills would have done nothing to stop the mass shootings that "inspired" them.So then, what's the point? You placing a burden on law abiding citizens so that the sheep can "feel" better?Idiots.

I want to know how paying for our own background checks would have stopped any of these crimes. Why stop here, they also went after CCW permit holders. The CCW permit holders are not the problem, and are not the ones shooting up schools and malls. The Oregon Mall shooter was stopped by a CCW permit holder, yet the liberal media failed to report that. Now that I'm on a roll.... how is limiting magazines to 15 rounds going to stop a lunatic from committing a crime? The universal background checks is another useless law as they need to fix the NICS database where the mentally ill are registered and can not purchase a gun. A criminal gets a gun and equipment from the black market 79% of the time. Here go Colorado tax dollars paying these people for what?? Obviously not to think as they failed miserably at that.

Congratulations on your political posturing, perhaps you can now go back to doing things that will actually matter and make a difference....oh, forgot, we're talking about democrats.

And to think that the nut jobs killing innocent people could have shot the morons passing these stupid laws.

you people are dumb as hell in that state

Gov. your future in Government is going to be Zero. That's what's going To happen to you dumb #$%$ Liberal Communist.First, I am not against gun ownership.  But tell me, why are so many gun activisits against universal background checks for gun ownership?

Throw these idiots out of office!

"The power to tax is the power to destroy" - Sounds so reasonable BUT - how much for the check?  $5,000?  $10,000?

Now when is he going to ban abortions??.......its for the children, right?  frickin' morons!

And the psychiatrists will keep prescribing the FDA approved psychotropic drugs that make the patients have homicidal urges and the killings will continue. Better hope the Constitutional groups sue to block the bills just like others sued to block Obamacare.

Time for undocumented guns.

GOD speed ahead innocent gun owners, GOD SPEED AHEAD!

the politicians know the gun laws won't make any difference but they have to pass them to make it look good to the public

You can't fix stupid.

you hear that everybody? thats the sound of your freedom being snatched. enjoy, you get the government you vote for.I live in Colorado and I am ashamed at the liberal direction this state  gone. They have made pot legal and now want to take our guns away.

You Governor are an IDIOT! As a Dad of 4 daughters, Dad of 1 son, and a husband living in the state you Govern over where even the Police state they CANNOT protect everyone. I say to you, YOU ARE ARE TO BLAME WHEN LAW ABIDING CITIZENS FALL PREY TO THE CRIMINALS IN YOUR STATE! You coward! My family will not be victims from your gun bans.OUR 2nd Amendment RIGHT does NOT bend to your signature.

So I guess the national instant check system is not good enough for the state , that the one you have to pay for after Wednesday will be better? Wounder how much the state will chage for that?

Democrats will always take individual rights away. Demo DNA drives them to harm people under the lie of saving them. "It's for the children".

And just like that.....Problem solved!!!!

Colorado, your State has just infringed on your right to bear arms.

So did they exempt Glock hand guns that have a magazine capacity of 18 rounds...lots of police officers carry them...let's round them all up and put them in jail????

Colorado' s governors is just as naive as a baby on a boat. The punishment should be addressed not another law. Laws only work when they're enforced. This is to appease the mommas and the poppas that have lost children to gun violence. But Nothings gonna bring Billy back. The penalty for a crime drives up the profit for supplying the materials.

I was in Colorado in 2004 and a libturd told me not to stay since it was a republican state. How wrong he was.

"Are we at last brought to such humiliating and debasing degradation, that we cannot be trusted with arms for our defense? Where is the difference between having our arms in possession and under our direction, and having them under the management of Congress? If our defense be the real object of having those arms, in whose hands can they be trusted with more propriety, or equal safety to us, as in our own hands?" (Patrick Henry, 3 J. Elliot, Debates in the Several State Conventions 45, 2d ed. Philadelphia, 1836)What do you expect ? He is an obama suck up and a gay wannabe lib.

Colorado used to be a great state, down home beliefs and frontier spirit, but then the Californians moved in because they wanted to live the laid back life of Colorado, but then they started complaining that "this is not the way we did it back home, we need to change things here"  and they did.  Now Colorado is over run with California liberals..

Democrats, the best gun salesmen in the world.

"UNIVERSAL" background checks? Except for GANG MEMBERS, who commit 90% of gun muders in America! This law only applies to MIDDLE CLASS law abiding AMERICANS!! The destruction of the middle class is the goal of Obama and the democrats, and by disarming us they will achieve their goal!

Welcome to fascist USA Colorado.

They really need to go hunt wild pigs with less that a 10 round clip.

Ok, what is wrong with this picture, the libs are all for killing unborn children who can't protect themselves, and they don't want 'living' people to have the right to protect themselves.  You figure it out from here.   It's beyond stupid if you ask me.

gun control is not about your safety,it's about absolute consolidation of power into the hands of a few.this is how that goal is achieved...create a problem,manufacture shootings inorder to create public outcry for gun control...react to the problem implement disarmament to remove all means of self defense.------------it's easier to fool people than convince them they are being fooled,mark twain

Liberals = leaches, incompetent, babys, entitled, reactive, annoying, losers, stupid.... that was fun!

You people know what to do in 2014.Many of the commenters are being much too generous in assuming the gun control proponents are simply ignorant and stupid.  They know exactly what they're doing.  They know and don't care about the Constitution.  It's about control and power lust.  Tyrannies throughout history have always disarmed the people before exercising control.If you care about the lives and Liberty of you, your children and grandchildren, it is imperative to draw the line here.  No more violations of our natural rights.  The right to self-defense is derived from the most fundamental right, the right to life.

Here's a Big F U from all the Patriots of America to Colorado Lawmakers......Last time I ever take a vacation to little Germany!

Even the black president doesn't care about poor blacks. He used the examples of black children killed in Chicago. Killled by criminals already banned from having the illegal handguns they use. Then he pushes a ban on so-called assault rifles (assault weapons). Rifles owned by law abiding Americans. Rifles, including assault rifles, are used in less than 3% of murders. Not even the black president is willing to do anything about dead black children.

Constitutional infringement, plain and simple. Oh, the looney left judges may permit it, but anyone who reads and applies the Constitution as its meaning has been unmistakably shown shall strike down the mockery of freedom.

Much like the laws that make drugs illegal, and the laws on illegal immigration, these new laws will only affect the law abiding citizen, and will most likely make criminals out of some of those normally law abiding folks."When guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns." This is more true in the states with the strictest of gun laws. Oddly enough, these same states seem to have the highest murder rates. Wonder why that is?

I agree with citizens' rights to keep and bear arms. Those "arms" being the armaments, the guns and knives, of the common soldier and sailors of the present day during times of war; and those of the County Sheriff in times of peace.

It will do NOTHING to stop someone who wants to commit murder. Murder is against the law with stiff penalties and it continues because of THE PERSON wants to commit the crime.

Another state not to move to!

Thank God we don't have to follow any law which is unconstitutional...

Dear Colorado,Keep it up! You are making my job alot easier.Sincerely,Mr. CriminalPS: Thanks for the weed, I stole a stash from a 7/11 before I robbed itI cant wait to see magpuls new building.  My best wishes go out to their employees.  Colorado is about to lose  lots of revenue.  Good luck to you all

A waste of time. They should have pass legislation to help create new jobs.

I doubt it will achieve the desired results. In my state legislation has been introduced to do away with CCP. I say that is a good thing.

Colorado is stuck on stupid.

Come on Colorado !! Dont let the California crazies ruin your great state.Stand up to these guys.These are your rights that they are dissolving away right in front of your eyes ! Are you going to take this laying down ??Remember," Hell No We Wont Go " ? Do it again,Today

Colorado Sheriffs probably "will not enforce magazine bill .Too difficult to prove!Thanks to Magpul for selling to Colorado Residents 30 round magazines pronto.

well,at least we are finding out who the enemy is.the list keeps growin

The Bolsheviks Won!..............Is it time to Surrender?.........Ouch!

If there are sleeping giants in America you better wake up before its to late. Obama and his band of communists, marxists, and socialists are taking this country to hell, if you love your country time to wake up to just what Obama is and plans to do to you and your family.

Donald, like all of the O/Dem/Libs consider the Constitution an impediment to "progress".  What part of "shall not be infringed" and/or "congress shall make no law" don't they get?  idiOts!I think our rights are being violated again over people that know nothing about guns period. Maybe a class action law suit might help against violators of our rights.

Just another Democrat fool.  Waste  of time.

Fort Hood Shooter- Registered Democrat and MuslimColumbine Shooters- Too young to vote, both from families that were Registered DemocratsVirginia Tech Shooter- Registered DemocratColorado Theater Shooter- Registered Democrat, Obama campaign staff workerConnecticut Shooter- Registered DemocratThe common thread is they are all Progressive Liberal Democrats. Make it illegal for Democrats to buy guns. Problem Solved

Funny. The Sheriff's in Colorado said they won't enforce any of the new gun laws. Therefore your laws are powerless.

I'm clinging to my sickle too !

Sign all the knee jerk feel good legislation you want. It won't change a thing, it will affect nobody, I will NEVER comply and most in law enforcement will not enfore these stupid laws.

Some people keep electing these idiots.  Good for them, now live with it.How do these idiots get elected is amazing to me.   I don't worry about them, I wonder about all the people that elect these bums.   By the time Obummer leaves office, we won't recognize this country.

He will sign it on Wednesday, but better start looking for a place to retire on Thursday.

The right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed!  What part of that dont you liberals understand?

How about instant background check via voter registration cards? Oh wait that wont work, Liberals wont be able to get illegals to vote...When 2 criminals break into your home, each carrying a black market assault rifle with 30 round clip in the weapon and 3 loaded 30 round clips in each of their belts, how will you defend your home and property when you are overpowered 4x1 before the two of them chamber their 2d loaded clip of ammo? Bang! You're dead thanks to the senseless knee jerk reaction of far too many liberal Democrats in federal, state, county and local government. As numerous people have said: We have a mental health people problem, not a gun control problem. Every piece of gun control legislation signed into law or currently being considered does nothing more than enhance the safety and survivability of criminals. It's law abiding citizens who are now at 4 times as great a risk of assault with a deadly weapon with the passage of such ridiculous gun control laws. Does anyone in the Colorado state government have any common sense?

It is all about getting the fee for the background check and controlling the people. They don't care how many people are killed or they would stop abortion used as birth control.

This is what happens when too many Californians move to Colorado.

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. — That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, — That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.

Another billionaire with 24/7 heavily armed security trying to disarm the 99%.

Have fun colorado..Magpul is going to leave now. Have fun with less taxes, more unemployment, less revenue period,.....You deserve it. liberal unconstitutional and another NY or Cali state....thought we had enough but I guess not...

Hey did u all see the the news yesterday where all those "Law Abiding Citizens" shot each other....oh wait that doesnt happen

People's Republic of Boulder strikes again!..... morons should move to Oregon....

Presto... no one will ever use a gun to commit another crime in Colorado!  Thanks you useless piece of garbage.

But what about the thugs that do not obey the laws? This will only apply to law abiding citizens.The media willfully ignores the many thousands of times each year that guns are used in self defense.

Guns are not the problem, it is idiots that are the problem. Require a pyscological background check, or perhaps ask if they are on Rx for mental disorders - #$%$ people

What an idiot!  Criminals don't pay for background checks.

We elected these officials to protect the Constitution, not work around it. It's totally disgraceful. Let's not wait until all our rights are taken away as they accelerate to an oligarchy.

He should be prosecuted for violating the Second Amendment.

John Hickenlooper, ever hear of netflix? It's these people that keep telling people they know whats good for them even when they don't want it. FYI they are going under.

U guys are Trolls.

Now here's another idiot that feels he has the right to violate the 2nd amendment rights of all honest, and legal gun owners. What's the matter Mr. Hickenlooper you chicken S,H,I.T, tyrant, afraid to put your gun control ideas on the ballet, and let the voters have a say in the matter??"The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government."-- Thomas Jefferson

The Governor needs to start planning for his next job when this term runs out.  He did the right thing, in his own eyes, but the wrong thing in most Colorado resident's view.  It's nice when a man stands up for his principles, but there may be unintented consequences.

Maybe the states around Colorado should not sell out of state hunting lics to Colorado residents, because the State of Colorado says their people can't be trusted with firearms.Colorado's dear beloved Gov  Hickenpooper is eating all the pickeled eggs and boiled cabbage he possibly can so he can really really  enjoy pooping all over the law abiding citizens of his state

It seems so odd all of the guns and ammo are disappearing  off of the shelves.  Could Homeland security be purchasing the guns and ammo to disarm the citizens?  Why would they want to do that?

Colorado if you don't vote them out you deserve the imposed socialism your are headed for.

Wrong method of solving the problem.

I am ashamed of what my state has become.  Colorado is no longer the becon of conservatism that attracted me to in during the 1970's.  Instead it has become a refuge for California and East Coast liberals who like nothing more than to take away the constitutional rights of law abiding citizens.  It is time to take back our state and if it does not happen it is lost to a bunch of entitlement addicts who want to rule just like the president and not govern as they should.

The intention of the founding fathers was that the citizens be armed with whatever arms necessary to secure a free state.  To have the government determine the kinds of arms citizens can have is to defeat the purpose of the 2nd Amendment and will result in government tyranny.

Boycott Colorado,  and Colorado ag products

And you have a sheriff that already says he won't back the laws. How's that going to work out for the people of Colorado if law enforcement doesn't think the laws include them?

from my cold dead hands

This is not just about Guns, It is about American Rights and Freedom.That is why it is a matter of principle, I do not want these politicians to dissect and divide my rights. Where will it end?So, what with these new laws, if I stop in Kansas, buy an AR-15 with a duffel-bag of 120-round drum magazines, what or who's to stop me from bringing it to Colorado ?  Seriously, I was just wondering if anybody thought these laws would make them "feel" safer ????

I hope Colorado residents wise up and make him and his constituents unemployed in their next elections.

Where are the laws to protect us from the crazeys? As usual the politicians go for the headlines, and don't do anything to protect us from the nut cases who can still buy guns.

Dear Colorado firearms and ammuntion companies, you will be more than welcome in the free and conservative state of Oklahoma!!!

The gangbangers and other criminals are throwing a celebration.

America the "Republic" for which it stands? I don't think so with idiots like this making laws. It's the "laws" that are diminishing our constitution. The "laws" are also making us police states that will separate us from the "United States" . Can't people see this coming? Americana idiots.

I am remined right now that we live in a violent culture.  I can't tell you how much that upsets me.

The communist Huffington post is one communist partner of Obama's, ABC, another, MSNBC, another on and on, put together by the progressive machine to take you down. Stop snoring America.

And so it begins. And it accomplishes nothing but, to hurt law abiding citizens.....and make criminals better armed than their future victims.

Time for a total recall of all those who voted for these traitorous bills. Colorado residents rise up!!"Another pending measure could bar gun purchases by domestic violence offenders, although Hickenlooper had previously said he was undecided about that measure until he sees the final wording."Wow, thats the only measure that makes any kind of sense at all to enact yet he's undecided about that one?  More uneducated idiots making decisions about an issue they know nothing of.

Really glad I moved out of that screwed up state several years ago.

This is what happens when the LIBS from CA move into your state.  This Govenor should be impeached!

He is committing political suicide by signing.Hope he has another career in mind.

The Rocky Mountain high was warped the brains of CO leftists. Watch them start losing their jobs next election.

The citizens of Colorado should make the idiots that put this bill into law pay @ the next election. If 75% of them lose the issue will be closed.

You sad sacks that have given up let their be mercy on your soul...this isnt about guns...its about control....we were given free will....once you give that up u give up ur life.....

Colorado is filled with Californians who moved away to get away from other Californians, but brought the same old garbage with them.I know - they came to our State also.A scourge on America.

Colorado used to only have one place that was insane. It was called Boulder or the Peoples Republic of Boulder.  Now some how they managed to spread to the State house.This is only the beginning of the end for Colorado's glory days.

Nooo! Colorado don't get too liberal on me! Im movin there this summer. Im coming from California, so Im sure I wont see anything Im not used to... Im trying to leave the crazy behind tho!Come on down to my house to get my guns and ammo! I will show anyone the end of the barrel and remind them that NOBODY takes away my constitutional rights!

"Manufacturers of guns, gun accessories and ammunition have put their financial health on the line by refusing to sell to State and local governments that pass restrictions on gun ownership by individuals. That list is at 136 and growing."Is Government Readying For A Shooting War Against Gun Owners?personalliberty web siteMarch 18, 2013

It's OK. 3d printers are here. You can just print any firearm you want. The age of gun control is over. These politicians and their policies are just the last gasps of a bygone era attempting to survive for a few more years before liberty in manufacturing makes them obsolete.

To bad.I have been to Colorado numerous times for vacation and work and even lived there for awhile in the early 90's. I had been looking for work in Colorado so I could move back but not now. No Anti Gun state will get another dollar of my vacation money, home purchase money or tax money.I will do my best not to buy anything from an anti gun state.All gun and hunting related companies need to move out of states that are in principal against them.

All these feel good liberals have accomplished nothing to prevent the shootings from happening again.  Making laws just to make laws is what liberals like to do.

I guess all these idiots that voted for this never watched the video that the Boone Country sheriff did.  He proved that it was 1 or 2 seconds longer for someone to reload and shoot 30 rounds from 2 15 round , 3 10 round or 1 30 round mag.  He always debunked the myth about the reload time giving someone time to tackle the shooter.

22 international drug regulatory warnings cite psychiatric drugs causing violent reactions including mania, psychosis, hostility, violence and homicide.In an effort to summarize attempts by law enforcement to identify the reason(s) behind  James Holmes killing 12 innocent people and injuring 58 others in an Aurora, Colo., movie theatre, one writer reports that  ”the search for an explanation has been elusive.”   Maybe.  But one could argue that the answers for such random, senseless violence isn’t  so much “elusive,”  as they are ignored and actually may lie in data that currently are in the hands of law enforcement.Given the ever-increasing list of “shooters,” (Aurora, Virginia Tech, Columbine, etc.,) law enforcement has its hands full not only trying to keep the peace, but also attempting to determine the cause of the random violent behavior that plagues the nation’s cities.  Because firearms are used in the execution of these violent acts, immediately attention is directed, or deflected, at instituting tougher gun control laws.Conversely, the spotlight is rarely, if ever, directed at the very documentable fact that America is being “medicated” – having their brains chemically altered – at increasingly alarming rates.  Recent analysis of pharmacy claims data by Medco Health Solutions, Inc., reveals that one in five American adults take at least one psychiatric drug and that the use of psychiatric drugs among adults grew 22 percent from 2001 and 2010. The data further revealed that 10 percent of men and a whopping 21 percent of adult women used antidepressants, adding $11.6 billion to pharmaceutical coffers.

Sweet that means magpul will be coming to Oklahoma and bringing more jobs for us. Thank you Colorado liberals we can use all the work we can get :).

Why aren't gung ho politicians thinking about the defenseless victims they're creating?Why is taking away our rights more important that going after gang bangers?

One more state to cross off my bucket list. NY, CA, CO, CON, and IL. I will not buy anything from those states, I will not visit them. I will not buy any product made in any of those states. And finally, I will not lift a pinkie if any of them suffer any kind of disaster and need help.It's too bad the Coloradans embraced the Californians with wads of cash and welcomed them with open arms in the earl 2000's.Sure hope the good people of Colorado enjoy their serfdom!

Change Dot Org has a petition to recall him. Please do your duty and sign it and spread it like wildfire.

This is what you get when the #$%$ from the failed state of California infest Colorado like a plague of loathsome Gypsy Moths. The policies that these vermin support suck more and more of everyone's money and take away well-established freedoms. The Progressive vermin have defoliated the once thriving figurative forests of Cali and have now moved on to Colorado to reduce it to a vast expanse of deadwood.

TIME TO VOTE

This was a bad call Hickenlooper.. You just hurt your state economically and usurped power that you do not have. Time for some common sense and restore the rights to the American People.

There are alot of ways to fight for freedom. If you dont like the Government, stop paying taxes.

Why in the world would your own government in any state want to reduce a law-abiding citizens firepower which only secures the area and suppresses real criminals AND at the same time with the stroke of a pen make potential criminals out of law abiding citizens who have that firepower and who have been paying taxes which pay the salaries of the public servant?  Do you see the serious problem here?

He going to use a magic wand to sign this bill and arrive for the signing on a unicorn towing a rainbow ( all well in the simple mind of a liberal )

Congratulations Colorado on taking your first step down the path towards Socialism. If you want to pass a law that will do your state some REAL good, make it illeagal for anyome who is or ever has been a resident of California to move to Colorado...

Re call the governer.What a joke tape two 15s together wow!

You folks in CO are bunch of sissies. Try passing laws like that in TN and see what happens.

Liberals now claim to be the "freedom and liberty" party. (By making government bigger! ) Only true in the sense that they want the liberty to condone harmful to society lifestyles, and make abhorrent things societal norms. Free from judgement.A society that doesn't use good judgement, doesn't stand long.We want true freedom and liberty, restrained by common virtue and morality. The Golden Rule. Nothing that could harm or annoy your neighbor, or harm our civil society, should we do.

I wonder where Magpul will move to?

People work on the same principles as any other organism. If the bacteria in your bodies goes unchecked, you get an infection. If the criminal element goes unchecked, society gets an infection.My weapon is my anti-biotic against societies criminal element.Don't forget, the police show up AFTER the fact more often than not. In the end you only have yourself to count on in any situation. When the tools that would equalize you with others such as a weapon, are taken then you are no longer on equal footing as those who choose to break the law.

Looks like colorado will be short on guns and ammo. They were warned.

Conservatives get out and vote next year!

The magazine ban will also ban pump shotguns and semi-auto shotguns as well as 99% of handguns that take a magazine.  This guy is more liberal that Bloomberg

colorado grow soom balls and put this man on recall  put him out of office and the dumb #$%$ will stop

Why .........did they feel the need to make sure the details of Aurora and Newtown were brought up once again, making celebrities out of these deranged individuals they need to just stop bringing these shootings up or the Next whacko is going to hear it and be inspired to one up those two. Colorado legislators are flippin idiots. Restricting guns to law abiding people is is just going to make the next one that much easier!!!! #$%$ idiots everyone of them.I say all politicians should serve in the military before stepping in to office instead of them being draft dodgers as they are. Maybe that way they will think twice before starting a war. This is a veteran talking.

Absolutely foolish.  colorado is so full of liberals that have no understanding of why these freaks kill people.  It has nothing to do with a gun.  stop making excuses for your kids failures, stop giving them everything they want, stop letting them play violent video games where they shoot and kill people, and stop watching the mass of hollywood movies about mass killings - die hard series, taken series, dirty harry series, billy the kid series, terminator, predator, rambo series, bourne identity series, and the list of these liberal hypocrit hollowood fools goes on and on.   heck if you don't like guns, move to new york - but you also won't be able to buy a large soft drink.    Dang people, is it that hard to see?   The South's gonna do it again.

lets ban cars knives chopsticks planes dogs and liberals

A Gun Magazine (clip) manufacture in Colorado who is employing all these liberals will move out of STATE. Job loses! yes.....How could it be any better. couldn't have to nicer people. Hope the company moves to Texas. Like in CA. I am waiting for the last tax payer to leave the once great STATE of CA.

criminals are criminals there not going to abide by a "law" ( one that is completely going against our second amendment right. they are just screwing and hurting law abiding citizens.) I love the state I live in Cheyenne WY very close to Colorado thank God. they aren't screwing their citizens.  its my right to be able to protect my self my property And my loved ones from criminals and our tyrannical government. Barack Obama Hussein needs to be impeached!!!!!

I bet the local meth dealer is really worried about these new laws in Colorado...

the liberal infestation is increasing in Colorado - just like the cockroaches in florida.  Time to look for another place to live - and Texas is looking mighty fine.

THANK GOD I LIVE IN TEXAS!!!!!

Wow!      Colorado will be just as safe as Chicago!!

Let's see...smoke legal weed, and give away your right to legally own certain guns, Colorado. We will see how this works out for you. I will bet...uh.... NOT TOO GOOD."Laws that forbid the carrying of arms. . . disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes. . . Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man." -- Jefferson's "Commonplace Book," 1774-1776, quoting from On Crimes and Punishment, by criminologist Cesare Beccaria, 1764

What was the final straw that ultimately led to the American Revolution? The British trying to confiscate guns from the colonists. History repeats itself for those who do not take note of it.

OK..., yer now California Lite!!!!

Punish the criminals, impeach hussein obama,and send the muslim brotherhood back to Kenya with hussein. America's troubles would be over if this was to happen.

why are these shootings happening in Colorado? Maybe it's the leadership in that state since you obviously don't think it's crazy people that should have been dealt with years ago

Since you can't have guns any more, try Wasp Spray. Hit them above the waist and they will hit the ground; then you take a baseball bat and beat their brains out. After that throw them in the back of the pickup and haul them out to a local dump and drive off.  #$%$)  LOL

Hickenstuper you are an #$%$. If you demand background checks to insure that I am worthy of my second amendment RIGHTS then you can damn well pay for it. Have you forgotten your oath of office already? You know, the one where you swear to serve the people of the state, not usurp their constitutional rights.

what a bass  tard

how #$%$%ing stupid can you get if i was in colorado i would do my best to make sure none of those dum #$%$ politicans got re elected what do they think a crimmanal is  gonna care what's against the law they are a prime example of carreer politicans they can't think beyond their reach IDIOTS

This issue all comes down to trust, well if they can't trust us with our guns, then we don't trust these donkeys to govern!well it's official,  Colorado Sucks,  from your next door neighbor to the East

I wont be doing any more Elk Hunts in Colorado they just lost Thousand of $$$$ from me and my friends spent on Colorado Hunts from Gas, Food, Hunting Tags, Etc. Sorry to all the Mom and Pop stores I bought from.

It's the Libtardification of America. Punish the hard working to reward the lazy. Now they must reward the criminals by punishing the law abiding.

Those in favor of more gun control laws , considering the existing laws havedone nothing to stop any mass murders, please explain how a million newlaws short of  a total  gun ban and total gun confiscation, which is what youreally want , will have any effect on the existing situation!

Mexico has very strict laws against private firearms ownership, how is that working for them? The Constituation forbids confiscation of private property without just compensation, do we just through out the constituation? What's next, burn the Reichstag?

Weed is in. Guns are out.  Go figure

Yet no more money for mental health? Governor and state legislature are part of Obama s nwo.

Just remember to vote next election! I'm just going to vote independent party because the other two are too phoked up and out of touch with anything these days!!!

Who cares crazies will act crazy

850 employes will be out of work when signed.....A gun mag company will move to N. Plano TX ASAP...It's hard to believe Coors comes out of this cesspool.

It's amazing these are grown men and women..z

I love guns but here is to all the gun owners that voted for these POS democrates, HAHA

Hey Colorado politicians? You know this has nothing to do with criminals don’t you? It’s all about control and stripping Americans of their rights  It has to do with another co___*ck su__***cking of the Zionist d_***ick!!!  Great job proving your all spineless suck-pups with wet lips and ball chaffed chins!!!  Here is a little something for all of you traitors:•	....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`•¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.•´............\..............(..............\.............\...

Supreme Court will shut you hacks down anyway....

Some of what he swallows must effect his brain cells

How can we get criminals to use democrats to kill people so we can ban democrats. If we freeze them and make clubs out of their arms and legs maybe we can have them banned as assault weapons and make it illegal to be a democrat

I'm glad I don't live there. I think the Govenor is just a pawn.

One more thing the guns that were used at columbine were paid for by law obeying citizens for them to use ! Where is the bill that stops illegal guns or one that stops anyone from just braking in and taking them hmm .

Now let's see if Magpul has balls or not! Time to put up or shut up!What do you expect from a richard-noggin leader! He'll sell you dope all day long,  but he's worried whether you have 15 or 30 bullets.

Typical liberals - Colorado will pass gun control laws but won't even bring up Jessica's Law, to protect children from dangerous sexual predators, for a vote.  This country is lost.

As far back as 1991, CCHR, along with numerous experts brought evidence before the US FDA that antidepressants were causing suicide and violence. The heavily Pharma-funded FDA panel ignored the evidence provided, and it would take 14 years, and a great deal of public pressure,  for the FDA to finally issue it’s strongest warning, the black box, on antidepressants inducing suicidal ideation.   21 years later, the FDA has yet to issue a black box warning on antidepressants and other classes of psychiatric drugs documented by international regulatory agencies and studies to cause violence.  This is not in the public’s interest, who deserve to be warned, it’s in Big Phama’s interest,  upon whose funding the FDA heavily relies on.

The locusts that finished off California moved on to Colorado. Now we start to see the damages. Where will they head next?

This is a perfict example of what happens when good people do nothing as in getting off your #$%$ and get out and vote these socialist minded fools out of office, if not this cancer will consume America and all our rights will be gone!

ol' "Hickeysucker" makes Colorado look like a bunch of tit-fed babies

Makes me sick that these poli-crooks just don't get it!!  They will ALL have blood on their hands when some more nuts go off doing the same horrible #$%$. Address the root causes of these terrible crimes.  These anti-gun laws are NOT going to do a damn thing to stop it from happening again. And btw, Colorado will never see a penny of my money again at vacation time!!

Well we know which party will not win the next election, thanks Demos!!

well you colorado people need to throw some of these guy out of office.....what they have done is to ignore the constitution and stuck it in your face .....I spent money in your state last year and spent a enjoyable week there...This year will be different I will take a different route and not step one foot in your state....I hope those who believe in rule of law to do the same....

Columbine shooters were too young to buy their guns.  They bought the guns in an ILLEGAL private purchase.  The universal background check would make no difference.  But then saving lives ins't the purpose is it.  It is all about rich liberals and their hatred of average gun owners.George Osborne announced that the 3,500 British military personnel stationed on Cyprus will be compensated if the European Central Bank puts it's thieving fingers in their savings accounts, but the 60,000 ex-pats living, working and retired there will not.When asked why they would not be compensated he replied "the British tax payer can only afford to compensate people with access to, and the knowledge of how to use, guns..."(Americans take note)The EU is morally bankrupt.

Well Colorado, I guess it's time to ban to Big Gulp too...  I assume New York is your government model.

The NEW definition of INSANITY:  Passing more laws to stop the criminals who didn't follow the existing laws in the first place.

And not one single part of that will help. That is if your aim is to stop nuts from killing masses of people. Now if it is to disarm law abiding citizens then it is a good start.

I think they should take the larger capacity clips away from the government employees (policemen) to make it more fair to the citizens.  Seems unconstitutional to let the ploice have the upper hand over citizens as this could assist a government takeover.

You F*^*%  UPS in the Denver Metro areas have ruined this state, Liberal IDIOTS strike again!

Well I guess the Denver polititions don't believe in the constitution. I'm getting ready for the next revolution just like our government. All travelers should by-pass colorado.

Hey governor you got a real problem on your hands if you got sheriff's that won't enforce your #$%$.  Go hug a tree liberal piece of #$%$.

I'm glad they overturned the constitution.It's now time they overturn that thing about prayer in schools!

I guys are Trolls.Criminals commit crimes that is what theydo. It's their job. Passing more laws won'tstop them from breaking laws.  Poor dumbb☭st☭rds in congress can't get this concept.

If you've lost a loved one following twelve .228s slicing through his neck, face and forehead you can put any defense of no gun laws here.

MAGPUL - Pack it up!!!

He should be impeached !!!!!

I hate to see anyone lose their job. But I hope Magpul leaves Colorado and really hurts the states Economy big time. They deserve it for being Idiots.

Well the Democrats just lost Colorado in 2014

hm.. so when is the governor going to be put up for treason?

Democraps way of thinking, defend yourself or your family illegal,  Kill a baby and get state funding and a gift certificate to disney.

people from kalifornia ruined their state and are moving to other.  They have now ruined colorado.  Don't let the kaliforians into your state, drive them out!

Political suicide,watch and see.Colorado is off my list of places to visit or retire to.

A background check would not have stopped one,nor any other laws,THERE ARE ALREADY LAWS AGAINST MURDER !!!!!!!!!

people of Colorado you voted this guy in you got what you drserved!!!! any that can should pack up and leave Colorado turn the state into a ghost town

These liberals don't want guns in public hands, its interfering with their long term agenda of converting to communism.

Well, I'd say it's time for freedom loving individuals to leave that communist pig state.  Why don't the communist pig governor enact a poll tax too while he's at it.Hell, he might as well stand on the capital steps and burn the US Constitution.

Solves nothing.

Magpul Inc. is more than welcome to move to Oklahoma. I guess if they make the magazines in Colorado they would be breaking the law? Come on down boys and girls!

In case the residents of Colorado are wondering. I will never visit again until this dumb law is overturned

This doesnt make sense. The guns are already out there. Its already beyond control on who owns a weapon. Right or wrong. This background check seems to me like this is all about finding who has guns. If you have to regester when you buy ammo thats another clue to what you have. The government wants to know if they have the power to take control. This is a test.

MAGPUL is still in that state...why? I am not renewing my out of state hunting license that was well overpriced. Saves me money and allows me to spend that money in Arizona.Finally, sensible legislation to "unlimited" rights with a gun.  Conservative Supreme Court Antonin Scalia, ruled in the majority ruling on the 2nd Amendment that, "Like other rights, the 2nd Amendment is not unlimited..."  Read the entire ruling, it might surprise you.

Colorado you need to vote him OUT!

to my brothers and sister vets we have served in countrys all over the world in the name of freedom.now our verry own is in danger from a government that would openly state that we are somehow defective and should not be armed except at there descretion and there need.this is the highest dishonor they could show.now our verry own constitution is being challenged our people our freedom our verry way of life.please give support to those who would fight to save it.rather it be any political org.that is trying to fight these anti constitutional traiders.sorry for the spelling but feeling really betrayed and typing to fast.i swear to defend the constitution against all enemys f or dim just keeps going through my mind those who were brave and selfless enough to take it know what im talking about.and those who havent should be thinkfull to those who have.god bless all and i wish everyone love and peace.and remember punishing the law abideing only creates more victims and serves no useful perpose.take care

I will go to other states to do my hunting and will try my best to not buy anything form Colorado when I have other choices.  I cannot vote in their elections, but I can refuse to help them economically.

I'm thinking about starting a gun owners union.  After all, the Left loves unions.  Maybe then they'll actually recognize our rights and leave the 2nd Amendment alone.

...and millions of dollars will be leaving the state.

Meaningless laws since law enforcement in Colorado will not enforce them........The US constitution CANNOT be violated by any elected official, including the president.......I can see the law suits coming.

I'd be curious to know just how much obamalooper has spent to ratchet up his own gun laden security lately. And how does an elected official get away with using tax payer $ for carrying out the agenda of private groups he belongs to?

even if the governor signs it its still has to go to the senate,,it wont pass there...

This Governor is a total #$#@ing MORON!!!the shame about all this is that they're doing this just for the political correctness of it, it will not save one life, it takes away the rights of gun owners, politicians live in a world of there own, there fore fathers are rolling in there graves.

What is the big attraction to guns anyway? If you hunt for food I get it, if you feel safer in your horrible neighborhood, why not move? I put my faith in God.

At least Colorado is focused on the pressing needs of the people, jobs and the economy.Not like these other states that try to distract you with gay marriage and immigration, as though that is the real pressing needs.Watch Colorado prosper now!

Funny how all the mass shootings have all been done by registered Democrats. Don't believe me? Look it up.

It's sad that the government really thinks this will stop the violence.  It will only make the gangs richer as they sale firearms.

Boycot Colorado

A Colorado sheriff says he won't enforce two aggressive gun-control measures waiting to be signed into law by Gov. John Hickenlooper. Weld County Sheriff John Cooke told The Greeley Tribune that Democratic lawmakers are scrambling after recent mass shootings, and the bills are "feel-good, knee-jerk reactions that are unenforceable."

Hopefully, someone shoots Hickenlooper in the head with a single shot, bolt action rifle that was purchased illegally from Eric Holder. Maybe then he'll get the point.

Most important issue us universal background checks.   But the problem is as long as a person can go to another state and purchase their weapons, well the law in those circumstances has no teeth...But Nice to see they did this.   And if you want civil war because of this, well you might just get it...  But don't pledge allegiance to the flag of the United states of America because you will be a traitor...

Looking forward to all the gun co's moving to Florida !Its no longer safe to live in Colorado.  These gun laws are like free criminal advertising.  Why don't they put the gun laws to a popular vote.  Enjoy your new increased unemployment as the gun manufacturers pull out which by the way is how crime will increase.

As you read these stories, I caution you to maintain your sensitivity to these acts of treason by government officials. The media saturates us with stories like this so much that we become desensitized to the criminal acts against our constitution, eventually slipping into complacency and acceptance.As the old story teaches us, "Throw a frog into a boiling pot of water and he'll do everything he can to get out. Throw him into luke-warm water, and you can turn up the heat slowy and cook him without a struggle".For those of you who haven't noticed, the heat is being turned up....

why control guns? they are scared of  AMerican will stand together.

Colorado, you have the right to recall him.

Obama's new approval rating is at a new low at 23 %....not the 50 % like they first indicated! It will probably get even lower before he is through at the White House!

What is this Governors real agenda? Bet he will never state it publically!

The profit from everything in America makes people delve into the business, no matter what it is.

DemonKraps: Puppets of the powerful criminal, terrorist and tyrant empowerment lobby.

Colorado is another good place to be from. It was a place I would have enjoyed visiting, but the trip would be wasted now.

The bottom line is that gun control has majority support.  If you are against it you are the minority on this case.  Read all the recent polls on this subject...........AND AFTER THE NEXT ELECTION HE WILL BE FORMER GOVERNOR...............

They are seditious.

What a joke. The overall dimensions of the magazines have to remain the same to fit into the weapon. With a small electric drill, a dremel hobby tool and a file, you can convert any of the plastic polymer magazines to high capacity in about twenty minutes. Two or more metallic carbine magazines can combined into a long high-capacity one with a hacksaw and mig welder and attaching the springs end to end. Do you think criminals won't do this? This is useless feel-good legislation that does nothing in the real world.

I guess political dissent is no longer allowed on Yahoo comments.  The admins censoring what, 4 out of 6 comments.

If he signs this bill he will NOT be elected to a second term in office..........he's finished in Colorado...

Another $100 to the NRA from me. Every time Yahoo posts Obama propaganda I donate another $100. $1700 this month alone.

What a joke; won't make a difference whatsoever.  Criminals do not respect gun laws and only takes rights away from law abiding citizens.  When will the Left ever learn...

Imagine if the folks who supported the right to freely assemble were this nuts.

This article fails to bring up the many sherriffs in the state who have vowed to uphold the constitution and not enforce any of the laws colorado puts into place

Its a shame a few liberal cities can ruin a whole state.  I always wanted to go to Colorado but with these kind of blind self-fellating pointless laws they wont get any of my money.COLORADO IS THE CENTER POINT OF THE NWO AND THIER BASE OF OPERATIONS THAT MONSTER OF AN AIRPORT THE SIZE OF MANHATTAN and its underground rail system goes all the way to the whitehouse. THE WHOLE POINT OF ALL THIS IS FOR PEOPLE TO FLEE THE AREA THE SHOOTINGS THE "DANGER" all Government controlled so these World leaders have a safe haven when this whole thing comes crashing down and what do you think they will do with all these unarmed Colorado citizens FEMA CAMPS will thier new homes. Even the Queen of England under the crowns DBA has bought miles of property in the airport facility oh and have you seen the runway layout LOL HAIL HITLER is all I gotta say. But my fight is not one to be had here true christians will know what I mean.

The sad part is, that this will happen again, and everyone in CO will be shaking their heads wondering why these laws didn't work.

So how does this address the root cause? Can someone please tell me using logic, not emotion, how this stops someone. The only answer, the ultimate answer is to remove ALL weapons thereby reducing the availability of someone, even a criminal, of getting the weapon. If that is so, then the only recourse would be for the gove to eventually remove weapons from otherwise law abiding citizens or removing ammo from the shelves making the weapons useless.Either will violate the constitution. This means we may be getting ready to reverse or revise the second amendment further.How can this be stopped when the media, the third political party, is interfering and not putting stories about lives Saved by lawful gun owners with there weapons. We know these incidents exist but rarely are they reported.

Little is said about the purchase of 5 billion rounds of ammo by, guess who, HOME LANDSECURITY (Janet N.) over the last few years, along with 200 plus armored vehicles, etc.  Now this year they are purchasing another 1.6 billion rounds of ammo.  Wake up America! What do they need that for, other than to come to my house to confiscate my firearms by stupid laws like they instituted in Colorado.  Wake up, vote them out--while you can still vote.

This Will Most Likely Be This Fools Last Time For Gov. And Any Other Office.

Hey Colorado!  What does your state constitution say?  There may be something in it that you can do to stop the govenor.

Heil Hickenlooper. Ban are  rights in a free country..Sounds just like Hitler did to the Jews

Sweet.

Another Maxist/socialist law passed against the so called 'FREE CITIZENS' of the US of A.  When the government ignores the Constitution or subverses it in any, the new state law should be struck down by the Supreme Court.

Another sad day for this country and especially for Colorado.Put all the people who want gun control in a couple of state with the criminal, and lets see how fast they change. Like the sheriff said in Colorade" I will not enforce the laws".

Hey Magpul, please come to Pennsylvania! Our politicians have invited you, as well as Beretta USA from Maryland and Remington Arms from New York to come to our great gun rights supporting state.

"The Gun in the hand of a mass murderer, is NEVER as LETHAL as the PEN in the hand of the politician."-Larry Davis II

The kids at columbine didn't buy anything at a gun show so why was that even brought up? Just report the news!!!!

The Top 40 Reasons to Support Gun Control…NOT!1. Banning guns works, which is why New York, DC, and Chicago cops need guns.2. Washington DC’s low murder rate of 80.6 per 100,000 is due to strict gun control, and Arlington, VA’s high murder rate of 1.6 per 100,000 is due to the lack of gun control.3. Statistics showing high murder rates justify gun control but statistics showing increasing murder rates after gun control are “just statistics.”4. The Brady Bill and the Assault Weapons Ban, both of which went into effect in 1994, are responsible for the decrease in violent crime rates, which have been declining since 1991.5. We must get rid of guns because a deranged lunatic may go on a shooting spree at any time and anyone who would own a gun out of fear of such a lunatic is paranoid.6. The more helpless you are the safer you are from criminals.7. An intruder will be incapacitated by tear gas or oven spray, but if shot with a .357 Magnum will only get angry and kill you.8. A woman raped and strangled is morally superior to a woman with a smoking gun and a dead rapist at her feet.9. When confronted by violent criminals, you should “put up no defense — give them what they want, or run” (Handgun Control Inc. Chairman Pete Shields, Guns Don’t Die - People Do, 1981, p. 125).10. The New England Journal of Medicine is filled with expert advice about guns; just like Guns and Ammo has some excellent treatises on heart surgery.11. One should consult an automotive engineer for safer seatbelts, a civil engineer for a better bridge, a surgeon for spinal paralysis, a computer programmer for Y2K problems, and Sarah Brady (or Sheena Duncan, Adele Kirsten, Peter Storey, etc.) for firearms expertise.12. The 2nd Amendment, ratified in 1791, refers to the National Guard, which was created by an act of Congress in 1903.13. The National Guard, funded by the federal government, occupying property leased to the federal government, using weapons owned by the federal government, punishing trespassers under federal law, is a state militia.14. These phrases,” right of the people peaceably to assemble,” “right of the people to be secure in their homes,” “enumeration’s herein of certain rights shall not be construed to disparage others retained by the people,” and “The powers not delegated herein are reserved to the states respectively, and to the people,” all refer to individuals, but “the right of the people to keep and bear arms” refers to the state.15. We don’t need guns against an oppressive government, because the Constitution has internal safeguards, but we should ban and seize all guns, thereby violating the 2nd, 4th, and 5th amendments to that Constitution.16. Rifles and handguns aren't necessary to national defense, which is why the army has millions of them.17. Private Citizens shouldn't have handguns, because they serve no military purpose, and private citizens shouldn't have “assault rifles,” because they are military weapons.18. The ready availability of guns today, with waiting periods, background checks, fingerprinting, government forms, et cetera, is responsible for recent school shootings, compared to the lack of school shootings in the 40’s, 50’s and 60’s, which resulted from the availability of guns at hardware stores, surplus stores, gas stations, variety stores, mail order, et cetera.19. The NRA’s (the nation’s largest civil rights organization) attempt to run a “don’t touch” campaign about kids handling guns is propaganda, and the anti-gun lobby’s attempt to run a “don’t touch” campaign is responsible social activity.20. Guns are so complex that special training is necessary to use them properly, and so simple to use that they make murder easy.21. A handgun, with up to 4 controls, is far too complex for the typical adult to learn to use, as opposed to an automobile that only has 20.

The deadliest shootings in US history did not take place in Colorado they took place along time ago in a conflict called the CIVIL WAR

Well another trattor ,[ communist ] anti - american, garbage . Hey Co. when elecction time cmes vote his a-s out, and put a american in"!

SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED! Kick all of these #$%$ out starting with Barry Soetoro!

Bang Bang  NO Bang

When will Democrats ever learn?  They profess to care about civil rights, yet they abhor the Constitution.  They say they are for free speech except when it offends them. They ignore the  Second Amendment.  They need to be run out on a rail.How does this stop criminals from ignoring the new laws?

Mr Governor your fate has been sealed

Support your local sheriff.  Hopefully they will follow sheriff Cooke's example.  You could always ask him to run for gov.

they will go around the constitution if we let them. it is high time we the people stand up and tell them to back off. what they are doing is illegal. this is gonna get real ugly if they keep it up. wouldn't be the first time in history. not anyone in the south gonna hand it over willingly. if they mess with the ammo they may as well have the guns too

All of the anger over these signings were to be expected considering the hot topic.  I am just really disappointed that the 15 round magazine law passed.  That law will not do what the governor thinks it will.  But Magpul will move out of CO with their tax dollars and 200 jobs in tow.  I don't know who is giving him political advice .... the Democratic version of Karl Rove?

This governor does not want to further his political career.

isn't it nice to have a govt that tells You what you can or cannot have, how much, and order you to pay extra for it as they see fit.

Stupid, politically correct posturing. F him.

they can only take, what we give them

Bla bla bla bla, Same old shi_!   Vote the peeps out of office colorado! Write yourselfs a note on who did what in this time!!!!!!   Say good by to jobs and tax money as these peeps have chased a company out of the state! All for a ban that will help NOTHing..................................Hey,I know what! Let`s all get drunk and STUPID and POKE the BEAR! Yuk,Yuk! Let`s see what happens!!!

Just in case the Colorado State lawmakers forgot to do their homework, NOT one of the mass killings was done with a legally obtained and registered gun. While all the law-abiding citizens have their legally bought and registered guns with the 10-round clips, the criminals will have their fully automatic guns with 30-round clips. These new gun control laws wont protect the law-abiding people from criminals, it will protect the criminals from the law-abiding people. If strict gun control worked then why is the murder by guns rate so high in Chicago and New York City, the 2 cities with the strictest gun control laws.

Communists...

Universal Registration leads to Universal Confiscation.Pol Pot, Marx, Stalin, Lenin, Mao, Hitler and most every Statist despot agrees on that point. The Liberal-Progressives are on the wrong side of history but the BIG LIE is seductive.“The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to permit the conquered peoples to have arms. History teaches that all conquerors who have allowed their subject races to carry arms have prepared their own downfall by doing so.”~Adolph Hitler, 1942And The Suckers Never Catch Wise.FORWARD!... over the cliff ...

Courts will THROW it out.

Any historians around?  Do you know what happened when the government outlawed whisky?This will not work either.  Two (or more) ten-round magazines are easy to carry.The democratic stooges (which include Obama) are destroying the USA.  It's probably too late now.

The control freaks have taken hold of you.

can any of you "ban" wagon groupies name any country that has issued ar-15's for combat

There ya go.....democRATS !!!

Criminals and anti-gun people are just about the same caliber!  Losers, Cowards and Thieves!THE WHAT IF GAMERachel Maddow did a segment updating Lanza’s actions at Sandy Hook. Hegained entry by shooting out the glass in the locked entry doors whichalerted several teachers who came around the corner to confront him. Lanzakilled them both. Rachel went on to say the whole incident lasted just over5 mins. She then said 152 rounds were fired, 151 from the AR-15 AND 1self inflicted from a pistol .Rachel then said he used 30 round magazinesso he had to reload 4 times ,if he had been restricted to 10 round magazines hewould have had to reload 14 times. She pointed out that being the case somethingcould have happened in that reloading process that could have slowed himdown allowing more people to escape. Rachel went on to point out that if theassault rifle ban had not been lifted Lanza’s mother would not have been ableto purchase the AR-15 used in the attack. NOW, WHAT IF, Lanza had been metinitially by a well- trained armed security officer, Lanza might have been the onlycasualty at the school and his weapons and magazine sizes would have beenirrelevant or if it had been well known that the school had armed security , hemight have not shown up in the first place. You can play this WHAT IF game forever,but banning weapons and large capacity magazines is not the answer. Lanza wouldhave just used something else , INCREASED SECURITY is the only answer. PERIOD!

the only thing i question is do these stat idjits actually know what their respective voters want or is it all party line #$%$.....it's strange that most city and county representatives are saying that they will uphold the 2nd amendment not what they state idjits are passing.. cudos to goverments at city and county levels because the state and federal levels are all bs...

The bottom line is that gun control has majority support.  If you are against it you are the minority on this case.  Read all the recent polls on this subject.

So what is wrong with registering a gun in a regulated malitia?  Then if it gets lost, someone will return it to you.   But I suppose you would rather threaten a revolution.

The politicians don't care how the laws affect people. The politicians will do what they feel their political party calls for, no matter how silly it is. The politicians, the wealthy and the powerful will still have their armed bodyguards to protect them, but the law abiding citizen will have their guns taken away so they are not able to defend themselves.

If I were a politician who supported this I'd be afraid.....

That's why I cancelled my vacation to Colorado Springs this year. Think I'll go somewhere else a little friendlier...a little more free. There's always Wyoming, I guess.

This is stupid.  I have many friends on staff at the New Life Church where a man tried to commit a massacre.  A private concealed carry holder shot the man and stopped him.  They are glad the person had the gun in church.  I have been told by security at my church to go right ahead and conceal carry.With all this, the brilliant minds in the Dumbacrat party decide to create MORE free fire zones for criminals?!?!  You would think, with all the massacres they've had that they would have more mandatory ownership laws, not the other way around!!

When civil war breaks out all of the librals in Colorado are going to be surounded by lots of rednecks with high capacity magazines.

Let's see how effective this is at stopping mass killings.Sign in smoking drugs one month...then banning guns another month,   Sound right  ?

I notice that none of these gun control idiots mention that there were a number of theaters the are in the Colorado shooting, but only the one did not permit concealed firearms - and that was the one the shooter went out of his way to choose.  The liberals are not creating gun-free zones, they are creating defenseless target zones.

Magpul or any other firearms companies are more than welcome here in Montana.

Other than a few political showboating police chiefs or sheriff's, the average police officer or deputy sheriff supports gun rights for law abiding citizens and tougher laws on those that act out in actual criminal ways. Law enforcement officers are generally conservative. Politicians mainly on the left have a long standing desire to reduce the availability of guns and ammunition and will present as much legislation to do so as they think possible. Every year many bills don't pass muster but they are always trying. Until more people start paying attention and holding these out of touch individuals accountable we will suffer at their hands.

Can you say career ending move?

They're just creating jobs for the criminals. Move along people you're save.

bunch of wacko's making the rules.sheriffs in several county's said they would not enforce the illegal ban. so it starts. AMERICANS better wake up fast...... μολὼν λαβέ.

Its the first step of many for their big plan. Sad sad sad

With a name like Hickenlooper......you know he just has to sign something !

There's nothing like a politician playing off the wrong-headed emotions of a recent tragedy to produce wrong-headed public policy - and on the very day that the long-secreted details of the Sandy Hook shooter finally came to light.That is, a deluded, probably neurotic mother, facilitated her psychotic son's obsession with serial killers, and serial killing in video games, for years before he, failing to legally obtain a gun of his own, took one of his mother's "assault-style" rifles, blew her away, then went to Sandy Hook Elementary in order to, explicitly, outdo other recent serial killers and rack up a kill-score better than any of the video gamers.The cause of this, and other recent mass murders, has everything to do with willing ignorance and blind eyes turned toward people with obvious problems and Hollywood's obsession with violence - in the name of misplaced freedom of speech, privacy and convenience, and nothing to do with the choice of weapons - or the legislation passed in CO and being pushed in CN, CA and the federal government by the deluded DemocratsWorse, why was this all-important background information on Sandy Hook deemed too sensitive for release before now as it is central to understanding the problem.A government only has full control when it disarms it's people.

And he will then dismantle the Broncos to form a pro soccer franchise.

Now Colorado is going to split right down the middle. West goes Red (not on welfare) East goes Blue (All on welfare) good job. Im happy I live in Grand Junction! Colorado is now the USSColorado.

Way to go Gov law abiding citizens getting punished!! Pat yourself on the back

Faulty logic 'USA'

Hey, Colorado, that thing you're crcling is a drain. Those smart enough to see it, move to TX.  We'll welcome you with open "arms".

Webster's Collegiat dectionary, the word infringe,To break or break down;destroy;frustrate;impair;violate!

Typical knee jerk, nanny state reaction. Gotta do something, gotta pass laws........... The sign at the Colorado border should read " Welcome to Northern California".

Folks?  When one man signs something that is anti-Constitution and it is applied as a law that #$%$ on our founders 2nd amendment law of the land and cuts off the wings of our Eagle which represents FREEDOM!!   him and anyone in that state that supports this should be collected up and arrested by massive citizen arrests and hung for treason or shot!!!   It's time for "We the People" to enforce our Bill of Rights!!!!  If we allow this in Colorado, and continue to allow illegal southern aliens they will gain a foot hold that will destroy our FREEDOM and murder our Bald Eagle!!!

And this is a self-proclaimed pro-business governor.  Allready several companies are gearing to move out of state costing our economy over $120 billion in lost revenues and the now the film industry is banning filming and promoting colorado as an outdoor destination putting at risk a huge portion of the $800 billion outdoorsman industry.  Of course these losses will primarly hurt the rural areas that ole hick gives a #$%$ about.  All this hypocrite is concerned about is kissing the big O's as* and trying to advance his political asperations on the back of real citizens.Well the Democrats are starting to shred up the Constitution a little piece at a time. What part of it is their next target? Might it be religious freedom? Or could it be your right to free speech. Only time will tell.

We'll we can stop buying Coor's, that would be a good start!

Legalize pot, ban little plastic objects. The citizens of Colorado are trading away serious things for an increasing abundance of amusements.

ANOTHER WUSS GOV.....MICHIGAN HAS ONE ALSO. the only time that they use their power is to do something that most people against .

Time to mail another cheque into the GOA, NRA, and SAF.

Legalize pot #$%$ on 2nd amendment good priorities

Will never again hunt or fish in this state

"Every bad precedent originated as a justifiable measure"Gaius Sallustius Crispus; 86 BC- 35 BC   Roman PhilosopherAs true today as it was more than 2100 years ago.Seems as though ignorance might be a universal constant.

Don't do it Kieth, you'll live to regret it when your good intentions backfire.   The founding fathers knew better.  The 'real bad guys' manifest themselves when the populace is disarmed.  Millions then die and your prisons will overflow with those who just wanted to defend their wife and kids and hereby subjecting all to rape and abuse. Colorado:  The New Sitting Duck State.

#$%$!Criminals don't obey the laws so they don't care how many guns are banned-just makes their "jobs" easier.

Good by Magpul I will miss you!!!!!!

if all hunters stay a way it would hurt them bad. i used to live in the san luis valley. and out of staters pay a lot to hunt in col

They pass laws we don't want, and they make use pay for the back ground check???!

Probably not a good idea to mix all that weed and guns anyway.

"one and done" hickenlooper

U.S is very difficult to controll guns effientlly because Americans always want to have guns to defend themself.

Oklahoma was bombed by Timothy McVeigh, is their governor going to ban fuel, fertilizer and trucks now?  Is New York going to ban planes because they had the most deaths from terrorists hijacking planes?

So we have pay the government each time we buy a firearm? Isn't our constitutional right to own fire arms? So we are buying our rights? Hmm interesting.  Thats why I did not vote for him!

What do the law makers in Colorado know about sandy hook massacre that know one else knows, the records are sealed,there have been zero official statements made about what type of  weapon and or weapons used.All day long ,pushed in are faces and yet the records are sealed.Twenty kids massacred and not one lawsuit about the new schools protective systems that were put in place ,not one picture of the broken entry doors.Twenty young kids and not one peep out of Adam's psychiatrist or someone from his immediate family interviewed to  help anyone put a thing in perspective and yet the law makers across are country want to change the Constitution to suit some issue that still hasn't any answers.There goes part of our "Constitutional Rights". The lawmakers think they know what's good for the people so we let them do what they want.

Thank you for possibly sending those jobs to us in Texas.  We will welcome them with open arms!  We are more than happy to have the approximate $85 million that Colorado has given up on.

For the leftist out there who don't know what "infringed" means... ( yes I have talked with many who had no clue)... Think "encroached". This language is stronger protection from government than the First Amendments "Congress shall make no law that..."In other words, We the People have long since been infringed upon, NO MORE!

MOLON LABE, Dirt Bags.........

I guess the governor and elected officials will give up their paid for by taxpayer body guards, after all john hickenlooper is guaranteeing all the citizens complete safety they will beimmune from any crime to themselves and their families. That 911 will be quicker thenthe speed of light.   That all the neighborhoods that the police were afraid to go into willbe a bowl of soup.     Gimme a brake.  how did this guy get into elected office.

OK guys, it's time to pay attention to ALL elections and vote the bleeding heart Liberals out of power.  They live in a fairy tale world.  If that offends someone I am glad.  It's called freedom of speech, look it up, you sure were not taught it in school.

...SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED.....

The gangs and illegals will show up at the police station to turn in their high cap mags any minute now. LOL @ the sheer stupidity of Democrats.

Why is it that the OVERWHELMING majority of all murders are committed by Demorat voters, in Demorat strongholds such as DC, Detroit, and let's not forget Chicago. Oh yeah, for Demorats, government is god. And Osama is their Messiah.and lil babies are their sacrament.Solution: ban and confiscate all firearms from every demorat! Problem solved.Except now they will just murder with scissors, knives, baseball bats and hammers, or fertilizer bombs, like they do in the UK after the Brits banned guns.

Good luck enforcing the un-enforceable.Oh the bad criminals won't obey the law!  Since we can't provide a perfect solution, we should just choose anarchy!

Not to fret, the Colorado law enforcement community has already publicly stated they won't enforce these changes. We know they will do a good job at ignoring the law, count the number of Illegals in that State!

What's the reasoning behind the ban on magazines with more than 15 rounds?

he just lost his job.

Look for the Gun Lobby to waste billions in taxpayer dollars fighting for their failing cause.

Hey Colorado.............../´¯/)..........,/¯../........../..../...../´¯/'..'/´¯¯`•¸.../'/../.../..../¨¯\.('(..´..´... ¯~/'..')..\........... .'.../...''...\...... _.•´.....\..........(.......\.........\

If Democrats had total reign, we'd be a Marxist nation by now!

Attention criminals Colorado is now open for buisness!

I feel safer already. Glad I bought 10 limited edition Bideyboy signed shotguns.

Gun manufactures. Move out of state and refuse to sell to dem states that want gun restrictions. Many are jumping on the band waggon. Bushmaster?? Where are you? Get your ball and refuse to sell to the government.All weaponns need to have a title just like a vehicle and they need to be registered, when you sell a weapon then you the buyer needs to register that weapon witht he state.

There will be no Democrates left after the next election.

In other news,  Mr. Harry Reid turned down Feinstein's attempt to bring her ban on 157 different weapons and ammunition clips aboard the Democratic Party’s comprehensive gun bill.  Funny,  I couldn't find the story on Yahoo, probably because it didn't fit with their agenda.

Did I mention I sold all my guns?   Yep everyone of them. Don't have them anymore.  No more guns for me no sir. I've seen the light.  I think the rest of you pro gun folks on here should get rid of your guns too.  And tell everybody about it.

The term "conservative", used to describe a political ideology was first coined in 1830 ... Well after our Founding... By an article in Quarterly Review.What are modern liberals were called Progressives a 100- 150 years ago.You really have to consider the political platform, or ideology expressed, and rate it by leftism or rightism, since liberals, socialist, Marxist, Communist, Progressives (which would be better, more accurately named Regressive) change their names and are masters of deceitful language. All of the above named are leftist, similar ideologies, with differences in implementation, emphasis on different platform agendas. Extreme Socialism or a socialist police state= fascism.

I've said it once and I'll say it again; ban crazy.  That's the problem, not guns, magazine capacity, etc., etc., etc.

Our freedom and rights slowly being taken away by these left wing liberals and we have let it happen, how sad for us.

I mean if you liberal anti 2nd Amendment nutjobs reall hate the Constitution and your Liberties that much, why the #$%$ don't you leave America and move to Venezuela or Cuba?get the #$%$ out and leave...

Did the governor ask the people if they themselves wanted these gun law measures? I think not. They just go behind closed doors and make up and pass these laws at their own discretion!

"They're taking away our guns!!!" - Well not really.  They are requiring you to have a clean criminal record before allowing you to buy one legally, and they are making it illegal to own a 16 shot or larger magazine.  You can still own as many guns as you want as long as you have a clean record.The thin air in Colorado has resulted in a lack of oxygen to the brain of their governor. Wake up people! Each year more children die in the U.S. from bath tub accidents than do from gun violence. But what do Libtards want to do about it, ban bathing? No wonder hippies smell. But seriously, don't let a couple of false-flag operations turn your brains into frozen yogurt!

Another idiot trying to foment another civil war.

Meanwhile in the real world... people are out of work, taxes are nuts, food and gas are expensive along with everything else, debt and spending are out of hand. Wait i know lets ban Big mags, big sodas, big popcorn. Has nothing to do with saftey its for control.

How in the hell did they get all this #$%$ through BOTH state houses TO the Governor to start with?  That's what I don't get.  Did NONE of their legislators ever learn about the Constitution in their entire lives?  Are they even American citizens?

Boycott Coors &amp; anything that comes out of Calorado  !

1600 people are killed EVERY DAY from booze and cars.....not 20 kids! 1600 woman, children and brothers and fathers. What are you going to do about that? Not a GD thing. No there is an underlying agenda going on here.

Every time a Democrat dies the devil licks his chops and angels sing.

A division of Dept of Justice, NIJ, reported that assault weapon bans and magazine size limits are worthless.  Why keep pushing a ban that is a waste of time?  Because it is about liberal hatred of stereotypical NRA members, NOT saving lives.  Google "NIJ select firearm violence prevention memo".

gun and ammunition manufacturers need to refuse sales to the US government, if they won't sell to citizens

Attention Colorado, time to throw your bums out.In 2002, an estimated 17,419 people died in alcohol–related traffic crashes—an average of one every 30 minutes. These deaths constitute 41 percent of the 42,815 total traffic fatalities.BAN BOOZE NOT GUNS.

How did so many idiotic #$%$ lib brainwashed morons just bend over and accepted this radical idea that the Constitution was something to violate and ignore as the law of the land? Where did all these tyranny loving dummies come from? How did this happen?

By the way HickenlooperWELCOME TO THE NEW ERA OF VIOLENCE AND CRIME IN COLORADO.  You ain't seem nuttin' yet.

Sic semper tyrannis

Most Americans don't agree with this and are against it, but oh well they don't care because this is not America anymore.

Hummm....no mental health checks, no violent video game or Hollywood violent movie control?  Wonder why they didn't address driving while texting or baseball bat controls since more people are killed by baseball bats than gun.

Well i hope your happy now Magpull will pull out of Colorado,two hundred people standing in the unemploment lines,but guess what ,now you can feed their familes from marajuna tax money. You people are A%#%oles. You people are getting dumbber by the day.

Its amazing how the fascists are able to convince Americans that taking more of thier rights away will help protect them somehow!Go ahead give these devils complete control over your life!Enjoy your life of bondage and may your kids be hopelessly born into it!

the people should be allowed all guns that are used by the US Goverment The Goverment that works for the people. I stand on the SECONED

But a Constitution of Government once changed from Freedom, can never be restored. Liberty, once lost, is lost forever.John AdamsThis is a boatload of #$%$ and they know it!

I see "nothing"about mandatory sentencing for criminals committing crimes with guns all I see is the second amendment taken away from us one step at a time, ( wake up Zombies! ) while you are still allowed to sleep!

Californicators screwed Colorado up. Glad I life to join the Corps in 1979. Never been back.

They should probably ban gasoline, fertilizer, flamable objects and anything that can be used as an IED too.  While their at it, ban cars so the IEDs can't get transported.  The whackos who have planned these atrocities could have taken a little more time and just completely leveled the entire building.  Timothy McVeighs bomb would have completely decimated a school or theatre.  Then, since psychos can find other killing devices, everything on the planet will soon be banned.  GO LIBTARDS GO!!!!

Gun owners in those "gun suppressed" liberal controlled states needs to fly their state's flag upside down in protest.

I live and was raised here in Colorado and cannot believe what is going on.  Legalizing weed, about to legalize gay marriages and now this gun control.  The state has gone to the liberals.  All the hard working frontiersmen/settlers, ranchers, farmers, minors, etc that made it what great state it used to be would be forlorn to see it now.  I'm ready to cancel my newspaper subscription because everytime I read the headlines I cringe.

IMPEACH YOUR SLIMEBALL GOVERNOR AND THE REST OF THE SLIM THATS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS..................THEY HAVE VIOLATED OUR constitution.........READ:Gun Control is Unconstitutional.......and so-called gun control does not nor never will control the flow of illegal guns on our street's , it won't stop drugs, nut case's, gangs or any criminal from doing the crime. With all the anti-gun people in our country, I assure you none of them live at our level and they factually never will. All of the cities that have the strictest gun control laws also have the highest crime rates, thus it's all #$%$ made up so eventually we will all be servants rather than citizen's , our forefather's knew this thus the 2nd amendment (which was made to insure our GOVERNMENT was not in charge , WE THE PEOPLE ARE !!!

The government wants to ban these items and expects someone to still be making/selling them when they want to buy them.

Democratic Governor John Hickenlooper another TREASONOUS LIBERAL TRAITOR to the UNITED STATES of AMERICA, who took an oath to uphold the CONSTITUTION of THE UNITED STATES of AMERICA, and serve all the people of Colorado, not just the Liberal traitors!!

"making people pay for their own background check".  How much?  This is how the anti liberty crowd will go about restricting gun rights.  Make the backgound check cost $3000 and see how many people buy a gun.  At least the wealthy will have the ability to defend themselves .  Wait! I thought Democraps were for us little folks?Hickenlooper or Shiclegruber what is the difference?

Hopefully Hickenlooper will develop a bad testicular rash this week.   Wishful thinking on my part, no great message.

Not going after Hollywood bcuz they donate to Democrats? Violent video games teach kids to kill the enemy reset,repeat. Life doesn't reset. Violent movies? Actors show teens how to commit realistic mass murders while looking COOL &amp; POWERFUL.  Then same actors seen partying w/ Obama.

1.) Universal background checks will have no affect on reducing  gun crimes because criminals don't buy their weapons legally.2.) Signing bills into law that ban ammunition magazines holding more than 15 rounds will do nothing to reduce the number of mass shootings since mass shootings are carried out by criminals and the mentally ill who don't care about the law and not by the law abiding citizens who will be negatively affected and disavantaged by these laws.3.) Any and all gun control laws which prevent people from buying, owning, carrying, or using certain types of firearms. magazines, etc. are in violation of the 2nd Amendment of our Constitution and are illegal and unenforceable.I wish Gov. Hickenlooper and all the other gun control nuts, would get in touch with reality, use some common sense and stop lying about deadly crimes and about what needs to be done to prevent them.

The Californication of Colorado continues !

After the bills are signed it will be the last time I spend a dime in Colorado. A hunter from Texas

Colorado welcome to Europe. You are no longer an American state.

Wow! That's a real breakthrough for a red state yet! Watch out NRA, it's the beginning of the end. The commies have you in their sights.

Sherrif John Cooke from WELD county in COLORADO will not enforce these senseless laws. He is one of many...

Y'all know these laws don't do jack, right??That nearly all killings are domestic types, as in domestic assault, or suicide, or accidents??These are just feel-good edicts that don't address the root problem...because you cannot address the root problem, which is people can be #$%$ morons.Colorado- it's time to stand up and show these knot heads who is in charge!!!! Too many knee jerk reactions- they put people's public safety in further jeopardy with these idiotic laws!!!!!!

I am a police officer. I was an active duty in the Marines from May 2001 to May 2006, honorably discharged as a Sergeant. I was a weapons instructor in the military. I am a firearms instructor and less lethal instructor as a police officer. I have a BS degree in Criminal Justice and I am half way done with my Masters. The responsibility is in the hands of the operator; whether it is a car, gun or a hammer. Please read the following.Criminals are less likely to commit a crime knowing that people are armed and willing to defend themselves. Here is something to think about if people are truly worried about numbers of people being killed or injured. I served active duty in the United States Marine Corps from May 2001 to May 2006. I am also a full time police officer, and been in security/law enforcement for 15 years 5 of them in the Corps. I have been a part of more vehicle incidences involving serious bodily injury or death than I have been involved with gun incidences involving serious bodily injury or death. So you might be thinking that making cars illegal is absurd. I feel making semi-automatic rifles, shotguns and handguns illegal is absurd. I feel making cars illegal is absurd. The responsibility belongs to the OPERATOR. If you outlaw these types of guns then only outlaws will possess them. Some say there is no need for civilians to have them. I disagree, because I own an AR15 and I have hunted with it. You can hunt with an AR15 as long as you use a magazine that holds no more than 5 rounds. I have shot cans with it. I have shot watermelons with it. Shooting the AR15 is fun. I use it responsibly. I use my AR15 like another person may use a shotgun to shoot at clay targets. What we need to do is enforce the laws that we already have. What Judges, prosecuting attorneys and county attorneys need to do is prosecute to the full extent of the law and stop allowing charges to get pled down. Like the man who killed his grandma with a hammer; then shot at firemen coming to his home to put the fire out after he got out of jail. From what I understand he was initially charged with murder 1 for killing his own grandmother; then it was pled down to manslaughter. By having the charges pled down allowed him to get out of jail instead of staying in.The second Amendment of the Constitution has four parts to it separated by commas:1. A well regulated Militia2. Being necessary to the security of a free State3. The RIGHT of the PEOPLE to keep and bear ARMS4. Shall NOT be infringedAs a whole the second Amendment of the Constitution states “A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.”Mrs. Feinstein brought up the issue of owning a bazooka. The M136 84 MM Anti-Tank Cartridge (AT-4) is a device (not a firearm) that creates an explosion when it hits something much like a grenade does when it goes off. Both Grenades and the AT-4 type weapons are strictly controlled by the military and the ATF. These types of weapons are illegal to own by anyone and are illegal to possess; unless you are working as a Government agent that requires you to have such weapons for example the military, ATF, FBI and so on. There is not any reason why a civilian needs to own an AT-4 or grenades.Semi-automatic weapons are weapons that have a magazine (not a clip for the AR15) fire one bullet each time you pull the trigger. A fully automatic weapon shoots more than one round at a time when the trigger is pulled. At this time in Nebraska you can own a semi-automatic weapon without having a special permit. To own a fully automatic weapon you need a special permit which takes time and money to receive. A person who is responsible who is not a felon or has not been convicted of domestic violence, and has not been convicted of any crime of violence and can pass a background investigation should be able to own a gun. That is the way it is in most states.

With all the drugs, druggies, cartels &amp; dealers that are going to flood the state, they need to do something.

Heh.  How long before there is a big stink because a pro-gun spokesman says something like "These legislators and the governor have painted bulls-eyes on their own backs for the next election cycle!" ?   Violent gun metaphors, and all.   Would it be too violent to say "they're going to get their left-wing candy #$%$ kicked in the next election"?

Today is Monday, I would not sign these into law there Gov on Wed, you had better think it through, you got a few days.  Don't be a common STUMP and a suck-pup for your masters, come on you don't have to do this, be an American hero!   OK?

I dare them to come and try to get mine or to make me register what I currently own. They are legally purchased and I will shoot the first LEO that steps on my property with that intent.,so all law enforcement personnel are publicly and formally warned.Colorado - your state will lose billions this year as we enact a boycott against Colorado, we are urging our members and all people who believe in the constitution of what was America to not visit, hunt, fish, ski or do business with any company of the state of colorado

I do believe they are on a Rocky Mountain High to think this will do any good.  Now I want to see them get all the big magazines from the crooks.  Bet they won't even try.

This makes Colorado look like a bunch of fools.  Tell me how any of those laws will stop urban criminals already banned from having illegal handguns?  It does NOTHING but chip away at honest people.  The good news is all the pot heads and liberals will flock to Colorado.  All the rotten apples in the same place.

FOOLS, FOOLS, DO-GOOD FOOLS. They will never learn, until next election. Out with all the Little Hitlers!

come and try to take my guns .. dare yaColorado , like Oregon, has been Californicated. People are leaving the socialist republic of California because of high tax libs, but they turn the states they go to into the same nightmare.  COLORADO has become CALIFORNIA on steroid.

How many people are going to leave CO now, buisness, owners, etc. And when the fiscal pitfalls start to show up. IT will be too late

Hickenlooper Pooper Scooper

Let me be clear, for you liberals out there in Colorado last year they kill 11,580 babies and there was 78 gun murders.

No more vacations to colorado for my family.

your vice president says use a shotgun,I hate to agree with this fool but a 12 gage with 00 buckshot works better than any rifle

"Another pending measure could bar gun purchases by domestic violence offenders,"Have they never heard of the Lautenberg Amendment?

Well Gov. Stinkinggoober, I will never visit your state while your ban is in effect. I hope the lack of tourism sends your state into bankruptcy for what you've done, you cowardly piece of garbage! Typical response from a libtard worried about his votes and NOT the will of law abiding citizens!

Well that will pretty much end klinkinpoopers time in office

I hope God sends you a crippling disease quicly after you sign  that bill..you unpatriotic #$%$ bag.american constitution back stabberIf our founding fathers who wrote the 2nd amendment to the Constitution thought it important enough to be #2 on the list, why is this leadership in Colorado not of the same mind set and trying to limit something that the founders saw as that important?  Any of our government for that matter. Why is it all of the sudden in 2013 so dam important to LIMIT a law-abiding citizen's firepower, I mean with all the Al-Qaeda running around shouldn't we all be fully loaded with high capicity mags?  Hmmmm  mayber our government is the Al-Qaeda?  No friendly forces in their right minds would want allies limited and suppressed of firepower!  Not with as many countries that hate us.  The enemy of the Constitution and the people who believe in the Constitution are the ONLY people who would reduce their enemies firepower!!  It's time to wake up Americans the enemy is changing our laws in front of our eyes!  I'm not going to be complying with any of these so-called laws!!

He will be an icon of liberal tyranny.

traitors, anti American, ditty low down dogs.

Just helping Obama and the Socialist Liberal Democrats to set the stage for a Dictatorship in 2016 after the American People are disarmed.......................Charles of Waveland, MS.

Another step towards "fundamentally" dismantling the U.S. and our constitutional rights. After this, freedom of religion, protection against search and seizure, and when the press finally wakes up, freedom of the press will go. God help us one and all!

Democratic Governor John Hickenlooper? Sounds like Colorado needs a new Govenor.

Typical hare-brained liberal.

DON'T SIGN THE GUN CONTROL BILLS!!!

At least I can still get a bag of weed.

"That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of The United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms."--- Samuel Adams, Debates and Proceedings in the Convention of the Commonwealth of MassachusettsThe liberals are seeking to strip your rights in an incremental fashion - James Madison warned of this incrementalism; a theft step-by-small-step.In the name of safety and security they will take our freedoms

Joint the NRA, keep the cash flowing, challenge every attack, attack this type of action at every opportunity, and make the Banner's pay on election day. If you remember on election day that's one vote, help the NRA remind every voter in every district how there congress people voted on this issue.

Magpul you better call their bluff and pull out of Colorado. Do it and I will never buy another non-magpul magazine or AR accessory from another Mfr.

Colorado gun owners and Business is coming to Texas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

We will not comply! What part of "SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED" do you not understand? This is not about gun control - it is about control! Government is our servant - not our master!

How about a recall vote on the governor

Registration is followed by confiscation?   Like I register my car and then they come and confiscate it?   NO, it's more like they tax it.   So stockpile all you want.  We need more tax income anyway as a country.

Next come the guard shacks and auto searches at every entrance into Colorado.Will look like the old checkpoints into Eastern Europe, during the Cold War.

What a farce no matter what u ban there will always be a market for that item and people who seek those items will always find them so why even ban them in the first place

I hope the people of Colorado throw all them that voted on more gun control out of office.  When will congress figure out that all the liberal ideas , and no control on what are kids are watching and games they play , which are so violent. Put morals back in school, and parents time instead of video games and then things will change. LOVE YOUR KIDS SPEND TIME WITH THEM.I see that the yahoo administrators are blocking almost all the comments on this and most of the other major news stories-as usual! Makes me wonder why the site even has this feature.

He is one du_b ignorant liberal ba_tard.  I hope he dies with a ha_d-on. Democratic Liberal p_g.

For all the people willing to give up their rights, theres a bunch of illegals who would be more then happy to trade places with you. Hahaha

How many hi capacity magazines will be black marketed into Colorado because of this stupidity?

Oh Colorado, the proud vast beutifull state of my birth,what has happened to you?

The current state of things in ColoradoSmoking weed - GoodThe Second Amendment - Bad

Drugs legal, Guns illegal. LOL @ Democrats.

These are the sort of laws California started out with.  Is that what you want, Colorado?

Idiots, all of them. Criminals don't abide by the laws these idiots are going to sign in to law. That's why they are called criminals. All these morons have done is further restrict, honest citizens with more time consuming burdens. Idiots.

Colorado's governor will sign three gun control bills.Total wast of time,those control bills aren't gonna do $h/tVote him out next round. That goes for EVERY moronic politician.

the drums are beating....

Hinkey Loopy looks it.

More people are killed by drunk drivers and people texting while driving than they are by firearms.Are we going to start Prohibition again,ban cell phones and limit the amount of gas you can have in the tank?

FUQ him. Will NOT comply.

Time to vote this Moron out!

Really?? Bad guys/girls never lose by disarming the good ones..So pathetically stupid. Thats Law Makers for you. They are so rich they lose the sight of reality in the real world. They do not care about the civilian population because they will always have their protection.

now enact Jessica's law!  it is one of VERY FEW hold out states.  i guess it would take someone harming one of his underage female family members for him to make this a priority!

America will be great again when the Democratic voters understands the pain their #$%$, is the Democratic Politician screwing them! have you had enough already.......

Magazine manufactures are going to have a heck of a time trying to produce these different size units. Ohio is 30, Col 15, NY 7, and I's sure somewhere will be 11.Stomp our Constitution  There boys !HARDE. I said HARDER !! DAMM IT!

Is he going to reinstate slavery too, or just segregation?

this just mean the crazies are going to practice more at reloading and ultimately firing their weapon making them even more deadlier.

If they made it illegal for liberals to own guns than the killing might stop.

Haven't we already seen these kind of laws banning the use of illegal drugs but yet there is still a large drug problem in this country. A law abiding citizen won't care about having to fill out some paper work to get his or her gun. But all this is not going to solve a thing, there will still be crime and people killed at the hands of guns which is a tool of man...a criminal will find a way to get a gun just as a druggie finds drugs you they haven't solved anything once again....you want to slow down deaths then ban automobiles...there are more people killed in car wrecks than by guns...and they can have my gun when they pry from my cold dead fingers...just saying

the majority of gun violence in this country comes from a failed drug policy not from having 30 round clips i would much rather see a drug addict walk into a regulated clinic nd get a daily dose than see paco or t-dogg shoot each other over gets to sell crack on a certain street corner or seeing some junkie break into my house to steal for a fix maybe you conservatives nd liberals shoud fix the broken laws instead of making new pointless ones

So the current background checks become universal background checks (whatever that means).  The buyer is charged a fee for the background check.  Law abiding citizens now have to pay a tax in the form of a fee for getting what they got for free in the past.  That should stop a lot of criminals from purchasing a firearm.Whether a citizen gets a concealed-carry permit on line or in person the process uses the same universal background check information.  Banning on-line carry permits will surely prevent undesirables from getting a firearm using this law.As for the 15 round magazines, now a person will just buy two magazines instead of one 30 round magazine.  That will really slow down the rapid firing of rounds.Logically, I do not see anything that has been done to prevent what the laws are trying to prevent.  What I do see is an additional tax fee for the universal background check, the loss of applying on-line for a carry permit and the extra cost of an additional 15 round magazine.  This will affect only law abiding citizens who purchase firearms.  But hey, the politicians will get lots of votes and the ordinary citizens; well, they lose more of their freedom written in the Bill of Rights.

Recall that wa-hankervote out, or hang, the scurf monstersit's clean up timeawaketime to rise

Calirodo, the new state where idiots rule the day, like john who doesn't know that America is among the lowest 5% of violent nations in the world. or Albert who doesn't understand that these laws won't affect criminals one bit— they only intrude on law-abiding citizens.

Our Republic is suffering death by 1,000 cutsNo matter what they do as far as the laws they make, i will always have gun, and i said guns with an s... I should start a black market gun sales busness,,i will make a mint,,i can have them brought up by the truck load...

put fruitcakes where they belong and get them help

Slowly but, surely, this country is losing the base on that it was established, sworn to protect the constitution, the legislative of government, the congress, and the president(lowercase) have broken their oath of office. The evil at work, the monolithic, secret boys clubs, cfr, cia, etc.,etc, etc....whom whorship control, disquise as christians, betray with their deeds and words our nation, we the people. Liberty is good yet, evil does not want liberty but, slavery.  You can not tell me that the government has not preplaned all this for many years. Just seek the truth about how almost every war was started by a few boys who wanted to profit from it and thought it would be good for the world population. The problem is these people are in complete control of everything, their is no representation or common sense. Every industry is under the evil control and serving a sinister plan.  Ultimately, they fail and goodness wins. Put your trust in the corner stone that the builder rejected, in him is life and rejoice in his salvation. Peace!

all this hype and B&gt;S&gt; and not a single person in colorado is safer.  not a single one.  good job demo-rats good job

well Colorado is off my vacation list!!

This state has gone to democrat #$%$

Fools.

what a dumb bunny

And like the city of Chicago crime will end.  Serious, it will end...  :-(

If you're a Coloradoan and you've never heard of Defense Distributed and 3d printing, now might be the time educate yourself. 3d printing is a great hobby, and now you might have some practical use for it as well!The governor of Colorado has temper tantrums and acts like Adolf Hitler.

like criminals follow the law anyways, some of you should sit down and put your dunce cap back on!

Why cant these liberal idiots understand the 2nd Amendment exists to protect us from tyrannical government, meaning the government passing legislation against the will of the people. WHY CANT YOU UNDERSTAND THIS SIMPLE LOGIC!!!!! DO WE NEED TO BEAT IT IN YOUR HEAD?? WHY cant liberals understand that a shotgun, 1 shot rifle, and a pistol is almost worthless on a battlefield? WHY cant these stupid liberals understand that when people have semi automatic weapons, outside government will not invade us, because citizens are armed to teeeth? WHY CANT YOU IDIOTS UNDERSTAND THIS???? Either you understand it, and if you do, you are intentionally trying to weaken us, and you are planning tyranny, or just just to dumb to SEE THIS SIMPLE TRUTH!. I feel very strong about the 2nd Amendment, and I am willing to fight to protect it, from foreign and domestic tyrants! Do you want to bring this country to a civil war? BACK DOWN!!! WE WILL NOT RELENQUISH OUR FIREARMS!!!

Do you Colorado folks remember Al Davis is the muchly hated Oakland Raiders?  Of course you do.  Well, I have a variation of his motto:  "Just vote baby!"

Colorado used to be a great state until the Liberal turds took it over. Now it will become another bankrupt entiltement state just like New York, California, etc, etc. When they wake up it will be too late.

Gov Hippofuck@r needs to be voted out next election and then repeal these stupid laws.

Time for real Americans to get rid of the "anti constitution zealots"

your bunch of dummys, do you think people that do #$%$ like these shooting in your state  care aboutyou new law. What a bunch dummy #$%$. Please keep out of kentu#$%$y

Loved CO when I lived there  -open carry law satewide-now I hope my  grandkids r not molested because legislature won't harshly punish rapists.

$$$$ &amp; $$$$ &amp; more $$$$...Well, add another to the growing list of tyrants to be obliterated.

If you look at the technology, we're probably within a decade of the average person being able to manufacture firearms at home using 3D printers.The money spent trying to curb guns would be better spent trying to curb violence and those that are violent.

For Sale sheet metal press.The fact that Hitler was able to destroy German democracy in only six months serves as a warning today of what can happen if the public is apathetic.Illinois, where only the Gangs have guns, and that is how the Madigan’s are going to keep it!

liberals are just like woman they bring up old stuff ... columbine happened during the AWB and with all these mass shootings the number of murder and mass shootings has bin decreasing drastically

It is strange how politicians can move very fast on some laws and go on vacation for real issues like the BUDGET,THE DEBT or Drug enforcement.Mental patients being releasedFrom institutions for lack of State programs is not as important as recording gun owners who already have been investigated and approved for gun ownership.Remember who these phony politicians are and vote in some people who have some character.I strongly feel thatThese gun related deaths were all caused by the mentally ill who needed to be institutionalized..I

I read this, as I load my 22 round magazines with hollow points and am damned glad I don't live in the communist state of Colorado.They just legalized Pot so it can't be all bad ..now they need to legalize nuts...of which they have many......

"Following Columbine, the state closed a loophole that allowed firearms purchases at gun shows without a background check."  Sure stopped James Holmes didn't it?  Useless laws are bad enough, but when useless laws further unconstitutional political agendas, those useless laws become useful tools in seizing control from law-abiding citizens.  How do new regulations requiring law-abiding citizens to alter their behavior, prevent lawless people from engaging in lawless behavior?  In an effort to protect the defenseless, what sense does it make to make even more people defenseless?  If we were to examine these issues rationally, we'd discover that in most cases, it is the law itself that creates defenselessness.  Let me tell you what's to come: 1.) "Background" checks will be conducted so slowly as prevent gun ownership; 2.) "Fees" will become so expensive, that gun ownership will again become de facto impossible; 3.) Divorced men will have to prove they've never committed domestic abuse, proof that ANY ex-wife will be happy to provide, I'm sure; 4.) Men merely accused of domestic violence will be prevented from owning guns; 5.) It will become ridiculously easy for women to get "restraining orders" against a man, specifically to prevent him from buying a gun; 6.) "Background" checks will be extended to include current gun owners, who are going to have to produce bills of sale "proving" they legally purchased the firearm; guns passed down to descendants will therefore be confiscated.  PEOPLE: they're taking our GUNS away so they can take our MONEY out of our bank accounts.  Think I'm reacting hysterically?  Answer this one question: "What's going to stop them?"

You and your other democrat buddies enjoy the time you have left in office.  You won't be there next election.

What does the constitution mean when it says "infringed?"

Vote them out in 2014!Let the Front Range have gun laws. The rest of the state wont comply. Colorado is that divided. Gays Liberals and California's transplants can have Denver and Colorado Springs.

Spineless

Don't deal with the loonies that should be in a bin anyway make the common people pay for the few. deal with the crazy people, just don't give them a pill and expect them to take it,put them away where they belong and protect us that way!

Glad I don't live in the People's Republic of Colorado..

Obama has been focusing on the economy .. he is almost done destroying it

I see alot of money going to other states from Colo residents buying weapons out of state. The mag ban and assault ban will last until a Repub congress is elected and same with gov and all will go back to the way is suppose to be. But i sure look forward to buying those 30 rd mag cheaper since they cant have them, and magufas of mags and parts who are from Colo can kiss my buisness good=bye I will use a state where they like gun owners.

I hope the people of Colorado remember all this next election.

"Following Columbine, the state closed a loophole that allowed firearms purchases at gun shows without a background check". Well it looks like that did not work, so now the idiots will pass more laws that will not work.

I hope Colorado, catches hell for this INFRINGEMENT and losses millions of dollars from tourists and the companies that leave that craptastic state!

They're trying to bring back Orgainze crime with these gun bills. That's the hidden had of government.If they think I'm just going to voluntarily hand over ANY of my rights, then they are sadly mistaken. Can't speak for others, but I'm sure they feel the same way as I do. Dickenlicker is history come election time!

Yep and he'll be leaving office in Nov next year, flucking N'Az"i!

Like I said in the past, once they have our guns there`s know way to stop them !

A magazine is part of the firearm. The "shall not be infringed" part of the 2nd, must not mean much to these idiot gun grabbers! Just a matter of time before it's overturned as Unconstitutional! Shall not be infringed sure sounds simple, I'm wondering why the Democrat gun grabbers don't get it!

Colorado is a horrible place, even worse than Utah.

Welcome to Florida, Magpul Industries. We welcome your 850 million dollar injection into the economy and the 600 jobs. Colorado doesn't deserve you and I'm glad you are leaving.

One down.  Fortynine to go...

Just arrest every Congressman and Senator that voted to support these insane bills every time they get in their cars. Arrest them for the smallest infraction and sooner or later you will get one committing a felony. Do the same thing to the governor with the name that sounds like a toilet paper brand. Oh well at least it can be undone come next election with a governor who knows a well armed populace is a deterrent to crime.

Gov Kiss your #$%$ goodbye you loose

Another trator who swore an oath to "protect and defend the CONSTITUTION against ALL enemies foriegn and domestic..."LOL  I almost want to move to Colorado just so I can help vote these pricks out.

What a stupid moron...

and he is also pre-filing for unemployment

Poor people of Colorado giving up their freedom.

They think just cause they sign a bill it would eliminate gun crimes, Democrats are plane stupid and i dont see why people vote democrat. they are disgusting.

Recall Hickenlooper! Petition at CHANGE DOT ORG! Sign it and spread it!!

they wonder why they have problems in that state.  drugs legal now this.

what does this facist SOB think "shall not be infringed" means?

I sure hope this law makes these people "feel" better because they are no safer from it. It will help them get reelected though!

Yay! Now Colorado will never have another gun-related crime again!This will prevent all future shootings of innocent people forever

You can't deivent the gun, but you can take the bullet out of the chamber.

And for all you dum dumbs saying: "what are you people crying about!  get a grip?"  You are the dumbest lemmings of them all!!!!   Your the type of people who when an emergency happens you go into psychogenic shock, shake and cannot talk like a little twirp, because you live in fantasy land and have NO clue or idea who the real enemy is and how they operate!   But no worries the AMERICAN FIGHTING LAW-ABIDING PATRIOT MAN WILL SAVE YOUR #$%$!!  BECAUSE COLORADO IS AS FAR AS THIS #$%$ IS GOING TO FLY!!  HAHAHAHAHA

The 90s the birth of Colofornia!

Law obeying citizens should not have to pay for other law braking citizens do ! Why should we not be able to buy what we want when we want ! If someone is going to kill there going to kill with a car a chain a knife you cant change it with laws like this !

You ought to be truthful.  Also report that as a result of his signing the magazine ban - that will help nothing - the state is losing a company that employs 400 people.  Magpul is leaving the state.  These 400 jobs actually translates into nearly 600 when the money "trickles" down.  Also, the state is losing nearly $10M of tax rev from the company.

These liberals are destroying and rotting this country inside and out!! This gun control thing may take us to civil war!

Colorado, a state I and my money will now avoid.

It's absolutely amazing that something like this can get passed in a state like Colorado. A few short years ago, before it was invaded by the liberals who could no longer stand the ridiculousness that they created in their own home state of California, this could have never happened. I would also like to take a minute to point out that all of the recent shoot out crazies have been liberal democrats. If you don't believe me, look into it, I was surprised myself.

Wait til it happens again.  Then what are they going to say?If I lived in Colorado I would be #$%$ that the officials I voted into office that swore to uphold the constitution and the 2nd amendment are now passing bills that take away those rights that the founding father's of this country set in place because they knew that the government would become too powerful and try to force the citizens to do things just like this. The citizens of this once great country should impeach the president and any other official that tries to go against our civil rights and liberties. Our military fights and dies for our rights and the constitution everyday. If we don't take a stand now against all of this we the citizens will soon be the ones dying being killed by our own government. WAKE UP AMERICA!!! LONG LIVE THE REPUBLIC!!!!

Colorado lawmakers still doing nothing to combat crime

one of the most famous militia man, Mr. Gen. G. Washington. he was the leader of his militia, not to mention a President. he led the U.S. continental army and the navy. he supported guns. people are state, militia is protectors of state, militia is armed people, so people are letting themselves be unarmed and unable to protect against foreign and domestic. the state MUST be able to rise as a unit to protect state, and to do that you form a militia, armed people of said state.... I think they fail history unfortunately.

i hope the gun company leave colorado and but them in need of jobs

USA peopLe.  Don't vote on #$%$ gay\Democr-rats!!!! This bull)#*: is over!

Who are the true gun nuts. White guys who belong to the NRA and go deer hunting, or black and hispanic guys who hunt each other.

Fast and Furious, some one at the ATF must of liked the film to give it that name. The government give weapons to drug lords, increasing violent crime in Mexico and the U.S. They claim that guns are a problem. The public can't be trusted with them. Government has some issues and I'm wondering who's side are they on? So next time you talk to a government senator or congressman, ask them this, "It's alright for criminals to have guns, like the lovely op Fast and Furious which resulted in thousands of people deaths, but the public is too dangerous to have guns that have more then 7 bullets?"

Maybe, we should have a law banning the US government from giving thousands of guns to the drug cartels in Mexico.

hickenpecker and you liberals.....I've got guns.  I've got ammo. I've got high capacity magazines.  You don't want to come get them.

What if they wrote a law and no one enforced it? The Weld County, CO sheriff said he won't enforce the new laws, as they are unenforcable and a knee jerk reaction. Yahoo story from 23 hours ago.No more problems on colorado with guns but how about the mental condition of some of their citizens ? Im sure they and the druggies and gangbangers and just plain old crooks are going to stop right now

barack obama is manipulative, socialist and communist,  he wants the citizens of this country in the palm of his hands just like the other terrorist.   I agree to one thing abotu the maximun rounds on a clip, but the background check fee should be free of at the state expense.     \why put the burden on expense if the democrat wants this minimize.   I tell you every time the democrats farts specially barack obama, the citizen of this country has to beef up $$$.   So sad to say that the democrats will put this country to shame, cause the time will come and no one can afford to buy even groceries anymore...Shame, Shame, shame...

Governor HIckenlooper is too busy building his political capital with Obama and Bloomberg to do the right thing.  Multiple sheriffs have come out saying they won't enforce these laws, the move by high-tech firm, Magpul, to move manufacturing out of state means a lot of people will be out of work and the magazine capacity bill is so broad as to actually ban all magazines (artfully crafted by the Bloomberg team, I'm sure).  There are so many holes in these bills, they are worthless right out of the starting gate, but that won't stop the socialist agenda.  A free society will never bow down before such oppression!

how about we hold these people responsable for a treason comitted against the people and bring lawsuits and petition for criminal charges of rights violations against them? Let us "the people" demonstrate in a lawful manor that taking the vote that effects us "the people" away from the people is unacceptable!

Just began reading the Supreme Court ruling in District of Columbia v. Heller. Recommend reading Stevens dissenting opinion. About fifty short pages. Could not put it down. I now know why Scalia wears the hat and gown he wears, he thinks he is back in the 18th. century. It is an extreme contradiction that Scalia touts strict interpretation of the constitution and yet goes back to quote Blackstone in his majority opinion. All, read it.

Brilliant, disarm the law abiding citizens so they cannot protect themselves against armed criminals. Government is becoming too big and way too controlling. Why should we have a handful of white haired clowns dictate the way millions of people live their lives.

Sheep have only two speeds:  Grazing and stampede.A useless law that punishes only law-abiding gun owners.  Then again, maybe that's their goal.

Does the bill require all the gangs and thugs to turn in their guns ?

More laws for the law abiding.....surely this will stop the lawless........just like the assault weapons ban stopped Columbine....

Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Gun laws aren't going to stop the bad guys from getting guns.Don't TREAD ON ME SHEEPS!!!!  Don't you DARE!!

strange that no conservative has brought forward any plan of substance to curb the rise of gun violenece but seem pretty content to sit back and point figers at those who are trying to do something about it.

Obama is so fly ,, he's needs a convertible w/ his likeness on da hood ! !

These laws are unconstitutional and hence INVALID!  DO NOT COMPLY!

I just ignore liberalism  !

If it was up to me, which it ain't, Id burn the governors mansion down, with him in it. Then Id put a real governor in, not a worthless POS anti american, like Hickelooper. I hope the NRA hits him with a ton of lawsuits.

Good for you Colorado  First sign of a civilized state. Treasure the governor you have.

Those willing to violate the Constitution and the constitutional rights of the citizens must be ready to go to prison for doing so.

The world is coming to an end ! The sky is falling ! The sky is falling ! The NRA does such a wonderful job .

Criminals appreciate gun laws it makes their workplace lessstressful.Finally somebody with common sense. (and all idiots screaming my guns! my guns! how will I live without them!)

And the 2014 elections in Colorado just turned red.

Read the labels, don't buy anything made in Colorado, boycott Colorado, send the message loud and clear.

Yep, more laws will probably stop them criminals- what a bunch of brainless twits.

Colorado has joined the Communist club with New York and California, man you voters in these states are ignorant.

I always had respect for Colorado.....until now.

We love ya Magpul, but the embargo is now on until you move out of Colorado.

Meanwhile, as predicted, Failstein's AWB has been DUMPED from the Senate gun bill, it won't even have a chance to get voted down now, it is DEAD. Get a clue Colorado, even Harry Reid isn't stupid enough to commit political suicide, recalls coming up, and possibly federal involvement as CO seems to be violating the rights of US citizens with this nonsense.

SENATE DEMOCRATS DROP ASSAULT WEAPONS BAN FROM PROPOSED GUN CONTROL BILLBreaking news.  We'll see what they want to leave in.

This article should note that MOST coloradans DO NOT approve of this.  Demo's rammed this thru in order to appear to be 'doing something' about gun violence.  It won't help.  When guns are criminalized, only criminals will have guns.  Several sherrifs have already come out and said they will NOT enforce this."Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are inevitably ruined." - Patrick Henry

What a stupid moron...

Another pending measure could bar gun purchases by domestic violence offenders, although Hickenlooper says he is undecided about that measure till he sees the final wording.. but we will make the laws to checkmate the law abiding citizens...so you domestic violence offenders keep buying up guns because we are not going to slap your hand at all because we just cannot figure out the wording.....how about H E L L  NO  YOU CANNOT BUY A GUN&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;

Notice the kinds of restrictions being imposed.  The agenda is to limit the citizens' ability to effectively defend against government assailants.  Rifles capable of hitting targets at a distance and with a sufficient number of bullets are to be limited and banned.

Any resposible gun owner should be able to easily comply with these reasonable regulations.

um im confused on this one??? (Another pending measure could bar gun purchases by domestic violence offenders, although Hickenlooper had previously said he was undecided about that measure until he sees the final wording) so you are quick to pass laws on people that obey the law, but unsure if you should pass law on people with domestic violence charges, un freaking real, i feel sorry for the people of colorado. with that train of thought, the government would promote more violence. how is it possible for someone to be so stupid????????????

looks like I will be hunting in New Mexico from now on instead of Colorada

Re the Colorado gun control measures, I understand their desires. Does anyone in there right mind want to see more killings of innocent children or adults? Of course we don't. But taking All the guns away would not stop the lunacy. Guns Don't Kill People!  Lunatics and sick or desperate people kill people. If they don't have a legal gun, they'll have an illegal gun...or an axe, or a large knife, or a bomb, who knows?  As a retired cop and a current pastor (I was a pastor first if that matters), I care...enough to vote to put School Resource Officers in Every school. I was one. They kinda quench the weapon issues in the schools!  In the right hands (cop or no), a gun is the best physical protection one can have. JM

I believe that the reasonable citizens of that state finally got sick of the militia and 'live free or die' types.

WOW, I bet ALL gun crimes cease forever now in CO.A total waste of time when it comes to saving lives.  When you have unarmed victims you can take your time reloading.  Which is why shooters go to gun free zones!

The only thing I'll ever buy from Colorado is Coors Beer-they don't make it anywhere else. I sure won't spend any money in that state until their govt.comes back to earth.

The Californication of another great state ,god helps us all!

OVER REACTING Seems to have any common sense involved

another example of lunatic libtardo politicians punishing law-abiding citizens for the crimes of a few. all they did was place the average citizen at a disadvantage of determined criminals who in no way will obey these laws...

Looks like the Aurora shooting operation worked.  Police did nothing when warned by psychiatrist weeks ahead.  Chief Dan Oates's former boss, Gun Ban Bloomberg, must have been proud.

The gun cult is outraged that background checks be required before buying a gun.  They'd rather that it be easy for criminals and crazies to buy guns.Why?  Apparently because background checks would prevent gun cultists from buying more guns.

Hunters take notice! No hunting trips in Colorado. If you ski and hunt, no skiing in Colorado. Gun and magazine manufacturers. If Colorado citizens can't have an AR 15 or 30 round mags, don't sell to police departments.Make this insanity hurt economically. Money talks!

Great job Guv! These new laws are really gonna hit criminals hard.  I bet within a couple of years, there won't be an armed thug within 100 miles of Colorado. *NOTE TO LIBERALS* This post is sarcasm.

he's toastThe sound of wailing and gnashing of teeth outside of NRA headquarters was reported today.....

Boooooo. Down with HB3200! Down with yokomoto! Down with cease fire oregon! Promote gun safety not gun banning

Ron Paul would never try to confiscate our weapons or use these subtle tricks to undermine the US Constitution.

Resist! We will never give up our Constitution fools! Warring against the Constitution is a Treasonous offense and an insult to all those Brave Patriots who defended it.

All heart, no brains. If it"feels" good legislate it. Typical liberal-based decision making.

Gonna take a Barack and wipe my Owebummer.

THE FACTS ABOUT BAVKGROUND CHECKSBackground checks are already done on every firearm purchase madethrough an  FFL dealer which includes all retail stores and FFl  dealers atall gun  shows. All internet or mail purchases must be shipped first to anFFL dealer for a background check before the customer can take possessionof the firearm. In Texas if you buy more than one firearm at a time theSheriff in the county where you live is notified by law . Currently thereis no permanent record of that background check or what kind of firearmwas purchased. So if I bought a firearm at one store and immediatelywalked across the street and bought another firearm at another storeI would have to go through another background check. What GUN OWNERSare AGAINST is the new laws want to make the background check and thefirearm purchased a permanent record which constitutes REGISTRATION.Registration is the first step to confiscation and IT AIN’T GONNA HAPPEN!The only concession I would be willing to make is to have background ckeckson private owner sales at gun shows as long as it stays the same as it is nowwith no permanent record kept.

Our rights are based on our nature as rational thinking humans.  The Constitution and government cannot grant rights.  The Constitution embodied the American philosophy that individuals act by right and government acts by permission.The States (countries) delegated specific enumerated powers to their new agent, the federal, not national, government.  Note the term "United States" (plural).The Bill of Rights (the first ten amendments) are prohibitions to the federal government about violating individual rights.The first eight amendments are specific.  The Ninth Amendment said that the individual has rights other than those explicitly stated.  The Tenth Amendment said any powers not delegated by the Constitution remain with the people and the States.

Our rights are based on our nature as rational thinking humans.  The Constitution and government cannot grant rights.  The Constitution embodied the American philosophy that individuals act by right and government acts by permission.The States (countries) delegated specific enumerated powers to their new agent, the federal, not national, government.  Note the term "United States" (plural).The Bill of Rights (the first ten amendments) are prohibitions to the federal government about violating individual rights.The first eight amendments are specific.  The Ninth Amendment said that the individual has rights other than those explicitly stated.  The Tenth Amendment said any powers not delegated by the Constitution remain with the people and the States.

DON'T WAIT TO VOTE THEM OUT!!    They are OPENLY, and actively engaged in MEGA INFRINGEMENT of the PEOPLES right to keep and bear arms for the SECURITY of their State.That's and OPEN and Active assault on the U.S. Constitution and that's an ACT of TREASON.NOW is the time for the Constitution loving CITIZENS to step up and make CITIZENS ARREST on these CRIMINALS and the SHERRIFFS should be on hand to CUFF them, and take them to JAIL and book 'em and then let We the People of Colorado, battle these DOMESTIC ENEMIES in court.If the SHERRIFFS don't step up and place them under arrest for issuing UN-LAWFUL orders and inform these IGNORANT assemblymen and women that they are egaging in an act of SEDITION in trying to encourage or coerce the POLICE forces to obey and UN-LAWFUL order as well as entice them through excessive pay and benefits to join them in over-throwing the 2nd Amendment of the U.S. Constitution WITHOUT pursuing the ONLY LEGAL OPTION for change, which is through the RATIFICATION process whereby 3/4 of the States legislatures must RATIFY (34.7 of 50 states) the REPEAL of, or the ESTABLISHMENT of a constitutional amendment.STEP UP COPS............THIS IS WHAT YOUR HIRED FOR AND TOOK YOUR OATH FOR.Just refusing to follow the UN-LAWFUL order, does NOT take it off the books, NEITHER does it stop the ANTI-CONSTITUTIONAL legislator from committing further TREASONOUS ACTS.You have the weapons and AUTHORITY to take these guys down.............DO YOUR JOB.STUPIDITY IN ACTION:Next, House Bill 1224 would make it a crime to have a magazine that holds more than 15 rounds of ammunition after July 1, 2013.If you currently own a magazine that holds more than 15 rounds, you would be able to keep it.Lawmakers said there will be "no confiscation," and added manufacturers will be required to date each magazine produced in Colorado.UNLESS THE MAGAZINE IS DATED, HOW ARE YOU GOING TO PROVE IT IS ILLEGAL?No, repeat, NO MAGAZINE I KNOW OF IS DATED!

Guns don't kill people, but they sure do help.  Ever try and kill anyone with a hammer, it's a lot harder.

God is working...shhhh

When are we going to ban the politicians!! This needs to be challenged in the supreme court. Also I'm sure the next nut case that comes along will only load 15 rounds into his 30 round clip. Because don't you know, when your going out to commit mass murder another gun law will always make them stop and think!! Meanwhile if your a rapist in CO your go to go no Jessica's law there. Way to go CO!! To many know it all libtards in politics.

Fantastic!!! Now itll be a lot more difficult for the would -be- teenage shooters to purchase a gun in the first place.... Wait...what???! Unless teenagers were able to buy guns in Colorado before then the reasoning behind this is as if a group of smart monkeys put it through. Of course the smartest monkeys are still dumber than the dumbest humans. Good things may come from this..no doubt there may be some cons as well but it will not serve to stop the shootings. Shootings will only stop when we stop polluting the mental health of this society.

The key notes this article are a joke; most states make you pay for your own background check the Columbine shootings occurred when assault weapons were actually actively banned.  Wth are people thinking is going to happen?  Magically, criminals aren't going to have access to the things that make them criminals?  Another bill pandering to the general public in  hopes of another re-election.

When a gun rights supporter tells you that laws have no effect, that criminals disregard them, ask them... then why do we outlaw murder?

In Atlas Shrugged, Colorado was the last hope for the country.  Well it is fiction.

A bill introduced in New York in 2000 proposed police investigate psychiatric drug in all cases of violent crimes and suicides.Antidepressants and other psychotropic drugs long have been the center of a raging debate about a connection between  violence and  psychiatric drug use. This debate came to a head when , in 2004, the Food and Drug Administration, FDA, added “black box” warnings (its most serious warnings) to most of the approved antidepressants because of suicidal thoughts reported in children taking the mind-altering drugs.   And there are other reported adverse side effects associated with antidepressants including, but not limited to mania, (violent, abnormal behavior), hypomania, amnesia, manic reaction, psychotic reaction, delirium, delusion, hallucinations, hostility, psychosis and homicidal ideation.Do any of these adverse reactions resemble the information provided to the public about James Holmes?  Anyone who had viewed Holmes’ s first courtroom appearance would have to admit that, aside from his orange colored hair, he  didn’t look quite “right.”   Furthermore, Holmes apparently had been seeing at least three psychiatrists and, at a minimum, had been diagnosed with  “Dysphoric Mania.”  What the public has not been told is what cocktail of mind-altering drugs had his team of psychiatrists prescribed and at what levels.A similar scenario recently unfolded with the shooting at the Atlanta World Changers Church International. Floyd Palmer, had been committed to a psychiatric hospital for a 2001 shooting at a mosque in Baltimore, Md.  Having been released from that facility in 2005, Palmer made his way to Atlanta and unknown to the Atlanta church, the former psychiatric patient gained employment with the church as a maintenance man. As was the case in the 2001 shooting, earlier this month, Palmer inexplicably shot and killed a volunteer leading a prayer service at the megachurch.  Again, the question must be raised: what mind-altering drugs had Palmer been prescribed?

Looks like thy want us all to eat food stamps and drive Escalade's . My money supports all kind of parasites so govrnerning apparatus can grow even largerI guess we are going to start finding out who the other communist state governors are now.

These are the first small steps toward total gun control.  Hickenlooper and others have shown they have no respect for the Bill of Rights or the American people.  They all need to be impeached.

It could be worse folks, you could have tough gun laws like Chicago.

At least 31 school shootings and/or school-related acts of violence were committed by those taking or withdrawing from psychiatric drugs. It is important to note the following lists cases where the information about the shooters psychiatric drug use was made public. To give an example, although it is known that James Holmes,  suspected perpetrator of the Aurora, Colorado movie theater shooting, was seeing psychiatrist Lynne Fenton, there has been no mention of what psychiatric drugs he may have been taking—though it is highly probably he was taking psychiatric drugs considering he was under a psychiatrist’s “care”. Also note that all these mass shootings didn’t just occur in the United States.Of these 31, ten were seeing either a psychiatrist (8 of them) or psychologist (2 of them).  It is not known whether or not the others were seeing a psychiatrist, as it has not been published.St. Louis, Missouri – January 15, 2013: 34-year-old Sean Johnson walked onto the Stevens Institute of Business &amp; Arts campus and shot the school’s financial aid director once in the chest, then shot himself in the torso. Johnson had been taking prescribed drugs for an undisclosed mental illness.Snohomish County, Washington – October 24, 2011: A 15-year-old girl went to Snohomish High School where police alleged that she stabbed a girl as many as 25 times just before the start of school, and then stabbed another girl who tried to help her injured friend. Prior to the attack the girl had been taking “medication” and seeing a psychiatrist. Court documents said the girl was being treated for depression.Planoise, France – December 13, 2010: A 17-year-old youth held twenty pre-school children and their teacher hostage for hours at Charles Fourier preschool.  The teen was reported to be on “medication for depression”.  He took a classroom hostage with two swords. Eventually, all the children and the teacher were released safely.Myrtle Beach, South Carolina – September 21, 2011: 14-year-old Christian Helms had two pipe bombs in his backpack, when he shot and wounded Socastee High School’s “resource” (police) officer. However the officer was able to stop the student before he could do anything further.  Helms had been taking drugs for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and depression.Huntsville, Alabama – February 5, 2010: 15-year-old Hammad Memon shot and killed another Discover Middle School student Todd Brown.  Memon had a history for being treated for ADHD and depression.  He was taking the antidepressant Zoloft and “other drugs for the conditions.” He had been seeing a psychiatrist and psychologist.Kauhajoki, Finland – September 23, 2008: 22-year-old culinary student Matti Saari shot and killed 9 students and a teacher, and wounded another student, before killing himself.  Saari was taking an SSRI and a benzodiazapine. He was also seeing a psychologist.Fresno, California – April 24, 2008: 17-year-old Jesus “Jesse” Carrizales attacked the Fresno high school’s officer, hitting him in the head with a baseball bat.  After knocking the officer down, the officer shot Carrizales in self-defense, killing him.  Carrizales had been prescribed Lexapro and Geodon, and his autopsy showed that he had a high dose of the antidepressant Lexapro in his blood that could have caused him to be paranoid, according to the coroner.Dekalb, Illinois – February 14, 2008: 27-year-old Steven Kazmierczak shot and killed five people and wounded 21 others before killing himself in a Northern Illinois University auditorium. According to his girlfriend, he had recently been taking Prozac, Xanax and Ambien. Toxicology results showed that he still had trace amount of Xanax in his system. He had been seeing a psychiatrist.

The Killers are not using the high round magazine guns...the politicians are idiots as usual. .as are the public...we should require annual idiot testing for all citizens and noncitizens

I hope my fellow colorado voters remember these lawmakers in the next election and vote them all out. Its time to take our once great state back.

Progress will be slow, but this is how it starts.

Lol.  NONE of these stupid laws will stop crazy people from killing people.  Dems are just trying to convince people they give a rip about the public. On with the killing

Welcome to "CALORADO"  !!!

Well Colorado you guys legalized pot seem the governor and yer legislators really took it to heart.  Must be some damn good #$%$ getting smoked  up in those officesHopefully God willing a huge sink hole the size of Texas will swallow the whole state of Colorado starting with their precious Denver Airport!!!!   hahahaha  I will pray for that!   You know why all the sink holes happening all over the world don't you?  Governments underground high speed train rails!!!   And all the D.U.M.B.S

This is no longer a goverment for the people and by the people but a goverment against the people commiting oppression and tyranny and trying to take all of our freedoms away and do away with the constitution and they will keep pushing until the people will have no choice but to rise up and stop them and history will repeat itself. vote vote vote!!!

this is what happens when you put someone with a degree in english take office.

So what -- Hicki signs the bill and nothing changes... It is a feel good bill after all..

I think Yahoo is censoring me because I said something negative about pot

The elected representatives of the people have spoken. That is how a democratic republic works. I wonder why the Denver Post Poll presents such a different picture of what The People of colorado think is right?

Governor Hickenlooper, You are welcome, and invited, to move to a socialist and authoritarian state, and leave the land of the FREE and the Brave, forthwith.What part of INALIENABLE RIGHT do you not understand?

As i was glancing through the news stories I noticed the background of that picture , and thought the article would be about auroras being visible in Colorado. Disappointment washed over me reading the title.

Colorado our next up and coming welfare state.

idiot liberallooks like another democrat #$%$ traitor wake up before it's too late and pull your heads out of the sand all these mass shooters where democrats look it up.time for the cops and swat teams to give up there machine guns if they want us to give up ours i bet they are exempt.

It will be nice to see all those crazy #$%$ Voted out of office when the citizens of that Nutty state comes to their sense and when all the Business pull out of their SCREWED up State!What ever gave elected people the right to think that they can pass what ever laws they want whether the Citizens like it or not. Why have so many elected people from Obama,Biden, Boxtox Nancy,Feinstine, Coumo and Bloomberg on down to so many other elected Nuts to think this way! Sort of like Botox Nancy,Biden and Cuomo wanting to tell the Catholic Church what rules they will Obey and what rules they wont go along with as their God hating,Homosexual, Muslim Boss Obama orders them to go along with!

A quick lesson for all you anti-gun nuts out there those evil "Assault Weapons" you want to ban are already illegal for civilians to own without Class III licenses and permits from the ATF.Also a hunting rifle in the hands of a skilled marksman that you do not see is far more terrifying than a man with an evil "Assault rifle" in your line of sight.If you would actually look up FBI statistics before making stupid comments you would know that out of all gun related homicides in the US only a small number of those are committed with rifles semi-auto or not.The majority of gun related homicides are committed with handguns and most of those are criminals killing each other.Another fact, all these recent shootings happened in "GUN FREE ZONES".Do you ever wonder why you never hear of someone shooting up a gun range,gun store or any place that law abiding citizens are known to carry guns?That is because these criminals are cowards at heart and want to shoot up a place where they know  their victims will have no chance of fighting back.And for all you who do not know AR does not stand for "Assault Rifle" it stands for Armalite Rifle.

Maybe training for mental heath and police would be a better option then a law that will be overturned

John Denver loved Colorado, What would he think of this!

Colorado , obvious sister state to California . We're all going to be taken over with this plague from the west.

hahahahaha  This state is DONE!!!   hahahaha  They are about to sign their own death warrant and the rest of the country has awakened and Colorado leadership is to STUPID to see it!!!   hahahahaha   You will go down in history as the suck-pup post Obaminator traitors!!!!!  hahahahaha   Wow, I can't believe anyone who could call yourself an American after your apart of this Communist movement!    hahahaha  This is all good though, it's TRANSPARENCY IN THE MAKING OF THE MOVEMENT OF US INFORMED DISRUPTERS!!!  hahahahha    They thought they had Operation Cablesplice?   hahahahaha

If you're a Coloradoan and you've never heard of Defense Distributed and 3d printing, now might be the time educate yourself. 3d printing is a great hobby, and now you might have some practical use for it as well!

“I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.” Obama is NOT doing his job...

See what happened when they let all those Califorinians into Colorado....These lawmakers should get to the heart of the matter, and pass laws against committing mass murder.  That will stop those criminals!

Well Jessica's Law needs to be talked with as well. Wished that they would bring it to a vote on the floor. Not just the Auora and Columbine tragedies!

Colorado should have stomped a mud-hole out of that John Denver Hippie Pot movement that moved into Colorado in the '70's.  Let that be a lesson to all the other states.!

GOD BLESS TEXAS !!

why doesn't media report the real truth    at Columbine they had ten round magazines but the had a sack full of them when crazy people want to kill they will find a way.

this will be your last term in office chickenpooper, liberal #$%$

This show me how stupid the Governor of Colorado  is  if I have a clip of 10, 12 ,14  etc.  rounds it doesn't mattter you have your brains up your #$%$  Plus you want people to pay for their own back ground check  I guess you are STUPID. You have people taking money on welfare and you do not even do a back ground check  or Drug test them plus give them  all kinds of FREE BEES paid for by the Good people of your State I think you shoud re- think your plan . If thats the best you can come up with then I think you should QUITE your job.

Does not matter what he signs, he has no legal authority to disobey the 2nd amendment

Great. Now criminals will have 30's but everyone else will have 15's. Nice going morons...

A law printed on paper is worthless, not much of a shield against bullets. Like our money is starting to look like. I wonder how much ir is going to cost the people of Colorado for Custom inspection stations on the Hwy's., or is the Hwy Patrol going to pull people over to inspect their Vehicles?So it's okay in Colorado to get stoned and drive, but buying guns are a problem?  Good job Libtards, you're really making sense now.  Take another toke.

since Colorado seems to be a state that is divided politically, too bad we can't divide it geographically...an east and a west. All the self absorbed liberal #$%$ can have the front range, and the rest of us native, God loving, Constitution defending, common folk will take the western slope....that way they can make all the self serving laws they want over there, and the rest of will live the kind of life that made our country great before they came along and f***ed it all up.

P.S sorry you lost your 2014 seats in advance.

So we really do not have any power in office, these politicians push what they want without regarding what the people want. Chickenpooper has lost my vote, furthermore, it has been shown in history that these laws do nothing, Columbine shooting occurred during the first assault weapons ban, they used 9 ROUND MAGAZINES! Because magazines are the problem, not the degradation of society or mental health issues. Stupid libtards, i vote to repeal any unconstitutional bans, and i WILL fight if it comes down to it!

This is what I have to say......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`•¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.•´............\..............(..............\.............\...

Banning the LEGAL use of firearms is the prelude to totalarian dictatorship.  To you plan to pledge allegiance to Dictator Emperor Obama?

why sign a bill than none supports? why sign a bill thats illegal under the constitution and bill of rights? ive read the constitution and it states that those are domestic terrorists, if you cant understand and read english you need to become educated.

Anti self defensers...they really have NO idea what they have started. One day they will look back on this and realize they bit off more than they could chew. Even the local sheriffs refuse to enforce these unconstitutional laws.

Why is it necassary to have "gun" control?  Wouldn't it be easier to control the idiots that use them for any other reason other than self-defense or for protecting their families?

well there goes the housing market. at a boy stupid. you commie.first thing Thursday need to take all these laws to court

Remind me never to go back Colorado

Actually... this might be a good thing.   It will help clarify things for the fence-sitters, who just don't see any difference between the R's and the D's.

I don't know what all the fuss is about. law abiding citizens can still buy and possess guns. Even gun manufacturers shouldn't be upset by these bills. The only people who should be upset are convicted criminals. Come to think about it; I wonder how many posters here felons.

a solution to gun control, excute the people that use a gun on another, make it law, live by the gun die by the gun, maybe they will  think twice about using it on someone..

Learn your lesson Colorado.  This is what happens when you have Democrats in the majority and in power!

I can't wait to see what the crime stats look like in a year or so, hopefully as bad as Chicago.

Liberal loons gone wild!!!!! Nothing but a disease ruining state to state!!!

Interesting how even reasonable measures such as these get backlash.

Stand up and fight the communist party (Democraps) or forever lose your rights.People just saw the most recent news on this, a company that makes clips and magazines for guns is based in CO, they already said they will close up shop and move to another state if it goest through, causing a thousand or so jobs. Also most if not all the Sheriff's in CO have said they will refuse to enforce thes idiotic laws.  And more and more people even dems there are trying to force themt o at least put Jessica's law up for a vote. But they need everyone writitng in calling thier reps day and night harass them 24/7 home and work till they do.

Go to the State Capitol to protest, the signing of this. Show up in numbers to protest agsinst this. This will be a forever cross to bear. Just saying. ;)

Soooo why are you weirdos so afraid of background checks. Teachers and a lot of places make you have them to work  but one to have something that will kill people doesn't make sense to you. Dumb A)SSES

2nd amendment - the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. But it says arms - does not say machine guns.Watch the youtube videoAR-15 Slide Fire Maximum Fire RateWhoa. Firing at the ar15's maximum legal firing rate. 900 rounds/minute like an m16 in full auto.

Those two shootings are nothing compared to the shootings by minorities

All democrats are good for are raising taxes to pay back their campaign contributors and taking away our rights as citizens of this country. Please wake up, democrat voters!

Oh come on, lets give these weapons another chance, says the NRA ... at _your_ childrens' school?

Come on over to Texas and boycott Colorado

Just in case the Colorado State lawmakers forgot to do their homework, NOT one of the mass killings was done with a legally obtained and registered gun. While all the law-abiding citizens have their legally bought and registered guns with the 10-round clips, the criminals will have their fully automatic guns with 30-round clips. These new gun control laws wont protect the law-abiding people from criminals, it will protect the criminals from the law-abiding people. If strict gun control worked then why is the murder by guns rate so high in Chicago and New York City, the 2 cities with the strictest gun control laws.

I await the day all these gun nuts stop flapping their jaws &amp; actually take up their guns against their local law enforcement so we can clean up the gene pool.  It will never happen, typical cowards, all talk &amp; no action.  WOOHOO I love #$%$ these ignorant #$%$ posters off.   Gonna come get your guns boys, gonna come get em!Who will control access to guns for the bad guys?  Igonorance and stupidity is the downfall of a nation.  Is this a gut reaction or common sense?

Gonna be time to put the well regulated militia to the test soon enough. Keep pushing liberals, keep pushing.

The NRA said gun laws should be at the state level now they are saying it is wrong.

On the advice of the NRA Jordan , Minneapolis is setting up Police substations intheir elementary schools for the safety of their children. The only sane and logicalsolution if your truly concerned with the safety of our children!

And that’s how it all starts; the criminals will keep on having their guns and their high capacity magazines, but not the honest American Citizen.VIVA THE 2ND AMEDMENT

Zionist controllers behind the scene?  Your gig has been zeroed!   You will be lucky if this stands in Colorado for very long if you can't tell by the comments, Americans are fully aware of who's trying to destroy our country!!  The information has been put out and your NWO and anti-American plots are NOT going to work and you are NOT going to disarm the 200+million law-abiding citizens in our country, you may get this gov. Colorado to bow to you, but you will NEVER get the rest of the steel spines of true American men who believe in our founding rights!!! and you FOOLS ARE NOT GOING TO MAKE US LAY DOWN OUR ARMS!!!!!   WE are WELAWARE!!   Thanks to your buddies Obama &amp; Holder you just put yourselves behind by at least two generations!!   Good police, fire and military men with Honor will NOT comply with your anti-American agenda!!

Hey, Colorado Pols:  Gun control works.  Ask the experts, HITLER, STALIN &amp; MAO TSE-TUNG.  They executed 100 million after gun control.

and Colorados new govenor is???

Wonder what they've been smoking - Peace

Gov, Lickenpooper is a liberal idiot. I hope he enjoys his next couple years in office because he just signed the end of his political career,  Goodbye and good riddance LickenpooperWhat a #$%$ bag governor... This will make zero difference other than inconveniencing gun owners and getting the authors defeated in their next election bid.

Now remember gurls ----------- Next time you snivel about how Calif refugees are taking over "your" state ---------------------------- This boy be a yankee...

So, a Democratic governor signed Democratic-centric gun legislation...Did all y'all also know that the sky is blue, and Lincoln's been shot?..Joe

this law and the new york law are unconstitutional, i hope someone or group comes forward and takes this to the supreme court (although that court is becoming more and more libtard)

the jews did 911 and sandy hook now they want your guns

Colorado used to be a nice state, too many Californians moved in and ruined it

Not gun control, PEOPLE CONTROL.  Treason is treason is treason.  The same politicians who seem to find nonexistent rights in the constitution can not seem to comprehend the phrase "shall not be infringed".  People this is about power, not worry for children, but power.  Plain and simple, they have a mental disorder, it is called liberalism and it is destroying America.  They are not liberal, they are very domineering, there is nothing liberal about them, they are not about freedom, but control, control and control.  When Obama says he is not a dictator, it is not because he has not considered it or acted like it, it is because the morons who voted him will believe whatever he says and like trained parrot will repeat it and repeat it and repeat it. Read 1984, read Animal Farm, wake the frick up people.  You are going to the slaughter and you don't even care as long as they give you a check and let you marry your "life partner" or whatever else you have sold your freedom for.

Well gun nuts, the thing that you said would NEVER HAPPEN has started HAPPENING. And thank goodness for it.

Do you think people that does shoot like in your state care about your new law.  Please keep your #$%$ out of kentucky

On paying for your own background check - It doesn't say how much you have to pay. It would be easy to stop all gun sales by making the background check cost $5,000.00 - or even less.All democrats want to do is strip strip and keep right on stripping the American people of their rights. Thank God my state of North Carolina for the first time in over 100yrs voted Republicans back in all two chambers and the governorship.

Grandstanding on tragedy. How sick.

Politics up front, making the easy decision and not considering the enforceability of the new rules...makes for a lame duck...Huck...don't be a fool...I too am saddened by the loss of children and family to violence...but you really can't legislate insanity...can you?

Columbine was carried out using illegal weapons to begin with, so making more laws seems kinda pointless.

Colorado's govenor is stupid and so too is quite a lot of his constituents

Colo a good place to be from

I live in CO and Hickenlooper is the biggest wus! He's such a lib-boy. I heard he brakes for butterflies!

States with stricter gun laws have WAY lower suicide rates. Other methods of suicide are less effective, allowing people in dire straits to be rescued and undergo therapy to improve their lives.

Proud to be a Colorado liberal. If you don't like it here, then move back to Texas.

The Demoncratic party just turned Colorado into a target range for any criminal. Gov. Dayton and his fellow Demoncrats want to do the same in Minnesota. This Demoncratic party should have as their motto: TO ENSLAVE AND CONTROL, WE MUST FIRST DISARM.Maybe a Hitler or a Stalin will only operate in Colorado or New York and other states that are disarming there people.

That will not stop anything ! A person for whatever reason who intends to do something bad does not give a "poop" about any new law ! Start hanging murderors , yes they are insane and that does not give them the right to keep on living for murdering innocent people !

All three of the shootings were Illegal, oh! that's right the President said " Not Illegal Just Undocumented" Sorry! US is is almost to He l in a handbasket already anyway ,

Come to Oklahoma, we don't put up with this kind of #$%$.

OMG I can't register for a conceal permit on the Internet anymore??  I have to reload more often!!  I have to prove I'm not crazy!!  What ever will I do?You gun nuts are such fanatics about this it borders on comedy.

Obama's going to send in the National Guard which was established under the second amendment to prevent any insurrections from getting a foothold.

Tired of these Republicrats yet? Wished you voted for a Real American Patriot now? Like Ron Paul or Gary Johnson(New Mexico Governor)?

The bill passed both chambers remember that. Vote these parties out go Libertarian. Keep your freedom.

Well thats fine Colo....you just make sure that Fatso in North Korea do'nt Nuke me

Why have laws at all? Clearly they don't work. I mean everyday millions of people are not deterred from illegal activity by laws. Nope never happens. And the most lawless countries in the world are also not the most violent and crime ridden where no one but the ruling class has rights while in those countries where rule of law prevails people do not live in general peace, especially in countries with strict gun laws (less gun crime and less violence and less crime overall). Nope not at all.Oh wait, I was being brainwashed by Redneckism. Switching over to reality and thinking for myself I find that all of the above is clearly false as mountains of evidence show everyday.“You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the great struggle for independence.”--- Attributed to Charles Austin Beard (1874-1948)Beware the liberals seeking to strip your rights and enslave you to the service of big government mandates.

But pot is legal...

We need a law to require a psychiatric eval before anyone can buy a gun.  If that was the law, the majority of the right wing gun nuts would fail.  They couldn't get guns and that would be a good thing.  I have some right wing gun nuts in my family, and these people should not have guns.  They are crazy and I stay as far from them as I can.

These are unConstitutional and vote these Libtards out.

This bozo just kissed POTUS goodbye.  Milksop Mitt Romney signed an assault weapons ban as governor of Massachusettes and lost POTUS twice, but Obama was smart enough to wait until AFTER he was reelected to a second term before he sold you out on gun control.

The reich wing hypocrisy is very amusing. For years, they have hooted and hollered about states rights. Now? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!

I guess he needs to find out how many sheriffs he can get to actually enforce it.As the top law enforcement agent in their county those sheriffs have the authority to stop any other law enforcement agency from enforcing it as well. It doesn't matter if they are city state or federal. all must submit to the authoruty of the sheriff of the county they are in.

If America is going to survive this liberal outbreak it will all be told if and when this governor is reelected.  If he is then Colorado is doomed forever I am afraid and slowly America will die off.  If they vote him and most of the unamericans out, This country still has a chance.  We will see come next election.

mmmmm, shall not be infringed? Whats going on with that?

I wonder where he'll be working after the next election!!!This is what happened to Colorado: When the socialist policies in California, caused that state to crash, it sent tens of thousands of its citizens fleeing to neighboring states such as Colorado. However these California transplants didn't learn their lesson and are now trying to spread the same leftist policies that destroyed California into their new home of Colorado.

Legislating for the lowest common denominator....it makes me sick!

The state of Colorado doesn't recognize federal drug laws, it won't pass Jessicas law, Colorado citizens should do the same.

Newtown, Connecticut.  fema3-66 it fake people where was the 600+ kid  where was life flight nothing there to take care of the kid all run was block.  obama just wants our guns

In a way this is humorous. All these right-wing gun fanatics, who wouldn't know the difference between the Constitution and a label on a can of soup, congregate on this board to show solidarity in a lost cause. Makes them feel better. But it's still a lost, misguided cause.

Funny how it takes a year to work out the marijuana laws which WE voted in, but it takes all of weeks to kill our 2nd amendment! I know i will be voting red come election time! F U Dems you have just ruined our nation!

I thought Amendment 64 was gun control.

Bye bye Colorado, sad to see ya go................

Californication of Colorado. Thank God. As a gun owner, I support these laws 100%.

So, when does "Obummer" start banning crooked and corrupt politicians if he's such a great president? And when does he plan on scr3wing with the term limits of his presidency to make himself king of America?This whole thing stinks to high Heaven even though America is going straight to hell...It has not passed the house, and may not. And if the Governor pushes it, it can be struck down BY congress. Wait and see...

An the moment the governor signs the bills all criminals, and citizens will turn in their 15+ round magazines, the state will collect a lot of $$ from background checks and people will register their guns, these bills will prevent another massacre! And yes they will live happily in Colorado, kind or like Alice in Wonderland!

And he will be rewarded with a pat on the head from Obama, and blessings from Holder to proceed with selling marijuana.

It`s all up to the people of Colorado to remember the names of those who voted on these crazy bills.And NO JESSICA law.Just show`s how smart the DEM`s are.Get behind the sherriff of Greely and support him.

Kolorado voter's need to remember these #$%$ Kommunists when they have their next free elections, and vote to return their state back to America, its Constitution and it's Bill of Rights that these current POS politicians wish to ignore.

Despite having no family in CO, my husband's family reunion is in CO in June. I wish that it wasn't to late to change it-as I would rather not spend my $$$ in a state that trashes the second amendment. God Bless Texas. Molon Labe!

I hoped he would have vetoed all of this. What a spineless jellyfish. Say good bye to your office next election. My heart goes out to all legal gun owners in Colorado.

Well I know they will all feel real safe now. Knowing the Pot heads can have 3 or 4  15 round clips while smokin a few joints and being good and loaded..and out shootin their weapons waitin for their backgroud checks gettin back while the other pot heads are robbin their homes....And that ammo Magazine Mfg plant ya have will move to Texas..Maybe some of the Texas Gays will come up and get hitched..Fair exchange.

MOLON LABE you son of a #$%$. The blackmarket started by Eric Holder will reverse it's flow and those guns will be available here soon, obtw they have  been converted to selective fire, full auto capable for all you liberal sleeze.

Can we all say good-bye to our rights as free men and ladies that we are as adults can not  make the choice and be trustted with any amount of ammo we can put in our rifles,,,,since when did i sign my life over to the government,,to decide for me,,,what i can and can not doLet the revolution begin.

used to spend a couple grand hunting in Colorado. I'll miss hunting there.

I can't do it but this man's head will be on a stick one day for selling us out....

Can we make Colorado  part of Mexico?

I hope you still have connections in the food industry because you will be back washing dishes soon. Idiot

15 rounds not enough to shred a menacing doe or 1st grader tough guy gun phucks? How about the sheriffs spending less time in the parking lot at Carl's Jr, sleeping off 3 BBQ Bacon Cheddar Burgers and hitting the streets to get the criminals guns so these bills become moot. How's that grab ya fatties?

Open rebellion is called for.

his (political)  life is over

Im Pro choice . Im American .

I sincerely hope you(The Governor of Colorado) doesn't expect to be reelected not a chance with all those ranchers and country people ot there. You have sealed your fate both for Governor and any other office. Don't even think about coming East we don't want you or your family.Amigo's when we illegals get citizenship we will vote for the Democrats. Den all you law abiding Americans will not have a gun but ha ha we will because we no care about laws. Colorado was a place I enjoyed on vacations I may just need to Boycott  Colorado. Montana is a nice place to visit.

Boycott CO

almost bought a house in Colorado....guess not now.

THE FACTS ABOUT BAVKGROUND CHECKSBackground checks are already done on every firearm purchase madethrough an  FFL dealer which includes all retail stores and FFl  dealers atall gun  shows. All internet or mail purchases must be shipped first to anFFL dealer for a background check before the customer can take possessionof the firearm. In Texas if you buy more than one firearm at a time theSheriff in the county where you live is notified by law . Currently thereis no permanent record of that background check or what kind of firearmwas purchased. So if I bought a firearm at one store and immediatelywalked across the street and bought another firearm at another storeI would have to go through another background check. What GUN OWNERSare AGAINST is the new laws want to make the background check and thefirearm purchased a permanent record which constitutes REGISTRATION.Registration is the first step to confiscation and IT AIN’T GONNA HAPPEN!The only concession I would be willing to make is to have background ckeckson private owner sales at gun shows as long as it stays the same as it is nowwith no permanent record kept.

THE FACTS ABOUT BAVKGROUND CHECKSBackground checks are already done on every firearm purchase madethrough an  FFL dealer which includes all retail stores and FFl  dealers atall gun  shows. All internet or mail purchases must be shipped first to anFFL dealer for a background check before the customer can take possessionof the firearm. In Texas if you buy more than one firearm at a time theSheriff in the county where you live is notified by law . Currently thereis no permanent record of that background check or what kind of firearmwas purchased. So if I bought a firearm at one store and immediatelywalked across the street and bought another firearm at another storeI would have to go through another background check. What GUN OWNERSare AGAINST is the new laws want to make the background check and thefirearm purchased a permanent record which constitutes REGISTRATION.Registration is the first step to confiscation and IT AIN’T GONNA HAPPEN!The only concession I would be willing to make is to have background ckeckson private owner sales at gun shows as long as it stays the same as it is nowwith no permanent record kept.

Sportsman stop spending you money id Co.

Hey dumb media!!! Report all of the Gun Magazine bill.   I bet you don't even know that giving a weapon to someone to practice with is a crime now!!!   Well if Gov. Hickenlooper signs it.  Which he will because he is an idiot and thinks the gun magazine size is gonna prevent people from being killed.

When the 2nd Civil War starts hell is going to fill up with Democrats fast. All those babies they murdered in the womb will look down at them from heaven and laugh.

Make sure to sign the petition at CHANGE DOT ORG to get him recalled! SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED UPON!

Point of law, I believe the U.S. Constitution trumps any State statue. The US Constitution provides citizens with the right to bear arms but if they have a felony conviction that right is forfeited (as is the right to vote).Why make more laws when the US Constitution already provides a complete statue . Let's enforce what is already a law that is convicted felons cannot own any firearms.  While we're at it let's start enforcing Federal immigration and Alien laws as well.I hope everyone is taking notes on just who is taking away our 2nd amendment rights. We need to vote EACH and EVERY one of them OUT of office.

Legalized weed and gun control? I'm moving to Colorado.

Listen to all the bold empty yellow talk from people who know no one is coming for their guns, yet they need to lie about it anyway.

I feel safer already.....wait, will any new laws stop people who break laws already on the books..NO!

Oh well I guess I won't be spending any of my money in Colorado ever again.

Colorado's new state motto "potentia absoluta corrumpit absolute"

Welcome to "CALORADO"  !!!

Sounds better than the New York laws.  7 rounds?  And I will NEVER register my weapons.  Go Missouri!

We can #$%$ and moan about this all we want, but nobody will ever do anything about it. We need some heroes.

What a bunch of stinking political baloney. All these gun laws are only disarming law abiding citizens. Criminals don't abide by the law, never have, and never will. Foolish and corrupt politicians that do nothing to protect the public. I would be more protected by having a concealed carry permit instead of one hundred useless gun restriction laws.I think a Ya-tard is screening my posts.  It's probably somene mad that they don't get to work from home anymore.

These laws will hurt the good, law abiding people of Colorado.  The crooks should be happy... easy pickings!

I would not recomend signing anything to prevent someone'sSolution. Our Country depends on Justice to flow at times being well prepared is the bestdefense. There should be more progress in the future by something more suitableTo prevent crime with perhaps California just needs to make sure they keepgun owners happy. lots be more fortunate by increasing also the generation of funds.

Its the mafia running the state of Colorado the gay mafia!

Gun control, what an absolute government farce. If you want to be serious then ban smoking within 200 feet of others. Approximately 11, 000 people die each year due to homicide with guns. Over 400,000 die from smoking, over 50,000 of those from second hand smoke. Isn't that murder as well? It is also more painful than death by gunshot. Banning smoking period would eliminate over $100 billion in direct medical costs and supposedly another $100 billion in lost production. Dear lawmakers: I quit smoking 8 years ago but I will not give up my guns and ammo. Used to think Republican's had some balls but they now kiss Pharaoh's butt long and deep. I am ashamed of our gutless Colorado lawmakers.

"Declaring, “I am not a dictator,” President Barack Obama urged Americans....... "The FIRST President of the USA that has been quoted having to say this......go figure....

Bad guys don't do background checks.. Wake up all you f--king stuip Dems..

IDIOT!!!!!

It will be a lesson to watch where this guys career goes from here

Know thy enemy.democrats tell us that we can't require photo id's to vote because millions do not have photo id's. If true how can you do background checks on people with no photo id

Whats that little word I'm trying to recall, IDIOTS, yea, thats it........

Yea this has got the criminal element there really shakin in their boots, or laughin their a.s.s.e.s. off , or rubbing their grimy little hands together in antisapation.all those unarmed or might as well be victims, be like shootin fish in a barrel.

Maybe this state should concentrate on why it happened &amp; deal with that issue rather than just blame it on the guns &amp; punishing the guns.  How about stricter prisons, how about cut out A/C &amp; heat in those prisons &amp; stick them in tents with no TV's or basketball courts???  How about creating an atmosphere inside a prison that says this is hard time, not club med.  How about do something to DETER criminals from repeating crimes????  How about you get the media in check with its so called investigating reporting &amp; the 8 billion analysts they bring on.  How about limit the media to only one time report only &amp; never mention the suspects name.  How about telling the media to stop broadcasting the suspect name &amp; face all over the news like he is some sort of freaking hero.  I think there are more things to deal with first than limit the amount of rounds to 15.  Not sure about the idiot that passed that law but it doesnt take long to reload a pistol with 15 rounds or 30 rounds.  Next time, they will carry knives &amp; start stabbing people instead of shooting.  We going to ban knives being longer than an inch to be removed completely from the country??????

Time to vote him out, Gun Laws only punish the Law abiding, just because you put a ban on something, doesn't mean it disappears. more and more stricter the laws, means more and more crimes and shootings. Another thing that disgusts me is the fact that James Holmes is still alive, he should have had the death penalty served to him by now, but NO he could be mental or a actor so we need to decide if he's too mental to be killed for what he did.

no mention of the mass shootings in chicago...where gun control laws have been in effect

Finally some politicians with gomads !

no vote for you next time and not for the rest that initiated and voted this in...

This will fix everything!  It's like giving cough syrup to someone with a skinned knee.

And not one criminal will care about 3 more laws, only the law abiding citizens. Lameheckpecker is a f*****g moron.

My concern is all the pretty ladies. If this drives them away....I'm against it.

He forgot that he swore to protect the 2nd amendment. I guess many do. I hope those Sheriff Departments don't cave in.

Unfortunately they will not have to come and get them. Under stiff penaltys we will turn them in out of fear. Once the background checks etc give the Government a data base of all our guns they will only come after the ones that aren't turned in. And of course the Gov knows that these laws will not protect anyone except the bad guys, that is not their agenda.

Go ahead and pass those bills, those gun companies are coming our way. By the way thanks in advance.

Good, we shall soon see about a certain Sheriff in Weld county.

Colorados main problem is that it ran by #$%$.

If these loudmouthed, all-talk wingnuts ever did plan a Toy Soldier Revolution(TM), I already have a foolproof plan to end it before it gets off the ground. I would just announce a monster truck rally in every major city on the same day. Nobody would make it to the revolution with that must-see entertainment in their town. Problem solved, and home in time for dinner...

I Congratulate Colorado for passing these new stricter gun laws  and I hope other states follow!

Myth: The 2nd Amendment disallows gun regulation.Reality: The government already regulates gun sales to minors, criminals and the mentally unstable, supported by the SCOTUS decision (Heller 2008).Reality: States with stricter gun laws have lower gun violence.Reality: City gun laws are rendered less effective due to lax gun laws of surrounding states.Fantasy: The NRA Utopia where everyone carries a gun. Accidental shootings would go viral.Look at the criminals lining up to turn in their guns and hi-cap mags. LOL @ Democrats.

Happy to see that we have some politician with a brain and intellectual understanding of our gun problem

So the Sheriffs are not going enforce the law.  While they are at it, my registration is due on my vehicle, my drivers license is renewing and my auto insurance is renewing.  I been a law abiding citizen.  Never had a moving violation in 10 yrs, never had an insurance cliam in over 10yrs so why should I be subject to these laws?   So while you are at it Sheriffs, no need to enforce mandatory vehcile registration, mandatory auto insurance..etc.

Gee now only 15 first graders heads can be exploded in a minute. Boy there goes freedom right pssy lard #$%$ gun phucks?

Another minion of Binko Obama.....un chulito controlado.....when Binko sez poop..the govenor asks.....what color, sir.

Why do you need more than 15 rounds? what do you expect to happen that you would ever need to have a arsenal in your house. this wolverine mentality is fed by the right wing media. listen to peopel like Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh and what they do is scare peoepl then they turn around and sell stuff, gold and the 19.95 OBAMA CARE survival guide. they are playing you for fools, why is it that when over 90% of AMericans beleive that backround check for purchase of a gun is fine, personnelly I would like to see every gun have a title just like an car or truck. and if you sell it it needs to be transfered and a new title issued.

Go ahead and sign it dirtbag, you just ensured that you won't get another term!

To the good govenor and legislature of Colorado: I will never again visit your state, nor do buisness with any company with a Colorado address.To the good people of Colorado: I am sorry for your loss. Please get rid of these clowns.

Good.

Recall Hickenlooper now!Sign the petition at CHANGE DOT ORG and spread it everywhere! Let's get this fool out now!Aurora, CO is America's 9th safest city, says Forbes mag, in spite of media attention to theater massacre. Governor's anti-gun rights law are without merit.

Great job Governor John Hickenlooper , Lead the way to show what the Well regulated in theSecond Amendment means. No where does it states you have to have these types of weapons, nor 15 rounds in a clip. Firearm Owners Protection Act.May of 1986 Reagan signed it into law that prohibited the registration of new machine guns for civilian use. The Firearm Owners' Protection Act (FOPA), Pub.L. 99–308, 100 Stat. 449, enacted May 19, 1986, codified at 18 U.S.C. § 921 et seq., is a United States federal law that revised many statutes in the Gun Control Act of 1968

These laws will be overturned by the voters in November.Why do politician's not represent the will of the people who elected them.He signs a a gay union bill that 80% of Coloradans are against.

I guess political dissent is no longer allowed on Yahoo comments.  The admins censoring what, 4 out of 6 comments.

almost bought a house in Colorado....guess not now.

Fire that mutherucker now.  Any law that is unconstitutional is immediately null , void and unenforcable !!

It's OK. 3d printers are here. You can just print any firearm you want. The age of gun control is over. These politicians and their policies are just the last gasps of a bygone era attempting to survive for a few more years before liberty in manufacturing makes them obsolete.

So are you going to wait till wednesday to start your civil war, or are you thinking maybe the weekend is better for you?

Sniper militia start forming now outside the Colorado capital building. Lets take our country back.

Obama 2016!HATERS GON' hate !!and playas gon play!Wayne LaPierre is the Martin Short's sweating, nervous "Nathan Thurm" character from the old SNL days. And every bit as convincing.

I am proud of my state for leading the way to help make guns safer for responsible people. The smaller clip and the background checks do absolutely nothing to those who wish to hunt or do target practice. This is a fair compromise.

Biased and incomplete reporting in multiple areas. Not the least, no mention that the guv and both houses are run solely by democrats. And the votes broke on party lines. Republicans wanted no part of this rape of the constitution.

Blah, blah, blah. Just keep your "Whack Job" Colorado residents from being able to move to Texas. Same with Connecticuters and those crazy Californians! Gun violence statistics by US cities are easily found on Wiki. Get better info from free press. -CNPI Committee to Not Promote Ignorance! Am I being profiled whenever I post here?!......? Remember, You are too..Can't be too safe, we do have enemies!

Ban them all Governor. Please!

IT Has BEGUN

Way to stimulate the economy #$%$ole, one of the leading mag manufactures said they will move to China if this unconstitutional gun bill passes.

Change dot org has a petition to recall him. Please do your part and sign it and spread it like EVERYWHERE!

he needs to wake up and smell the gun powder

Jessica's law couldn't be signed by this libtard governor, it would actually help reduce crime.have ya read the constitution lately? bill of rights anyone? it state that these are domestic terrorists, look it up, its actually illegal to sign these and support them. if you are struggling with english i suggest going back to school.

I was curious about the price of ammunition so I went to a discount online seller. EVERY bullet, except for a few, is listed out of stock. Something is VERY fishy here. Could anyone please explain this to me?

SOB'S

I won't be seen in CO again.

Too bad for him that most people bought their guns right after the Lanza shooting because they knew this would happen. You are TOO LATE, governor............

Meanwhile, mentally ill people with no criminal background can still walk the streets and buy guns.And homeowners had better be good shots and hope they don't have to defend themselves from multiple number of bad guys cuz having less than 15 rounds ain't gonna last long.Columbine and the theatre shooting would have still happened under this law. Yet Colorodo legalizes marijuana but refuses to pass Jessica's law that stiffens penalties for child molestors.U can thank a Democrat next year by not voting for them.

Well hopefully he will be man enough to rescind those laws we he realizes that crime and criminals dont give a S%!T about the lame paper laws our government is forcing down all the law abiding citizens throats. Our nation is falling apart internally and the elected officials just keep accelerating the process.

Molon Labe!

I hope they see the expected sudden drop in gun crimes they are looking for

oh my gersh! nows ther wonts be anymore kriminalz!AZ has ok'ed the posting of ARMED security officers in rural schools.  If you want your children protected, come here.  COLORADO has now opened the doors to criminals "gun-free" means come on in!

This ISN"T just about guns, people.  Read the comments.  The intensity of emotion,the level of anger, the crude vilification of any opposing viewpoint, the bitter name calling,the extreme hyper-sensitivity and knee-jerk defensiveness of the "firearms enthusiasts"is so grossly out of proportion to the minor regulatory modifications actually under consideration that there must be something far deeper and more primitive going on psychologically.  The reactions, to put it bluntly, are expressions of infantile rage.No mature human being overreacts to this extent unless they feel that somethingcrucial and central to their well being is subject to immediate threat.  If all of the currently proposed gun control changes are passed, signed and approved by the courts, not one single gun currently owned in the United States will become illegal or will be confiscated.  The responses indicate clinical level fear and paranoia.  This is all about male insecurity, power and weakness, and since firearms are the ultimate phallic symbol, this is about castration anxiety and impotence, both literal and figurative.  On the farthest fringes, are those who believe that Sandy Hook was a hoax, that this is an issue worthy of a Civil Warand that their Government is planning to enslave them, incarcerate them in camps oreven kill them.  Such people are deeply disturbed individuals who need treatment fortheir mental illness.

VOTE HIM OUT

"OMG my constitutional rights are being violated."Wake up. The constitution was written when you were lucky to fire 7 rounds a minute. Thankfully, the founding fathers were smart people and realized the constitution would not always be perfect, allowing for amendments to keep up with the current times.Or maybe y'all are just complaining because you are terrible hunters that need more than 15 rounds to kill your deer?

Guns and religion are the GOP staples....can't get enough of either.

Run them out of office.  Only good news, one of our reps in PA joined in to Welcome Magpul and any other honest businesses to move to PA now that they will pack it up and leave Co..  You would think loss of business, jobs and rights would be enough for the people of Colorado to stand up for their rights.  All of their forefathers are rolling in their graves with shame.

This is only the beginning. There won't be any civil war, unless you have decided to shoot the 80% of our population that is unarmed.

Gun nuts are going to get us all killed.

our forefathers wrote the 2nd amendment when a muzzle loader was the assault weapon of the day. If they could see what we have done with weapons and technology, they would freak the hell out.

Come on, everybody knows... it's that thin mountain air...makes you crazy...makes you want to kill... makes you want to consume human flesh...is cannibalism a big problem in Colorado? Maybe they should take care of that problem before harassing the nice firearms ownersThese Bundists are trying to ruin America.

The colorado laws aren't really unreasonable so far...New market for 15 round AR-15 magazines, lol.  The NewYork politicians can kiss my posterior..7 rounds. really?..Don't see me moving to New York ever anyway...so the #$%$ can have it.

GOOD....

It takes 1-2 hrs or up to 5 days and several hundred dollars to buy a gun legally.It takes 1-2 hrs and $25 to manufacture a gun at home, and there is no way to restrict who can do it.

welcome to the sociallism country of colorado

Second Amendment.......going, going, gone..........we need to wake up

As a Colorado native, I have to feel proud that we had the nerve to actually stand up to the big arms manufacturers, their lobbyists and the minority that are convinced that the Army is gonna come for their guns in the middle of the night. There are plenty of very rational reasons to own a gun, including hunting, marksmanship and self-defense, but limits on both the kind of guns (and magazines) available to the public and how they are sold is only common sense. Some states may decide otherwise, and that should probably remain their right. Texas can require every citizen to have a gun at all times, and that's fine for those who want to live like that, but I think most of us here in Colorado would prefer a little peace and quiet.

Oops. Be prepared for some serious #$%$-and-moaning.

Now we can be sure there will never be another mass shooting in CO now !! Whew !! Only 48 states to go. Then we will be a peaceful docile people and no one will ever get shot again.

and the sun will shine and the world will be safer and liberty will have been lost.What the "liberal media" hasn't done a good job of telling people is the recent report stating that the states/cities with the most strict gun laws have fewer incidences of gun crime and death resulting from guns.  Huh.....

it will be overturned in the supreme court.

Ya know, how about if we just make murdering someone illegal? Would make things a lot simpler...oh wait we already did that....so tell me again how banning certain guns is gonna do what?

Ha ha Colorado! Reap what you sow... Punish the law abiding is the answer apparently. Fools... Keep letting your gov control you! Land of the Free is a thing of the past in CO.

Disband the N(azis) R(uining) A(merican) !

The division is moving East. Whole damn nation is so polarized over things that should have never even been proposed let alone voted on by elected officials.

And Thursday morning, criminals will line up outside police stations to turn over their illegal magazines....?

I, nor my family, will ever hunt, fish, or vacation in Colorado again. We'll go spend our time and money in a more "common sense" state.

You can't keep illegal drugs off the street, what makes you think you can keep illegal guns off the street?

How much does a background check cost and will you need to get one each time you buy a weapon or amunition?  Thanks a lot you ba$ta8d$.  Control Idiots, not law abiding gun owners.youre all crazy, the elections dont mean #$%$.the laws are passing and before you know it the only people going to be allowed to own guns, will be the governments private soldiers.then they can rape youre wives and children and murder the men who try and stop them.this is why our founding fathers wrote the constitution to protect us. but we sat at home and let this happen.

I knew Colorado was in trouble when they all  the left wing nuts from California move in to their state.  God help Colorado

columbine shooting:Hi Point 995, 13 magazines, fired at least 98 rounds.On April 20, Harris was equipped with a 12-gauge Savage-Springfield 67H pump-action shotgun, (which he discharged a total of 25 times) and a Hi-Point 995 Carbine 9 mm carbine with thirteen 10-round magazines, which he fired a total of 96 times.Yeah, limiting magazines to 15rds would be real significant /sarcasmLook at what was used at Columbine... 10, yeah 10 rd magazines.

A wonderful day in our states history..thank you heroes in downtown denver...gun worshippers..you dont like it...GET THE F OUT..you wont be missed...Magpuss is leaving so can you

lickenpooper is an IDIOT!

Honestly I'd love to see them take my guns, if needed I can hit up some old friends from my old way of life and end up with tall assault rifles

One of these days, there is going to be a real shooting in colorado. Like 300 killed and wounded. It's just a matter of time. Just an accident waiting to happen. People can see the writing on the wall. Gun mfg have made a law that says that they cannot be held liable. They have learned from cigarette mfgs. So who else is there to blame.

You people need to just throw that bum out of office and out of the state, just don't send him to Georgia.

Silly mortals, tricks are for kids!

To make any impact on gun violence we will need universal background checks. Not just in one state. There is too much illegal gun trafficking crossing state lines.How come there is no discussion on or bills being passed on the people using a gun in a crime    I think if you use a gun. Found guilty In a court of law. Then your done. Life in prison in a room with a 40watt light never see the light of day again.  Get hard  I think it was Ohio governed let a convicted  murder off death row cause bless his heart.  He was fat.  Now what does that say to people wanting to use a gun in a crime???? Just asking.

There should be one governor for Denver and then another CONSERVATIVE for the rest of us!LUCK FIBERALS!

Three cheers for this Governor. We really need to act like a civilized nation, not a bunch of hooligans. The wild west is over. Let's all act civilized.

Im a future mass murderer and I sure dont care about all the lives im going to take, but by golly I'll make sure not to use any magazine that holds more than 15 rounds!!! How ridiculous

A step in the right direction.

You got a law thar says only 15 rounds in the clip.Does that mean I can only have 15 joints in my pocket?

Didn't columbine happen during the assault weapons ban years and when extended mags were illegal? --Oh libtards. --When tree of liberty needs watering.... Yours shall do just fine.

Three things-maxiimum 15 round clip, background checks and paying for the same.  Got to give Wayne LaPierre and the NRA credit for leading the sheep to believe this is taking your guns away.  If you suffer from a severe case of NRA imposed paranoia, then yes this is the end of the world and the sky is truly falling.

In CT Malloy's panel decided to confiscate our legally registered "assault weapons" if their recommendations become law. They said they felt bad about legal gun owners but did it for the children. They will be using the information within the registrations. All handgun and some rifles are registered in my state.

Enough with the moaning and crying over the 2nd Amendment.  Madison authored it when we were being invaded every 6 yrs. on average by England, Spain &amp; France.  Black powder single shot guns.  We have 1st Amendment rights that are also regulated...yell 'bomb' on a plane, see how it goes.Good. The NRA needs a swift kick in the nuts.

I heard that the govenor is pro illegal and wants to exempt them from the gun law.

Australia Protests Gun Ban Wake Up American Your Next.flvwatch?v=BoLSk_BjGuoGun Control in the UK &amp; Their Warning to the U.S.watch?v=GfTzPfdzFBY

Here's an idea for all those sheriffs that don't want to enforce the legislation- stop cramming Krispy Kreme's into you triple chinned yaps and go get the guns from the criminals than the new laws would be moot. How's that grab ya, Fife's?

This is wonderful news. I hope more states follow Colorado's lead. I don't know where the gun fanatics will go, and neither do I care. Maybe they'll leave the country--and good riddance.

much info about s.s.r.i. problems.never ever would i put that in my brain and blood stream.

Demoralization, destabilization, crisis and, new laws. Changing society by design. Peace!

It finally starts... :))))

Hopefully these laws will be just as effective in eliminating gun homicides as the death penalty is.  Cannot have enough of these great laws. They are so effective.  More laws, more laws, chant with me everybody, more laws, more laws.

Good !!!Good to see that Colorado understands how despicable assault weapons and huge magazines are. Some sanity in the NRA world of lies is welcomed.

All Negr0es and honkeys are really shameless. In fact, they must arming all Negr0es and honkeys to keep murdering one another. All Negr0es and honkeys are real worthless rubbish and there is absolutely no why to keep them alive.

its sad to see such a knee jerk reaction that will be worthless!!

Do you have a license to go hunting? That would be a Regulation of you right to bare arms. “Infringement” does not exclude regulation. Do you need a license for fully auto weapons? yes you do that is a regulation not an infringement.As to your Fist Amendment Rights "Abridgment" does exclude regulation, that is the differences between the first and second Amendments. both have limits as to safety!As late as DC v Heller the Supreme Court stated that;“Like most rights, the right secured by the Second Amendment is not unlimited…”.-“…not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose.”“Nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms.”“We also recognize another important limitation on the right to keep and carry arms. Miller (an earlier case) said, as we have explained, that the sorts of weapons protected were those “in common use at the time”. We think that limitation is fairly supported by the historical tradition of prohibiting the carrying of ‘dangerous and unusual weapons.’ ”DC v Heller, the majority opinion, written by conservative bastion Justice Antonin Scalia.

Blocked because it doesn't match your agenda?  Admin your a loser.

YeeeeeHaaaaw!!! My old lady jus baught me a brand new spankin fishin poll!!!

I guess he decided he didn't want to be governor any longer....sort of like those democrats who came up with those Anti-American bills to start with.  Vote them all out and put some real Americans in there who care about the Constitution and American freedom.  If you don't want a gun then just don't buy one.  I don't go around attacking the rights of other people when I don't agree with them, so why do they think they need to attack mine?

another F@$#%!N IDOIT!!!!!

Ban the guns,Ban the magazines,Ban the ammo. The crazies will still get these wheather we like it or not.The thumbs down guys will do what they do.but its an unfortunate truth

Ban the guns,Ban the magazines,Ban the ammo. The crazies will still get these wheather we like it or not.The thumbs down guys will do what they do.but its an unfortunate truthThe individuals that submit to background checks are not the problem. No matter how many laws are enacted, criminals will still have guns. Have the death penalty for anyone killing another. It will not be a detterent, but it will eliminate a portion of society that we no longer need.

Given the comments, there needs be be mental health screening , prior to the purchase of a weapon, all over the country.

all because of  adam lansa dam him

Quit electing liberals people!

R)EDNECKS and their guns, dont worry Obama has a cure for that.

all because of  adam lansa dam him

Not really necessary. Weed is legal. Lots of people are chill now.

Colorado Law Enforcement has already come forth and stated that these new gun control measures will not be enforced.So pass w/e "Law" you want Governor.. whatever makes you feel like you are doing something.Meanwhile in the REAL world we will be keeping our guns and magazines.

Oh on another article talking about 12 county sheriffs who have said that they will not enforce these laws because it simply is impossible.  One of the sheriffs pictured is the guy who had to deal with a School Shooting back in 2006.  I was there.  He was shaken by it.  And the fact he is saying these laws are #$%$ laws. SAYS A LOT!!!Btw, look up Colorado House bill 1224, that is the magazine limit bill.   Notice the wording in it.   The part the media doesn't tell you.

Another dog and pony show.What happened was horrible,and evil.New gun laws are not going to prevent this from happening in the future. We need to take what we have and enforce them.The only thing that was accomplished was making the American public that obey the laws angry.Hickenlooper looks like a degenerate throw-back caulk-sucker...

4 or 5 15's will take care of any criminals wildest dream.. Those bills are sure to stop the next outbreak.. thanx alot gov hickenlooper you just saved the world...

Judging by the comments, people have a tough time with reading comprehension here. Wonder if the gun nuts would be happy if the TSA would follow the same logic that the NRA pushes when they try to protect the flying public from the crazies...???

Gov. Stinkenpopper your times up.

COLRADOOOOOOOO is not this.

Once the bill is signed, it becomes the law. take it or live it.

Good. Start at state level. If Montana and other open areas don't want gun laws fine. Let the cities at least regulate their own areas.

colorado blue state rocky mountain high.

Colorado Democrats say, "Illicit Drugs Great! Home Defense ILLEGAL!"

Can any yall spare a couple blocks for my ole pickup?Gun supporters please stop the LIE! Government is not trying to take your guns!

This garbage state in particular needs to disarm.  They turned over their streets to druggie trash.  You don't let people like that have guns.  What kind of idiot walks up to a druggie stoned offhisass and hand him a gun?  Right.  Disarm, subdue.  It's either/or.  They want to be druggie trash stoned all the time, fine.  Then give up your guns.  We're getting sick and tired of burying our kids.  Dead kids don't give a damn about your 2nd amendment.  Give them up.

and I'll sign for a hitlist

He made a progressive move legalizing marijuana.But now Coloradans wont be able to defend themselves.

Now that Colorado's esteemed lawmakers have made it easier for rapists to prey on defenseless women, they'll go back to work banning whistles because of the sudden high influx of noise pollution.

There is absolutely no reason for anyone to own a semi or fully automatic assault weapon with high-capacity clips or magazines.  More guns equals more deaths.  Congratulations to the sensible people in Colorado.

The sheep will get it sooner or later.

Well it's official, guns and multiple round magazines are bad,bad,bad, in Colorado but smoking pot is healthy and harmless unlike evil guns. Saw a pic of a woman from the Colorado legislature showing the whistle she was wearing around her neck. She had obviously signed on to the gun laws and I don't know why she has any worry. With the magazine limits and new gun laws she and her colleagues have passed assure a crime free Colorado except for some innocent law abiding citizen who mistakenly runs afoul of the law somehow as knee jerk passed laws are so often flawed and criminalize the law abiding.

What about the criminals.  Whatchagonnado CO to find the unmarked guns?

Your loss CO!Now our country has another state for the thugs to move into.  Sit back and watch the crime rate skyrocket as home invaders with assault weapons know they have the advantage.  I was going to retire in South Carolina because it's a beautiful state, but not any more.  I'm sure I'll find another beautiful state to spend my tax dollars upon retirement.

Good!

what you people do not understand is that the wording in these bills ban all fire- arms . so the minte he signs it he will be comminting a feloney. so too the people of colarado demand he be arested and if the pollice do not do there jobs then you should all go too the capital and make an citiziens arest of the govenor. the second amendment can not! be infringed!  what about this do you stuiped #$%$ dems don't get?

Buy an AR-15 with extended magazine and shove it up LaPierre's #$%$zz and pull the trigger.

The Sherrifs in Colorado have said they will not support or enforce this stupid pandering legislation. As many people are aware of the terrible incidence's that have happened in  Colorado and Connecticut these should be reminders we need to work with the Laws already that are in place first.  If these Socialist/Communist continue to try to push this stuff through Colorado stands to LOOOOOSE a whole lot of tax $$$$$$ plus face more unemployment while they will in the long run face even more crime problems as history shows.  The real Americans that still live in Colorado are the ones who end up paying as they loose more of their FREEDOMS and some will leave the state and loosing good people in the process.

I am voting for ANYONE but Frickenlooper

police WILL NOT enforce... the Bill.. is meaningless...

the nras are all foaming at the mouth here today.They are barely 1% of the US population but think they can dictate for all of us.And Wayne stop sending me those emergency notices and last chance to renew my nra membership.You've been doing it for the last 20 years since I quit.I don't want a free nra sport bag,tote case,backpack or the magazines.I don't need you anymore than i need a tommygun with a 200 round drum.The day  you can tell the truth is the day i'll come back.

Keene has yellow teeth.

Just gotta go to Cheyenne to buy my guns I guess.get your guns folks... civil war. is in the air..

How many rounds that dishwasher idiot had who used to work for "Governator" and killed that off- duty policeman and I think that he shot him in the back as far as I can remember.

Colorado is the new California!These bureaucrats (an official who works by fixed routine without exercising intelligent judgment) are the scourge of the earth. They have no common sense and are out for themselves. Did the CO public get to vote on these issues? This clown and all the other bureaucrats needs to go away........fricken moron!

Well those laws are all well and good provided that the criminals and loonies will comply with them.  Unfortunately there is such a thing as The Blackmarket.  In other words, if you can buy pot or crack in Colorado you can buy any assault weapon with extended round magazines you want without bothering with background checks.  But don't worry governor, there will be plenty of other people in your state who will comply with your new laws.  They're called rational and responsible law abiding citizens.  But then again they are not really the problem are they?

Common sense prevailed.  A ban on high capacity clips that no one has any need owning unless you're in the military or law enforcement, and universal background checks.  Why would anyone have a problem with this?  In a country with gun violence that rivals Yemen or South Africa.

CO ......HUNT THIS TRAITOR DOWN!!!!OMFG!

Great job Governor John Hickenlooper , Lead the way to show what the Well regulated in theSecond Amendment  means. No where does it states you have to have these types of weapons, nor 15 rounds in a clip. Firearm Owners Protection Act.May of 1986 Reagan signed it into law that prohibited the registration of new machine guns for civilian use. The Firearm Owners' Protection Act (FOPA), Pub.L. 99–308, 100 Stat. 449, enacted May 19, 1986, codified at 18 U.S.C. § 921 et seq., is a United States federal law that revised many statutes in the Gun Control Act of 1968

Looks like the intelligent people will be leaving , very soon !!!

death penalty please!

why so worried? Even if you belong to the Right Wing Militant NRA Terrorist Organization, you can still buy guns.  Just as long as you can prove you are not a criminal, then again you may get away with it, if you are a pedophile.Oh I get it ; so the gay marriage people won't go balistic.

If the government wants to ban guns from Americans based on the Sandy Hook type incidents then the government should surrender their weapons based on 23 children/pregnant women that were inhumanely murdered in Waco. How about approaching the real issues and getting help for those that are mentally ill and for truly prosecuting convicted felons for gun posessions? There are laws already on the books for this.Children and Pregnant women killed at Waco, TX by the US Government.• Chanel Andrade, 1, American• Cyrus Koresh, 8, American• Star Koresh, 6, American• Bobbie Lane Koresh, 2, American• Nicole Gent Little, 24, Australian, pregnant• Dayland Gent, 3, American• Page Gent, 1, American• Lisa Martin, 13, American• Sheila Martin, Jr., 15, American• Crystal Martinez, 3, American• Isaiah Martinez, 4, American• Joseph Martinez, 8, American• Abigail Martinez, 11, American• Audrey Martinez, 13, American• Melissa Morrison, 6, British• Mayanah Schneider, 2, American• Aisha Gyrfas Summers, 17, Australian, pregnant• Startle Summers, 1, American• Rachel Sylvia, 12, American• Hollywood Sylvia, 1, American• Serenity Jones, 4, American• Chica Jones, 2, American• Little One Jones, 2, American..

An intelligent man..

I believe your comments to be treason I their nature. In another time of American history, I bet you could be hanged for saying such things. Yih are such a good American that you try to play the rules instead of what is flat out right.

I can only think that this will only make their state more attractive as a vacation spot. When I think about taking my family on vacation, less guns is definitely an incentive. Over time as the policy begins to work, they will have a safer and safer state. Not all state governments are inept. Some work. The concept of semi and automatic weapons as a necessity is ridiculous.  Don't kid yourself. You aren't going to save anyone unless you are some former NAVY seal. You are only going to protect your own weird and paranoid thoughts. I could care less about you. I don't feel safe about YOU owning the guns. You are the bad guys.  Get it through your head, psycho weirdos.

All these bogus feel-good laws do nothing but #$%$ off law abiding citizens who do no harm. Meanwhile, all the violent criminals who plan to use guns in the future are laughing uncontrollably...

The zombies are coming.............they will rise and attack the living..........there will be no place to hide.............All ho's with big boobs and hot T @ A T S......are free to stay with me in my love tunnel....aka fall out shelter............No Fat Ho;s allowed................

Will the gun cult be able to "kill" his political future?Stay tuned to KNRA radio for by the minute updates.He(double hockey sticks),even most gun manufacturers are not in love with the stridentNRA " Everyone carries guns, all the time" hard line.Get real, people.Guns in the hands of peabrains like notnyeve kill people!Oh and children. too.

guess you guys in col will be geting a new gov coming next voteing time

I'm not even going to consider Colorado a state.  I'm going to beat up everyone from there too that tries to tell me what to do with my guns.  I think their mountains are the stupidest and Utah has better ones.  Colorado should be called Fall-orado because I want them to fall.  I think the governor should have to show his birth certificate.  They are a bunch of liberal gay homos with rainbow colored faces and they all smoke pot.  Guns are great and we should live our lives around having them because nothing else matters when the commies get here!Finally, leadership instead of opportunism. Thank you, Colorado.

I'm sure all the criminals are scared now

If your check comes back bad, you are in trouble and the gun is taken no questions asked

whats next our bibles, Hitler did the same thing, Confiscated the wealth, guns, food, bibles , houses, property from the jews

Are you kidding, In Pa. we have paid for all checks and transfers for as long as I can remember usually about 45-50 for pistols, never had to do a rifle, Pa does not mandate that

Come on, who hasn't taken advantage of a drunk girl sexually?

Does anyone find it odd that the Democrats are concerned with "protecting" people from guns yet when it comes to passing a law that restricts gun ownership by domestic violence offenders, good ole Democratic Hickenlooper "is undecided about that measure until he sees the final wording." Aren't these the type of individuals that maybe shouldn't own a weapon? Just sayin

#$%$? Is someone wants a gun they will get one. No laws will stop that. I can go right now and get anything i want with cash and no questions axed. On another note, if any fool try to take any gun i already have i hope they ready for a shootout. Yes, the fools will kill me but some will go straight to hell with me. Also, im so glad i bought 5000 rounds ( 9mm - 9mm hp- 44 -38 and 12 guage) back in Dec. Go and try to find any ammo now. I would think the ammo companies could speed up production but i have not seen any around here or online in months. Whats up with that? Goverment doing some nazi #$%$ or what??? IOn short, do as you want but if any idiot try to take mine they will meet the reaper.

What a bad #$%$. hang.

Yahoo, your Top Contributor choices are a joke.Redcoats are coming.  Head down, eyes up. MAKE READY!

Nice to see the gov pull his head out of his #$%$ to get his picture taken!

PLEASE NOTE: according to Daily Caller, the bill limiting magazines is going to effectively ban ALL magazines for ALL weapons because nearly EVERY magazine IS EXPANDABLE!  EXPANDABLE MAGAZINES ARE BANNED UNDER THESE BILLS!

I am all for the average citizen’s right to have firearms for self-protection, by the time the police respond to a 911, all they can do is draw a chalk outline.  But we need to get assault weapons off the streets. One psychopath can open up in a movie theater or school and kill 20 to 30 people without even reloading. The Second Amendment was written 225 years ago, they were not psychic.  Our Founding Fathers shot muskets, they had no idea of the mass murders one person could cause. To all those conceal and carry people, which I am one; wouldn’t you at least want a fair chance against someone like that when protecting yourself or your family? As a result of the prevalence of assault weapons on the street the police are now issued them. However, even they are out gunned unless they can make it back to their car before taking down the culprit.  How many people have to die before we pass a law making it easier to get weapons of mass destruction off the streets? If gun manufactures can’t sell assault rifles there will be less of them falling into criminal’s hands. Reinstating the Assault Weapons Ban won’t stop all the killing but it is a good start.   Please contact your Senator and Representative so we can reinstate the Assault Weapons Ban. You can find your Congressman by searching for HOUSE.  GOV &amp; SENATE .  GOV

And criminals and gang members will be sure to abide by such laws.  All this does is limit citizens who actually abide by the laws of the land.

Potential gun buyers that oppose background checks (to make sure you are not a criminal or crazy) obviously have something to hide.

I would like to see the profits distributed evenly to the departments not by ratio of officers in the department evenly by the number of police departments in the state and spent to equip. The local departments Chiefs in each city and accounted for annually.

flucking Nazi pig !! go to china  all of you who think this right !

The cowboys lose to the Dindians!

it always starts with one state.   eventually the whole country will follow.   just a matter of time.  no amount of fighting will stop it.Nothing about crime/criminal control???

2014. The start of the 2nd American Civil War. Helllll yeah!!

this is a bunch of big eared obama voters just catering to him and his base  sorry bunch

This is a begining of the end of the gun runners billion dollar scam on Americans.  This scam is being promoted by a small minority, well funded and strictly in the interest of the gun factories.  By using second amendment excuse they have made it sound like a national cause.

On tonight's menu: Republican TearsMmmmm Delicious!

I applaud gov Hickenlooper for his courage, also the colo legislators for creating and passing those bills. The legitimate gun owners will not be effected at all. Sanity must prevail !

I call that's a leadership. Sometimes a politician needs make an unpopular decision. If he makes only a popular decision, he is not a leader. Anyone can do that. Stick to your belief, Sir. I salute you, Governor.

The rest of the states should follow the common sense of Colorado.

You will do nothing. You will talk and brag about what you will do, but that's it. If you really cared about the Constitution and the State of Colorado you would all take up arms and march on Denver. Give them a choice, leave the State or be tried for treason. But then again you will just #$%$ and in the end do whatever they tell you. What good little slaves you are.Ha,Ha,Ha.

Colorado should legalize "Stupid" that way the gun nuts can still visit the stateWhere are all the pry it from my cold dead hand jobs going to move to when it becomes a federal law

If these loudmouthed, cowardly gun nuts ever backed up their big talk and tried their supposed "revolution," they would all be dead in less than twenty minutes, and the average IQ in this country would skyrocket. I say go for it. Less talk, more action!

Good for you Colorado, why not have tougher gun laws?

It's about no more sales of high rounds magazines and getting a background check  before you buy a gun. They're not gonna come and get your precious guns you yahoo  gun loving citizens.  You get to keep what you have. Get a grip, read the article.

The argument that 2nd Amendment is there to “Arm Citizens against it's  Own Government” Is an Untrue and a Dangerous Lie! The Constitution does not sign it’s own death warrant. The 2nd amendment and the Constitution does not permit insurrection or civil war as a means to alter or to abolish Government.To disprove the concept of an overthrowing “Armed Militia” We must point to the Constitution and the language found there. First to the Amendment itself,“A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, ” Then to Article 1 of the Constitution and to the purpose of Militias,  “To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces;” “To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress;” and lastly “To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions;”It is clear that the 2nd Amendment was not intended to arm a population to overthrow the government by military force, when the ability to do so by legal means are already in place. Rather the 2nd Amendment was intended to defend the Constitution and suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions as stated in the constitutionThere is no wiggle room here. Instead the Constitutions brings forward the principle stated in the Declaration of Independence into Our system of government. It is installed in the Constitution as Law, a Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, by legal means and amendment as well as instituting new Government every 2, 4 and six years by vote, not by arms.

Great News!  Should replace our (ILL) Govenor with someone like this.....gangs are killing children every DAY this past week (in Chicago).......one child was just 6 MONTHS young!Her father was a gang-member...he survived.....STUPID IDIOTS!  How can we help stop this craziness?

Breaking:  Feinstein loses.  Reid yanks Assault Weapon Ban.

Natural Selection takes hold as Conservatives rush to buy more and more guns.They should all be dead in a generation..

WIN

Gun nuts argument that more guns make us safer reminds me of what was called mutual assured destruction during the cold war.  The theory was because The USSR had enough nukes to destroy the earth seven times, we needed enough to destroy it eight and than they would never fire on us.  It's a real theory, look it up, and it's being played out here in a smaller scale.  It also goes by the name of insanity.The truth is that a certain demographic which is growing wildly in CO will just keep punching the hole next to the guy with the D no matter what because they live in the hopes of more taxpayer paid handouts from the Dems and care nothing of el Segundo Amendment.

What do you know, the headline for this article is just like a light to moths. Except the moths are fanatical gun people.

This is a fact.......eventually this will be in all states. The majority of the American people have reached a point where we say "NO MORE". And what I mean by "NO MORE", is this; we have reached the point where we are tired of senseless gun violence. To some of you who think your distorted lame brain ideas of what you conceive to be an ABSOLUTE right to bear arms of any type...will no longer stand. So enjoy them while you can, before long they will be against the law in all states.

Why do people care what a state does or doesn't do. The people who kids were killed wanted something done and now something is being done. They are the ones who lost love ones in this tragedy. If some of you lost your kids the way these parents lost theirs, you wouldn't stop at nothing until something was done. The sad thing about all this some of you are so blind. China whose crime rate is nothing compare to the US is selling weapons all over the world, sitting back and watching all the other countries that are buying these weapons destroying themselves. All they are doing is selling the weapons. We are using the weapons and killing each other. That is why China is rank #1 in exporting weapons. They hardly have no crime, Very strong gun laws. And they are just sitting back and laughing while the US in in dept to China 1.7 Billion and killing each other.

the nra l;oves you overly emotional gun backersyou need to get lives

hickenlooper huh? maybe they should call him "dickinpooper" cuz that's what he's doing to all you fine coloradoans, screwing u right up the #$%$!

Make sure you ban the following Colorado companies: Coors Brewing Company, Samsonite, Red Robin Restaurants,  Western Union to name a few.

NRA=AMERICAN CANCER

Speak with your dollars. Make your tax deductible contribution to the 2nd Amendment Foundation.  They will eventually take it to federal supreme court.

Hey liberals ..... why dont we ban all dumocraps.   Vote them all out of office.THIS IS A CALL FOR ALL "WOORRRRKING " middle class americans to wake up, and try toorganize stategies to take our country back, from these "______ up" liberal politicians.

All the shootings were all FAKE, wake up America.  All about GUN CONFISCATION PERIOD.  THIS CO MAYOR looks like he is high on Drugs. Kick him out of office today.

Finally, some gun laws that make sense.

Obama never sent security to Benghazi because he had already designated it a "No Gun Zone"

Look at all the Republitard gun nuts crying into their Pabst Blue Ribbon over losing their oversized magazines.  Yeah, home defense requires more than 15 bullets, huh?What a bunch of tiny#$%$ vaginas.  And you make "come get it" threats like you'll actually do anything.

I think all the gun control legislature is secretly backed by the firearm and ammunition manufacturers. Gets gun-control nuts fired up, which in turn creates a mad rush of gun and ammo hoarding by the anti-gun control nuts. Ultimately it makes no impact on gun related violence at all. It only lines the pockets of the manufactures, driving up both prices and demand.

I guess I'll move to Colorado...tired of living with trigger happy cowboys who are so scared of their own shadow that they've to have guns in their homes, car trunks, their offices and on themselves at all times...Sick of guns everywhere, as if we don't have nature that has set a date for each one of us to die some day...

Thumbs up for Colorado and legislators who aren't afraid to stand for what is right. Sanity prevails in Colorado.

Thank God intelligence prevails

Repeal the 2nd amendment NOW.The next mass shooting will be the us government shooting civilians because they own guns for self defense.

Come now, let us reason together," says the LORD...Isaiah 1:18

Good for Colorado. Thats 1 down, 49 to go. Next, lets mandate mental exams for all future leadership of the NRA.

Good for HIM!!!!

Thanks you Colorado for standing up to the Gun Nut thugs. Now if you would deport these deranged gun fanatic hicks I would be really impressed.

Good for you, Govenor.  Ignore all the hateful gun nuts who will call you names.  These laws will save lives.

We're all Screwed

Are Coloradan's really standing in line to give up their hard fought freedoms? Is the Colorado government too busy to find real solutions to help protect its citizens? Is it easier to create foolish laws so the servants will believe the government is doing something? Or, are the Elites exploiting certain tragedies to gain more control over the people? IT's TIME FOR CHANGE!

Piece of #$%$

Welcome to "CALORADO"  !!!there will be outrage and uproar from conservative NRA Republican types, but as the recent election has shown, they are a declining demograpic.expect alot of 'cold, dead hands" noise though.

ANOTHER DUMMY CRAT

GREAT job, Colorado Democrats. Message to remaining gun wackos in the state: you're welcome to move to Mississippi, Alabama, Texas or any other gun loving #$%$ state. Buh-bye!

Here's the federal government at work behind the scenes to see what they can get away with under the guise of 'gun control' The Feds wants to get our guns away from us so they initiate the third and final phase of the enslavement of the american people. Phase one: initiate policies to nullify all rights guaranteed under the constitution and bill of rights and give the government absolute total power with benefit of laws  or regulation (the'patriot act'). Phase two: create economic chaos to reduce middle class to survival mode (the economic crash).

how do you licken A Hooper?

“Never forget, even for an instant, that the one and only reason anybody has for taking your gun away is to make you weaker than he is, so he can do something to you that you wouldn’t let him do if you were equipped to prevent it. This goes for burglars, muggers, and rapists, and even more so for policemen, bureaucrats, and politicians.” – Aaron ZelmanMolon LabeYour politicians are self serving SOBs....They only care about themselves and NOT you or the country.Michael-- Deo Vindicabamur

They have not passed it and it is still being discussed please stop and think about what you are reading. I have two questions is what reason is there for the ban on 15 rounds or more and why that number specific?

I cant walk in to a gun show, a gun shop, or Wal-Mart and purchase a firearm so why are they considering passing a law thats already in effect? I wish I could own guns cause Im a good shot and its tons of fun.

First they take our money, then our property, orce us to pay for lazy people to sit at home do drugs and ca'nt take care of their kids, they divide ethnicities against each other, take more taxes, Now Our Guns, sounds familiar. Total control so you cant defend yourself when they turn on the people. Familiar, history repeating itself.

Well done Colorado!Most of these comments seem to be made by people who are so unbalanced, they wouldn't qualify to join a well regulated militia.

Non reelect govenor...yup

Well my rights say I can own a tank, a rocket launcher and an M16 if I want to be part of the well regulated militia so that is what I want.  Now where do they sell this and do I need a special license to drive my tank on the streets of my little town?

If there were a shortage of guns - I would be worried. But because we have more guns than people - I'm not. Real background checks and restricting access to military grade and sized weapons is a good idea.

Careful you Con's-- he's going to be the next President.

How did that nitwit ever get elected in CO ?

As long as it makes the gun-nuts crazy, I'm all for it. If they don't like it, it must be a good thing.

A well regulated militia is part of the 2nd amendment, otherwise many would be longing for rocket propelled grenades beside the 10 bullet limit for assault weapons

Registered gun owners are not responsible people. They threaten to kill people all the time, and they should be held libel for the massacres they initiate themselves or cause through their gross criminal negligence with very efficient killing tools. Registered gun owners: criminally negligent at best, and cold blooded murderers at worst.

So let's see if i am understanding this correctly. MY TAXPAYERS $ is already paying for NICS "National Instant Check System" . But now you want me to pay for it again? I don't think so. HICKENBOOGER has got his head up his #$%$.and is to dis#$%$ociated from the general public. He WILL BE VOTED OUT NEXT ELECTION. Then he is going to cry like a little baby. Well you made your bed. Now sleep in it.The pro gun side constantly knock these new tougher gun laws(which are needed) but the pro gun people never say what they would do to solve the gun violence in this country.So, I am asking, what plan does the pro gun people have to stop gun violence in the united states!Or do you people feel that nothing needs to be done?Do you feel that 20 dead first graders in a classroom is acceptable and just comes with the territory?

When the 2nd Civil War starts the Democrats are fuqqed. Divide and conquer. We already have them divided. We only have to take California and New York. The rest will fold after that.

Hey, Did you hear about another sicko in FL today  who almost blew away several American lives with another assault weapon ??  America IS at war, just not with foreign terrorists.  It's with its own wacko citizens with their assault weapons.And oh yeah, there can no longer be a Super Power USA when the Antichrist takes control of the world no matter how many clueless citizens are walking around the country with their assault weapons.

Bravo Colorado!! About time for some sanity on this issue!

There's nothing at all wrong with the idea of people paying for their own background checks if they want to own a gun. Every state should have that. I am tired of paying for other people to own guns. If they want them, they should pay ALL costs.

I firmly believe that Americans have the right to bear arms, but this seems reasonable.Imo

wow there is a lot of paranoid people here

Cue the gun nuts for more of their ridiculously ignorant rants and empty threats.Clue to gun nuts: A majority of Americans want tougher gun laws. You lose, fair and square.

These laws violate the 2nd.The 2nd states that ALL people in America (non-citizens, babies, insane, republicans...) have the RIGHT to "keep and bear arms. This right Shall NOT be infringed (laws written against).Therefore, we must redress. All felons in jail, all habitual criminals, ANYONE desiring an arm cannot be prevented from doing so.That is what our Bill of Rights says, and we must obey.

Good job Governor, ban the guns! Arrest the NRA. This will get the ball rolling on repealing the 2nd amendment.I can guarantee this law will not limit the large number of rounds Lickenhoopers' body guards are allowed to carry

Great news! Finally some rationality!

Hooray. It is fantastic to see gun control happening. What we really  need to do is to rewrite the 2nd amendment so that it makes more sense. Hopefully, that will happen soon; I know there are a lot of people working to get that done.

Glad I moved out of that state.  Now that pot is legal there even more Californians who can't afford to stay in Cali will be moving to CO.

Who the hell is lickenpooper, I never heard of him?

o no, that extra 10 dollars will surely prevent me from buying a firearm.

The Republican Party is dying, and this message board is just one example of its death rattle.

when you outlaw guns, then only outlaws will have guns!!

It was the (failed) responsibility of gun owners to keep the public safe from their weapons, and it is playing blame the victim to say that its the public's fault that they didn't stop the massacres that these registered gun owners initiated themselves, intentionally or unintentionally.

Is there bomb control? Look at FL.THANK YOU GOVERNOR!!!  All opposed go back into your holes.

NRA, Militias, Minutemen &amp; NSM...How does it feel 2 be treated like an ILLEGAL?

I own many weapons. Always have. Always will. I dont own any assult type weapons . I am not in the military. I dont need a 15 round clip to hunt or for personal protection. I live in California where we have had background checks and a 15 day cooling period to buy handguns for a generation now. I always thought that is was a great idea. I dont understand why some poeple have their panties all up in a bunch over these measures. Why do they LIE and say that government is trying to take their guns? Nobody will EVER take my guns!

Congratulations Colorado, Governor, and Democrats! A first important step to banning guns of hate!!

I wish they would ban and seize all but hunting rifles.  sick of whiners complaining the government going to come and take their guns or ban them.  give the babies something to cry about

F$%$ you guys, real men use a crossbow anyway..

Just another good reason to move to Colorado.

We liberals are the majority now. If we want to ban assault rifles, we will ban them without asking you teabaggers. All blue states should ban three things: assault rifles, NRA, and teabaggers.

good first step!!!!

What do the gun-nuts hope to achieve by swamping the comments with angry rambling?I can't wait for the day when the NRA and it's paranoid ilk are no longer relevant and no longer corrupt the legislative process. Good for Colorado!

Round up all teabaggers and ship them to pakistan.

CRYBABIES&gt;&gt;

Awesome! Once a Wild West state Colorado has come to its sense and become humane and sane. If it can happen there, it can happen in the rest of America. We are on our way to less gun violence and less violence/crime in general just like other Western countries which have reason based gun control.

What's the big deal you can still have a gun

Oh, get over it! There is more to life than your precious guns. People in most other countries get by OK without them.

Why do conservatives equate passing some common sense gun legislation to "taking away all guns"? Really... if you're against universal background checks you probably have something to hide.

Finally action by one state.  Let us hope it spreads.  We need meaningful gun control legislation on a national level too.  How ironic it is that one needs to go through more testing and scrutiny to get a drivers license than to purchase a letal weapon that has no other purpose than to kill.  Before people can get a gun I think they need to go through screening and training too.

Thank God.  We move forward to protect OUR CHILDREN

he's going to sign a bill if you have 16" tires on your car you have to get 13" tires so your car so it won't go as fast.Where is Jesus in all this discussion?  What a sad fallen country we live in.  Rather than teach love we take away everyone's rights to make it "even" - My heart is broken for America.

I wud be overjoyed if many of you rednecks wud boycott my state it wud keep our MOUNTAIN roads clear of flatlanders who cant drive on them nd i can finally go fishing without seeing 50 sorry #$%$ lone star state license plates nd the law didnt ban guns u #$%$ it just requires backround checks nd no 30 round clips anymore didnt you even read the article

I am not saying I agree with this but I do think more background checks are needed.  I don't see a solution to this problem really.  I do see a lot of extreme opinions though.

you go boy!!!!!!!!!!!

Trickle down effect.ban the mags now so there will hopefully be zero in the future.for all you WHINERS- paranoia will get you nowhere.sleep with you finger on the trigger all you want.those for peace let law enforcement do their job.get with the program or join the military PLEASE.will vote democrat &amp; reelection-thank you govenor for standing up for the people.

For a nation of 300 million, this is a small step...but it's a START!Well done Colorado...

God Bless the Colorado Governor. Hopefully, the other 49 states will follow suit ASAP.

These paranoid pro-gun maniacs are so extreme and fanatical, they worship their guns as though it was Jesus!!!   What is disturbing, they sleep with their guns under their pillows!!!

According to Fox News, 91% of Americans support universal background checks. Looks like some of our politicians are actually listening to us!

Eventually these gun laws will encompass all 50 United States just like Obama care... and you can't stop it. Place your rant at the door and get your po-dunk aszes back to your factory jobs.Dream on Pat, you forgot who started this division , Bush, Cheney,McConnell{one term pres]Bonehead,Ryan and the list goes on.  How did it work for you in the last election?

Stock up on bullets the end of the world is coming.Colorado passed a gun law.Wait ! Did i take my paranoid gun owner pill today.I don't remember.Did i pay my rent this month?.No i bought more bullets instead.Fridge is empty but i have ammo.I'm O.K.

Can any yall tell me which ile the toolbelts in at Walmart?

Hurrah!  Finally, two governors with "cojones."  I am referring to the governors of Colorado and New York.  It's about time that gun nuts and the NRA realize that this country belongs to ALL of us and that we are not going to be bullied by gun fanatics who put their own selfish pleasure (firing multiple rounds from assault weapons) over the physical and mental health of the rest of the citizenry.  If I wanted to live in a militarized country, I would move to Mexico where the Mexican army patrols almost all the cities on the U.S.-Mexico border and can't defeat the drug cartels because they are heavily armed with weapons bought in the U.S. with money obtained from the lucrative sale of drugs to American junkies.

Bans on high cap magazines work. Look at 2000-2007   and you will see no mass shootings where people used them.  The fed ban was from 94 to 2004 so right after Columbine till 2008 there were no hcm shootings. Look at the 10 years before that and the ten years after, take the average of the amount of people shot and you'll see twice as many people are hurt when the killer has a high cap magazine. Look at California. Banned since 1989, there has only been one mass shooting involving a high cap magazine ( 1993)

These same right wing nut jobs that complain they are taxed too much because they have to pay for everything for everyone else, will whine and say that they shouldn't have to pay for their own background checks to buy a gun.

And so Colorado becomes more dangerous for law abiding citizens and safer for criminals.  To liberals, that is a step in the right direction.  Sane people OTOH aren't so sure.

When I am bored, I log into yahoo because I love to see these teabaggers whining. They are a minority now. They won't ever see inside of WH. So, all they can do is WHINE.

Do what I do... own an invented wicrowave heat system.... They burn ya like hell.... First.. take an get a 1000 foot extension cord and buy a powerful microwave oven.. When you see a person that you have to control, turn the oven on, open the front door of it and run after the assailant. Make sure your coffee, bacon and eggs are not inside of it though. The heat from the waves are like the military heat guns, but you get your coffee and eat it too... No cake!!

Until Our Politicians DEMAND And sign into LAW, An American Universal HealthCare System fully Staffed, With "Examine and Retain" Authority Psychiatric OutReach Teams To Reign in THE ARMIES OF NUTJOBS Running Loose in America, Thank You Big Pharma #$%$, and ReOpening ALL Of Our State and Federal Mental Hospitals to House the Rounded Up NutCases, Like Our SANE Allys Have, There Will Be NO Change. The NutJobs will get hold of foreign smuggled in guns like during Prohibition Which FAILED And was Repealed.But This whole thing is Really about the Criminal corporations economically Raping America and NO guns to resist and stop the aristocrat Criminal Class.Why aren't my posts showing up?

OK governor: Time to go after all the fools on this site you claim you can have their guns when you pry them from their cold dead hands. Grow a nutsac and go after the gun-lovers...do it now! Why wait?

Sheeple will be sheeple to the end when they are slaughtered like the sheeple that they have become...............

Sad Day, I will never hunt in CO!  My $$$ will got to Texas!!! RIP Gun Rights in the communist state!

Ohh how i wanna move to Colorado!

Bravo Colorado!

enof of d criticism,lets appreciate wat d governor hs done.

Good job!!,you just made more people want high capacity magazines,and you just challenged and  inspired more mass shooters to prove that they can still pull off their madness even with a 10 round mag.Pat yourself on the back for doing nothing helpful.You deserve it.

You gun nuts are a bunch of fantazing IDIOTS!!!!!!!

Why would anyone have a problem with these laws?? You can still buy your precious weapons and ammo that are more important to you than human lives. Gee, a Universal Background check is required for ALL purchases and the buyer has to pay for their own check (duh!), plus you cannot buy magazines with MORE than 15 rounds. Wah Wah, you gun nuts are a bunch of baby whiners! As if this common sense legislation is really going to effect you anyway if you are purchasing weapons legally.Republicans stance on guns will continue to shrink their numbers they lost the last election and they can count on losing the next one too.  they have a greatstrategy for early 20th century voters .

GO GOV. GO !!! I can see the John Deere caps flying off the hillbilly heads now!!!  : )

The sickos with killing on their minds are out in force on this aren't they.

Arm a Conservative Today!!*(watch them kill their kids tomorrow!!!)Message brought to you by the NRA.

If its signed I will visit their the state for a month or two. I will not be visiting any states that advocate carrying a gun for protection. I don't want to live in fear.

I applaud the Governor and people of Colorado. They are not afraid to stand up to the NRA and radicals who refuse to help keep guns out of the hands of criminals and mentally impaired. One by one the states will eventually impose better gun control laws.

I hope Colorado suffers another massacre.

Did Magpul close up shop and get ready to leave the state yet? No? How about that, just more hot air from brainwashed teabaggers.

Good job Colorado...Now the Congress needs to act so the entire country is covered by gun control.

You go gov,,,, we need more Ike this manBan assault rifles...We liberals don't need guns, because we have something better: DRONES. When President Obama said they can be used on Americans, he was talking about you teabaggers.

A Yahoo! User, no he is just your darling. It is great that you have finally come out.

15 rounds and backgrounds checks? yawn. Wheres all the ammo anyways? Time for bed....nite

@Godhelpusall there is a lot of people in that state that reacts on feel good measure's, just like across the rest of the states. A lot of people that think a single shot will not put a lot of people down before one could be stopped.

Bam and he knocks out the gun lobby in Colorado. Way to go Governer Hickenlooper.

Members of the Tea Party do not deserve guns, they are racist and violent.

hahaha, you yahoo rednecks are going to loose this battle. You will all probably go crazy and shoot a bunch of people on the premise that they were "coming to get my guns". It amazes me that you are so small minded that you actually think that if you boycott colorado and don't go there to hunt, the state will fail and go broke. As if there is nothing else in this world except guns.

Take that NRA and shove it! The crazies who thinks guns will protect, you need to get the facts straight.US has the most # of guns per person and also the most # of deaths by guns in the whole world. 70% of the gun deaths are self inflicted. 25% are from criminal homicides. 5% of deaths are only in self defense including police shooting a bad guy. Also get this... Be very careful shooting at suspected criminals. The burden is on the shooter to prove that your life is in grave danger. Otherwise, the shooter can be booked for  negligent discharge of a firearm- a felony  in many states. Self defense not an easy argument in a court of low. Now how about all those pro life Christians who love shooting guns to kill some one. Remember "Thou shall not kill". Period!

Even though my state has almost as many guns as people all these bills have over 59% approval ratings. The senate, house and Governor stood up to the bullying NRA nd stuck it in their face.No ones second ammendment rights have been touched and no one is taking your guns away. Just sensible legislation that may help to stop these mass killings here

Its a wonderous day, a day of celebration!  We anti-guns groups have one more notch on the belt and we will squeeze these pro-guns fanatic neo hitler types till we get more guns off the hands of people in our communities!!!   Now lets celebrate and lets get the other states to do the same!!!How stupid is Colorado's government??? That won't help a bit.Dum Dum

They should ban NRA and teabaggers too.

Good for Colorado...They should ban NRA too.

Good for Colorado.  Lead the nation to a safer way.

about time.now the rest of the country

Fu(k teabaggers...ban them from reproducing. That will solve half of our problems.

Only the police and military should have guns.

Hahahaha!!!! Up yours gop!

Gun nuts stay out of Ohio too. Just go some place else.

democrats luv all the illegales voting them in, wake up, america, you took it from their ancestors, now there's gonna be another manifest destiny, so brush up on your espanol!Your party is dying. You teabaggers are a minority now and we liberals are the majority....We control the media....We control the education system. GOP is a ship without rudder. It will sink before 2016. You guys are wasting your time by posting your opinions here. Nobody gives a F what you have to say MINORITY.

Good for the governor and Colorado. Recent world &amp; US history has shown us that doing nothing about American gun violence has not worked. What ever is done will not ELIMINATE gun violence, but if it reduces the violence - or at least the BODY COUNT at our growing number of mass murders - then it's a good thing. The greater good for the safety of PEOPLE is more important than than a smaller good for the bottom line of the gun/ammo companies.(and for you conspiracy paranoids, if the evil gubbermint is after you, you're already a dead man walking, so shut up.)

looks like the lowest iq gop fanboys have been relegated to troll the yahoo comments section.  so many blocked comments.  shame they cant produce a coherent civilized thought.  good for colorado to have a 21st century approach to a seriously outdated and dangerously lax policies.

The kkk STUPIDLY touts "The loss of "white supremecy" is destroying America." That is Total BS.The Evil rich and their corporations dedicated to sapping America's economic and Nationalistic strength, commandering America's justice and legislative systems, devastating wages, destroying America's infrastructure, blocking an American National HealthCare system, Like our Sane Allys have, All out corporate fraudulent Lawlessness preying on EVERYDAY Americans as these CORPORATIONS feign being REAL people is just the start. Now, they continue to receive their tax evasion bonuses from their Puppet Politicos in BOTH State and Federal Congressional legislations and WILL ARROGANTLY Continue To UNLESS We Americans STOP THEIR Unsatiable Greed and Evil, Like The French People did In 1790 AKA "The French Revolution". They ARRESTED, Tried this Illegal aristocrat group and disposed of them Compliments of THE MADAM. Sounds Harsh?? Look at what these corporate aristocrats are doing to AND Changing America. FACE IT: IT IS Either Them or US....Why do You think These people are trying to take American's Weapons away??????

Colorado Governor is a brave &amp; smart man. He's putting lpeople's ives ahead of politices. Bravo!! Let's see if any red-state governors have the brass ones to follow suit.

There's something f'd up about all the roadsigns and billboards for the Tanner Gun show days after the Aurora shooting.  Its messed up to see a store selling high capacity assault rifle mags just 2 miles from Columbine.  For Chrst sakes have some sort of compassion and sanity.  Good move on the gov part

Who cares what these teabaggers have to say....There party is dead. They are trying to revive it since 11/7, but it's not working. Republithugs won't ever see inside of White House.

A gun fpr hunting and a revolver for protection, that's all regular citizens need. Who is going to use an assault rifle on a deer? Anyone buying a gun should have a background check. Sure it doesn't stop people having military type guns, but fewer may have them if they are hard to get. Better to put a dent in it than to let people go hog wild. Then you have all these shootings.

I am really amazed at the ignorance and stupidity of all these comments.  Do we really have that many Bubbas in our country?

I like it! it really does not do much as far as owning guns go, the Republicans under Reagon enacted a but load more gun laws while they were selling crack in the US to fund there dirty little war in central America, like I always say FK REPUBLICUNTS I hope they take all of your guns you retarted neo Nazi group! I ment to say slime but then that gives me another chance to tell you Republistooges to go FK yourselfs, HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAH!!!!!!The 2nd Amendment is outdated and needs to be changed.

You Republish8heads need to crawl off and die like Reagoon did for his country what a patriot! Again FK U REPUBLIDOUCHE you FK WADS are lower than a sespool drain field!!

This is great news, finally some sanity.

It is clear that the 2nd Amendment was not intended to arm a population to overthrow the government by military force, when the ability to do so by legal means are already in place. Rather the 2nd Amendment was intended to defend the Constitution and suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions as stated in the constitution.(A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State) Now who sets the rules for the training and calling out the militia? It is the Congress!!Article 1 Section 8 The Congress shall have Power;“To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces;”“To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions;”“To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress;”The Constitution does not sign it’s own death warrant. The Civil War Made that very Clear. Constitutions brings forward the principle stated in the Declaration of Independence into Our system of government. It is installed in the Constitution as Law, a Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, by legal means and amendment as well as instituting new Government every 2, 4 and six years by vote, not by arms.

On the menu--Republican TearsDelicious!

Thank god that gun nut Romney did not get elected....It is time for Obama to rid this country of guns and gun violence.

Check those highly talented chicks out at______bubida____

If you don't like these laws, how about moving out of Colorado with your guns.  Say............Mexico?

Poor gun owners.  No magazines larger than 15 and have to have background check.  And some of us rednecks are stuoid enough to think the government wants to disarm us. Dont be stupid.  Iv been a gun owner for 40 yrs. ...This isnt the end of the world.. Thank you colorado!!!

this has been a long time coming.....thank you Governor.As late as DC v Heller the Supreme Court stated that “Like most rights, the right secured by the Second Amendment is not unlimited…”.Before we go on the DC v Heller, the majority opinion, written by conservative bastion Justice Antonin Scalia.It then Clarified that it is  “…not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose.”Once more they  upheld the governments use of regulation“Nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms.”please note:" laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms.”That would include an assault Weapons ban as a condition and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms!

Really need to get red of the lunatic Republislime that's the problem crazy conservative Republicunts with guns it sure the hell is not Democrats with guns shooting people it is you chicken milkin squirrel eaten worm ranch roundup Republicunt #$%$! I hope the cops kick in all of your doors and confiscate all of your guns!

Too many dangerous Tea Party nuts own guns, they need to be disarmed.

30,000 people per year die from gun violence....it has to end now.

At least Colorado has the foresight to pass measures like this, symbolic as they are.  Once they are law, we can get to the REAL bills that address gun violence and BAN all semi-auto pistols, rifles, and shotguns.  Then we'll ban ALL firearms, as a truly FAIR and MODERN society has no need for such violent weapons.

but now I can't kill 50 deer in 20 seconds..how will I survive ??

Guns are evil...this is not 1776 when everyone needed guns. The Constitution and Bill of Rights need to be updated.

ATTENTION POSTERS:How does it feel to know you will never again live through another Republican administration?

Way to go Colarado.

I am THRILLED that the Internet has allowed backwoods #$%$ trailer trash to post online whenever, wherever.Your tears of misery are FANTASTIC entertainment!This gun obsession you people have is really creepy.

Congratulations to the Governor for having the balls to tell the NRA Bubbas to get lost.  And Mr. Godhelpusall, I find your intellectual name amusing, I will support the Governor's reelection efforts.

well at least someone is not afraid of the nra

Flintlocks and muzzle loaders only, ban heterosexuals, legalize drugs and prostitution. "The liberals dream."

Great to see! Sanity in an insane world.  The comments below make it clear that NONE of those people should own a gun!

Good for Colorado! I hope the rest of this nation follows with similar measures. If Congress is too dysfunctional to get it done, maybe there's hope that some states can do it on their own. Then the red, pro-gun, tea-bag states and have their fun little shootouts in their post-apocalyptic video game of a sorry excuse for a state.

I guess that every state will have a slaughter before someone acts.  When its close to home the second admendent dosen't seem that important.

It's good to see a few states enact rational gun laws. Too bad, though, that CO didn't restrict magazines to 10 rounds.

Way to go Gov. Hickenlooper. Do what is right for the sane people of Colorado. Don't give into the wacko gun nuts like republican governors have in other states. If you make things hard enough on them maybe they'll move somewhere else and Colorado will be an even safer place to live. Godspeed.

Some sense is finally filtering into politics.Show the rest of the country how it's done Colorado. Show the NRA they don't run or rule your state

No where in this article does it say that people in Colorado are not allowed to own a gun...what is the problem? That you have to go through a background check to make sure you're not some violent lunitic? That you can't carry around huge quanties of amo? That you can't get certified online and unsupervised?If you can't pass a background check, why should you be allowed the right to own a gun?What purpose is there to carrying around an assalt riffle that holds a large quantity of ammunition?And why should anyone who wants to be certifed to carry around a weapon not have to actually show up in person to do so?

Our rights are based on our nature as rational thinking humans.  The Constitution and government cannot grant rights.  The Constitution embodied the American philosophy that individuals act by right and government acts by permission.The States (countries) delegated specific enumerated powers to their new agent, the federal, not national, government.  Note the term "United States" (plural).The Bill of Rights (the first ten amendments) are prohibitions to the federal government about violating individual rights.The first eight amendments are specific.  The Ninth Amendment said that the individual has rights other than those explicitly stated.  The Tenth Amendment said any powers not delegated by the Constitution remain with the people and the States.

Well at least it a new start in the right direction to curb gun violents, so how is that taking your so-called god away from you??

Praise Jesus!!

Idiot right-wingers!  Why don't you drop your damn guns and pick up a book to rid yourselves of stupidity!  I know why you folks need guns:  You're all a bunch of cowards!

Finally a politician with courage and evidence that the NRA is no longer a relevant political force in America.  Thank you.