Of the 151,700 Christians now living in Israel....122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN CHRISTIANS....with a smaller handful of Palestinian Christians living in the West Bank/Gaza.  Palestinian Christians are believed to be one of the oldest lines of Christians on earth...believed to have converted from Judaism to Christianity....shortly after the crucifixion of Christ. (figures from Palestinian/Arab Christians-Wikipedia).

According to the humantrackingproject, Israel is a hub for human trafficking in the Middle East for women and children.

The AshkeNazi's gangster should go back to Russia or Germany. Leave the stolen flag.Starbucks Howard Schultz koolaid anyone ?

Yahoo and it's Ashkenazi gangster media. Look netanyahu says " we control america. We can do what ever we want" . Enough with the Netanyahoo  spins. He's an apartheid war criminal.

Zionists = Terrorists

Nothing that emanates from the Zionist media can be trusted; nothing. We reject its credibility entirely. We reject its “history” entirely. We reject its narratives entirely.

Israeli's claim was Corrie's death was an "accident"..........just as they claimed the murder of 30+ and the wounding of 170+ American servicemen on the U.S.S. Liberty in June, 1967 was an "accident."

The lies drip from his tongue like a fetid river of boiling hot pus.British author Stuart Wilde gets it right in his essay nominating Netanyahu for Anti-Christ, reprinted below.I’m already printing up the bumperstickers:Netanyahu for Anti-Christ: He’s got my vote!

Netanyahu looks very arrogant and angry.  Not surprised Obama doesn't like him.

A picture tells a thousand words..........................aint that right nutsy.Israeli government seems to have been taken over by right-wing politics/right-wing militancy/fanatical religion. Right-wing/extremist Orthodox settler Jews have been bullying the government of Israel for years now....and many of these government leaders are afraid to confront/reign in these right-wing religious fanatics, who will steal/squat-on land given to Palestinians by international law/treaties. Israel has shown very little respect to the United Nations and various U.N. resolutions over the years...even though the embryonic U.N. was the organization which helped Israel establish itself as a modern state. The damage done to Israeli/Arab relations over the years from Israel lording it's authority, with superior military power and outside aid, has done massive and long-lasting damage to Israeli/Arab relations. Israel cannot continue to exist as a heavily armed island-state in the middle-east. Eventually/soon Israel must establish trade and cultural relations with it's neighbors as well as accepting/supporting various U.N. resolutions regarding the treatment of Palestinians. The greatest form of defense any nation can possess, is peace.....and fair and just trade with it's neighbors.

But why should he stop there? While the office of the Prime Minister of the State of Israel is indeed a respectable position in the demonic hierarchy, there is no reason why such a talented Prince of Evil as Netanyahu should be content to rest on his laurels.

They ought to stone this clown - that would be a rocky enough ending for me.

Message from President Obama to Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu:America is done letting Israel stab U.S. Presidents in the back, enjoy the demographics and a nuclear Iran on your own. America is pivoting to Asia, see ya, wouldn't want to be ya !!!

What if Israeli's really were chosen people/the chosen people.....but they were chosen to protect/take care of their Palestinian/Palestinian Christian neighbors.....and this was the key to their salvation/their deliverance/their holiness. Of the 151,700 Christians now living in Israel...122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN CHRISTIANS.....with a few thousand more Palestinian Christians living in the West Bank/Gaza. Palestinian Christians are believed to be one of the most ancient lines of Christians in the world...who likely converted from Judaism to Christianity around the time of Christ or shortly thereafter. Most Palestinians belong to the Greek Orthodox/Orthodox Christian faith group. (figure from Palestinian/Arab Christians Wikipedia).

Netanyahu for Anti-Christ? He’s got my vote! ..........Benjamin Netanyahu knows no bounds.By staging a mass human sacrifice in Gaza, the Israeli PM has earned the approbation of the 81% of Israeli voters who relish the blood of Palestinian children. (I pity the other 19%, who are stuck living in a nation of sadists and ghouls.)By turning the majority of his countrymen into demons who gleefully feast on the flesh of dead and dismembered children, Netanyahu has demonstrated amazing political acumen. His mass human sacrifice has virtually guaranteed his re-election as Prime Minister of Israel.

Poor old Nettie ,wore out Dictator.

Here's a great plan for Israel......build an enormous bulletproof/plexiglass dome over the entire country....with guard towers and guards with high powered machine guns and high tech surveillance. Of course, you'll need large oxygen tanks and pumps on top to bring in fresh air. If any of Israel's neighbors attempt to break into the dome to get water or food, or something like that, they'll just be turned away, or the guards will instantly spring into action protecting the "chosen prisoners"....er....I mean the "chosen people" who live in the giant plexiglass dome paradise of Israel. After a few years of this the chosen people will be beamed to heaven as their filthy/unchosen neighbors die like dogs from thirst and starvation outside the Jewish/Israeli "dome of life". Of course this dome will require quite a bit of high tech innovation and ingenuity on the part of Israeli engineers, scientists and corporations...but I'm sure they'll be up to the task. Paradise awaits !!!

Israel and America's refusal to comply with...and blocking of....repeated U.N. peace resolutions/peace diplomacy over the years concerning Israel/the Palestinian Territories....is highly disturbing. International law concerning land rights...lies heavily in favor of the Palestinians concerning Jewish settlements in the West Bank etc. When other nations refuse to comply with these U.N. resolutions...we threaten trade sanctions/war. Yet we reward Israel with foreign aid/armaments for their obstinance. The U.N. is one of the largest non-profit/charitable PEACEMAKING organizations on earth. 116 of the 193 member nations in the U.N....have voting populations which are over 50% Christian. Jesus said "blessed are the peacemakers"...I guess many on the far-right in the American and Israeli governments....who claim to be Christians....don't agree with Jesus on this point. They seem to favor the phrase "blessed are the hundreds of billions we spend on jet-fighters, tanks, drones, nuclear warheads and barbed-wire clad border walls.". (there is now a 420 mile long cement/barbed wire border-wall between Israel and the Palestinian Territory of the West Bank).

Italy - today, same political clowns as 1946....bring back Mussolini?The U.S./Israeli military budgets are too large and need to be downsized....not increased by $2 trillion dollars.....as some in the last U.S. election cycle were suggesting. The cause of most wars/civil-strife abroad is lack of food, water, land, resources, education, opportunity, civil/human rights, democracy etc.....this lack of the basics needed to live pushes people towards religious/political extremism to try get what they need by force. The solution is downsizing the military and using that money for international development/investment/democracy education/no-interest business-loans/grants etc.....this will bring peace through peaceful means....not through force....peace by force is not really peace..but just holding a gun to someone's head to make them cooperate. Diverting massive amounts of money into military hardware takes it out of the hands of those who need it most....and freezes the money up in the form of idle tanks, bombs and jet planes etc.....and almost guarantees further future warfare. Extreme military spending is like a prophecy for warfare.....as large segments of national populations fall into neglect/want and are pushed into extremism.....whether it be political extremism or religious extremism.

Bye bye Bibi - Your coalition won't last a year...and Lapid will be forming the next one....

Wow he looks evil!!!

Barry, get our money back from the little sheet

It recently came out that Netanyahu was as a young man, a member of a group of Israelis who stole and smuggled American nuclear weapons technology and materials. The front company they used in California left a mess that could cost the taxpayers a half billion dollars to clean up. Bibi was also one of the architects of the 9/11 false flag mass murder of 3,000 people in 2001. He was so full of glee on 9/11 that he couldn't resist stating how it was "very good for Israel". When Bibi's not stealing from and killing Americans, he's lobbying for the release of Jewish-American traitor Jonathan Pollard.

In the original 1948 UN mandate Jerusalem was to be an independent city state open to all religions.  It was not to go to one country.

I will just be glad when they stop accusing everybody who disagrees with them of being guilty of supporting the holocaust.  Just because others want israel to abide by borders and agreements does not make them anti israel. They bomb one of our intel ships and claim we need to support them without question.

That picture is enough to scare even dracula.

Palestinian Christians: Many ethnicities have lived in the area of Mandate Palestine dating back thousands of years. Consequently, Palestinian Christians are the descendants of the many peoples who have lived in the area. Today, the majority of Palestinian Christians live abroad. In 2005, it was estimated that the Christian population of the PALESTINIAN TERRITORIES was between 40,000 and 90,000 people, or 0.9-1.7% of total population of West Bank and Gaza combined. Most are in the West Bank, but there is a community of 5,000 in the Gaza Strip. Palestinian Christians IN ISRAEL number between 144,000 and 196,000, or 2.1 to 2.8% of the total population, and about 9.8% of the non-Jewish Palestinian population. Hundreds of thousands of Palestinian Christians currently live outside of the Palestine region. (From Wikipedia/Palestinian Christians).

---------Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,Yet he and the far right's party control the interior, military, the IDF, and the settlements of the occupied territory.  He and those that think like minded control the key to the government and it's main policy of expansion.

The extremist Orthodox settler Jews in Israel have pushed/bullied the Palestinians without concern for the pain they were creating......took things from Palestinians which did not belong to them...now their free government/religion welfare ride from Israel is being taken away and they are being forced to work....and join the military like other Israeli citizens. If the Orthodox Settler Jews in Israel are working more....maybe they won't have time to terrorize Palestinian citizens, destroy Palestinian orchards, fill in Palestinian water-wells, steal/squat on Palestinian lands/farm lands......granted to Palestinians by international treaty. The free ride in the name of religion is going away.....should have had some compassion for your Palestinian neighbors....now get to work.

That EVIL picture fits him.

----Resolution 592: " . . . 'strongly deplores' the killing of Palestinian students at Bir Zeit University by Israeli troops". *Resolution 605: " . . . 'strongly deplores' Israel's policies and practices denying the human rights of Palestinians. *

--------By way of deception, Thou shalt do war,,,,NAZIsrel motto,,,,

Arab Christians (Arabic: العرب المسيحيين Al-'Arab Al-Masihiyin) are ethnic Arabs of Christian faith, sometimes also including those, who are identified with Arab panethnicity. They are the remnants of ancient Arab Christian clans or Arabized Christians (Melchites). Many of the modern Arab Christians are descendants of pre-Islamic Christian Arabian tribes, namely the Kahlani Qahtani tribes of ancient Yemen (i.e. Ghassanids, Lakhmids, Banu Judham and Hamadan). During the 5th and 6th centuries the Ghassanids, who adopted Monophysite Christianity, formed one of the most powerful Arab confederations allied to Christian Byzantium, being a buffer against the pagan tribes of Arabia. The last king of the Lakhmids, Nu'man III, a client of the Sasanian (Persian) Empire in the late sixth century AD, also converted to Christianity (in this case, to the Nestorian sect). Arab Christians played important role in Al-Nahda, as a matter of fact Arab Christians formed the educated elite and the bourgeois class, they have a significant impact in politices and economic and culture, and most important figures of the Al-Nahda movement were Christian Arabs. Today Arab Christians play important roles in the Arab world, and Christians are relatively wealthy, well educated, and politically moderate (from Wikipedia/Arab Christians).

David, why do you show one eye?  Not an attack just a question.

Free Palestine.  Oppression is wrong.  It is that simple.

I swear I have seen that face on the back of a horse

-----SALAM, and God bless Palestine,,,,All Jews are bat #$%$ crazies that think: God gave them Israel twice after Jews abandoned the country for 2000 years. Israel can do no wrong, even though the entire world disagrees on your theocracy and settlements. Crazy loons.

get rid of nut'nyahoo!

----SALAM,------Hey NAZiyhau, even the Ultra Orthodox oppose you,,,

New... Israel Relations Bill... section 9 - provides visas, on site, on arrival at US to all Israeli's.Russians? Ukraine? Any number of different "stans." That all make up Israel? Float in and out? "It helps them to buy property here." Not even "I"... Alabama... can make this chit up.This is gonna be easier than swimming the river!

No more aid to Israel until they vacate the settlements, tear down the separation wall, let the Palestinians use the hebe only roads, and get behind the green line...

Evil

------Remember Palestine before terrorist groups of hagana, Irgun,,,,massacred and terrorized Palestinians, young and old,,,,,

----Remember Rachel Corrie,,,,

-------By way of deception, Thou shalt do war,,,,NAZIsrel motto,,,,

Samantha • 31 secs agoDavid Rosenthal • 1 minute 19 seconds agoIt is no skin off my back if you prefer to worship evil. You have been warned.____________Satan IS beautiful. He doesn't ask us to kill in his name like your gods do. Follow Satan and be saved! 666 ya'll !!!You don't even know Satan.  You best shut up.  It's more than you can handle.Even his combover is deception.

If Netanyahu turns out to be the anti-Christ ... I will not be shocked WHAT-SO-EVER

I never thought I would see the day when Benji would have to share power with people even more Zionist than himself.

I read Mark Twain's account of his travels in Palestine in 1867.He wrote "There is not a solitary village throughout its whole extent". When the Russian Jews arrived in the 1880s they bought land and cultivated it, they improved water supply and eradicated malaria, nearly killed themselves working.Everything improved dramatically. Arabs were attracted to the Jewish settlements by the enterprises and work opportunities."If the Palestinian kids were taught the history of the area at school instead of antisemitism and the joys of martyrdom it would be a step in the right direction.

-----Remember USS Liberty,,,

The picture should read "Israeli Crime Minister netanyahu"

For a minute there I thought I was on the wrong forum...

russia ended with a bloodless coup. could israel finally be coming to its senses?it would be unreal if they actually stopped all this settlement garbage.funny how all the televangelists and the likes always kiss the jews on the rear while the jews spit on us secretly. i am speaking of the idiots that call themselves jews and wipe their blanks with the ten commandments. not the nice ones. thou shall not kill?! hmmm... targeted assassinations? but no death penalty? you do not agree... you're a terrorist and...p.s. i stopped for gas and asked the guy where he was from. he said he was palestinian and i said you are p.l.o. he looked at me with genuine fear and said quickly "NO!!"i felt bad about that joke attempt.

WISHING ALL THE WORST FOR THIS ZIONAZI BAS-TURD

The extremist Orthodox settler Jews in Israel have pushed/bullied the Palestinians without concern for the pain they were creating......took things from Palestinians which did not belong to them...now their free government/religion welfare ride from Israel is being taken away and they are being forced to work....and join the military like other Israeli citizens. If the Orthodox Settler Jews in Israel are working more....maybe they won't have time to terrorize Palestinian citizens, destroy Palestinian orchards, fill in Palestinian water-wells, steal/squat on Palestinian lands/farm lands......granted to Palestinians by international treaty. The free ride in the name of religion is going away.....should have had some compassion for your Palestinian neighbors....now get to work.----God bless the U.S,,,

His face disgusts me, not to mention his bigotry, racism and lies!

ISM- "The International Solidarity Movement (ISM) is an organization focused on assisting the Palestinian cause in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict using nonviolent protests....The organization calls on civilians from around the world to participate in acts of non-violent protests against the Israeli military in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip."

The U.S./Israeli military budgets are too large and needs to be downsized....not increased by $2 trillion dollars.....as some in the last U.S. election cycle were suggesting. The cause of most wars/civil-strife abroad is lack of food, water, land, resources, education, opportunity, civil/human rights, democracy etc.....this lack of the basics needed to live pushes people towards religious/political extremism to try get what they need by force. The solution is downsizing the military and using that money for international development/investment/democracy education/no-interest business-loans/grants etc.....this will bring peace through peaceful means....not through force....peace by force is not really peace..but just holding a gun to someone's head to make them cooperate. Diverting massive amounts of money into military hardware takes it out of the hands of those who need it most....and freezes the money up in the form of idle tanks, bombs and jet planes etc.....and almost guarantees further future warfare. Extreme military spending is like a prophecy for warfare.....as large segments of national populations fall into neglect/want.

---Yeah Bibi, that comb over ain't foolin' no body!

Give the Palestinians some land for Gods sake!

--------By way of deception, Thou shalt do war,,,,NAZIsrel motto,,,,

Benny, leave the mic open when you chat "privately" with Barack Hussein Obama...he falls for this every time! Leverage this fraud for everything you can get from of him.

Nutnyahoo's future is uncertain. He never should have tried to subvert a United States presidential election. America is blessed by god and Israel will suffer.

picture explains why Israeli women eat crackers in bedThe Fogels were slaughtered by a man from the WB, who admitted it with pride.Yep, he claimed that slashing an infants throat made him a martyr....To me (not that anyone asked) Rachel Corries mission is not the issue.That was her choice. What matters now is that her death be recognized for what it was-an accident.I suggest it would be apapropriate to google 'Vittorio Arrigoni'.He went to Gaza to help, and was hung by a salafist faction .That was NOT an accident.

The category of 'Palestinian Arab Christian' came to assume a political dimension in the 19th century as international interest grew and foreign institutions were developed there. The urban elite began to undertake the construction of a modern multi-religious Arab civil society. When the British wrested the country from the Ottoman Empire in 1917, and began to assume their obligations under the Mandate, many British dignitaries in London were surprised to discover so many Christian leaders in the Palestinian nationalist movement, and had difficulty understanding the indigenous Arab Christian commitment to Palestinian nationalism. After the war of 1948 the Christian population in the West Bank, under Jordanian control, dropped rapidly, falling by more than half between that year and 1961 in Jerusalem alone. The same process occurred in Israel where Christians emptied out en masse after 1948. Constituting 21% of Israel's Arab population in 1950, they now make up just 9% of that group. These trends accelerated after the 1967 war in the aftermath of Israel's takeover of the West Bank and Gaza. (from Palestinian Christians/Wikipedia).

----Resolution 605: " . . . 'strongly deplores' Israel's policies and practices denying the human rights of Palestinians. *

This guy looks dangerous

Livni killed 1600 Palestinians in the Gaza War, 400 children.  She's the most extreme satanist I've ever seen in my life.

----Remember White Phosphorus used in GAZA,,,,

Pal: you need to get a grip. Chrildren read these threads &amp; your relentless foul language is a turn off.

netanyahoo is the contemporary hitler.

He is the man that has kept Israel alive and well , You get rid of Him and look out .

Are the "palestinians" who are propping up Assad and killing the freedom fighters in Syria going to get to vote or is it just the West Bank "palestinians" that get to vote?There are repeated posts on Yahoo comments by those who quote Old Testament scripture...written well before the appearance of Christ......which states that those who curse Israel will be cursed. I say that those who encourage right-wing settler Jews to take/steal Palestinian lands, granted by international treaty.....are cursing Israel by allowing hatred and discord to grow between Israeli's and Palestinians/Arabs, which continues to create a ripe environment for warfare and terror, not only in Israel, but throughout the Middle-East. This is a grave threat to Israel itself. Nations of the West have been feeding financial aid and arms to Israel for years...why?...to create a stable base for possible military action in the Middle-East in the event that western oil supplies are threatened. This aid and propping up of dictators in the Middle-East to protect oil interests has not been a blessing to Israel or the West, but a CURSE, which has disenfranchised millions of Arabs/Muslims from democratic participation in their OWN governments. The desperation and hatred which has been caused by these Western oil company manipulations of Arab governments/propping up of oil-dictators.....has created a fertile breeding ground for terror and religious fanaticism. The ROOT cause of Muslim fanaticism can be traced back to this. This Western financial and military aid to Israel has allowed Israel to exist as an island state in the Middle-East. A state which is alienated from their neighbors and depends increasingly on arms, nuclear weapons, outside aid from wealthy "allies", border walls, checkpoints, high tech survellience as well as complexed political manipulations/propaganda to sabotage all peace efforts with the Palestinians...which includes opposing and demonizing almost all moves towards peaceful resolution by the U.N., one of the most effective peacemaking/peacekeeping organizations on earth. The modern nation of Israel was created as a joint effort by the nations of the west and the embyonic U.N....as a refuge from the horrors of Nazi Germany/the Jewish holocaust. This was a great act of sympathy and compassion by the nations of the world to the Jewish people. Israeli's should not let pride get the best of them and believe that continuing offenses and alienation/hostility towards their neighbors is going unnoticed by the rest of the world, the world who once had great compassion and respect for Israel

Samantha is not a Satanist.

----Given the nature of the charters of both the Talmoud and israel as a Jewish only state, calling for the deaths of Palestine would you honestly consider that they could ever live 'on a free and equal basis' with Arabs. They never have in the past - there was always the little question of being CHOSEN and the payment of the humanity for the holocaust to be taken into consideration.There were always the expectations that if a Jew was accused of a crime against a non jew his Talmoud tells him to lie, he would be bound to be convicted....

Israel and America's refusal to comply with...and blocking of....repeated U.N. peace resolutions/peace diplomacy over the years concerning Israel/the Palestininan Territories....is highly disturbing. International law concerning land rights...lies heavily in favor of the Palestinians concerning Jewish settlements in the West Bank etc. When other nations refuse to comply with these U.N. resolutions...we threaten trade sanctions/war. Yet we reward Israel with foreign aid/armaments for their obstinance. The U.N. is one of the largest non-profit/charitable PEACEMAKING organizations on earth. 116 of the 193 member nations in the U.N....have voting populations which are over 50% Christian. Jesus said "blessed are the peacemakers"...I guess many on the far-right in the America and Israel governments....who claim to be Christians....don't agree with Jesus on this point. They seem to favor the phrase "blessed are the hundreds of billions we spend on jet-fighters, tanks, drones, nuclear warheads and barbed-wire clad border walls.". (there is now a 420 mile long cement/barbed wire border-wall between Israel and the Palestinian Territory of the West Bank).

Netanyahu has a bad comb over!

---Just for you:------A list of UN Resolutions against "Israel" 1955-1992: *Resolution 106: " . . . 'condemns' Israel for Gaza raid". *Resolution 111: " . . . 'condemns' Israel for raid on Syria that killed fifty-six people". * Resolution 127: " . . . 'recommends' Israel suspends it's 'no-man's zone' in Jerusalem". *Resolution 162: " . . . 'urges' Israel to comply with UN decisions". *Resolution 171: " . . . determines flagrant violations' by Israel in its attack on Syria". Resolution 228: " . . . 'censures' Israel for its attack on Samu in the West Bank, then under Jordanian control". *Resolution 237: " . . . 'urges' Israel to allow return of new 1967 Palestinian refugees". Resolution 248: " . . . 'condemns' Israel for its massive attack on Karameh in Jordan". *Resolution 250: " . . . 'calls' on Israel to refrain from holding military parade in Jerusalem". *Resolution 251: " . . . 'deeply deplores' Israeli military parade in Jerusalem in defiance of Resolution 250". *Resolution 252: " . . . 'declares invalid' Israel's acts to unify Jerusalem as Jewish capital". *

------Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,

Hey Bibi, that comb over ain't foolin' no one dude!

-------Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,

------Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,Rocky ,wonder if the Pals get lucky.

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)The Antichrist will be  Jews

The New Testament has a biblical account of ARAB conversion to Christianity recorded in the book of Acts. When St. Peter preaches to the people of Jerusalem, they ask, "And how is it that we hear, each of us in his own native language?.... both Jews and proselytes, Cretans and ARABIANS—we hear them telling in our own tongues the mighty works of God." (Acts 2:8, 11, English Standard Version). Arab Christians are thus one of the oldest Christian communities. (from Arab Christians/Wikipedia).

Look at that evil Bibi, elected by the Israeli people, compromising with 3 other parties to form a coalition in less then 2 month , while poor unelected Hamas and poor unelected Abbas can't have their unity!

Bibi has a big, fat head

arabs check their young camels from behind.

arabs get all perked up when they smell their young virgin goats.

It is a great tragedy for the Palestinians that the corruption of Fatah and the PA made the growth of Hamas inevitable. What the Palestinians need is democratic secular politics and not this religious nonsense. The influence of political Islam on Palestinian public life is a significant obstacle to peace.It is such a joke when people talk about Islam in general terms as "religions of peace".

Isreal's defeats to Hezbollah in 2006, Hamas in 2012, the Re-Election of President Obama and the worldwide rejection of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu policies have resulted in a wounded animal syndrome.Mossad will be working overtime.Watch out for a False Flag operations motivated out of a desperate need for redemption.

"NutinYahoo"....!!! just a WARmonger"....!!! take fed reserve and Stick it up your #$%$.!!!!----Remember Sabra and Shatilah,,,,

-----Everyone, welcome the psycho, the legend (not so much), the soon to be cricified, David Rosenthal. He wants me to pay for him to hang on a cross. Now, isn't David a good Jew for Jesus to do that for the world. We can make his epitaph:"For David Rosenthal so loved the world that he gave his only begotten self" HA!

Arab Christians for long time until Islam came along and wiped it out. Jesus said the Anti Christ will come and fool the people.

---------By way of deception, Thou shalt do war,,,,NAZIsrel motto,,,,

Israel has become an enormous prison for Palestinians and Israeli's in the Middle-east. Israelis and Palestinians are like two opposing prison gangs fighting for control of the prison yard, Yet, neither group is free to travel, trade and live throughout the greater Middle-east. They are like pariahs. To understand Israeli/Palestinian internal politics we need to study the politics of prison gangs and gang warfare. Israeli's and Palestinians are both oppressed groups forced to live together in Prison Israel. Their powerlessness over outside world politics makes them turn on one another to vent their aggression/powerlessness, which is worsening the situation in their Israeli/Palestinian PRISON REALITIES. Hitler, Nazism and world anti-semitism has pushed these two groups together historically and now they are left cannibalizing one another, instead of recognizing their mutual oppressors.......anti-semitic men of hatred/dictatorship....and don't forget Mid-Eastern oil politics and multinational corporate power.....corporate power unrestrained by democratic national governments in the Middle-East and North Africa. The best thing that has ever happened to Israel and the Palestinians is the democratic reforms now occurring in the Middle-East. Pray that these political movements favor democracy/modernity. Oppressed people worldwide commonly turn on one another when faced with a foe who is overwhelmingly powerful. Drug dealing, gun running, drug addiction, alcoholism, violence, electing prison-strongmen/gang-strongmen, petty crime, smuggling, exploiting/degrading women, preying on the physically weak/small, fanatical religion are methods that weak/oppressed/impoverished men often use in attempts to regain their manhood/dignity....all this FAKE power is simply a symptom of having NO power...or failing to overcome the will of your oppressor through legitimate political/economic means. This type of acting out is extremely destructive to impoverished communities and women/children in these communities and eventually destroys the men in these communities. Right now the Israeli government is the dominant prison-gang in Prison Israel....this power gives the illusion of moral superiority. Judaism and Islam.....two religions devoid of Christ. Two groups of people at war.

who give a #$%$ what he does ? do you ?Whom is this #$%$, anyhow that his picture comes up on the web screen?He is a cold blooded, low level killer who, if he get his hands on, would wipe out every Christian and Muslims

Oh well when he's done as President he always has that cartoon drawing job to fall back on!

Everyone, welcome the psycho, the legend (not so much), the soon to be cricified, David Rosenthal.  He wants me to pay for him to hang on a cross.  Now, isn't David a good Jew for Jesus to do that for the world.  We can make his epitaph:"For David Rosenthal so loved the world that he gave his only begotten self"  HA!

---------Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,

--------Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,who is going to free the american people??????

----More U.N.Resolutions vilation:-----Resolution 251: " . . . 'deeply deplores' Israeli military parade in Jerusalem in defiance of Resolution 250". *Resolution 252: " . . . 'declares invalid' Israel's acts to unify Jerusalem as Jewish capital". *Resolution 256: " . . . 'condemns' Israeli raids on Jordan as 'flagrant violation". * Resolution 259: " . . . 'deplores' Israel's refusal to accept UN mission to probe occupation". *Resolution 262: " . . . 'condemns' Israel for attack on Beirut airport". *Resolution 265: " . . . 'condemns' Israel for air attacks for Salt in Jordan". * Resolution 267: " . . . 'censures' Israel for administrative acts to change the status of Jerusalem". *Resolution 270: " . . . 'condemns' Israel for air attacks on villages in southern Lebanon". *

To Common Sense:Who did the Arabs invade?  Read a history book.  It was Israel that did the invading.  Jerusalem was under the protectorship of TransJordan since the end of WWII and Christians, Jews and Arabs lived there peacefully.

David, would you suck off a donkey, on CBS at 9 PM, for the security of israel?  If Bibi asked that someone do it...

Bibi found out about the overwhelming majority of Ameican support for Israel on his last vist to American; during a Presidential Election...LOL!

I think Bibi hatches zioNAZIM off follicles on his back like an Amphibian or lays eggs like a hermaphrodite reptile...

The 1922 census of Palestine recorded over 200 localities with a Christian population. The totals by denomination for all of Palestine were:Greek Orthodox 33,369, Syriac Orthodox (Jacobite) 813, Roman Catholic 14,245, Greek Catholic (Melkite) 11,191, Syrian Catholic 323, Armenian Catholic 271, Maronite 2,382, Armenian Orthodox (Gregorian) 2,939, Coptic Church 297, Abyssinian Church 85, Church of England 4,553, Presbyterian Church 361, Protestants 826, Lutheran Church 437, Templars Community 724, others 208. (from Palestinian Christians/Wikipedia).

Israelis want a country that resembles the USA. Palestinians want Somalia.These are no reconcilable aims.

Ever since the palestinians declared "victory" on 9/11/2001 - screw em!

just remember to earmark enough $$$hekel$$$ for the haredi leeches-------Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,

--------Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,

----Israel is a racist entity, have you seen  how NAZIsrel treats African Jews?,,,some were forced back,,,

What a B.S article. None of the politicians believe the Palestinians sincerely want peace. This election was all about internal stuff and Iran.

How adamant of the Palestinians are about their myths. Mark Twain found a desolate unoccupied land in Jerusalem Tsfat and Hevron. ….. A desolate country whose soil is rich enough, but is given over wholly to weeds… a silent mournful expanse….a desolation…. we never saw a human being on the whole route…. hardly a tree or shrub anywhere.Even the olive tree and the cactus, those fast friends of a worthless soil, had almost deserted the country."

The 420 mile long border wall between Israel and the West Bank is a wall of evil. Border walls destroy eco-systems/stop animal migrations, separate families, block beautiful views, separate people from access to water, jobs and food and send a message of suspicion and hatred to neighboring nations. Border walls represent a failure to live in peace and stay engaged with your neighbors. The new Lebanese border wall, which Israel is now building, simply represents continued failure to resolve regional differences....as well as failure to respect U.N. resolutions/U.N. authority......resolutions, that if respected, would likely have resolved many of these simmering regional differences long ago. Israel plods forward with border walls, fighter planes, nuclear weapons, high-tech surveillence, check points, anti-Palestinian propaganda, outside monetary and military aid. Israel now exists as aheavily armed ISLAND STATE in the Middle-east...not able to trade or travel freely with it's neighbors. The "chosen people" are now becoming the chosen prisoners. The walls that Israel is building can not only keep people/foreigners out....but also keep Israeli's trapped within Israel. I hope Israeli's are never forced to emigrate out of Israel....these border walls will be convenient tools used by Israel's enemies to keep Israeli citizens trapped within the borders of Israel....if future warfare/crisis requires Israeli's to leave their territory/nation quickly. Many on the far-right are advocating similar walls in America to keep out immigrants. These types of walls are becoming common worldwide....generally to keep out impoverished refugees seeking work/refuge from political persecution. Type UNHCR into your search engine to learn more. The U.N. is made up of 194 member nations...116 of these member nations have majority Christian voting populations, most of the member nations of the U.N. are democracies....or well on their way to becoming democracies. (these facts can be checked by studying the national statistics section at the back of almost any world atlas....if you have a list of U.N. member nations). The U.N. is not run by Muslim terrorists/dictators....as many on the far-right in America and Israel would lead you to believe.

Jews and Isreali's are two different animals; the latter being the lesser!

Good lord he looks evil in that picture.

----Resolution 573: " . . . 'condemns' Israel 'vigorously' for bombing Tunisia in attack on PLO headquarters. *

NO MORE WARS FOR ISRAEL!Will somebody please get that face off the internet, people are using it for target practice !

netanyahu picture: excuse my face. im sitting on a thumb and i love it!

Consider in 2,000 years of archeological History of the New Testamentand critics trying to prove it wrong it has never been disproven. Cananyone give a reasonable explanation of how the Great Pyramid of Gizaor the megalithic structures of Puma punka in Bolivia were designed orconstructed by so called "bronze age" primitive men? How about themegalithic stones of Baalbek? Maya/Inca?There are supernatural forcesinvolved that are good (God/angels) and evil. (Devil/demons/evil spirits)Everyone is making a choice. To reject God is the unpardonable sin.Simple as that. ..

Looks like he's getting ragged out ,been in office to long ,dictators got to go.

AP - arab press.

Foreign Fukestinian Arabs have never had Hope or Peace and never will until the accept their inalienable right of return to Mecca homeland.

Prime Minister of Israel - Congratulations!Spanish -- felicitacionesFrench -- FelicitationsChinese -- gong xiJapanese -- omedetouYiddish/Hebrew -- Mazel tov!Arabic -- alif mabroukHindi -- Badhai HoDutch -- GefeliciteerdGerman -- Wir gratulieren!Russian -- Pos-drah-vleya-yu

looks just like the devil

He looks very Satanic.

England and  North America  doesn 't know  the Israel situarion  both are move by the Arabian Petroleum  ,they pray for two gods ,they want to satify  israelites  and  Palestinians ,North America  never ever a war inside their land  , slepping an work with a neighbour  trowing  bombs any time in Jerusalem and terrorist  attacks ,North America will take other position in this conflict  ,instead to push Israel to give back territory .Netanyahu"I can't stand him any more, he's a liar," Mr Sarkozy said in French."You may be sick of him, but me, I have to deal with him every day," Mr Obama repliedTzipi LivniWar CrimesLibermanFraudNo wonder Obama wants to talk to the people.

Historically, the ultra-orthodox do not take being pushed to the fringe well. Just ask the Rabin family.

Can you imagine all peaceful muslim countries living side by side with their neighbors in peace and even with them selves. For the good of mankind. Neither can they

Theres definitely a dark entity on board him as well.Fascinating how you can see them.I just hope when you all are finally awakened you dont freak out and do something stupid.

Pal, Israel offered 94% of the land demanded by the Palestinians which they preferred to reject in favor of continued terrorism.

no more hand outs for Dossim

There no sigh of Hamas desiring peace with Israel. Indeed, that's the last thing they want. They're prepared for a lengthy cease-fire during which they rearm and prepare to attempt to conquer Israel when it suits them on the model of the original Islam/Jewish encounters.

Rachel Corrie will be honored long after your insane ideology has been consigned to the trash can of history

At any rate, have a good weekend everyone.

What if Israeli's really were chosen people/the chosen people.....but they were chosen to protect/take care of.....their Palestinian/Palestinian Christian neighbors.....and this was the key to their salvation/deliverance/holiness. Of the 151,700 Christians now living in Israel...122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN CHRISTIANS.....with a few thousand more Palestinian Christians living in the West Bank/Gaza. Palestinian Christians are believed to be one of the most ancient lines of Christians in the world...who likely converted from Judaism to Christianity around the time of Christ or shortly thereafter. Most Palestinians belong to the Greek Orthodox/Orthodox Christian faith group. (figure from Palestinian/Arab Christians Wikipedia).He will do fine on a rocky road.  His head is a ROCK!  Stubborn war hawk !

From Wiki:Ad hominem abuse (also called personal abuse or personal attacks) usuallyinvolves insulting or belittling one's opponent in order to invalidate hisargument, but can also involve pointing out factual but ostensible characterflaws or actions which are irrelevant to the opponent's argument. This tacticis logically fallacious because insults and even true negative facts aboutthe opponent's personal character have nothing to do with the logical meritsof the opponent's arguments or assertions.

They call themselves the "Chosen People" in a book that was written by Yids, for Yids and about Yids.

Honor Rachel by Continuing Struggle for Peace and Justice

Given the nature of the charters of both the Talmoud and israel as a Jewish only state, calling for the deaths of Palestine would you honestly consider that they could ever live 'on a free and equal basis' with Arabs. They never have in the past - there was always the little question of being CHOSEN and the payment of the humanity for the holocaust to be taken into consideration.There were always the expectations that if a Jew was accused of a crime against a non jew his Talmoud tells him to lie, he would be bound to be convicted.

POS

Palestinian Christians are Christians descended from the peoples of the geographical area of Palestine, that is within modern Israel, the Palestinian territories and Jordan, as well as Christians who emigrated to the area. In this area, there are churches and believers from many Christian denominations, including Oriental Orthodoxy, Anglican, Eastern Orthodoxy, Catholic (Eastern and Western rites), Protestant, and others. In both the local dialect of Palestinian Arabic and in classical or modern standard Arabic, Christians are called Nasrani (a derivative of the Arabic word for Nazareth, al-Nasira) or Masihi (a derivative of Arabic word Masih, meaning "Messiah"). In HEBREW, they are called Notzri (also spelt Notsri), which means "Nazarene". Today, Christians comprise less than 4% of Palestinians living within the borders of former Mandate Palestine. They are approximately 4% of the West Bank population, less than 1% in Gaza, and nearly 10% of Israel's Palestinian population. According to official British Mandate estimates, Mandate Palestine’s Christian population in 1922 comprised 9.5% of the total population and 7.9% in 1946. Today, the majority of Palestinian Christians live outside of the former Mandate Palestine because of emigration. The reasons for the emigration are hotly debated, but the same pattern is unfolding in several other Arab countries where Christian communities are under increasing pressure. Of the 151,700 Christians now living in Israel....122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN CHRISTIANS. (from Palestinian Christians/Wikipedia).

@Pal.  I hope this helps:  See below:God is either physical or nonphysical. (immaterial) Jesus affirmed that He isspirit (nonphysical) and that he "fills heaven and earth". He is everywhere.No one could exist in this cosmos if that were literal. We'd be in big trouble.There'd be no space for anything else. But, we do exist and so does otherphysical entities. God being invisible does not mean He does not exist, he isomnipresent (everywhere), He is non material.In a court of law, just because you have no photographic evidence does not meanthe crime did not exist. We do not throw out the testimony of the witnesses.Five hundred plus saw Jesus after resurrection in addition to His disciples. So,life changing was that many of them devoted their lives teaching about Jesus. Manysuffered horrible deaths. Would you really believe they would want to be crucifiedand tortured for a lie? I don't think so.

Out of the 151,700 Christians now living in Israel....as Israeli citizens....122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN CHRISTIANS. (figures from Palestinian/Arab Christians/Wikipedia).

Hey Jew-hating #$%$ - as you pull your thumbs out of your butts - don't forget to lick them or your sadistic prophet would be upset.Yet another scary photo of Netanyahu with this article.Yahoo AP should be charged with visual abuse.

Overwhelming majority of Americans......LOL!

Much of the evidence that I've read concerning the Palestinian Christians in Israel indicates that they converted to Christianity from Judaism shortly after the crucifiction of Christ. Palestinian Christians are converted Jews.....and one of the most ancient lines of Christians on earth. Makes you wonder if the identity of the actual chosen people is somewhat confused in Israel.

Sure Isreal needs King Obama to solidify a government they think so much of his leadership  NOT

That picture looks like he's auditioning for the lead role in the Omen.

NUKES, all for one or none for all!

Rachel Corrie's days of support of terrorism are over.

---------Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,

Despite the formal disapproval of religious authority, the segregation of women in Muslim societies and the strong emphasis on male virility leads adolescent males and unmarried young men to seek sexual outlets with boys younger than themselves—in one study in Morocco, with boys in the age-range 7 to 13.

ISHY so pook is 43 y/o woman.  Does she have a husband. I am guessing not because of all the hate and frustration.lol.............what a pic of Net Tin Yahoo.

Ishy- Forget about the sht that was posted today---aahmm the "lies" OKAY!......One thing you can't &amp; will not--- I repeat WILL NOT prove wrong is Islam!!!! Wow hey I feel "sick" when you &amp; your friend David post sht about Islam!! SHT I SAY!!!!!!

Sad to see Hebrews thinking that the USA is going to follow them into the next war.

Ishy- I apologize for that. But what you are saying about Rachel is a flat out lie!!!

If muslim countries told the truth and stealing was againt their faith. The first thing they would say is isreal does not belong to us and never has.

David had to call in "N" for reinforcements...  2 peas in a racist pod...

Whatever happened with that Goldstone report?  Is it just sitting on the shelf with the "palestinian" statehood paperwork?

I think he hides his horns under the comb over...

----Resolution 592: " . . . 'strongly deplores' the killing of Palestinian students at Bir Zeit University by Israeli troops". *

Israel has NEVER violated a single binding UN resolution.David, do you want to be crucified?  It is St. Patty's Day and I am sure we could draw a crowd...  You could say your last words to an audience.  I will pay for it all...  You have to want it.

Do NOT allow Obama to interfere with your country. He's an imbecile and he's on the side of muslims, NOT JEWS! If he can #$%$... HE WILL! look what he's done to America that the illiterate dreamers elected.

----wow,,,these HasbaRATS thumb fast,,,,,

Netanyahu alias Darth Vader is a threat to the middle east if not the world !!

How about this for a palestian anthemwe are from other arab countries and have no nameso we went looking for land and someone to blameAll our arabs brothers just threw us outBut give us money for weapons to kill and shoutLets kill the jews and take their landthe oil hungry nations will just understandA lot of countries don't really careon 9/11 when we danced in the airSo lets overthrow Israel and tell you it's minethis fictional place called palestine.

With a false convert, according to Mark 4:5, there are immediate results. They don’t weigh the issues. The gospel they hear is not a gospel that’s preceded by the Law. They’re not made to tremble before the throne of a holy God. They’re told they need to get assurance they’re going to Heaven. They think they’re already going to Heaven. Most people think that. Why? They go about to establish their own righteousness, being ignorant of the righteousness which is of God.62% of Americans believe in a literal Hell, but they don’t believe they’re going there. They think they’re too good.  Now that’s human nature. “Every man will proclaim his own goodness.” “There is a way that seems right to man, but the end thereof is the way of death.” The modern gospel says, “You need to have assurance that you’re going to Heaven. You shouldn’t go to Hell. You need to come and give your life to Christ. You must have faith inJesus,” and they preach Christ crucified.  So the sinner thinks he deserves Heaven anyway, comes and gives his heart to Jesus, and gets assurance he’s going to Heaven. He’s got no understanding of sin because Paul said, “I had not known sin but by the Law.” 1 John 3:4 says, “sin is transgression of the Law.” He’s given assurance that he’s saved, he’s followed up, he’s set in a church, he finds new friends, a new lifestyle, gets ahold of his alcohol problem, deals with it, and things go sweet.And there’s still no repentance, and when there’s no understanding of sin, there is no Godly sorrow, which works repentance. And Jesus said, “Unless you repent, you will perish.” And the church is filled with people who have assurance of salvation when it’s not Holy Ghost assurance. These ones don’t weigh the issues. It’s easy to get a decision from them because the bait of eternal life is hung in front of them.

Psalm 8:8: "And the fish of the sea, and whatsoever passesthrough the paths of the seas." God said there were "paths" of theseas. Man discovered the existence of ocean currents in the 1850's.God stated that 2,800 years ago. Matthew Maury (1806-1873) had hisson read a portion of the Bible to him and he got a revelationfrom that.By the way, Matthew Maury's basic texts on oceanography are stillbeing used in Universities to this day. So how about a thumbs upif you still like Matthew Maury's oceanography being taught inUniversities after knowing he actually received this from theBIBLE.

mohammedans are some imbeciles like these baboons posting here.They are all over the place , the only thing keeping them going is fear of women and hate for the Jews.

Yuck!

Israelis want a country that resembles the USA. Palestinians want Somalia.These are no reconcilable aims.What if Israeli's really were chosen people/the chosen people.....but they were chosen to protect/take care of their Palestinian/Palestinian Christian neighbors.....and this was the key to their salvation/deliverance/holiness. Of the 151,700 Christians now living in Israel...122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN CHRISTIANS.....with a few thousand more Palestinian Christians living in the West Bank/Gaza. Palestinian Christians are believed to be one of the most ancient lines of Christians in the world...who likely converted from Judaism to Christianity around the time of Christ or shortly thereafter. Most Palestinians belong to the Greek Orthodox/Orthodox Christian faith group. (figure from Palestinian/Arab Christians Wikipedia).

ISHY you stupid #$%$.  you lies regarding Rachael Corrie will not go unanswered #$%$ ju wh&amp;re

Cloning and lying is all they got.  Pitiful!

One of the traitors, Sen. Mike Lee (R-Israel), mentioned Israel sixteen times while grilling Hagel. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Israel) mentioned Israel ten times. Altogether, Republican Senators mentioned Israel 64 times during their hostile cross-examination of Hagel. The war in Afghanistan - supposedly America’s most pressing military issue - was only mentioned four times.

How many days will this coalition last?  Maybe bibi can use the next few days to threaten war with a few more countries.

i guess wasteful spending in israel cant be called pork!

Yeah Bibi, that comb over ain't foolin' no body!

----How bout Russian Jews: they don't even call themselves J's, but Christians,,,they live in trailers,,,,wear crucifix,,,and are treated poorly,,,,oh yeah NAZIsrel,,,

----Israel SUCKS America$$$$$$ dry,,,,,,,

"Rocky future" lol... rotfl what's new then? lol...... I think Israelis are used to rocks, don't you think? they are prepared....Evilman, you lie.  I am white and Norma doesn't hate me.  Pook is white and she doesn't hate Pook.  Matter of fact I do not think Norma hates anyone.  She may find certain people like yourself disgusting but she is not a hater.  She can also peg your character so fast it will make your head spin, but you already found that out.

They should integrate the Palestinians into their society and country, making it a unified country for all Israelis and Palestinians, Muslims, Jews, and Christians.

Evilman,How many demons are inside you?  Legion?

There are plenty of freindly ROCKS in the great land of ANTARCTICA Nutnyahoo.

Fight=========Fight=============FightYou gonna do this all night?God will forgive you if you will turn from your wicked ways.

Weren't the "palestinians" going to vote?  I didn't see who won.

Maybe he can join his fellow right wing zealot and good friend Romney in retirement

What if Israeli's really were chosen people/the chosen people.....but they were chosen to protect/take care of their Palestinian/Palestinian Christian neighbors.....and this was the key to their salvation/deliverance/holiness. Of the 151,700 Christians now living in Israel...122,000 of them are PALESTINIAN CHRISTIANS.....with a few thousand more Palestinian Christians living in the West Bank/Gaza. Palestinian Christians are believed to be one of the most ancient lines of Christians in the world...who likely converted from Judaism to Christianity around the time of Christ or shortly thereafter. Most Palestinians belong to the Greek Orthodox/Orthodox Christian faith group. (figure from Palestinian/Arab Christians Wikipedia).

No US/Iran war for Israel!!!If Israel wants war with Iran, let Israel fight it, let Israel pay for it, let Israel's people die in it.No more US lives and money wasted on mid-east war!!!!!!!!!!!

All the Zionist hate beasts are attacking a person who died 10 years ago and can't defend herself.  True to nature but all Zionists will be defeated.I was hoping this cartoonist would lose his Prime Minister job but having him surrounded by political enemies will bring him more suffering.

The war monger has the eyes of the devil.

Everyman thinks he is a big tough bully.  I have an idea he is going to get to know the authorities really well, but not in the way he would like to.

I read Mark Twain's account of his travels in Palestine in 1867.He wrote "There is not a solitary village throughout its whole extent". When the Russian Jews arrived in the 1880s they bought land and cultivated it, they improved water supply and eradicated malaria, nearly killed themselves working.Everything improved dramatically. Arabs were attracted to the Jewish settlements by the enterprises and work opportunities."If the Palestinian kids were taught the history of the area at school instead of antisemitism and the joys of martyrdom it would be a step in the right direction.

Good to see Bibi is finally losing whatever appeal he has... He talks a big game but chickened out last year against Hamas... He is still trying his Iran war tactics but I am sure even he realizes that the US is not going to War with Iran as we are BROKE! I hope Obama embraces Yair Lapid and greets him as the next PM while he is standing next to Bibi... Netanyahu should know that when he involved himself in our elections... It made him fair game for Obama.

In the Hebrew Scriptures (Torah) the Old Testament of the Christian Bible....In the beginning God created.....and then He said (let us and our)......Just like ice,water,gas or body,soul,spirit are all different yet one ......So it is with God.

Netanyahu wins a Pyrrhic victory(A Pyrrhic victory is a victory with such a devastating cost that it carries the implication that another such victory will ultimately lead to defeat.)Nov 22, 2012Asia Times Online

The UN welfare checks must have arrived - all the muslims are posting tonight.

That man look fierce and angry .

Ishy, you got to the mohammedan .........  finally..... now he clones you.Pal......SEE MY COMMENT BELOW.....re:  Jevv and Gentile comment you made.

---Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,

There is no palastine just refugees from other arab countries trying to overthrow Israel. No matter how long arabs lie about that it wont change history or the truth

---Thanks Joel,,, just telling the true always helps,,,

SCIENCE expresses the universe in 5 terms: time, space, matter, power and motion.Let's see what God says: "In the beginning (time) God created (power) the Heaven(space) and the earth (matter) and the Spirit of God moved (motion) upon the faceof the waters." Give me a thumbs down if you agree with GOD!

The Israeli government should keep in mind that Obama's visit is merely a symbolic gesture to keep "the Jewish lobby" (oh god I said it) happy and sending checks to the Democratic party. The majority of American's are done with the billion dollar gifts we send every October. I see hope in that citizens of Israel are shunning these old school dustbags. Muslims should do the same to the sickness that stymie's them. 21 century folks, it's us human's, no God, no hokus pokus, just people living as neighbor's.

Ya know most Westerners have this idea that the Middle East works like any other part of the world.  That is not so.  Why do we expect the Jews to somehow rise above common sense and act against brutalism anyless than any other country.  Having been to Israel, Jordan and Lebanon I can tell you the Arabs aren't interested in peace.  This is a false idea.  Before you disagree ask yourself...have you been there?  Have you seen how Lebanon and Syria keep the Sunni Refugee population in camps where they are denied food, water, work and citisenship?  Thinking that Westerners can impose peace on Israel is wrong.  These people fight for thier lives every day.  If the same rocket attacks happened in the USA, UK or the EU... the Sunni Arab "Palestinians" would no longer exist.

Typical liberal take on things that they know nothing about. Israelis talk a liberal game but when you have missiles aimed at you from every direction, you keep the most conservative PM possible in power.

PAL,  Think of water.........  Water is solid, (ice) liquid, (water) and gas (evaporation)Just as water can take on 3 forms yet is one so it is with God.  Father, Son, Holy Spirit.You have a Body, Soul, and Spirit......And in Luke Jesus tells of a story of a man's soul...

peaceQuantum Banking is not in servitude yet it KEPT PROSPERITY growing as Treasury must UP GRADE to Quantum systemYou wouldn't lie for Javier now would you Mongrel?  Sure you wouldn't.

The next seal is persecution of the Saints.  :-(St. Malachy's Prophecy was that the last Pope will feed many sheep during many tribulations and extreme persecutions.  (BELIEVERS ARE and WILL be persecuted for their testimony of Jesus Christ.  See Revelation 6 and Revelation 13, 14, and 20:4....

Ishy- Heated are we?...First of all, ignore the truth? What truth? You think I believe what anyone post? I do my own research &amp; compare it. Secondly, I have a life, I never lurk on these boards. hahahahahahahahah harass DR? OMG. hahahahahah omg omg omg HARASS?!?!?! Oh lord!!! Me &amp; David talk about religion! Got that!!! Effin RELIGION! He post BS about Islam. You think I'm gonna keep quit? Huh? HELL NO!!!! I will speak my mind!!!! I WILL SPEAK THE TRUTH!!!

Love the look on Benji's face.  It says, "Nobody should have to put up with this s**t."

Pal, people like You are the reason that Palestinians are not supported by Americans.

Why did the occupation begin? Palestinian terrorism. What happened when Israel withdrew from Gaza? Palestinian terrorism increased.

----By way of deception, Thou shalt do war,,,,NAZIsrel motto,,,,

What ever happened to those "flotillas"  did they quit because of a little bloodshed?

mohammedans are afraid of their shadows.And women.

Netanyahu got used to being an autocrat in the likes of his friend Putin. He is likely now to make moves either to end the democracy or land him in prison.  This guy Netanyahu is a dangerous and now potentially desperate man.  His bank records and his foreign dealings may be a wake up as to his refusal to negociate with the Palestinians and the need to draw Americans into a bankrupting war. The Orthodox are the only ones who have a true claim to Israel but only in the form of Jewish /Hebrew monks with no involvement in politics or government or military.More Netanyahu bashing from the AP. So that's the picture you chose to go with from all of them? Why didn't you just draw a hitler moustache on him. Very unprofessional

Natziyahu needs to go, he has shamed Jizrael for to long, the world has lost respect for Jizrael since this war monger has been in office, it is time for him to go...

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)Is this a true quote: I have discovered with the passage of days, that no act contrary to morality, no crime against society, takes place, except with the Jews having a hand in it

The Jew-hating flith that's polluting yahoo and the world will rot in real Hell.

Genesis 1:14-16;  and Psalm 19:1-6 show us that God placed the planets andstars in place.  They are for signs and seasons and to prophesy andimpart knowledge.Let me explain, Daniel was well versed in sacred astronomy.  He impartedthis knowledge to the Magai (Magi) who were the ones who new of the "star"of the promised Messiah.    These wise men (from Persia orpresent day Iran) observed movements in the heavens above.  Jupiter wasknown as the King planet and it was in conjunction with Venus in theconstellation of Leo (tribe of Judah).  The sun was directly in the midstof Virgo (virgin) while at the same time the new moon was directly underthe feet of Virgo.  (Revelation 12:12)  On September 14th, 3BC, the kingplanet Jupiter and Regulus (Regulus is associated with Messiah or law giver)were in the constellation of Leo. (sign for Judah)  This would of describedthat "bright star" that guided them to the great king Jesus who was prophesiedto come many years before.Very few back then and in our present day are familiar with sacred astronomy.Patrick Heron, David Flynn, and Stephen McEveety have further information forthose interested in prophesy related to the sun, moon and stars.  (Luke 21:25)Sacred astronomy was taught and understood in ancient days.  People weren'tbronze age dummies as so many are led to believe.

I see Yahoo is using that same photo of BB again. They must have gotten a lot of "mileage" from the past article with that photo. Sick.

It's time for Israel to abide by the original U.N. mandate that created Israel. The State of Palestine should be allowed to exist unabated by Israel. It's their nation and they should be able to govern themselves as they see fit. Israel must also be required to reimburse those Palestine families that were displaced at today's price or with interest since these families have had to wait for over 60 years.

I don't care who's in charge of Israeli as long as they keep killing palestinians  !!  The More the better !

I wish I could continue with my study but it seems I have been gagged. Maybe on another day when Jewhoo is not having that time of the month.....which appears to be everyday.

----Israhellis rob Palestine land and #$%$ rob my post,,,you can't even come up with your own post,,,just to show theft is in #$%$r DNA,,,,,Who was Jesus' mother?  What was her culture like?  Who were Jesus' brothers and sisters?  If we can do artificial insemination and fertilize eggs in women now then why do you feel it could be impossible for God to accomplish Genesis 3:15 prophesy through the woman?

watch it crumble to the ground! hahah!

FISHY why jews hate Jesus

FOI is God Jewish

FISYH was your dad a child molester

Whats better than, Netanyahu faces rocky future in new coalition.Term limits on our congress. Face it our congress is really bad. that cant solve anything except to back israel and that seldom helps us.  Term limits should help that.  A petition at term limita org should help.

Netanyahu needs to be brought up for war crimes. This classes piece of sh** cant do anything without the help of the US. We spend way to much freaking money for Israel.

America hasn't been sovereign since the establishment of the private (Jewish) central bank known as the Federal Reserve in 1913, which literally prints money and then loans it to the U.S. government and other banks at interest.  Why is it that the Jews seem to have a monopoly over the illegitimate, criminal practice of usury?   I say we arrest all the bankers, end the Fed, and abolish usury permanently.

THIS IS ONE BLOOD SUCKING JEW! SCARY M.F.

He looks pressured.Israel's segregated bussing should be an interesting topic.

-----Burning conscience: Israeli soldiers speak out (YOU TUBE),,,

The dirty arabs are Evil from the Pit of Hell.

I have to get up early.Good night. God bless Israel, as always.

"She had come to Gaza during the height of the second Palestinian intifada[4] as part of her senior-year college assignment to connect her home town with Rafah in a sister cities project.[5] While there she had engaged with other ISM activists in efforts to non-violently prevent the Israeli army's demolition of the homes of Palestinian people.[1][6][7]"

----------THE HOLY BIBLE----------------Has accurately predicted WORLD EVENTS--------1) The rider on the White Horse – the “Spirit” of Catholicism. The Pope has white robes, white car, white pope mobile, white helicopter, and white airplane. 1.5 Billion Catholics (1/4 of the population of the world is Catholic)2) The rider on the Red Horse – the “Spirit” of Communism. The officially recognized color of Communism is red; Red Russia, Red China. The rider of this horse has a great sword.Russia and China are mighty military powers. "and there was given to him a great sword..." ( around 2.billion. Communists in the .world.)3) The rider on the Black Horse – the “Spirit” of Capitalism. The officially recognized color of Capitalism is black. The black horse goes into the North Country (Zech 6:6). Almostall capitalist countries are in the northern hemisphere. (Near 1.5 billion)4) The rider on the Pale (chloros or green) Horse – the “Spirit” of Islam. “And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, …and with death.”Death and Hell followed. The official color of Islam is green. 1.5 billion people are Muslim – 1/4 of the earth. Muslim people dress in green clothing and scarves, use green flags,Zecheriah 6:1-8 and Revelation 6:1-8.................   We are told that these are four “spirits” (Zechariah 6:5)---------The RIDERS HAVE RIDDEN.......WHAT COMES NEXT?.....DO YOU KNOW?-------- [Irvin Baxter Ministries End Time]

Good luck Bibi.

Past time for Yahoo to purge all Zionist Comment Moderators from their employ.But maybe Yahoo doesn't believe in the 1st Amendment.

Ironman McGee must be one of the tinfoil hat followers of scam artists, like Pastor John Hagee. McGee must not be aware that his donations to Hagee were used to finance the pastor's *Sex Slave Emporium* in tel Aviv.It's all well documented in the book, Goatboy - An Unauthorized Biography.

Christians believe Messiah (Yeshua/Jesus) already came over 2,000 yrs. agoAnd Judaism still believes the prophecy related to His coming is not yet fulfilled.We agree on many things and both have Old Testament Scripture we read and study.Given the nature of the charters of both the PLO and Hamas, calling for the deaths of Jews would you honestly consider that they could ever live 'on a free and equal basis' with Arabs. They never have in the past - there was always the little question of being dhimmi and the payment of the jizya tax to be taken into consideration.There were always the expectations that if a Jew was accused of a crime he would be bound to be convicted.

Terrorize and behead those who believe in scriptures other thanthe Qur’an.” Quran 8:12Cut the throat of those who refuse to love Islam.Quran 9:14These prayers are said 13 times a day during the HAJJ IN MECCA,This is what we're up against around the entire world.

I am sure that if Rachel could escape the fire she would tell you not to support Hamas.

His face can barely control his seething RAGE. His eyes are DEAD, like that of an Asassin...!

Netanyahu, It time build new settlements,Time sent Palestinians back to red sea.build new roads,keep playing with black snake and sooner or later going get bit.

Pal asks:  FOI is God Jewish?Read your Hebrew Scriptures both Old and New Testament.You test will be next week.  And I will ask the questions....

Wedding now, friend!!!! I'm only 19 y/o leave me alone!!!!

jews need to go back to poland

He didn't answer my question.Now I SEE!

Wow, this is my first time reading about Rachel Corrie! Ishy, Rachel isn't what you say she is. Rachel support peace!---------Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,

----By way of deception, Thou shalt do war,,,,Mossad's motto,,,,

---Israel finds herself in Europe,,,,Ben-Gurion,,,

---NAZIyahu is blocking their expansion,,,typical ZIONAZI,,,nothing new,,,

at least there will be no more special rights for religious extremists

Hee hee hee even jews are hating the ultra orthodox jews b/c of how they leech on others in taxes and military.

if you want a pretty good history on the situation of Israel, you tube "occupation 101" it's 90 minutes long, but they do a good job.

How come all the jihadi-nazi rats crawl out of their holes whenever Israel is mentioned?

Pal  •  5 mins ago Report AbuseSam forget this stupid heathen ju lover. she will get her day when she get whacked by a big boy..........................................Pal, you will get your day when you get whacked by Big Bird. ;-)

Tomorrow, March 16th, is the day Rachel Corrie was murdered by the IDF.Clone, you are not going to run me off.  You are a poor excuse for a human, but you prove that Islam is sewage so even you serve a purpose.  LOL

peace with arabs is the most dangerous thing Israel can do, it will make them drop their guard and they will be attaced from all sides. you can not trust an arab a thousand years in his grave.

Mazel Tov Benjamin Netanyahu - Mazel tov Israel.

only losers like Romney, Ryan, Bush like this evil

She died trying to promote genocide.

The axis of evil Son of Satan.

How about a' Kosher Fried Zicken' franchise for Netan ?

As long as Israeli hard-line hawks like Netanyahu stay in power, Israel will be at war or at odds with most of the world and isolated. The hard-line hawks get their power from war and conflict so they will make sure it never ends. Bad karma for Israel is the result of their heartless politics and oppression of non Jews.

Ishy- Best believe I will do the same!!! Truth shall come out!!!

What little I saw, she had more proof than that Mongrel.  She also claims she has proof that she will not be sharing with you mongrel, but with Everyman only.  Best you stay out of her business.The 2 witnesses are represented in Heavenly Menorah as Olive Trees outside the heavenly menorah.  Revelation 1 shows Jesus is the Shamash (Servant Candle) where it describes Him as feet as brass and eyes of flame....The seven churches ---- another Menorah representation.  The middle church represents fiery persecution /  martyrd Saints.

Elijah is DEFINITELY one of the 2 witnesses.  Every Passover millions of Jevvs open the door for Elijah and have a cup filled for Elijah.   HE WILL COME......

Sneeky group of people

Romans 11  King James Version (KJV)11 I say then, Hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin.2 God hath not cast away his people which he foreknew. Wot ye not what the scripture saith of Elias? how he maketh intercession to God against Israel saying,3 Lord, they have killed thy prophets, and digged down thine altars; and I am left alone, and they seek my life.4 But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal.5 Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace.6 And if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then it is no more grace: otherwise work is no more work.7 What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded.8 (According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;) unto this day.9 And David saith, Let their table be made a snare, and a trap, and a stumblingblock, and a recompence unto them:10 Let their eyes be darkened, that they may not see, and bow down their back alway.11 I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but rather through their fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy.12 Now if the fall of them be the riches of the world, and the diminishing of them the riches of the Gentiles; how much more their fulness?13 For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office:14 If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them.15 For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead?16 For if the firstfruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches.17 And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a wild olive tree, wert grafted in among them, and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive tree;18 Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee.19 Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be grafted in.20 Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear:21 For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not thee.22 Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in his goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off.23 And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be grafted in: for God is able to graft them in again.24 For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and wert grafted contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural branches, be grafted into their own olive tree?25 For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in.26 And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:27 For this is my covenant unto them, when I shall take away their sins.28 As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are beloved for the father's sakes.29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.30 For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief:31 Even so have these also now not believed, that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy.

peaceLost Tribes of Israel needs to FOLLOW RED COWS upon North America Garden

peaceIsraeli was sent out to FOLLOW RED COWS PASSAGES birth LOCATION NORTH AMERICA

I just watched a video of Rachel's father on YouTube, another flaming hypocrite who supports terrorism.

Jeff, Josh, Jamil, Hugh, all the racists, all the racists, oh my!

peace with Jews is the most dangerous thing Palestine can do, it will make them drop their guard and they will be attacked from all sides. you can not trust an Jew a thousand years in his grave.

It kills me that most Westerners have no idea how The Sunni Arabs (you call "Palestinians") live in thier "brother" Arab countries.  In Lebanon, Syria, Iraq and other "brother" Arab nations the Sunni Arabs 1948 reguees are kept in camps.  Yes look it up.  In the camps the "fellow" Sunni Arabs are denied citisenship so no jobs, food, water or right to work.  These 1948 refugees are spat upon and understood to be "rats" (per many Arabs) in thier countries.  I have been to Lebanon and that is how it is.  It is the same in most of the Arab world.And God said LET US [who is us Pal?] make man in OUR [who is our Pal?] image.

Remember this jewel?--------------------------- "Franz  •  9 mins ago Report AbusePal you so outclass these JewedAsses from Aipac. We should just date. Especially if you are female. The most beautiful women I have seen are Arabic."

A face only war can love.

With the U.S.. press firmly in the hands of libs there's no way anything favourable to Israel can be published. Libs love the Muslims who want to behead them and take away our freedoms.

Some of the commenters below may need to seek help from the person below:Supernatural Case:  A Case of Demonic PossessionMarch 2008, By Richard E. GallagherRichard E. Gallagher, M.D., is a board-certified psychiatrist in private practicein Hawthorne, New York, and Associate Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at New YorkMedical College. He is also on the faculties of the Columbia PsychoanalyticInstitute and a Roman Catholic seminary. He is a Phi Beta Kappagraduate of Princeton University, magna cum laude in Classics, and trained inPsychiatry at the Yale University School of Medicine. Dr. Gallagher is the onlyAmerican psychiatrist to have been a consistent U.S. delegate to the InternationalAssociation of Exorcists, and has addressed its plenary session.

Ishy- Does it offend you when people call you liar?  Hmm? Grow some BALLS!!!!!!

mohammedans do not understand democracy.Too messy for them.They like clean theocracies.

Satanic commenters,Get behind me.In Jesus name.

So Jewish white collar criminals don't have to face justice once they escape to Israelstan.

under Israeli domestic law, Israeli citizens my not be extradited. Why have a extradition treaty if it is one sided? WhyBeing Prime Minister of Israel only means you're the same ZioNazi in a different clown suit..-S/T

THE CIA SHOULD TAKE CARE OF THAT GUY.  People like him create the enemies that blame us.  007 HIS SORRY AZS.

Thank God that Rachel Corrie failed to complete her mission.

David- Only love stops hate..change our world...love your enemies.

Do you realize that Palestinians have NEVER NOT BEEN under occupation at any time in their fabricated history?

Hey David, why don't you free yourself and leave?

I am not speaking against evangelicals or Christians in general, butgiven the reception Christianity has received in the Middle East bythe countries there (except Israel), remember Netanyahu's warning to theworld, "We will be the first target, but not the last" and "peace cannotbe imposed on people who don't want it in the first place" offer you hopefor your "solution"?

Jesus preached love and truth. Love does not require one to refrain from truth. Get used to it. We are not going to go away.

ISM -some of them have even receivedmedals from Hamas leadership for their contributions.Perhaps the most brazen example of activity of this kind was the material aid providedfor the benefit of enemy forces in Fallujah, Iraq, during the height of the Iraq War by ISMaffiliate Code Pink/Global Exchange.

----Ultra Orthodox wait for the real Messiah,,,hide NAZIyahu,,,,you got the mark of the beast,,,Netanyahu looking like a castrate bull, he has a demaniour of a steer from his ranch or he is? where is your power you prick?.

Ishy- Guess what? No wait don't guess! RACHAEL CORRIE supports peace!...... WHAT THE FUQ ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!!  LURK?!?! Wow, ladies &amp; gentlemen talking about religion is harassing now!

Oh you mean this one ISHY?She was working with children who drew two pictures, one of the American flag, and one of the Israeli flag, for burning. Rachel said that she could not bring herself to burn the picture of the Israeli flag with the Star of David on it, but under such circumstances, in protest over a drive towards war and her government's foreign policy that was responsible for much of the devastation that she was witness to in Gaza, she felt it OK to burn the picture of her own flag.ROFL drawing of a flaG?

Ishy- No I would NEVER burn my flag. The bigger picture is.... SHE SUPPORTED PEACE!!!! Ishy, the only reason you're saying that is b/c you hate Palis. Don't let your hate get in the way of truth!!!

ISHY is a ziobot.He forgets the 1st amendment, too and how it was designed to protect those who disagree.As long as he gets his copy of the weekly edition of "ZioNazi Today" he's as happy as if he had good sense.-S/T

satan incarnate

Look, it's very simple, so try to follow.  Only resolutions passed under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter are binding (e.g., the UN resolution authorizing use of force in Iraq).  There have been LOTS of UN resolutions against Israel, but not even one of them was under Chapter VII - they are ALL nonbinding.  So keep on spamming; it works on the uniformed.

It is so ironic; the walls israel built to keep the world out will soon be used to keep them in.

David Rosenthal = FanaticLike an agitated chimpanzeeThrowing feces through his barsYahoo user David Rosenthal ululatesExpressions so bizarreScampering from side to sideScreeching through his poutsTrying to alleviate his constipationFrustration with his unclipped petzFailing miserably to suckle a teatHis many prevaricationsOn those who know much betterThan their Davids imaginationsYahoo’s losing an opportunityTo profit from this showDon’t they know people pay handsomelyWho to the Rosenthals house goTo see the primates franticallyDisplaying neurotic behavior?If you informed Yahoo managementYou’d be doing them a favorIt would be easier to stopA chimp from doing acrobaticsThan to stop the flow of fecesFrom these sick David fanatic

Well, that's another fine mess you gotten yourself into..........enjoy the fruits of your labors Bibi!Satantha,You protest too much.  You been helping him or something?

Lapid or Livni will be the key players for Peace with Palestinians.Hope this time they finalized Peace.

It's too bad that the U.S. media only shows the pro israel news.  If you do a little research you'll find that what's going on over there is illegal. the israelies need to give the Palestinians a reasonable space to live.

But whether he is going up-hill or down-hill he is a Zionist robbing land. There is rational zionist.

Th ePalestinian glorification of the 'heroic martyrs' of murdered Israeli civilians has to end, as does the naming of squares, streets and schools after killers who have indiscriminately and brutally targeted innocents, a square was recently named after Mugrabi who massacred 37 Israeli's on a bus, and Abbas also attended a ceremony that honored Al Hindi, who was one of the leaders that organized the murder of Israeli athletes at the 72 Olympics.What kind of 'peace' can the PA offer anyway? it has zero control over the SW border with the Hamas controlled Gaza strip and no control over the northern border with Hezbollah controlled Lebanon.

Not all sodomy is homosexual: one Moroccan sociologist, in a study of sex education in his native country, notes that for many young men heterosexual sodomy is considered better than vaginal penetration, and female prostitutes likewise report the demand for anal penetration from their (male) clients.[31]

EvilMan,Are you an ALIEN?  CLONE?  or both?Any animal mixed in with that?

"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Thursday that the United States has significant capabilities to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, and he was keeping all options on the table."--------- No nukes for the beards.

mohammedans are terrified by women, vaginae, Jews, culture, freedom, ....................... everything that we cherish in the Sane World

jews who need themDavid- OHHHHHMYYYGOOOOOOOSH!!!!!!!!!!!! What the hell man???!??!?!?! ............................(I'm so keeping my cool today!!!)

The associated press is a highly liberal company and will victimize anyone that is a conservative like Netanyahu.

Peace or Bust, if Rachel Corrie could contact Hamas through ISM, I am sure you could.Contact usYou will find our contact details below. Please do not hesitate to contact us!Mailing addressAS HAMAS Industri og LandbrukRamstadløkka 1NO-1850 MysenN o r w a yTelephone and telefaxTelephone: (+47) 69 89 84 20Telefax: (+47) 69 89 33 25

"Epik Phactor  •  53 secs ago Report AbuseIshy I don't make threats I make things happen why whats up?"The mouk makes things happen in his bloomers.

James/Epik,Are you trying to threaten me you poor old #$%$?  Not too wise silly girl.

Rachel Corrie tried to defend an arms smuggling tunnel from being destroyed. She had no interest in peace.

Rachel Corrie burned the American flag in Gaza. You can see photos of her doing it online. FACT.

FOI are you a UNIC?

Do Atheist say:  GOD BLESS AMERICA?I will......God bless America!  Land that I love......!!  Get us out of United Nations global anything....

The photo shown shows Bibi exactly as he is.Those wily creatures, the Common Ruffle-Crested Jews,  #$%$ kikenverminus, aremore difficult to track down and shove under a microscope lens than their related species,the vampire bats. So, it was with trepidation, consternation, liberal application of insectrepellant and medicinal whiskey that I endeavored to chase these creatures from theirjungle lair and spread them out for scientific study.To avoid hiking along the same trails that have already been investigated by previous explorers, no researcher on safari ever just jumps into the jungle without first  doing the necessary studies of the scientific literature. So, the first stop in my quest was the research stacks of my university library. There, deep in the rows of dusty dissertations  and arcane volumes, I found the first clues to tracking down the elusive Ruffled CrestedJew.

And now we know why the mohammedans hate women.

attention isrealis, remember netanyahu has to work with america's worst president of all time.

omg, 'dis joint is whackier than deanos leather bar.....

POB, I do not have to prove anything, you and your friends are doing a good job of it all by yourselves.  Just look at the lies and filth from you and your friends post today alone.  Sick.

Islam holds a woman in high esteem. Her importance as a mother and a wife has been clearly stated by Prophet Muhammed (SAW).Some of the famous sayings of the Prophet (SAW) are:‘Paradise lies at the feet of your mothers.

We had a goat who thought it was a dog.  Serious.  Ate dog food and went on walks with us.

If you support peace, encourage Hamas to accept peace.

FISHY what does the jews mean by this SHEKINAH

Pook your lying prick is your god a jewLooks to me like its over. It is what it is. How you relieve the Palestinians that have been humiliated by their so called friends, Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, and Syria is anybody's guess?Another Gaza?   If their so called friends do not want them and only use them for fodder to justify their own credibility than what future is there for them?  The two state solution died a long time ago.  Some kind of a separate entity within Israel seems to be the way to go but how do you get there?  The chance for new borders and land for peace is not going to happen. Do the Palestinians have a united group of new leaders to deal with? Where? Who?Occupation, arpathied, a new state, another intafadah, dream on and on. Its like they chose to live in hell for hundred and hundreds of years.

must suck to be an islameli in the Middle East and know that the world would watch you all die and not lift a finger...

This is a great opportunity for President Obama to lay down the law with Israel. Segregated bussing should sound familar to our President. Israel practices apartheid because of Jewish only settlements, separated roads, military enforced checkpoints, discriminatory marriage laws for Palestinians only, the West Bank barrier, threat of lethal force, use of Palestinians as cheap labor with little worker safety rights, Palestinian West Bank enclaves, inequities in infrastructure, limited legal rights, and access to land and resources between Palestinians and Israeli residents in the Israeli-occupied territories depend on Israeli wants and not Palestinian needs. This same system was seen in the South African apartheid regime. It's time to change Israel for the better.

Just a PURE WICKED LOOK that says ...never trust a JEW

Why isn't this madman Netanyahu in jail for crimes against humanity?????

Do anti Palestinian pro-Israel supporters send their kids out with guns on there backs to kill other children? Are they trying to encourage murder and terrorism. Before Israeli's broke into Palestine in 1948 said they were going to kill all the Pali families shouldn't you want them to be a little civilized. If the local Jews accepted the 1948 mandate would we be here today?

I remember reading about her parents, they were nutcases that raised a nutcase.  They are largely responsible for her death.  She had no business supporting terrorist and interfering with the IDF.

The modern state of "Israel" is an impostor, invented by non-religious European Jews in the 1890s to justify stealing the land they coveted:  Palestine.  It was immoral then and everything they have done since then is to cover it up.  It won't be long now...

Mohammed and his past and present followers prove Islam is sewage.  Evil.

Rachel Corrie was a supporter of terrorism...be real Drreal, how do you know all this. provide reliable sources for your delusions of grandeur

That's a great picture of the diabolical Prime Minister, the only thing missing are the horns on his forehead.

Can you imagine israelis living within their European homeland limits?

Can you imagine Europe wanting the Jews back from the sand hole in Palestine?

POB "They are not violent"...........................POB, they SUPPORT violence, can you wrap your head around the wrong in this?

LOL.............The same reporter predicted a rocky future for Netanyahu 4 years ago and his government lasted to this day. Now after regular elections Netanyahu is guaranteed to lead another 4 year government for the 3rd time since 1996. All Islamonazis are having egg on their face 3 times in a row.

=]]]]]N]]]]U]]]]]K]]]]]]E]]]]]]]]]]&gt;  - - - - - - ^*^*^*^*israel*^*^*^*^

Israel is the only country in the middle east where women rights are equal to men.  Netanyahu is an excellent leader as he has a country of Israelites that are a mix of many cultures, and religions.  Anyone in the country that calls themselves anything other than an Israelite needs to leave and try to find a living somewhere else.

Rachel Corrie supoported Hamas, who say in Article 13 of the Hmas Charter that they DO NOT WANT PEACE.

Israel withdrew from Gaza. Gaza rewarded Israel with war. Get over yourself. The whole world saw what happened. The whole world sees the Hamas Charter that calls for genocide.DR I full agree because the Jews too seek toe exterminate the Pales so both people need segregation  hence the need for a pales state on 67 land

Search Corrie flag burn.....all the photos show up right in front of your nose.;-)

"You know very well, and the stupid Americans know equally well, that we control their government, irrespective of who sits in the White House. You see, I know it and you know it that no American president can be in a position to challenge us even if we do the unthinkable. What can they (Americans) do to us? We control congress, we control the media, we control show biz, and we control everything in America. In America you can criticize God, but you can't criticize Israel." Israeli spokeswoman, Tzipora Menache 2009

@Here: I suppose you are Christian then? Eh don't play with red blue and black necklaces, son.

Alan Hart, former lead BBC Mideast correspondent, expressed his disgust at the Israeli Senators’ vote on my radio show, Truth Jihad Radio, this Friday: “This is treason. Serving a foreign nation, rather than one’s own, is not just wrong - it is treasonous.”

Pal,  Did the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit always exist?  (See John 1:1-4 and Genesis 1)

Take a close look at this evil man who wants to kill American woman and men by dragging us soldiers in a war with iran just so israel can benefit what ever that they want to

Everyman are you a Nephilim?

This dude is more crazy then Ahmadinejad

As the #$%$ well knows and therefore has fomented, too many different fruits in a fruit salad &amp; the dish is fouled. Rothchilds was so confident that zionists will rule the world that he already built the HQ for the world court in 1994. Why is there a pyramid with an “eye” in it on the roof of the Jerusalem Supreme Court? When the family dines, do they really set a place for Satan?A toast to the wretched #$%$ &amp; their beloved master, Satan…may they all rot &amp; humanity be freed once &amp; for allJerusalem belongs to The World not Israel, not Palestine, no one to summarize.  The Middle East has been Arab lands for as long as DUST exist in those lands.  Israel should enjoy the Land granted and live prosperous lives as supposed to building new territories and in the process worsenning situation for all involved.  Peace to all of us.....

Did you all know that israelis, SPIES and conspirators stole the nuclear material to start the ILLEGAL NUKE program from the USA in the 1960's???  Yeah, EVERY israeli nuke is ILLEGAL and the will not sign ANY non proliferation treaty.  Israel is the bad guy.

Pook I have 1 word for you, LIAR.

Yes - to ending U-dox Welfare, Yes - to peace with PA, No - concessions to Hamas or Hizbollah, and No - to Iranian nukes.

Friend did you see god? How does he look like? Is... Is he fat? I mean he doesn't work at all always lurking!

Pal:   Have you EVER read Romans chapter eleven?

There are ultra-Orthodox Jews and other minorities in every country in the world. Yet Israel is the only country in the world with such "widespread resentment" among the general public for any minority.  As stated in this article, the further "angered" public is waging a culture war with the country's ultra-Orthodox minority. These secular hate mongers should be granted a state in Hell.

Israel: return all stolen lands to the Real Owners, and be vanishing NOW

Just look at that picture what an EVIL JEW check out his eyes! Do YOU trust this ruthless basdtared!  Bet he has Tae Sach's from inbreeding.

This is very good news for Israel and for the region. The third Netanyahu government is by far the best Israel had in a long time.IslamoNazis are scared to death of Netanyahu therefore invent all sort of nasty stories about him to avoid shaking like cowards.

looks like he stepped on a land mine, wish it(he) would

associated press....why that picture???  The neutral fair minded press at work again in their slanted journalism...what a joke.....journalists....i wonder if they have a code of ethics.

A challenge to Peace or Bust.....If you can show me that Mohammad is compatible with Jesus Christ, I will become a Muslim....If you refuse to answer, we know why.

David Rosenthal supports murder..-S/T

Pal,  Explain the Trinity in your own words please.

Erekat's "1967 borders" reference is a willful lie.  As Obama and all Israeli leaders have said, those were truce LINES TO BE NEGOTIATED later.  The Palestinians can claim the moon, but that doesn't mean that they deserve it or will get it.  The question is what are THEY willing to concede?  There is no reason that only Israel should provide concessions.

I thank God for Israel and he truly will bless them.  I see where he blesses them in numerous ways now.

Sam your killing me with this falafel stuff.  falafel is too much for that sick hateful bit&amp;h

Really, if a stranger shows up and compares our posts, who do you think he will suspect of being deranged, based on the comments?Clone/Evilman &amp; Mongrel/SatanthaYou honor me by calling me Norma.  She is a fine lady and one of the most honest people I have ever known.  She doesn't take any chit either :)   Thanks for the compliment and honor.

ISHY supports the IDF... ISHY supports terrorism... ISHY supports criminals like Sharon and NUTinyahoo ... ISHY loves watching innocent children dying for her god.

Just look up "Jewish Man Exposes Israel's Lies" on you tube.  It's an eye opener for sure.

I didn't even pay attention to "Here" since he's just one of you Zios hiding behind a new made account... Laughable. Sooooo what's so dangerous about it? Just another fairy tale, people!

Israel must be evangelized and return to be the holy land

Snake-eyes,israel day are number.

I would suck off a Donkey on TV if it were for the security of israels future, or if Bibi asked me to do it.  I would not lift a finger to help Americans though...

Ishy- Ditto. I will do the same! Best believe gurlie!

Netanyahu should be forced to join Strategic Arms Reduction TreatyAs a reluctant President Obama, pressured by the powerful, American  AIPAC lobby to visit the nuclear-armed State of Israel which it supports, there is the danger that the visit legitimises the killing fields of the illegal settlements in the West Bank.With an undeclared arsenal estimated at up to 400 nuclear warheads all of which are uninspected by the IAEA, the Israeli state has possibly enough WMD to destroy half the world.This extraordinary threat to world peace has been allowed to materialise over the past five decades by successive American administrations that have all been influenced by the powerful, but unelected, AIPAC lobby that now virtually controls the US Congress and, by default, American foreign policy.This serious defect in American democracy has resulted in the State of Israel being able to dictate to the international community and to hold the US House of Representatives to ransom.  It has tried, so far unsuccessfully, to do the same with the EU Commission and Parliament.The only answer now would appear to be to use economic sanctions to force Binyamin Netanyahy to join the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START) to which the major nuclear powers are signatories and for the US to cease all arms shipments to the Israeli state.However, that solution would seem unlikely and, as a result, tiny Israel increasingly orchestrates US policy in the oil rich  Middle East with all the attendant dangers that brings to world peace and the global economy.

I wonder if fat Bibi will spend a night, down at one of his buddy Avigdor Lieberman's many brothels, now that the ziofest is over.-S/TEveryman,People cannot go through life with your attitude and not have someone sooner or later take you down several pegs.  That is free advise.

I thought Orthodox is another extreme religion beside muslim.

The IDF worked quickly in the wake of Thursday night’s rock attack near Ariel. By Friday morning soldiers had arrested 10 suspects, all Palestinian Authority resident Arab men.The attack left a two-year-old girl in critical condition. The girl’s mother and two of her sisters suffered moderate to serious injuries.

Evilman,Do you support Islam because you think it gives you a license to embrace perversion, abuse of women, along with many other evils that is inclusive to Islam?  It doesn't.

Rachel CorrieThey call others POSWhich really is ironicWho themselves support HamasWhich really is psychoticRachel Corrie burned the flagOf the United StatesJust to please her Gazan friendsWhich was a disgraceShe studied Martin Luther KingMahatma Gandhi, tooA shame she did not understandSuch Hamas did not doBut rather say the holocaustFor Jews is still to comeThey say that till they kill all JewsThey will not have freedomSo while you honor RachelYou honor genocideWhich goal is of the peopleWith whom Rachel chose to side

"Every time we do something you tell me America will do this and will do that . .. I want to tell you something very clear: Don't worry about American pressure on Israel. We, the J*ewish people, control America, and the Americans know it."Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, October 3, 2001, to Shimon Peres, as reported on Kol Yisrael radio.

Sayeret Matkal is taking care of business  , the mohammedans are sqeeeered.

God the father, God the son, and the holy spirit.  All are different form of God the same as water/ice/snow or steam

Rachel CorrieThey call others POSWhich really is ironicWho themselves support HamasWhich really is psychoticRachel Corrie burned the flagOf the United StatesJust to please her Gazan friendsWhich was a disgraceShe studied Martin Luther KingMahatma Gandhi, tooA shame she did not understandSuch Hamas did not doBut rather say the holocaustFor Jews is still to comeThey say that till they kill all JewsThey will not have freedomSo while you honor RachelYou honor genocideWhich goal is of the peopleWith whom Rachel chose to side

Palestinians do not want peace since they voted for Hamas.Friend do you think Satanic people are bad?

POOK I think of you all he time sweet thing

The report stated that though illegal, there was a tradition of such relationships in the country, known as "bache bazi" or boy play, and that it was especially strong around Kandahar. This should be compared with the famous episode of T. E. Lawrence's homosexual rape in Revolt in the Desert.

“solidarity activists” give the appearance of promoting Western values of peace andnonviolence. They claim, for example, to be representing suffering Palestinians. In fact,a serious analysis shows that the true aim of the key organizers is to promote revolutionand victory for terrorist organizations operating in the name of the Palestinian cause andinternational Marxism. Both are evident in the activities of the Popular Front for theLiberation of Palestine (PFLP), a communist group and the second largest faction of thePLO, which has been a beneficiary of ISM support.

It should be noted that “ISM” is a generic term for “solidarity” groups under multiplenames acting together as a unified project with no discernable leadership to create theimpression they are a simple grassroots movement. As the FBI raids suggest, so-called“solidarity work” has become popular among left-wing and Marxist groups that not onlysupport Palestinian terrorist organizations like Hamas, an affiliate of the MuslimBrotherhood, but communist terrorists in such places as Colombia. However, somemembers of the ISM have organized a single entity operating out of Washington D.C.under the name “The U.S. Campaign to End the Israeli Occupation.” It claims over 300U.S. affiliated groups, some of which may still call themselves ISM.

David, you look like you have an awful eye infection.Have you been lookin' for love in all the wrong places?.-S/T

The days of the zionist hard-liners and lawless thugs like netanyahu are numbered. The entire free world has slowly but surely been catching on to the zionist expansionist's true and only policiy. The zionist utter open disrespect for UN Reolutions, their religious-based world-wide bigotry towards all who are not jewish, and backdoor subversion of US Foreign policy are all also coming to an end.

Pook, tell us all what I just said about you, I would be happy to add you to Norma and David... when the time is right a simple passing off of the 411 will suffice....  It would be splendid to set you up with some Muslims...  Let you tell them how they should all die...

Amazing...20 hours since the last article about Bibi and the "New and Improved" zionist government.

peaceMOMMY why does Mr.Apple crown not PROCLAIM to be Mr.AdamRaphael Patai in The Arab Mind, has argued that among some Arabs and Turks homosexuality can be justified as an expression of power.

If you support Hamas, as Rachel Corrie did, you are not a peace activist.

The palestinians should return to their State, Jordan.

netanyahu can draw a red line for them as did to iran

POB you lurk and try to harass.  It is obvious.

"Pook  •  16 mins ago Remove----mohammedans, why are you afraid of vaginae?answer ....  "Everyman  •  16 mins ago Report Abuse---They don't like smelly #$%$ like you"The ladies I know practice personal hygiene. You need to buy your wife a soap.

** Zionism going through death throes **" . . . This leaves Netanyahu and his personal axis of evil, Erdogan in Turkey, Aliyev in Azerbaijan, his friends in the Persian Gulf States, his Saudi brothers and the puppet regime in Jordan.Losing America as an “occupied zone” like the West Bank is the loss Netanyahu will never recover from.However, whatever happens during Obama’s upcoming visit next week, what we hear from the press will be the same moronic drooling Hollywood has been pouring out in a raging torrent.Whenever reality rears its head, the “Iran and the bomb” mantra begins, first as a chant, then a crescendo."at.....PressTV

explaining the rosenthal's one eye freakshow

"Netanyahu will be the next Prime Minister, but he lost the elections and the coalitional negotiations. The settlers became the principal winners. Even if his party shows restraint and doesn't carry out a putsch against him, this is probably the last government to be led by Bibi; he should never have chosen a nickname that means (also) ‘my-sewage.’ It became a self-fulfilling Pygmalion prophecy."- RoiTov

Arafat defined it: "Peace for us means the destruction of Israel."Corrie was a traitor, all American's found her despicable.  They think even less of her now.

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)It was Israeli soldiers who savagely and wantonly murdered Rachel Corrie, ending her young and promising life. Rachel and some friends had gone to Israel and to occupied Palestine to see first hand what was happening in that chaotic region of the world. When they discovered Israeli military bulldozers razing and tearing down the homes of innocent Palestinians, even of the elderly and sick, they decided to peacefully protest.

(In memoriam of Rachel Corrie who was murdered by NAZI Israel Mar16/2003)Courageously, standing some fifty feet from the Israeli Army bulldozer as it slowly approached her Palestinian friend's modest home, Rachel used a bullhorn to plead with the Israeli bulldozer driver and his assistant, begging them not to commit this terrible crime. As she spoke, a young, male American associate stood just a few feet away from Rachel, his hands tightly clasped, praying to God and beseeching the Lord to intervene. At first the bulldozer halted. The Israeli soldiers looked down from its cab directly into Rachel's eyes. Then, abruptly, the terrible vehicle was jammed into high gear; it lunged forward and headed straight toward her.

after taking out Iran, set that christian pastor free !

It is not St. Patrick's Day. It is the Ides of March, the anniversary of the murder of Julius Caesar.

POB is finally coming out to show her true Jihadist self.  She has called me a liar all afternoon, why?  Because I posted facts and gave her the source.  Did a legitimate source stop her...no, she continued to call me a liar.  I even gave her a court case number.  Still called me a liar.

Ladies and gents, this is mohammedan style:"Pal  •  2 mins 0 secs ago Report AbuseISHY you know you lying wh&amp;re."....................... how debased !?!

Everyman is LYING  by telling that I ever said I was something that if I were , I would never disclose on this crazy forum.But Sayeret Matkal is doing the job that needs to be done , whacking mohammedans.Cheers!

Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel has purchased $42 million in Israel Bonds, the largest single government purchase of Israel Bonds in United States history.The purchase was completed March 1. Mandel’s office in Columbus announced it to the Cleveland Jewish News that day.“We believe this is a sound investment for the taxpayers of Ohio and consistent with our strategy of investing in safe and strong securities,” Mandel said in a telephone interview March 4.The investment increases the total amount of Israel Bonds in the Ohio treasury portfolio to more than $80 million, the largest amount of Israel bonds held by an Ohio treasurer, according to information provided by Mandel’s office.source "The Ugly Truth"

And it proves that all your friends are lairs, Samantha.;-)mohammedans show their azzez .We laugh.

When the mohammedans are facing Sayeret Matkal, the bloomers get filled instantly.

There is no such thing as "Palestinians." They are nothing more than Arab "squatters" from Egypt and Jordan who've infiltrated the Holy Land sent intentionally to be a thorn in Israels side.

Do you support Hamas, too, Peace or Bust?

Peace or Bust.....Rachekl Corroe supported Hamas who do not want peace. So how was her mission peace?

Israel needs a bigger population to occupy more territories

Rachel Corrie tried to stop a bulldozer from destroying an arms smuggling tunnel owned by Hamas.

Search: Corrioe Flag Burn ...and look at her standing in front of Muslim children as she burns the flag of the USA with hate and rage on her face.

POB, I do not hate anyone.  You are making false claims against me which is the same thing the Jihadist do on here. You do not know me or how I feel about anyone, yet you just chose to LIE on me.

On Corrie's first night there, she and two other ISM members set up camp inside Block J, "a densely populated neighborhood along the Pink Line and frequent target of gunﬁre from an Israeli watchtower". By situating themselves visibly between the Palestinian residents and the Israeli snipers manning the watchtowers they hoped to discourage shooting by displaying banners stating that they were "internationals". However, Israeli soldiers fired bullets over their tent and at the ground a few feet away. Deciding that their presence was provoking the Israeli soldiers rather than deterring them, Corrie and her colleagues dismantled their tent and left the area.[10]This A$$H0^3 looks like the devil.

the Heebs wrote the Torah for the benefit of the Heebs.

Look at that picture - such a cold, soul-less man.  Reminds me of #$%$ cheney.

FOI do you think it was appropriate for ISHY and her friends to attack and vilify Corrie who was murdered by Zionists 10 years ago and can't defend herself. Would your God approve of such behavior

Stay on this thread guys....Lord have mercy on their souls!

"Epik Phactor  •  2 mins 23 secs ago Report AbuseISHY you ever swam to the bottom of a Sink whole with concrete boots on?"--- Mouk did you ever milk a billy goat?   You sound like you did.

---...Lapid, a critic of excessive government spending, also forced Netanyahu to scale back the size of the Cabinet..."

Rachel Corrie supported terrorism.

Israel people are fake and they are call Khazar

Can you imagine israelis living within their borders?---NAZIyahu,,,Obama and Sarkozy don't like #$%$ dude,,,

Hang this piece of schit!!!!!!!

must suck to be an israeli and know that the world would watch you all die and not lift a finger...

Their is already a two state solution Jordan and Israel period. The palistinians are an invented people by arafat.

Ishy, I am disappointed ......... I thought you were "moi"............;-)

It is disturbing to read the comments of Josh, and Jeff the J's...  They wish for death and genocide.  They are israelis.  They are proof positive that israel is the issue.  They are savages...

The International Solidarity Movement (ISM) is technically a Palestinian-led movementbut involves heavy use of American radicals and leftists and exploits the U.S.educational system, particularly American colleges, to delegitimize the democratic Stateof Israel, a U.S. ally. At the same time, it provides support for groups such as Hamasthat use armed violence and terrorism against Israel.

Hugh - how does that little mind of yours work?Repeat a lie 10 times .... and it "magically" becomes the truth ???

I wonder who choose the pictures!

I'm getting thumbed down for practically everything I say. Well, I shall notinflict myself on the supporters of freedom and civil rights for non-Muslimsin the Middle East anymore. It's a waste of time.Everyman I fully agree with you but there are many morons here who believe God is jewish.

ROFL omg you're gonna lie even more ISHY? oh man what a tool you are.

AND Netanyahu said Israeli-Palestinian Arab peace will not be a panacea.It will not stop the persecution of Christians in the countries in those areasstupidly supported by Americans who were fooled by the Arabs into supportingthe Arab Spring.

More lies from Ishy saying she burned the AMERICAN FLAG, tell me where can I find this info? hmmm?

&lt;-------- Myron, read my avatar! This one is for you buddy!!!

Sam thanks for uncovering the truth about FISHY and her wishes for LATINOs to get cancer.she is a hateful witch

In Egypt, the country's new constitution does not safeguard the rights of women, while a quota for women in parliament has been rescinded, meaning that just 2% of MPs elected in 2012 were female – down from 12% in 2010.

He sure looks like the Anti-Christ

"Everyman  •  3 mins 21 secs ago Report AbuseShe was an American, something you will never be. Pook, I want you to know something. If I ever discover who you really are, you will need to move.."----------- You don't say !?! ....

Only a stupid delusional person would say God is Jewish.  But ISHY would and not sure about FOII meant Iranians not Syrians in my comment.

Similar sexual sociologies are reported for other Muslim societies from North Africa to Pakistan and the Far East.[33] In Afghanistan in 2009, the British Army was forced to commission a report into the sexuality of the local men after British soldiers reported the discomfort at witnessing adult males involved in sexual relations with boys.

YW, hi there!  What is this?"The Muslim Brotherhood of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi has greeted a UN proposal designed to reduce violence against women with unabashed horror."

No one is interested in your lies Ishy.

ISHY you know you lying wh&amp;re. You have lost all credibility by attacking a dead person who is not here to defend herself.  This is the mother of all lows by trashy people like you.  I would've not reacted in the way I did if you attacked me because I can respond and defend myself and speak my mind but to go after a person who have been dead for 10 year is sick and truly show your ugly face and that of everyone who supported you tonight. You people are nothing but hateful beasts and are most likely agents for the Zionist state. I pray to God that all you receive worse fate than beautiful Corrie. May God Bless Her soul

Samantha  •  6 mins agoFishy.... Can you just dunno get off the threads for some fresh air? You hate whites... AND you're a self hating latino clearly.... Unreal.... I can remember you wishing RCs LATINO daughter to get cancer YOU HEARTLESS BIIIIITC_____________________________________________________________What a Liar you are Mongrel.

its no wonder the poor man is worried from what i read on these jew hating blogs, any jew hater out there wants a piece of me come get this old ragged american limey! i have your back isreal,its disgusting, and egypt is disgusting, they nothing more than woman beating raping primates!

pook please tell us more that we now know that you have at least 3 god made cavities. Have you been deflowered yet. I expect at age 43 you must have been pooked once or twice.  Tell us more

Pal, when did mohammed invent Islam?

Evilman,Since when did Islam become a race?  You are sadly screwed up.No one can cite to single UN resolution that was binding on Israel.  Not one single binding resolution.  Not one.  Sifar.  Nada.  Zip.  Zilch.  Bubkes.

If you are not a muslim Evilman, then you are more screwed up than they are.  Who would choose to align themselves with those cretins?  No sane person.

Pay attention to their thumbs bots and the Popular now page they are trying to cover up the truths that many expressed about Israel they got Hammered hard today here and a different article.Make sure to use your thumbs to spread the message about the filthy Jew supremacist on the Popular now page by supporting other ppls messages that show these Pigs for what they are!

YW I consider as a friend with whom I disagree on occasion like I do with many sane posters. But I am not buying the same argument that Jabsluna likes to present, that is that Islam is honky dory but that Muslims don't get it therefore they act like mowrons.You are what you eat, religion is what you practice.

"It is not so much the penetration as the enjoyment that is considered bad.[32] Deep shame attaches to the passive partner: "for this reason men stop getting layed at the age of 15 or 16 and 'forget' that they ever allowed/suffered/enjoyed it earlier."

"Muslim Brotherhood backlash against UN declaration on women rights UN's call to end violence against women would lead to disintegration of Muslim society, says Egypt's ruling party--------------Patrick Kingsley in Cairoguardian.co.uk, Friday 15 March 2013 14.49 EDT

Benjamin Netanyahu seeks survival for his country. Surrounded on three sides by hostile countries, he sits in the proverbial hot seat, striving to steer the state of Israel through yet another national crisis.

Mosab Yousef, son of the founder of Hamas, Hassan Yousef, says that Muslims will never stop trying to kill Jews.

Well I am off to pray to Allah...

Peace or Bust...the sign in your avatar echoes the doctrine of Jesus Christ but in no way resembles the teaching of Islamists today.someone is silently thumbing down the pro-humanity comments. wonder who that could be

Read the facts and come out of denial or lying and you will know what I am talking about.

Rachel Corrie was a traitor to the USA, clearly.

---Israel violates U.N. Resolutions more than any country in the world,,,

Pook says it is in the Israeli secret reconnaissance division of the IDF...  HA!  Pook, the only recon you do is with your finger in your butt in that hole you dug....

Just a PURE WICKED LOOK MUHAMMAD WEARING BOMB WITH A LIT FUSE ON HIS HEAD that says ...never trust a JIHADI

Pook, tell us all what I just said...

Obama will lay a wreath at the grave of Theodore Herzl......One of the great men of history.

Mecca belongs to Jews, All land in the ME belong to the Jews. Jews are full of hate.  Look it up

Tear down Zion and build Palestine..NowJews are trash.  Over 20,500 acts of murders by the Zionists No other religion even comes close

Just a PURE WICKED Looking Jews

white from Boca Raton and jews in FL own my as&amp;

Over 20,500 acts of islamic terror since 9/11. No other religion even comes close.

Jews have never had Hope or Peace and never will until the accept Pales rights

I hate jews. they are animals

Look at that evil Bibi, elected by the Israeli people, compromising with 3 other parties to form a coalition in less then 2 month , while poor unelected Hamas and poor unelected Abbas can't have their unity!

FOI I am not disputing the virgin birth.  All I am asking if God is Jewish since Jesus is Jewish. Simple question

Rachel Aliene Corrie (April 10, 1979 – March 16, 2003) was an American peace activist[1] and member of International Solidarity Movement (ISM)[2] from Olympia, Washington, who was crushed to death by an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) armored bulldozer in Rafah, in the southern part of the Gaza Strip.[1][3]

Everyman .............. two words for ya'.#1 Sayeret#2 MatkalEvilman/Everyman is threatening Pook now.  I am a witness.

I do not know what ISM is about. I do know that Rachel Corrie supported terrorism.

Palestinian Muslims were calling for the destruction of Israel since when Gaza was occupied by Egypt and West Bank by Jordan.

Corrie was a useful idiot for the Hamas thugs and paid for her imbecility.She hated this country but that is OK with us, we are free to hate our country.Getting in front of an armored bulldozer in a war zone, is another thing.Bye bye !

Benjamin Netanyahu on Christians who are pro Israel -"My opinion of Christian Zionists? They're s/c*u/m. But don't tell them that. We need all the useful idiots we can get right now."

Evilman,Since when did Islam become a race? I am sadly screwed up.

Hey ISHY, I just heard you are Norma, Norma is a racist Spanish lady from San Antonio.  She was run off from our friends....

Pal is a LIAR, but then, he is a Jihadist supporter too.  He also clones.

POB,I did not LIE.  There is proof there for you to search yourself.  Do so and be honest or continue with your support of Jihadist.  Up to you.

The Yiddish word for 'circle' is ki&amp;el (pronounced KY-kul), and for 'little circle,' ki&amp;eleh (pronounced KY-kul-uh). Before long the immigration inspectors were calling anyone who signed with an 'O' in place of an 'X' a ki&amp;el or ki&amp;eleh or ki&amp;ee or, finally and succinctly, ki&amp;e.POB two questions for you. 1)  Why do you chose to ignore the truth? 2) Why do you lurk all day and night on the boards then start trying to subtly harass DR when he comes on the boards?

POB, I do not care if you post your lies.  I will debunk them, count on it ;-)

When did Jews invent God?

Who are ZioPig Askenazi paid trolls?

Pook what did I tell you about Lusting over G0Y1M you should stick to Camels and Pigs.

I said ISM promotes PEACE!! But I also know they support Hamas!

----Nuclear power plant in the Negev,,,Financial power plant in Wa$$$$$$hingtn,,,

These zioNAZIM idiots are without boundaries and will say anything in their zioNAZI minds... "God was Jewish" and then try to convince you!  Ha!

---Jamil ZioNAZIroodi is ITCHING,,,,

Even Hannibals Pigs wouldnt eat ISHYFOI no I haven't but you said Christ is jewish so does that mean that God is Jewish. For me if there is God he has to be universal and not associated with any tribe,  If God the son is Jewish doesn't than mean God the father is Jewish too. Just asking

Pook you lying pig stop being stupid

Friend of israel is JEWISH

God is not Jewish.  God is no religion and any idiot yahoo on Yahoo that says otherwise is a charlatan...

"Egypt’s Muslim Brotherhood says UN document on violence against women violates Islamic rules"By Associated Press, Published: March 13 | Updated: Thursday, March 14, 1:24 PM

So the ZioPig Askenazi paid poster Patrol is out stirring kaos after getting owned today by independent truth tellers and freedom fighters.FEELS SO GOOD!

When Reuters reported that Palestinians “honored” her after her death in a “symbolic funeral” by flying US flags, James Taranto from the Wall Street Journal remarked that if Corrie were still alive, no doubt she’d have burned the flags.  Even the far-Left Mother Jones magazine considers her a dangerous and deluded little twit.

Ishy spreading more vile as always.While at Evergreen State College she became a "committed peace activist" arranging peace events through a local group called 'Olympians for Peace and Solidarity'. She later joined the International Solidarity Movement (ISM) organisation in order to use non-violent methods for challenging the policies of the Israeli army in the West Bank and Gaza.[1] In her senior year, she proposed an independent-study program in which she would travel to Gaza, join protesters from the ISM, and initiate a "sister city" project between Olympia and Rafah.[10] Before leaving, she also organized a pen-pal program between children in Olympia and Rafah.[24]

I am back. You can all start ranting again.

You do not promote peace by promoting hatred and supporting terrorism as Rachel Corrie did.I see, Rachel promoted peace by promoting hatred of America in Gaza? Is that it? Is that why she burned the flag with rage in front of Gazan children? To promote peace? NOT.

J is for JesusPeace be upon him, 'Isa, the son of Maryam,To his people Allah's word did he carryBy Allah's help he made the sick well,So people would believe what he had to tell

Rising aboveSoaked in humiliationStanding in the cornerOf the -security check- cubicalAll aloneNo mum to hold my handOr calm down my fearNo dad to hide my shameAnd wipe my tears awayNo shoes, no socks, no clothesNot even underwearAfter being strippedBy her…

G is for GabrielAn angel created by Allah from light,His duty is to serve Allah all day and nightTo Prophet Muhammad (S) he did appear,To bring mankind the Holy Qur'an so dear

E is for EarthWith its mountains, rivers, and seas,Animals, birds, fruits, and treesThey all declare Allah's Might,Following His laws, wills, and light

A poem About Allah's CreationsBusy Little Honey BeeBusy little honeybee!Living in your hiveWorking night and day for meAllaah makes you strive.Then upon my breakfast tableFrom you little beeComes your honey so deliciousSticky, golden, yummy!So for our little workerLove for her let's sendDo not bother or disturb herShe’s our busy friend!

ISHY, do you or I mean, does "Norm" play the rusty trombone?

Another Poem to AllahWhen I was IllOne day when I was feeling illa sparrow flew on to my window sill.He didn't see me tucked up in bedas he pecked away at a piece of bread.I thought of how he could flywhen I, in bed could only lie.I thought how Allah had made him smalland then of dinosaurs, and giraffes so tall.I thought of many, many thingssome with four legs, others with wings.I thought how wonderful Allah isbecause everything around me is really His.

A poem of mine..In The Name Of AllahWe seek Allah's protectionFrom Shaitan's evil mind;And begin with the name of AllahMost Merciful, Most Kind!

Poor DavidClones are deceivers. You know what happens to deceivers. Just sayin'.

I go with Achmed to Hollwood!

I call Norma Norm... It has a weiner..

I love to hear that babies are dying in Palestine.

ISHY, I knew you were Norma, why you no tell me silly?

Whatta mug. Anybody up for target practice?I think he's mad because he knows his zionist masonic pryamid of lies is finished. We just hammered the last nail into the coffin.Holy Spirit - 1Netzi    -      0

Norma, spank me first and I will suck you, deal?

I love Rachel Corrie.

Can I get a foreskin?  The one I am chewing ran out of flavor...

long live Israel, land of the Bible, back to the ancient Boundaries set up by God.Many comments about Peace activist Rachel Corrie.I'm surprised the ziotrolls haven't "dug up" Mosaad's victims, the Fogel family for another airing.

I suck on Norma Espinozas weiner for israel every day.  She hates americans and whites too.

David Rosentahl is a deceiver of his own self, no other human would follow in his steps.

Do you realize taht I would suck off a goat on TV to make israel a better place?

You all heard it the guy HERE is really David R.

---Prime minister of the terrorist entity of NAZIsrel: in English,,,GO BACK TO KHAZARIA,,,

---Evidence of NAZIyahu's popular demise:..Netanyahu, who barely hung onto his job, was forced to cede significant power to his new partners...

In a free election the people of Gaza chose the extreme racist and hate filled Hamas , how openly make it clear that their main aim is killing Jews, who once they got into power decided to lurch on war until all the land form river to the sea was under their control.That may not cause the Palestinian apologists  any concern at all, but in the real world people have a right to not talk hate filled extreme racist bigots that make it clear that they what to kill them.

----NAZIyahu,,, just listen and do something right for once,,,GO BACK TO KHAZARIA,,,,,

Man Netanyahu looks a scary serial rapist! this #$%$ is one Rouge Murderer.stop killing the Poor Palestinian Refuges man! The Jews should leave the People Of Palestine alone.How many God's have there been?

How many Gods are there today?

Who were the jews before they called themselves the Jews?

That was not the question Pal, the question is when did mohammed invent Islam?

POOK our Golden Dome has been shining for over 1300 years.  If you add up all the time the temple was there it is just a fraction

But the basic answer is that Judaism formed from several threads that came together during the first city/state of the Sumer/Mesopotamia region.....say, that's Iraq now (or as the Daily Show calls it: Messopotamia).Nonetheless, you're talking about thousands of years of religious evolution to tweak out a monotheistic mythology. Interesting stuff, though, once you dive into it.

The “active homosexual act is considered as an assertion of one’s aggressive masculine superiority, while the acceptance of the role of the passive homosexual is considered extremely degrading and shameful because it casts the man or youth into a submissive, feminine role”.

Hamas also state in Article 13 of their charter that they will kill Jews based on the teaching of Mohammad.

ISHY the ugly lying prick. Corrie had come to Gaza during the height of the second Palestinian intifada[4] as part of her senior-year college assignment to connect her home town with Rafah in a sister cities project.[5] While there she had engaged with other ISM activists in efforts to non-violently prevent the Israeli army's demolition of the homes of Palestinian people.[1][6][7]

God is not a Jew, god, if there is one created the Samarians and the Indians (india) before the Jews... so god must be hindu, their civilization is over 30,000 years old..Pal, show me where I have ever stated that.  You can't because it is YOU that is the Liar.

Peace or Bust, what does the sign in your avatar say?

David take more meds they are wearing off again.

Oh look Equalizer farted.

Bibi Nutcaseyahu is quickly growing his clown suit...soon he will be the biggest clown around...or is he already??

I believe in Malcolm.Do you know him?

The events surrounding Corrie's death are disputed. Eyewitnesses said that the Israeli soldier operating the bulldozer deliberately ran Corrie over while she was acting as a human shield to prevent the demolition of the home of local pharmacist Samir Nasrallah

I imagined Pook to be some Vietnamese lady, married to a jew, running her mouth all day...

so what the fu&amp;k is Shekinah

ISHY do you worship this: copulating with the Shekinah, the false feminine godISHY I thank God for the great nation of Philistine and the way he kept our Golden Dome shining for over 1300 years.  God Bless the seconding of Jesus and Philistine.

Poor David :(

Can you imagine JEWhadis on Temple Mount' in Jerusalem apologizing for killing Jesus?

If Satanyahu shed his skin, sprouted horns, shook a tail and ran on hooves AND turns out to be the anti-Christ ... I will not be shocked WHAT-SO-EVER

HAHAHA poor ISHY the LIAR thinks a piece of paper that children DRAW on is a FLAG

There no sigh of Hamas desiring peace with Israel. Indeed, that's the last thing they want. They're prepared for a lengthy cease-fire during which they rearm and prepare to attempt to conquer Israel when it suits them on the model of the original Islam/Jewish encounters.

Their is no such thing as Christian anti-Semitism. It is an oxymoron.

Everyman spams more than any other Yahoo user.

And I thought american politics were splintered. At least the u.s. have a two party system. Israel has many splintered groups that can support each other to obtain a majority rule. However the various groups are all having different views. How can you move a country forward with these many different opinon groups? My answer, you will not.

Hamas state explicitly in Article 13 of their charter that peace is not in their interest.Netanyahu is the face of EVIL, literally

The face on Rachel as she burns the flag in front of Muslim children is one of hate and rage. She was promoting anti-American sentiment in Gaza. If Pollard was a traitor so was Rachel Corrie.

Do  anti Israel pro-palestinian supporters send their kids out with bombs on there backs to kill other children? Are they  trying to encourage murder and terrorism. Before Israeli's make into neighbors someone who in 1948 said they were going to kill all the jewish   families shouldn't you want them to be a little civilized. If the local arabs accepted the 1948 mandate in 1948 would we be here today?

Hey cubbyboy how's my tax dollars treatin ya?

1967 Borders are out of the question; Israel must keep new housing projects going full swing.  As for the Palestinians, they will have to follow; if they don't, I'm sure Egypt, Syria or Jordan wouldn't mind taking them in.  I hope Obama will say the right thing info this time.

Based on the faults in Everyman's composition, he seems to be desperately typing as fast as he can in a failed effort to prove what is not so.

"Everyman  •  2 secs ago Report AbusePook says it is in the Israeli secret reconnaissance division of the IDF... HA! Pook, the only recon you do is with your finger in your butt in that hole you dug...."----------- I never said that. This one is a LIAR.

Pook  •  6 mins ago Report AbuseEveryman .............. two words for ya#1 Sayeret#2 MatkalOhh Pookie wants to play secret agent hoare....

"Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood, the power behind President Mohamed Morsi, usually makes its more incendiary statements in Arabic only. "Except when it comes to putting down the woman folk. They do that in English too.

if you want a pretty good history on the situation of Islamel, you tube "Middle East, N. Africa and Asia occupation 101" it's 90 minutes long, but they do a good job.Hey Pook, tell us how stop hate  gives you a semi....

FOI I like this and it shows God is not Jewish since He is everywhere and existed before the jews came to being.

The zioNAZIM are here saying God is a Jew!  HAHAHAQHAHAHAHAHAH!

FOI no reason to get upset.  We believe in the holy spirit but your not answering my question is god the father Jewish

God was no Jew... Early Hebrews, pre-monotheisim, were ploytheists.Polytheistic temple ruins have been found in the area.Jehovah was the resident storm god. Eve was a fertility goddess, who used a serpent for a symbol(!).Monotheisim grew out of the Babylonian captivity, where the Jehovah priestly orders kept it together, &amp; organized the Hebrew slaves. Since all the other dieties' priesthoods had "rolled over" &amp; converted to the Babylonian gods under pressure from their owners, Jehovah became the Hebrew God, for there were no others still prayed to.

Hey Liars... it took me 15 seconds to rip your entire life apart.. God was no Jew...

If jews see something that is good they say, it must be Jewish... Why then is god a Jew?  Were there no others before Jews?  Lets see how easy it is to prove all the Jewish israelis here liars...  BRB....

James is KO'd by my shoe laces.

I love the photos they use of Nuttyahoo.  He always looks like he's drunk or getting it up the wazoo.  It's appropriate given the #$%$ he espouses day in and day out.

Samantha, since you do not believe in Satan, why do you pretend to worship Satan? It makes no sense, does it?peace with Jihadis is the most dangerous thing Infidels can do, it will make them drop their guard and they will be attacked from all sides. you can not trust an Jihadi a thousand years in his grave.

ISM supports Hamas. Hamas are Terrorist, therefore ISM is not supporting peace.  Check the FBI files.  ISM are bad boys.

We all face a rocky future as demonstrated in the resent posts. This is the beginning of the end of history.

He will do anything to be elected.

For anyone that is truly interested in FACTS:Summary of the Verdict (T.A. 371/05) Estate of the Late Rachel Corrie, etc.v. The State of Israel â€“ Ministry of Defense

who care!

Comedy they are deleting.

Nope sorry Ishy no where does it show here burning a FLAGhow does it feel to be a LIAR

a picture is worth a thousand words. and the picture of that individual up there, is the picture of the devil, an evil so horrific it blows my mind that nobody has stopped it yet. Mark my words, readers, if you continue to let israel and america and europe and all these #$%$ white judeochristians do what they are doing, taking everything for themselves while denying everything for the coloreds, then there is no hope, no salvation for this world. SALVATION LIES ONLY IN ISLAM AND HINDUISM, for only then can you realize the truth, that there is no meaning to life, that the goal of life is to be detached from it, the root of all evil is envy. These things can only be learned in ISLAM AND HINDUISM, not via satanic capitalistic judeochristianity. SCREW ISRAEL, SCREW EUROPE, SCREW JEWS AND CHRISTIANS MOST OF ALL, AND SCREW AMERICA FOR BEING TOO TERRIFIED OF THE TRUE TERRORISTS IN ISRAEL AND EUROPE, WHO WERE DIRECTLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE TACTICAL MILITARY OPERATION KNOWN AS 9/11/2001.

POB, someone that supports peace does not conduct themselves in the manner that Corrie did.    Would you burn your Flag and that of another countries in front of children POB?Where would the israelis go if israel fell to the Arabs?  Just a hypothetical question...

I am not sure why Amicans do not understand that "Palestine" is a corruption of the word Phillistenia who live in the area before the 5c. BC.  So technically Jews are Palestinians since they live in the area formally colonised by Phillistines.  To call Sunni Arabs "Palestinian" is wrong since "Palestine" is geographical location not an ethic designation.  What you have is a Jewish nation and Arabs who hate it calling for its daily destruction.  Before you complain have you heard Lebanese and Jordanians daily call for Israels destruction?  Yeah I have.

When did Pook (the athiest) decide to defend all of these "fakes"?

ISHY  •  2 hrs 17 mins ago Report AbuseClone, you are not going to run me off. You are a poor excuse for a human, but you prove that Islam is sewage so even you serve a purpose. LOLISHY, you "LOL" while the racism just slides out of your face.  You have no moral grounds by which to look down on me.  You are just a racist, I am in your way.  You hate that.  That is good.

If you have to clone me, could you at least try to use good grammar and make some sense? Thank you.

...look into his EYES!.....you can see into the soul of the DEVIL....look into his EYES!.....this people is the face of total annihilation of ALL humans on earth.....Netanyahu has the NUKE and he will use it before he dies....its Benny's destiny...

I love to see Americans being used for the better of israel...  I love it israeli much.  Israeli good dead...

POB, heated?  Not at all, you are the one heated about the facts I posted about Rachael Corrie that you refuse to admit are indeed facts.  But, I know you know that they are facts.  You are a dishonest person.

Sammy, is that better?

Hiding behind talk of educational activities and non-violence, ISM affiliates use taxdeductiblecontributions and educational tax dollars to promote their programs in theU.S. The ISM has built a network across our nation’s colleges. There have been callsfor these groups to be investigated by federal authorities because of evidence that theysupport the goals of terrorist organizations.The real question is not how many resolutions have been issued, but who are the main violators of human rights. Since the Arab Israeli Conflict has resulted in less deaths than almost every other one of the 50 world conflicts since the 1940s, ask why the UN has not condemned the worst violators.

Isreal, hold fast give no chance to enemy.

Shawna Darling that would be Friend of Israel;  Pook; ISHY; The I love Gitmo avatar;plus there are quite a few others all paid liars!

ISHY is spanISHY... that is why is calls itself ISHY, it is not jewISH but spanISH, so it is a little ISHY..

"David L Rosenthal  •  1 min 20 secs ago Report AbuseFriend of israel, David Rosenthal, ISHY all say "God bless israel" but never God bless America... They are no Americans..."---------- Funny little LIAR.

Caterpillar is one of the most promising stocks .Buy it!

The truth wil all come to light, and the deceivers will all be lit up like flares.DeceiversThose who enjoy deceitHave a specially reserved seatWhich on the front line they have earnedFrom which they can watch their kind burnIn the fire prepared for their kindFor which liars like them was designedAnd this fire will never relentFor those who refused to repentTheir widows and orphans don’t cryWhen despicable deceivers dieBut rather breathe a sigh of reliefThat their sojourn on Earth was briefAnd their absence leaves peace in its wakeMaking up for their fatal mistake

Netanyahu Is A blood Sucking Jew. fact jack

Poor Reaper;-)

POB, I suspect you are up to the same shenanigans that Reaper is and others that follow posters to harass under the reply section.home of local pharmacist Samir Nasrallah

Hang that filthy jew reptile! Can't wait till another jew holocaust happens! I hope those palestinians get back their land!

...p'd in the wind and sullied himself  benji the rabid has-been

If Israel is not strong enough to stand on her own two feet, they should not be considered an independent state, but the US already has enough welfare states. Time for Israel to mind their own business on their own dime.

Sam the new DLR is funny and we are just some fun with nut case bit&amp;hes.  POOK and FISHY

The ADL’s public opinion surveys “indicate that 30 percent of the American people believe that American Jews are more loyal to Israel than the United States,” Foxman said. “That’s an anti-Semitic canard…The same percentage of people in the United States believe that the Jews killed Christ.”70% more to go!

Without religion, no one would care about Israel. If I was inventing a magical sky god who promises me a country, it would be the Bahamas or somewhere else that people actually want to go.

The fundamental fact in this is that the Palestinian leaders reject peace with Israel.Hamas rules Gaza, and declares it is dedicated to destroying Israel, and will never agree to peace with Israel.The PA has rejected Israel's repeated offers of a state, and refuses to negotiate.It demands what it calls 'right of return', which is simply a demand that Israel agree to be destroyed.As long as the Palestinian leaders reject peace, there will not be peace.

Cloners always show up when they cannot win a debate.  All they have are lies and cloning.  Pathetic and impotent.

Netanyahu such a strong leader  ......obama such a strong liar.Sayeret Matkal ............ best antidote against the mohammedan rooster sucker.

Yes they do seem very Biased and deceptive Epic you can tell by how those people are always attacking everyone and combative.Thanks Epic and all the other Truth tellers have a great night.

The lies drip from his tongue like a fetid river of boiling hot pus.British author Stuart Wilde gets it right in his essay nominating Netanyahu for Anti-Christ, reprinted below.I’m already printing up the bumperstickers:Netanyahu for Anti-Christ: He’s got my vote!

Pook, ishy, the whole hebearnaut clan thinks me a Muslim!

Palestinian people are 'free'....they are called Israelis

palistinians are not to be trusted ..... they dont want peace .... they want Israel gone...

Stay on this thread guys lets give Pookie wookie and his paid crew a run for their money.

I posted court cases and FBI reports.  No lies,  too bad for you.

Jack, why don't you purchase $42 million in Bonds if you want a piece of the pie?  No one would stop you.

Women can work and lead a happily married lifebut shouldn't neglect her role as mother and wifea woman for her child's upbringing, deserves her creditislam also gives a woman the right to inherita woman's status in islam, we should never neglectin islam they are favoured and deserve their respect - In IslamDR1 but Arafat is dead and now you have Abass so what is the problem.  He even said that he will give up his right of return to 1948 land. So what's the delay now

Mongrel, I do not see Norma, but if she shows up you will know it ;-)  You must be ready for a spanking from Norma.

Pook, how many times have I proven you wrong?  EVERY!!!  FACT!

Either one supports peace or one supports Hamas. NOT BOTH. NOT POSSIBLE.

Are you aware in what mess the unified country for all Iraqis and Sunnis, Shiiates, Kurds and Christians is in the Middle East? Are you aware in what mess the unified country for all Syrians and Sunnis, Alawaites, Kurds, Shiiates, Druzees and Christians is in the Middle East? Zionists have no desire to be like them.

Pal, I said no such thing.  I posted a Bible Verse, YOU came up with whatever number you are using and making false accusations against me.  You also like to harass me and say vulgar things that prove you not to be of good character of a creditable person.  You are dismissed.

AbuAss for Anti-Christ? He’s got my vote! ..........Abu Mazen knows no bounds.

I agree on one thing with ISHY please do google it and you will see that he's a lying.

Hugh - Is stupid your hobby AND your religion ???

The Jewish people have spoken to tell the warmonger Prime Minister they will not listento his weapons of mass destruction like the former  V.P. of the U.S. told the countryand now he wants us to draw a line in the sand with Iran dose  he know the lives which have been lost in the middle east plus the Irag war cost us 1 and 1/2 trillion dollars what did itcost Israel, Wize up and get to the Peace Process the world is tired of your complainingFOI not sure what you mean by always. Do you mean at the same time/space

People say the US had mideast enemies before Israel existed. Well,during WW1 this country fought to defeat the Turks. Furthermore, youthink Christian "Palestinian" Arabs will be better off in a majority Muslimcountry? Look at Egypt, Libya and Iran and how Christians are treated there.

But why should he stop there? While the office of the Prime Minister of the State of Israel is indeed a respectable position in the demonic hierarchy, there is no reason why such a talented Prince of Evil as Netanyahu should be content to rest on his laurels.

mohammedans, why are you afraid of vaginae?

approximately 1,700 homes were demolished resulting in 17,000 people becoming homeless between 2000 and 2004

To think that ANY Israeli would want to be "soft" on the Palestinians is saddening. Most of the original land that the Jewish people were promised went to someone else. And yet for all of this Israel has continued demands from the "Palestinians" (whoever they are) for more concessions. When will all the brain dead people out there realize that NOTHING is being demanded from them! Mr. Netanyahu has been the rock and anchor for Israel for all the years he has been Prime Minister. People in the United States were in a rush to get a "new perspective" here at home and look at what that got for us!

The Palestinian glorification of the 'heroic martyrs' of murdered Israeli civilians has to end, as does the naming of squares, streets and schools after killers who have indiscriminately and brutally targeted innocents, a square was recently named after Mugrabi who massacred 37 Israeli's on a bus, and Abbas also attended a ceremony that honored Al Hindi, who was one of the leaders that organized the murder of Israeli athletes at the 72 Olympics.What kind of 'peace' can the PA offer anyway? it has zero control over the SW border with the Hamas controlled Gaza strip and no control over the northern border with Hezbollah controlled Lebanon.

Pcika  God, any God, and lets find out:  "Where are they now?"

If I were God I would call myself "Everyman"

Can we play a game?  "God's, where are they now?"Do you think they called him "god" out of wisdom?  Knowing that if they took the general term that there may be no others for a while?

When did the jews invent our most recent "god"?

Can you imagine Jihadis on Temple Mount' in Jerusalem apologizing for stealing the holly land?

And when satanyahu leaves this world he will have a nice apartment in hell.

Can you imagine Jewish state living side by side with their Mulsim/Arab neighbors in peace and even with them selves. For the good of mankind. Neither can they

mohammedans are terrified of thinking women .......I am flabbergasted .

ISHY the lying bit&amp;h. I pray to God you find worse fate than Corrie because of your ugly hate.

POB, I will continue to post the truth and facts no matter whether it meets your approval or not.  I will do it today, tomorrow as often as I choose.  Deal with it.

When I moved to Stamford Hill, 12 years ago, I didn't realise that goyim were about as welcome in the Hasidic Jewish shops as Martin Luther King at a Ku Klux Klan convention. I didn't realise that a purchase by a goy was a crime to be punished with monosyllabic terseness, or that bus seats were a potential source of contamination, or that road signs, and parking restrictions, were for people who hadn't been chosen by God. And while none of this is a source of anything much more than irritation, when I see an eight-year-old boy recoiling from a normal-looking woman (because, presumably, he has been taught that she is dirty or dangerous, or, heaven forbid, dripping with menstrual blood) it makes me sad.

There was a piece in the Independent the other day by Christina Patterson that went way over the top in describing the rudeness of Stamford Hill’s ultra-Orthodox Jews towards gentiles:When did Constantine invent Christianity?

Since then the totalitarian Left and neo#$%$ have beatified Corrie.   She is the darling of the Iranian Holocaust deniers.  A ridiculous theater play has been making the circuits proclaiming Corrie a victim, rather than an accomplice of terror.  She is celebrated by David Duke and the neo#$%$, as well as the neo-Stalinist Left.    The most lasting images of Corrie was of her face contorted with rage as she burned an American flag.

Just look at the hateful pro israel comments.  Mohammed this and muslims that... they are all so scared of Islam... Praise be to Allah!  The Muslims and anti zioNAZI comments are of pleas for peace.  Theirs, pleas for blood.

"This declaration, if ratified, would lead to complete disintegration of society, and would certainly be the final step in the intellectual and cultural invasion of Muslim countries, eliminating the moral specificity that helps preserve cohesion of Islamic societies," the brotherhood 's statement claimed.

Fire the combover!

You know, Samantha, Here gave you good advice.

Rocky and Bullwinkle-----21Palestinians------0

its the baby killer again. boooooooooooo

why did jews create us vs them "Gentile". Is it because they want kill, lie, cheat and steal from us the Gentiles

Norma we get it. You love the IDF you hate the Palis the muslims the Arabs and Rachel Corrie... Shut up now?The ISM is not a peaceful organization.  They instigate problems and have a lot of marks against them.  Do your research on the ISM, not that you would even be honest about them.  To be honest does not fit your agenda.

Islam shows equality my sisters and brothersdon't forget paradise lies at the feet of your motherswomen in the UK had property rights from 1938this right was given by islam, 14 centuries to datein the UK, women could vote from 1918this was stated 1400 years ago in islam our deen

Sorry,..... allah ..... god ........elohim ........ gaia ........ fantasies.

Josef Federman and AP made sure to pick out a sinister looking picture of Netanyahu, among the thousands of pics this was all they could find. They can't even hide there bias!

ISHY do you like Salami it has pig meat in it you know. This could be a sin and your jewish god might not like tha.

"Christians say they were tortured in Libya MAGGIE MICHAEL - AP - 4 hrs ago"Praise be to allah ? maybe? ......

Hey when someone defend the killing of Corrie in the same way ISHY is doing. I have the right use anything I want. She crossed a redline in decency and doesn't deserve any. She is attacking a dead person because she was human and stood for what is right. Plus she supports genocide. ISHY is no human and just fitly pig.

Hopefully, Netanyahu will succeed in manipulating America into fighting more proxy wars for Israel.  God bless!

NO GOD TODD!  We like you.

Popaver somniferum anyone?"Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood, the power behind President Mohamed Morsi, usually makes its more incendiary statements in Arabic only. But such was the movement's horror at a United Nations proposal to reduce violence against women that it issued a statement in English today complaining that "the complete disintegration of society" would result if the UN adopts a set of recommendations from its Commission on the Status of Women.

"Epik Phactor  •  33 secs ago Report AbuseStay on this thread guys lets give Pookie wookie and his paid crew a run for their money."My shoelaces will KO you, mouk!

"The UN document on women that has terrified Egypt's Muslim BrotherhoodThe Muslim Brotherhood of Egypt has teamed up with Iran, Russia, and the Vatican to oppose a UN draft proposal on reducing violence against women on moral grounds."------------- Yes ..... TERRIFYING indeed ..........

Nutinyahoo looks so evil.

GOD BLESS Rachel Corrie  and only sick people full of hate who would defend the murder of this beautiful human being. Even at age 10 she was wise and full of love.  Christ is ashamed of all of you killers.  Corrie was killed by the same people who killed blessed Jesus.

“We should be inspired by people... who show that human beings can be kind, brave, generous, beautiful, strong-even in the most difficult circumstances.”― Rachel Corrie

Why the ominous  photo of him lol?  Making him look like the antichrist lol

Everyone loves to hate Netanyahu. How do you feel about thegovernments in Iran, Gaza, Libya, Egypt and the former Sudan(now divided into South Sudan and Sudan) and have you figuredout which side to support in Syria (Assad or Al Qaeda)?

No moral judgment here ... but if Israelis were unwilling or unable to effectively annex and truly incorporate everything west of the River Jordan into the State of Israel in 1967, it's far too late now.  Maybe they didn't have the stomach for the ethnic cleansing that would have been necessary...would it have been worse than the hell the Arabs have been through since that time?   The piecemeal nibbling away at West Bank territory?They need to seriously consider that the hard-core supporters of Israel in the U.S. are a noisy minority whose numbers are likely to be shrinking as time passes and demographics change.

Given the nature of the charters of both the PLO and Hamas, calling for the deaths of Jews would you honestly consider that they could ever live 'on a free and equal basis' with Arabs. They never have in the past - there was always the little question of being dhimmi and the payment of the jizya tax to be taken into consideration.There were always the expectations that if a Jew was accused of a crime he would be bound to be convicted.Pook you like to milk grown men and show off the stache....Been Milking Gobbler?

If you were God, what would you call yourself?

Please curb your dogs and pick up their Pook.

Did you see the article TODAY where the Islamics said they would not give women their rights?  They said it would destroy their society.  Translated, that means they want to continue to treat women no better than cattle to be abused in any way they chose to abuse them.  They will have no say so in how badly they are abused.  Islam is sewage.

ISHy is a lying bit&amp;h and her god must be a jew

Friend of israel, David Rosenthal, ISHY all say "God bless israel" but never God bless America...  They are no Americans...

I can't believe anyone would thump down statement by a 10 year child in support of other children but it doesn't take long to realize who are doing it.  They are the same hate filled people that persecuted Jesus Christ.

Who is fighting?  POB just got all heated up and tried to accuse me of being heated.  She is the one foaming over facts.  Expose the ISM and watch her, hilarious.

“I feel like I'm witnessing the systematic destruction of a people's ability to survive. It's horrifying.” ― Rachel Corrie

ISHY yiu lying bit&amp;h.  The post I am referring to was not about the smoke from the north.  It was one you deleted.  Prove me wrong do you support a Pale state on 67 landISHY you lying bit&amp;h Corrie did what she believed in and followed words with action. Unlike you, you ugly wh&amp;re

When the Palestinians and their fellow Arab brothers recognize the State of Israel, then we can talk.

Bruce AMericans don't beat women or sisssy limies we did long ago and you ran with your skirts up.

Then post your legit sources and she really foams. SMH.

If AbuAss turns out to be the anti-Christ ... I will not be shocked WHAT-SO-EVER

You want to make me seem like a demented murderer? Fine. Just get the grammar right.

DR1 then let's change that perception: Christian anti-Semitism, Muslim anti-Semitism, Christian Islamophobia, Muslim persecution of Christians – all of these are acceptable topics of debate. But not Jewish hostility to Christianity.

Pook LIkes to have fantasies about G0Y!M even though his Rabbi gets Jealous..

What came first, the chicken or god?

ISHY I love a big bird as long as you name is on it. Please be aware I make lots of noise so you need to bring ear plugs to plug the two holes in your headWhere is G0R3P1G when you need him OINK???????

God bless Israel  and peace for Jerusalem.  Your land and not to be divided into pieces.  Some people want you to prosper.  The rest really don't matter in the overall scheme of things.

ISHY is an American traitor...  Norma is ISHY and Norma is a white hating Spanish lady for San Antonio texas...

Can some jews explain this to us Gentiles: Satanic ritual is from the Kabbalah, the Zoar, and the 18th Century Hasidic movement. They gave us this act of copulating with the Shekinah, the false feminine god, in order to give birth to an erotic union with the Ein-sof, the false masculine god.

More BS from Ishy, he thinks if he says it enough it must be true,

GOD BLESS Rachel Corrie and ISHY must be loving God's eternal damnation

Sonce Palestinian Muslims are dedicated to the extermination of Jews, segregagtion is an issue of self-defense.

----Nuclear power plant in the Iran,,,Petrolum power plant in Wa$$$$$$hingtn,,,

ISHY and you are a peaceful wh&amp;re. who loves to commit genocide against the philistines

Scary looking son of a jewCan you imagine Jews on Kibbutz' in israel apologizing for stealing the land?

David r likes small children, his kind are cut that way, clearly.

jihadis smell like jihadish milk duds

That's the face of the Devil!

ISHY you ever swam to the bottom of a Sink whole with concrete boots on?

"Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood says UN proposal on women will destroy the worldThe Muslim Brotherhood of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi has greeted a UN proposal designed to reduce violence against women with unabashed horror.By Dan Murphy | Christian Science Monitor – Thu, Mar 14, 2013"

In no way am I sticking up for this man but honestly he lives in the scariest part of the world fighting off neighbors trying to terrorize israel.. Obviously hes going to be a lot tougher and scarier than any president we will ever encounter.

Ishy I don't make threats I make things happen why whats up?

ISHY you are lying prick You are the nut case ad your entire family is nut case because you support genocide

“I got a number of very thoughtful responses to the email I sent out last night, most of which I don’t have time to respond to right now. Thanks everyone for the encouragement, questions, criticism. Daniel’s response was particularly inspiring to me and deserves to be shared. The resistance of Israeli Jewish people to the occupation and the enormous risk taken by those refusing to serve in the Israeli military offers an example, especially for those of us living in the United States, of how to behave when you discover that atrocities are being commited in your name. Thank you.” ― Rachel CorrieISHY Prove me wrong and say you support the Pales to have their own state on their 1967 land. Prove met wrong and say so

ISHY is you husband not satisfying your urges that you get joy and pleasure by feeling happy about the murder of other people.

And mohammadyahu left this world resides in a nice apartment in hell.

Did anyone get an OMEN vibe from that pic of this nutcase?

ISHY I have a surprise for you. Our state is philistine where my poeple live today and where Israel stole our land.  We are not going anywhere and our state we will get soon. You lying wh&amp;re

POOK is Jewish...

jihadis need to go back to Mecca

Have it your way. See you later, or perhaps not.

ISHY do you support the pales to have their own state on the 1967 land. prove me wrong

Stephen Pollard, the brilliant editor of the Jewish Chronicle, described this as “pure, unrelenting unadulterated anti-Jewish bigotry,” on the part of Ms Patterson and indeed some of its undertones are disturbing. But monosyllabic terseness towards goyim? I’ve experienced it, and it’s maddening. Let me recommend a gripping book called Postville by the secular Jewish journalist Stephen Bloom, who records the extreme bad manners of Lubavitch Jews who moved en masse to a town in rural Iowa to run a huge kosher butchery. In the end, angry Christian townspeople, who had initially been welcoming, voted to annexe the land on which the factory was built, so they could tax and regulate it. Bloom, who felt the Lubavitchers had displayed “despicable” attitudes verging on racism, supported the move.ISHY please tell us were you abused as a child and that why you hate everyone except jews

ISHY why does you commands rape of young girls: Numbers 31:17-17 Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him.18 But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves.

ISHY is your god Jewish that you hate everyone who is not

“We are protecting civilians. We are unarmed. We are no threat to you. Please do not shoot.”― Rachel Corrie

Everyman is free....free of responsibility, free of scruples, free of morals, free of healthy sentiments, and free of maturity.

Based on the overwhelming support for Israel from the great majority of Americans, I suppose this is nothing more than self-entertsainment, and study of alien lifeforms.

Everyman, have you ever read about infantilism? You make a fascinating case study.

Netanyahu for Anti-Christ? He’s got my vote!  ..........Benjamin Netanyahu knows no bounds.By staging a mass human sacrifice in Gaza, the Israeli PM has earned the approbation of the 81% of Israeli voters who relish the blood of Palestinian children. (I pity the other 19%, who are stuck living in a nation of sadists and ghouls.)By turning the majority of his countrymen into demons who gleefully feast on the flesh of dead and dismembered children, Netanyahu has demonstrated amazing political acumen. His mass human sacrifice has virtually guaranteed his re-election as Prime Minister of Israel..

Can you imagine islamelis living within their Mecca homeland limits?

I'm the anti-kryst!!..call me Cheezus of Blintzes!!...I do not see N here. Is she?

The other day i stubbed my toe and said "Pook me in the ear, that hurt!"

This Jewish guy I knwo tried to Pook me out of $20

Palestinians say they were tortured in israeli custody, on the streets, in their homes, on the bus and more... - Every day, all day... Praise be to God?  Maybe?

Corrie had a beautiful soul: “By Rachel Corrie, aged 10 — 1990I’m here for other children.I’m here because I care.I’m here because children everywhere are suffering and because forty thousand people die each day from hunger.I’m here because those people are mostly children.We have got to understand that the poor are all around us and we are ignoring them.We have got to understand that these deaths are preventable.We have got to understand that people in third world countries think and care and smile and cry just like us.We have got to understand that they dream our dreams and we dream theirs.We have got to understand that they are us. We are them.My dream is to stop hunger by the year 2000.My dream is to give the poor a chance.My dream is to save the 40,000 people who die each day.My dream can and will come true if we all look into the future and see the light that shines there.If we ignore hunger, that light will go out.If we all help and work together, it will grow and burn free with the potential of tomorrow.”

Kill eachother, that is your destiny

I'm dangerous on the dance floor.

May Allah bless America and all the people.  All the blessings of Allah to you!

Israel should be evangelized and returned to the holy land? Excuseme, we are talking about Eretz Yisrael (the land of Israel:the nameJacob was given by God  is Israel. How are your efforts atevangelizing  the Egyptians, Libyans, Syrians and the Turks (afterthey murdered 1 and 1/2 million  Christian Armenians)  going?

Sad to see men descend into dementia while celebrating it.it is good to know Hitler is doing well in Zion land

I wounder why people are thumping down this:“By Rachel Corrie, aged 10 — 1990I’m here for other children. I’m here because I care. I’m here because children everywhere are suffering and because forty thousand people die each day from hunger

ISHY the lying bit&amp;h is the true Jihadist  because she justifies killing of 5M Pales and Corrie

ISHY you lying prick. I am not a #$%$ Jihadist  you stupid wh&amp;re. I am just speaking the truth about you and defending Corrie you lying prick.

Triple feature tonight: “Swindlers list”, “Holocaust Hoax”, and “J€ws the Eternal Victims”. Knock yourself out.

I think I have a case of Pookarrhea.... :^O

bibi will lead with his new knee pads on, of course the new are replacing the old ones.Bend over rover,,,,,

It is no skin off my back if you prefer to worship evil. Yu have been warned.

ISHY Yes you said so and you have deleted all your posts. you only have 89 posts showing and all the rest were deleted.

israel is not a "friend", it is a parasite that causes us nothing but trouble. it pulls billions from US taxpayers pockets every year, spies on us and sells our military technology to the highest bidder.I'm referring to treatment of non-Muslims in these countries I named.Israel, although built on the Jewish homeland, has freedom of religionfor all who live in it.

ISHY the lying prick.  You crossed a redline with your hate by justifying the murder of an American girl in a barbaric way for no reason but to maintain an illegal occupation.

If you have any doubt that media bias exists, just look at this photo.

Netanyhee . "Gesundheit" !

Sayeret Matkal  ws the name of a fat girl that gave hed to everyone...

“Sometimes I sit down to dinner with people and I realize there is a massive military machine surrounding us, trying to kill the people I'm having dinner with.” ― Rachel Corrie

DeceiversThose who enjoy deceitHave a specially reserved seatWhich on the front line they have earnedFrom which they can watch their kind burnIn the fire prepared for their kindFor which liars like them was designedAnd this fire will never relentFor those who refused to repentTheir widows and orphans don’t cryWhen despicable deceivers dieBut rather breathe a sigh of reliefThat their sojourn on Earth was briefAnd their absence leaves peace in its wakeMaking up for their fatal mistake

You do not have to stay trapped in the mind of a little boy and spend your life in frustration and anxiety. You can be healed.

When I am with you guys, I feel like Nurse Ratched.

You offer people God's love and blessing and they offer you murder in return. That is a special grade of infantilism linked with Satanism.You have my condolences. There is nothing more I can do for you.

Infantilism is Everyman's malady.

DR sure. I have been supporting peace for the past 20 years based on 2-state solution and 67 land for the pale. The only thing the Jews know how to do is kill, steal, and lie.  It is all in the Torah. The Zionists complained about Arafat and promoted Abass and not they say Abass is the same as Arafat. Now get a life . The truth is known to all.

ISHY are you jealous because they got medals and you didn't, If you come my way I can give you 20 medals for just being nice

Infantilism robs men of peace and fulfillment. It is a real shame.

Yahoo FanaticsLike agitated chimpanzeesThrowing feces through the barsYahoo users ululateExpressions so bizarreScampering from side to sideScreeching through their poutsTrying to alleviateFrustration with their shoutsFailing miserably to force-feedTheir many prevaricationsOn those who know much betterThan their sick imaginationsYahoo’s losing an opportunityTo profit from this showDon’t they know people pay handsomelyWho to the ape house goTo see the primates franticallyDisplaying neurotic behavior?If you informed Yahoo managementYou’d be doing them a favorIt would be easier to stopA chimp from doing acrobaticsThan to stop the flow of fecesFrom these sick Yahoo fanatics

ISHY the lying prick last week said it is ok to kill 5M Pales living on their land for the sake of Israel. The hate these MF spew is beyond believe and use God to justify it.   it is you and the other Ju lovers who are full of hate are the true Jihadist.

Good. It's time for a TRUE right wing Kahanist government in Israel that doesn't compromises on      J    E    W    I    S   H principles.

Over 20% of American children live in poverty and 45 million Americans live without healthcare but America has money for Israeli PARASITES……

I have an early morning... we are going to the FBI again... I have to stop Everyman...  He is too dangerous to be on Yahoo!Arf, I love to suck!

Pook ran out of lies so it is talking about animals now...

I went to the FBI about everyman and even they do not want to mess with him!  He must be a bad dude!

I say ISHY and POB go outside and fight...

The Five Pillars of IslamAllah is One and like no one,He has no partner, nor a son,He is Kind and Just and Wise,And has no form, shape or size.His final Messenger to all of us,Did so much without a fuss,Muhammad is his blessed name,As mercy to the worlds he came.Five times a day we make Salah,That's when we bow down to Allah,We ask for guidance when we pray,And this we do every single day.We have to share with those in need,And not give in to thoughts of greed,Zakah then helps us in this way,Lest we should err and go astray.In the month of Ramadan we must fast,From the first day to the last,When food and drink we put aside,By fasting rules we then abide.And all those who can afford,Seek the pleasure of their Lord,They perform their Hajj you know,When to Makkah the pilgrims go.

DR Pale don't need anyone to fight for them and we are here standing firm fighting for our stolen land. Justice is on our side and soon we will get our land back

ISHY were you abused when you were young by a pales.  Is this why you hate all Pales.  I thought Jesus preached love and no hate, so where do you get all your hate from

jews love to see christians fight and die in the middle east...

Zionatsiz you do not belong,according to the Torah you must not have a state,do not listen to the zionist evanglists.Go back to where you belong Romania,Russia,USA,Poland+++

The Animal KingdomSome animals make their homes in treesso do some insects and buzzing honey bees.Others burrow away in the earth so deepthen curl up inside for a winter-time sleep.Camels live in the desert hot and drystoring water in their humps so that they won't die.Yet the Polar bear with his white coat so nicehas to fish through a hole he made in the ice.No matter whether animals are big or smallthey know that its Allah who has made them all!So they sit their #$%$ in religious groups, get our money to study religious, get free healthcare, refuse to pay taxes there and we keep sending them money, weapons to annex other lands? So this our ally huh? We work for their religious guys to get free benefits. When is the last time these people send their soldiers to help US in any war? Yet they force any US government to get into war to defend them..... We are doomed.

I thank the Catholics for defending Jerusalem and keeping it for 1000 years...

Hey ISHY, will you spank me or will you be "Norma"

I like how the stupid David says "god bless israel" but no blessing for the country where he lives.  He is traitorous...

ISHY, you dress up like Norma and play hide the salami???

I'm sexy and I know it....  Unce unce unce unce unce unce unce unce (the beat)

H is for HeavenGod's garden of joy, peace, and love,The home for Muslim's souls aboveThe path to this heavenly placeIs faith in Allah's guidance and grace

Allah is OneRelated to noneAllah is One!No father, no motherNo sister, no brotherNo daughter, no sonAllah is One!

Everyman, dear, please stop cloning David L Rosenthal.This type of behavior does nothing to help our cause of freeing Palestine.Thanks.

B is for BilalBilal is that tall, brave African man,Islam freed him and gave him imanCalling the Muslims to come and pray,Was his duty each night and dayISHY, I am so happy to find out you are Norma!  I mean wow, I have that "tingle" like I used to get...  Oh, what, wait!!! I have a semi too!  Wow, what a day of days!

K is for Ka'bahFirst house of Allah in Makkah was made,By Ibrahim and Isma'il the stones were laidMillions of believers from every race,Come for Hajj tot his extra special place

A is for AllahLord of the Universe, who is One,He made the earth, stars, and sunHe made angels to worship and pray,He made man from a dab of clay

Evilman,I like perversion, abuse of women, along with many other evils.

C  is for ChildrenBlack, white, red, yellow, and brown,Better than the jewels in a crownLaughing or crying, short or tall,Allah loves children, one and allSo hateful ehye?

I thank the Easter Bunny for israel and the tooth fairy too.  I see where they get 2$ for a tooth as compared to my .50 cents

Jews thinks a little meshuga is good  (yiddish) = mixed up or crazy in a funny way when yu kill people. Almost all Jewish expressions are malice and very hateful. Most Jews  love to hate, G-d has a sense of humor and hate jews too. He created. All creation and the universe screams of G-d's handiwork, ecept for the jews

2nd president of USA. US is lucky to have Netenyahu

isreal YIDDIE GYPSIES ON THE Animals Extinction List Since 1948, Someone Nuke These Fools.