I must be misunderstanding this . It seems that kenyata is voted in as president while he is under endictment for crimes against humanity . If those people actually did that then obviously that are getting what they deserve .

1) the majority of the dead are kikuyu, as is Kenyatta. 2) Odinga, a luo, ordered his tribe to kill kikuyu when he lost the last election. 3) the murder spree continued till a deal was brokered making Odinga prime minister and declaring the deaths all the fault of the kikuyu most likely to run in the next election, Kenyatta. 4) Check BBC Obama Odinga connection for "the rest of the story"

Wow! Uhuru Kenyatta sounds exactly like Eric Holder discussing Fast And Furious. Did they both dial 1-800-ASK-GARY...

Kennyatta is already breaking out the champagne and hi-fiving his homies, forget any chance of putting him away.

Simple premise...it was political maneuvering to eliminate Odinga's potential rivals in the next election. Kenyan's have voted in a president and his deputy, both under ICC charges of crimes against humanity. Apparently they understand this premise. I support what Uhuru did in 2007. People were being massacred and something had to be done to end the violence. How do you stop a rogue mob that's killing kikuyus in a lawless atmosphere? You terminate the perpetrators!

Why dont u ask why the americans voted bush sr, and again voted bush jr ?? Is it new in kenya? Its odinga and obama forcing themselves on the world...

These lawyers should target a real war criminal gw bush !

Is the obama, hague camp, still campaining for odinga?? Do they think kenyans are fools to vote kenyatta??...trying to forcefully put a candidate of their choice as akenyan presdo?? Or did the concluded peaceful election in kenya Annoy Obama and hague??? Hell !!

ICC played politics and that is why Kenyan people are playing politics,with the hand of Barack Obama favouring some candidate,Obama ,former general secretary of UN Koffi Annan and ICC shud not at all play politic

Jomo Kenyatta's Mau Maus used to strangle kittens as their calling card in their struggle to escape the civilizing influence of Britain.  They succeeded.War criminals are in america enjoying ! Bush's iraq war which all americans say it was a mistake,,how many died both american soldiers and innocent iraqis?? Tony blair the liar !! Leave kenyan kenyatta alone!! Go to somalia and pik war criminals..

kenyatta is soo innocent that kenyans gave him sympathy votes..icc kindly arrest tony blair

And soon Kenya will be in tatters Rwanda-style.

Why is the hague insisting on kinyatta,, when his kenyan people prefers him to the many innocent ones the hague is hobbnobbing with ??? Kenyan voices and votes should be respected..if they voted a criminal and left an engel,,hague leave them....!!

Odinga thought by framing Kenyatta for the post-election violencehe would have a clear way to the Kenyan presidency. Thamk God kenyans saw thru all those lies and voted in the right guy!

So people being killed is politics is all about humanity

i steal from you then I tell you let's bring peace and move on.  REALLY?  Rigging has got to stop there must be away they can stop this.  Why waste everyone's time to go for elections if they want to elect themselves.  Kenyans you need to think hard like the developed countries or you will never move from A TO F.  All developed countries worked hard to change their countries and rules must be followed, just make your system work. Being selfish does not help ask yourself where is Gaddafi?  Listen to the voice of the people do not impose yourself.

Yea the people did it to themselves and actually if no one is prosecuted for the crimes against the election violence that is what the people of Kenya wanted. The ICC should let them alone, the people had a chance to reject the those accused but voted for him anyway. It is now for the people of Kenya to suffer the wrath of their decision, let God judge. But the blood of the innocent will continue to cry out until justice is done. No amount of calling the ICC racist or the like will erase the blood that will be required for the crimes against the innocent, let God now judge.

UNCIVILIZED SHlTSKINS!

Just so that you know, Uhuru Kenyatta is the richest Kenyan and the richest African to be declared winner of a presidential election...