Oh, honey, there are LOTS of experts on THIS subject.

I guess one could say Washington is going up in smoke.

The state of Washington already said the price of weed will be about $425 an ounce bought legally.  I was buying it for $200 an ounce on the black market. Hmm I wonder what people will do?  If you want a certain kind no pun intended you might pony up....or if your dealer is dry you might pony up but when your dealer has the goods at half the retail price it makes the decision a no brainer even for a pot head.

It is time for the government to come out of the dark ages and deal a blow to the illegal drug industry by legalizing marijuana.

If it was legal where I live, my liver would be in much better shape.

The Big question remains.....Can the Pot Zar roll a decent fatty?

I'll smoke to that as soon as I clean my guns!

In a few years when Washington is posting ridiculous profits a lot of states will be looking for a pot czar.

Like tobacco, if it weren't for the taxes it would be basically free.

The medical users should wise up and grow their own personal smoke. It cost on average between 10-15 dollars an ounce to grow under lights. The state dispensary will be selling your average pot at almost street prices, 150-200 per ounce. Growing your own puts you in full control of what your growing(special medical strains, I grow Blue Dream), and how well they are taken care of. Experienced grower"heavily taxed" - Exactly why we didn't vote for it Oregon, you Washington folks are just plain dumb.

my dad had it right over 40 yrs ago. legalize it &amp; tax it &amp;  take all $$$ out of the criminals hands. just like prohibition failed so is &amp; will the bogus war on drugs

Ahhhh pot and the internet..  fun mix

Oddly enough after the Prohibition Act was abolished, moonshine is still not very common. I don't think lifting the ban on pot will be the same, though. People will still sell it under the table and Uncle Sam gets nada.

Marijuana laws have created more victims than the drug ever did. Legalize and tax ! Send the dope dealer back home.

if a state don,t want to legilize then at lest decriminalize and fine people with out putting them in jail over a little pot

"a UCLA public policy professor with a doctorate from Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government."So he learned from books, but not experience. Every time I hear about someone from a "think tank" I want to throw up.

I'm sure no one will be buying the less expensive non-taxed black market weed on the corner will they?

I forgot what I was reading about half way through this piece and went for the Doritos.

I want a job in the quality control department.END PROHIBITION NOW!!!

alcohol does a heck of lot more damage than pot.

After they get through taxing it,etc, the black market weed will be cheaper, next thing they will do is tax people for growing their own food.

If they needed an EXPERT on ALL Things Marijauna-they should have asked Me, or anyone of the other 10 million Baby Boomers.

This is getting way too technical - man.

He can eat 10 boxes of Twinkies all by himself.

Just reading this article made me order a large pepperoni pizza and dig out my Pink Floyd albums.

Aspirin is the new gateway drug.By Dr. MercolaDeath by medicine is a 21st-century epidemic, and America's "war on drugs" is clearly directed at the wrong enemy!Prescription drugs are now killing far more people than illegal drugs, and while most major causes of preventable deaths are declining, those from prescription drug use are increasing, an analysis of recently released data from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) by the Los Angeles Times revealed.The Times analysis of 2009 death statistics, the most recent available, showed:•For the first time ever in the US, more people were killed by drugs than motor vehicle accidents•37,485 people died from drugs, a rate fueled by overdoses on prescription pain and anxiety medications, versus 36,284 from traffic accidents•Drug fatalities more than doubled among teens and young adults between 2000 and 2008, and more than tripled among people aged 50 to 69Again, these drug-induced fatalities are not being driven by illegal street drugs; the analysis found that the most commonly abused prescription drugs like OxyContin, Vicodin, Xanax and Soma now cause more deaths than heroin and cocaine combined.

Can the Feds still arrest the citizens of Washington State for thegrowing or possession of this wonderful plant?If so how can the Feds continue to grow marijuana at theUniv. Of Mississippi? Also send 4 Americans 300 jointsa month as medicine? People like Irv Rosenfeld.Irv is one of 4 Americans (Use to be 14 Americans) whocan legally smoke marijauna. Look Irv up, several video'sof Irv speaking around the country for the benefits of thismedicine.

I'm black, so I can say this. You know America has a black president when the finances are all messed up, but weed is finally legal.What ever happened to supply and demand?

This is just semantics, but the language of "pot" and "marijuana", which are slang terms for the #$%$ plant, should be dropped immediately!Those terms carry a lot of baggage that is unwarranted. The #$%$ plant has a large number of useful applications in medicine and industry. Prohibition of a PLANT is one of the craziest laws that must be on the books!Even considering that the plant causes inebriation in humans, WE ALREADY have all the laws we need to handle that! Just legalize the PLANT, and move on!

The government will price"legal" bud so high that the "black market" will still thrive...

"Made him an offer he couldn't refuse."

They must have overlooked my resume on Monster...

I am sorry, we now have a POT CONSULTANT ???

Where are Cheech and Chong when you really need them ?

Too bad this can’t be simply regulated like bringing tomatoes to market…the real savings is due to ending incarceration

what a great job probably take some work home with you get a lot of overtime and work satalso !!!!!!!!!

When the government runs anything the cost will go sky high just trying to enforce the laws that deal with selling legal pot. Washington State will spend more enforcing the laws than what they will bring in in pot saleslegalize the #$%$ already and tax it and get rid of the criminal presense!

The Feds will find a way to nip it in the "bud".  But I hope not.

Are those standing around him really serious or about to laugh...I can't tell!!! Was his first words...."far out"

No no no. The government just needs to stay out of it. Leave people alone. It isnt your job to take over.

Please don't get me wrong - I think that pot should be legal.  But isnt it funny how sodas and cigerettes are being so demonized but yet pot isn't!  Frigin Halarious!  Our government sucks so much!  WHATEVER ACCOMODATES THEIR MOTIVE IS LEGAL....................

Ya he looks credible,  LOL.

One rule and one rule only ! Don't bogart that joint, my friend...... pass it over here.

Puff the Magic Dragon lived by the sea in a land called Malarky (my little spin)  Who'd of thought. Anyway, will users be  penalized in health insurance like cigarette smokers will be?

All Causes of deaths in 2009....TOTAL# 2,437,163Just take a look at the complete list.Compare Alcohol-Induced to Marijuana. Also look atPharmaceutical Drug Overdose to Marijuana related deaths.Diseases of Heart 599,413Malignant Neoplasms 567,628Chronic Lower Respiratory Diseases 137,353Cerebrovascular Diseases 128,842Lack of Health Insurance3 (2005) 44,789Poisoning 41,592Drug Overdose (2010)2 38,329Intentional Self-Harm (Suicide) 36,909Septicemia 35,639Motor Vehicle Accidents 34,485Firearm Injuries 31,347Alcohol-Induced 24,518Pharmaceutical Drug Overdose (2010) 22,134Illicit Drugs (2000) 17,0004Homicide 16,799Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) 9,406Viral hepatitis 7,694Marijuana 0

Don't be trying to sell us no bunk....Unlike tobacco, which only grows in certain climates, and alcohol, which can be made at home ,but requires work,which Americans hate, any pothead can grow pot in a closet. The whole premise of huge governmental income from weed will never happen.

Cops have destoyed million times more families then drugs have. i have a friend doing 3 years, probably be out in two if he's lucky, it was his second offence, but to me the first one don't count cause it was over 15 years ago, before he had a family, he only done it recreational evey now and then and never around his kids, his kids love him to death and he is good father and provides his kids with more stuff the i could ever afford, he had a real good job and his wife does two, now that he's in prison, she's fixing to loose their house and the kids are doing with out and she is going to file for bankruptcy, all over 4 ounces of pot. Most of the  families destoyed are from cops not drugs, their are alot of good people that are in jail that are good fathers and never done drugs around their kids and now the kids don't have a father and their mother doesn't make enough to pay the bills, all because this stupid war on drugs.

If you do nothing but analyze pot along with all the ramifications during the day.  What do yo do when you go home at the end of the day?  Also do they give you a drug test when they hire you and and if you fail the test you get the job?

Beau Kilmer, co-director of RAND's Drug Policy Research Center, said RAND is already under contract with the White House's Office of National Drug Control Policy to develop a new approach for estimating the number of marijuana users across the country and how much pot they consume.read the last part of that again...to develop a new approach for estimating the number of marijuana users across the country and how much pot they consume.Federal regulation and taxation is coming...Washington and Colorado just beat the feds to the punch, and will be watched to determine how to move forward with this.

no no he don't smoke it ????????? LMAO

He is an expert in the "field" and politically correct with "choom"...........

Please tell me that they aren't #$%$ away our tax dollars on this.

The law needs the provision much like alcohol (we are permitted to make an amount for our own use)  that the citizen has the right to grow for his personal use.We are talking about a weed that was grown in the USA by lots of our ancesters, Washington and Jefferson for a couple. Weed was outlawed in 1937. If you look at the timing you will see the timing runs along with the rise of oil companies taking control of the government. You can make fuel from marijuana and it is a renewable source.FROM "Drug WarRant" by Pete GuitherFor most of human history, marijuana has been completely legal. It’s not a recently discovered plant, nor is it a long-standing law. Marijuana has been illegal for less than 1% of the time that it’s been in use. Its known uses go back further than 7,000 B.C. and it was legal as recently as when Ronald Reagan was a boy.The marijuana (hemp) plant, of course, has an incredible number of uses. The earliest known woven fabric was apparently of hemp, and over the centuries the plant was used for food, incense, cloth, rope, and much more. This adds to some of the confusion over its introduction in the United States, as the plant was well known from the early 1600′s, but did not reach public awareness as a recreational drug until the early 1900′s.America’s first marijuana law was enacted at Jamestown Colony, Virginia in 1619. It was a law “ordering” all farmers to grow Indian hempseed. There were several other “must grow” laws over the next 200 years (you could be jailed for not growing hemp during times of shortage in Virginia between 1763 and 1767), and during most of that time, hemp was legal tender (you could even pay your taxes with hemp — try that today!) Hemp was such a critical crop for a number of purposes (including essential war requirements – rope, etc.) that the government went out of its way to encourage growth.The United States Census of 1850 counted 8,327 hemp “plantations” (minimum 2,000-acre farm) growing #$%$ hemp for cloth, canvas and even the cordage used for baling cotton.Many people assume that marijuana was made illegal through some kind of process involving scientific, medical, and government hearings; that it was to protect the citizens from what was determined to be a dangerous drug.The actual story shows a much different picture. Those who voted on the legal fate of this plant never had the facts, but were dependent on information supplied by those who had a specific agenda to deceive lawmakers. You’ll see below that the very first federal vote to prohibit marijuana was based entirely on a documented lie on the floor of the Senate.You’ll also see that the history of marijuana’s criminalization is filled with:•Racism•Fear•Protection of Corporate Profits•Yellow Journalism•Ignorant, Incompetent, and/or Corrupt Legislators•Personal Career Advancement and GreedThese are the actual reasons marijuana is illegal

Can I hear misplaced greed chomping in the background, or is there some common sense to this proposal?

30 board members @ $100,000 a year each = $3,000,000 in pot taxes just to pay these guys. Not counting all the new state burocracy. (Plus all of their secretaries, cars, expenses, office space, test product, etc.) Anyway, how does the cop know that the stuff you are smoking is from the receipt you have from the legal pot store you paid $300 for or from your own private stash in the woods you sell on the side for $30? Exactly.How soon before China starts importing herbs?

F-R-I-C-K-E-N far out dude...! The pharmaceutical pimps will soon be on the ropes... and good riddance...

Juan Esquibar and assoc--at your service.

If they want someone to send a Photograph of their latest Joint, who is to write that they will not roll One Quarter Ounce Bombers?(It can be done.) LMAO

Don't put any filler in the finished product.

Does he stay high all the time?

Surely they will need a testing community.

Brazen greed on the part of the state.What business does the state have "figuring out how to create a huge pot industry from scratch"?It's a plant, like a maple tree or a tomato plant.  Leave it be, and keep your greedy fingers off of it.If you want to tax it, tax it with sales tax, just like any other product, and tax the profit of anyone who grows it, just like you tax the profit that any farmer is fortunate enough to make.

people who smoke pot are dumb and harmless! legalize it!

Oh, for Pete's sake. Grow your own. It's just a freaking weed after all. The Feds are going to drag out their lunacy on this issue forever. And they can't arrest everybody.The calif dispensaries are raided by Holder every time Obama runs out of POT.

If they get the price low enough, perhaps I could throw in the round trip ticket to go get it.

Do you think this panel of WEED EXPERTS will actually get anything done?

Just legalize, everyone wins. Pot smokers are willing to pay a premium tax. Just make it like alcohol, dont drive while on the substance. BOOM!

LEGALIZE POT.   TAX IT.   STOP WASTING MONEY WITH THE "WAR ON DRUGS" when it concerns marijuana.    This is a no brainer.

All the pot heads are telling you how good this is. Well it's not. It would be nice if the government wasn't envolved. Look at what thay did to booze and cigarettes. Thay make more money on those than anybody ealse in the trade does. Thay will jack the price up and make a ton of money the hole time telling you how bad it is for you.

Heavy Tax Hmmm? Why buy , when you can grow it yourself.

What a joke.

they f73k it up somhow!

The government should legalize pot, and step up its enforcement of hard drugs and one way to do that is to enforce our laws and secure our borders!!!I already saw their definition with the little 7 year old girl taking a hit off the bong. I think a lot of people saw that.

Hopefully just the beginning and the rest of the country will follow suit.

He definately looks like he has been smoking pot bought from the black market for a long time now.

They shoulda picked Tommy Chong.

George Washington preferred Freedom. I am glad to see so does the state named after him. Marijuana is a gift from God. It's been near a year from smoking his herb for me thanks to the commies. My state voted for medical but Marx was against Democracy.

The headline is really funny ! Sorry but my first thought is that this prestigious state that snubbed NASCAR has really gone to pot.

When will the people say enough.

Good, they're serious about it.

More political garbage and wasting taxpayer monies.  What a rip-off.

The worst part of this is that these people are actually serious about the "pot consultant"I forgot what I was going to write... Back to the bong and a bowl of Lucky Charms!

I am available for consultation anytime. I have done extensive study and comparisons on this subject for years.

Assault weapons, Pot, Homos getting married,......My Libertarians dream has finally come true. Now if we could only cut the federal gov by about 35%

a #$%$ is a #$%$ ... no matter how you look at it ...

Drugs don't destroyed families, the war on drugs destroyeds families.

how ironic - all the anti smokers pushing for making drugs available to our youth.And, i'm not so sure, I want our "authorities" to be high on anything when they're trying to wield their power. - includes the police, AGs, congressional people, soldiers, etc.

anyone over 21 can buy a bottle of rotgut. And it's way more addicting and harmful than pot is. It's time to legalize. Monsanto pumps us all full of legal chemicals and is making billions, so if they can legally do that, then I should be able to smoke a frickin joint.

December 12 marijuana goes on sale retail in Washington state,  its good for everybody

I wish weed was legal here, they still put peole in prison for life for a seed in the carpet here, even though 80% of the people do it here. Were still stuck back in the 50s were government propaganda told everyone that one hit would kill you instantly. But you can have ten DWIs here and get nothing but probation.

If Washington State can regulate, tax, and profit from the legalization and show that crime does not increase, I'm nearly certain it will pave the way for other states to follow. I don't imbibe myself, I'm highly allergic, but I'm not so blind as to not see the HUGE potential influx of $$$. Washington already has the State Liquor Control Board.... ie; State run liquor stores. You can only buy the hard stuff from the state. In other states, you can get whatever at Wal-mart. It will be interesting to see how this all plays out. With two states openly defying the Federal government, I just hope it doesn't lead to another civil rebellion. Of course, most of the pot smokers I know would rather eat, sleep, and have sex than fight. lolJust great, another pothead.

Another fine example of the bumblers bumbling and spending millions needlessly. This way political favors are paid off with contracts and jobs. That is really what all the "concern" is about.

Now that pot is legal, does that mean that Dept of Agriculture will pay farmers not to grow it?

I live in Washington.  How can you take something that is against State and Federal Law and  vote it legal?

The State of Washington will be the criminal here.Paying someone to show you how generally means more spent with less results.You want to find what works best just ask the drug lords you have in jail to show you the best way.For a deal I'm sure you could get cooperation.

Yeah, let the bureaucrats run this. After all, they know so much about #$%$.Don't consult with anyone who has actually used the medine, knows how to package and sell it, knows what good and bad is.Additionally, it was sold in pharmacies until 1970.Ignorant, ignorant people who believe in 'all they hear.'

The first marijuana man to work for government.  Of course he has impeccable credentials.  Of course he gets overpaid. Of course he does nothing. And of course he is breaking the law.  The federal law.  Thank god this country no longer has law.  If they did.  People would have to work to get paid.  This way everyone in government gets a pass while they tell us how to live.  They are worth so much money, that we have paid them everything we have.  And when they want to kill the poor, they take our sons and daughters.  The ones they haven't sold or imprisoned first.  Remember, you must have pure body fluids to work for government.  Pee in that bottle for the man. Don't make me use this nightstick.  Now, go call yourself free and shut up!  You'll need to pay more or your promise keepers won't be able to keep their promise to you.  Their promise to give your money back.  After they use it to kill.

With all the smoke coming out of their a s s e s in DC, I can see why they need a pot czar. Maybe he'll do a sniff test.

I live in N.J government worker not a cop no C.D.L license and I have epilepsy and they tell me I can't use it.Does anyone have any info on this.

my pot head neighbor, who can't hold down a job now has a new title for himself. He can just tell everyone he's a "pot consultant".Washington Went to Pot years ago.... they  just as well smoke while they are there

Just watch- those wealthy communities in Bellevue and the like will not let any marijuana stores set up shop in their neighborhood. Everyone is for legalization, until they see drug dealers on their own streets.

Next there will be an LSD consultant.

Proven fact Legalize everything and the crime rate goes down, no gangs, nobody breaking in your house to steal your stuff for drugs, no armed store robberies, 80% of all deaths and robberies are over drugs. Just cause if drugs were legal does not mean everbody will be on drugs, that's the stupidest excuse i've ever heard for being illegal, when 85% of people have tried it or grown out of it, everybody i knew back in the 70s and 80s done some form of drugs and when they grew up most of them quitt, you will always have the few that don't stop, but making it illegal does not stop them from getting it, all it does is create a market run by gangs and criminals, only people that will be giving me thumbs down on this post works in law inforcement and their job dependens on it staying illegal, the war on drugs have become a big part of the economy with hundrerds of thousands employed and hundrerds of knew private run prisons that donate millions to politician to house drug offenders, even if they Legalize it and tax it , they still make more money by keeping it illegal, they don't care that it will bring down the crime rate, their in it for the money not public safety.

Chances are 'cause I wear a silly grinThe moment you come into view,Chances are you think that I'm in love with you.  WOO HOO !Finally I want to say .....TAX ME  !

When the waves of people who want to take over the USA,show up on our shores,  some of will resist.. many will get stoned,, and laugh their way to the hanging trees..........

"These are, by far, the top consultants available," said Randy Simmons, who oversees the implementation of the legal weed law for the board. "We're serious about doing this the right way."One would think that if they were concerned about "doing it right" they would have consulted "experts" before passing the law and had an actual plan in place. But we are talking about politicians and liberal ones to boot, so I guess we really can't expect much.

And he said," Yeah, man, I know a lot about weed. I know a lot about a lot of stuff. I just have trouble remembering it all. This is the Gardening Club meeting isn't it?"

I just hope this new Board can meet &amp; make some sense out of all these conflicting laws &amp; regulations...when the smoke clears.

but did they inhale?If the federal government can go after Tommy Chong for selling bongs, I fully expect them to use the full force of the law in Washington State and Colorado enforcing federal drug laws.

Stonners! :-)

Yeah, but can they weigh out an eighth in their palm?

Sorry... but isn't there a Federal law against this??  Aren't border agents RISKING their lives to stop POT??   Holder WHERE ARE YOU.... OOPS   forgot you don't follow the LAW of the LAND... you are above that...

It has finally happened . . . we have a 'Weed Czar' . . .

Oh wow man, I didn't even know the position was open! What, we can burn weed here now. Kool, I'm gonna need mo soon, my guy got busted in Oregon. Can I apply for that  weed Czar gig? or is it already taken? Did I tell you my guy got popped in California?

the heading in the right direction. just hope a few more states jump on the band wagon. so to speak.

Make it legal nation wide and apply the same rules we use for alcohol. This not rocket science. All this hand wringing and stalling comes down to who is getting the money from tax revenue and who gets to control it. And of course all the people who have been brainwashed into thinking pot is as bad as heroin and have never even tried it.

A pot consultant? This really shows the mentality of the state of Washington's government. All of the tax revenue they stand to make off the sales of marijuana they will squander on hiring government employees to administer their pot industry

won't work any better than gun control because folks will get their own, cheaper, on the black - uhh, 'green' market, and the state will lose money on the deal -- taxpayer dollars I might add. . .I think Cheech and Chong would have been better choices.

Now that is a career path I want kids to follow.  The employment pool already number 65,000,000

Can an employer legally remove an employee who uses it?

Balance the budget first puhlease

Sheesh,   Why didn't this "numbnutts" president do this in his first administration?DUH???????????????????????

It's time to get your head out of the past and look to the future. I agree, legalize it and tax the bajeebee's out of it. Why lose all that revenue when if you stick your head in the sand you will just lose it all and people will still smoke it anyway.

The emphasis should be to grow your own and cut everybody out! No Money for weed!

Why wasnt this job  posted on Indeed?

Legislaters should have little problems letting this smoke out.

Let's see them roll a spliff.Let's see them make a bowl out of an apple.

They need Joseph Stalin on the committee....now there's a guy who has a lot of experience in gov't planning of the economy.  Success, however, is a different story - one that no gov't wonk has ever achieved.

Silly liberals.

When GOD put a curse on Cain ...GOD extended "The Mark of Cain" to his entire race thru their entire life on earth ...and now we know who Obama really is...

My opinion, butt out. Let the people figure it out for themselves. Who needs consultants? Hired to see how much the government can steal. We don't need control, we need freedom. The government needs to get out of our business and that especially goes for anti-women laws being passed in hick places.

Half the illegals crossing the border are transporting drugs not to come here to get a job Legalize and this would stop.80% of ammed robberies are done to get money to buy drugs,Legalize and this would stop.80% of home burglaries are done to get drug money,Legalize and this would stop.70% of all murders done in the US is drug related,Legalize and this would stop.100% of all gangs are funded by drug money,Legalize and this would stop.75% of all non violent prisoners are in jail over drugs, costing the tax payers hundrerds of billions, ,Legalize it and we could put that money to good use, like education.Their is no down side to Legalizing drugs, drug use would even go down if it was legal, during prohibition their were more alcoholics before then after words,  education is the best tool, not making it illegal, half as many people smoke cigarettes and drink alcohol then use two, when i was growing up in the 70s and 80s almost everyone drank and smoked, most of them grew out of it and education showing the effects helped. Only down side to Legalizing it, they would have to lay off a bunch of stupid cops and probation officer and thats why they will never make it legal.

Parents Beware !! Your young teens are at increased risk, peer pressure is tough already. Oh well, your citizens voted for it. Hope it works out for all of you .

I, on occasion, enjoy some rec mj.  For those who believe it should be completely legal, look out.  If the govt gets its' hand on the industry you will end up on some type of list in which employers could search.  Most importantly, the price will go up.

$425 an oz...don't think so...not when you can get kick @zz for $200...is there a oblamocare secret tax on this?????

My sympathy goes out to employers,it's going to be a circus.What ever happen to 'free enterprise'?

Its only time before it becomes legalized in every state

I can barely believe they are not all smiling.

It's not ok to smoke a cigarette but smoking a bowl is fine?

Legalize the herb and put the big pharmacies out of business.

Mexican drug cartels make most of their money from pot sold in the United States.  The cartels have become so powerful and vicious that news reporters and police are afraid to mention them.  We had the same problem during prohibition, except the illicit money changing was largely kept in the USA.  Now it's crossing the border.  Decriminalization will be a huge economic benefit to the USA, an economic blow to drug cartels, and will save even more money when we scale down the war on drugs. There will be less of an incentive to become a criminal too.  Win-win-win-win.  Just do it.

Check out the government clamoring for control of a market that will just disappear right back under the radar the minute the public gets sick of paying "the man" every time they get a sack.  Back to cheap black market I go.  This is all a parade so stores can sell it to dumb people with no connection or growing skills.

you want to market pot hire a dope smuggler

i just found my dream job

They are all high in the current administration if they think I'm going to give up my guns.This is what things are coming to...pot consultants ...crack consultants next

I can tell you hear in the south where most of are republicans we love our weed. Even though we have the strictest drug laws, you can look in any local paper and 85% of all arrest are drugs.

Umm...I forgot what I was going to say.

Tonight I will be walking my dog and spraying bleach on the local pothead plants. They still can't figure out why they keep dying. Stoned idiots.

Insanity knows no limits.

So the Obama Admin and AG is not going to sue this State!!!???  Will there be a study on how smoking pot will affect your health and cause health ins to rise..Will there be a warning on the pack  that it is habit  forming..like cig.  GIVE ME A BREAK!!!!!!

What about the credentials of ovomit?

I will work for two ounces a day.But only the good shet.

The drug war is all about money and control: the war allows the US to stick its nose into the affairs of client states, and prohibition allows the proceeds to be laundered by the big banks.

Just let the market sort it out, and save the tax payers money.tobacco out pot in.  All we need is another drug in the mix as if alcohol doesnt cause enough problems.

seems like this will create a new set of problems for drug free workplaces. Will pilots be allowed to smoke 8 hours before a flight? i feel safer already. I can see the courts now, like they have ample free time

thank GOD! a step in the right direction. legalize weed now!...and im glad they plan to do it right.

I live near Seattle, and lets just say when I had an interview for my job a few months ago, the very first question I was asked was "Do you smoke pot?"  I replied no, and was told they ask first now so as not to waste time interviewing if people do.  Company policies still prohibit the use of pot, so I don't get how there will be a giant rush to buy and smoke - are people really going to forgo a job for pot?  In Seattle, maybe......

I love it. I’m a resident of Washington State and I know that the majority of people living here "are anyone most real people would not like to be associated with". We even have a Festival celebrating the use of this drug. Let me count the ways that "I love Washington State"...one drag, 2 drags. What was the question again?

Geez. How do you get the weed czar post? I never thought I would say that about our government...

Just another Obamanation in Government and its employees

Picked from a list of 10 million applicants with credentials.

Man got passed over for the Job again,I volunteer to be a tester and will do it for free.

Liberals?  Well, this liberal thinks he's probably just gonna keep getting his weed the old fashioned way...like I need some gummint expert to tell me about something I've got 40+ years of experience with!Where do I turn in my resume?

I am sure there are millions who will happily pay twice as much for a product half the quality.

What can you say when law makers will sell out to illegal drugs for revenue instead of cutting back on government spending. Rather than promoting legal business and jobs. History will not be kind to these polititions!

The last thing society needs is another legal intoxicant. Aren't we having enough trouble with the one we've already legalized?Ya know, there are people in this country that don't do something because it's illegal. Open that door, and we will have all kinds of new societal ills that will, no doubt, cost more money than the "War on Drugs" costs. Crime will NOT go down. Traffic accidents will NOT go down. Law suites will increase. Insurance rates will go even higher . . .This is a bad idea.

I wonder what liberals think of this ??

Typical liberals.....if they had a brain, they'd be embarassed of themselves.

The only reason #$%$ is illegal is because of the lies - yes, LIES - that were used in order to control the supply of an important and highly beneficial plant given to us by nature. We have been enslaved as a nation and as a people to the big-money interests.Please don't take my word for it, please enlighten yourself and study why it became "illegal" in the first place.

Pot should be put in the same category as coffee. Unlike opiates cocaine and meth which makes a person and animal, all you wanted to do after smoking a joint is watch a movie eat a bag of potato chips, maybe a little ice cream,oooooo a bowl of cereal and a Snickers bar.

I just want to know how many smoke dope now?

Well, at least we'll all know what he's been smoking.This just in, states rights DO NOT COUNT, you think they might,  but it is a ploy for the feds to find out who you are and how much you grow,  then they are going to take you all , who coporate with them to a jail waiting for you in Montana, you will be slaves to work for the govenment for non-violent offenders.  you are all doomed,  grow your own or is that illegal now ?

stall tactics you are trying to utilize, you're whole scheme is way out of proportion with what "we the people" voted for.  You're concept is total deception by the government to remove all the quality of the herb and allows government entity monopolies, which is far from what the people have voted for.  Another thing that is absurd about #$%$ is that the U.S. government has claimed a patent on #$%$,  HA, maybe the almighty maker himself will tend to that matter.  You're government consists of a bunch of scoundralous and corrupted money mongers, cheaters, murders, government #$%$, etc, etc. and the list goes on and on and on.

100 years ago you could walk into a drug store and buy morphine or cocaine.  Coca Cola had cocaine in it.  Marijuana was dirt cheap because you didn't really even need to buy it, you could just 'smoke a rope' (made from hemp).The only difference between then and now is the standard of morality.

It is estimated that close to 5 million Americans regularly use marijuana. In the last 2 decades, surveys reveal that use of marijuana among the younger population of school and college students has widely increased. Recent data indicates the average age when marijuana is used is 18 years.The majority of individuals who use marijuana are also frequent users of alcohol and other illicit drugs.Marijuana addiction use has been associated with numerous physical and behavioral adverse effects. The majority of users report some type of side effect. There have been numerous reports of motor vehicle accident and work related accidents which have been associated with marijuana use usually related to mental clouding and sluggishness.The safety of marijuana during pregnancy is not in question. Continued use during pregnancy has been known to cause a small size fetus with low birth weight. Also reported is that the children of mothers who have used marijuana during pregnancy have a higher rate of a type of blood cancer

OK.  Excellent.  Now, let's start working on legalized rape, armed robbery, home invasion, .....Then we'll have a lot fewer people in prison.Yipeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

Why do you think they call it "dope" ?

Marijuana has more harmful chemicals in it than cigarettes.  It's mind altering and physiologically addicting. Distorted sense of time, paranoia, short-term memory loss, anxiety and depression.  It increases the heart rate and blood pressure.  Politicians don't care about your health, they only see dollar signs and power.  Dope. Aptly named.

Why should welfare families feed the kids when they can buy pot?  (After all they get fed at school anyway thanks to taxpayers.)

Country is going to hell in a handbag.. AN/d /////// /Obama is leading the way. a z z z  clown.

so where is the savior of the left obama, on this issue?  silent of course as he always is on things that matter.  take weed off schedule mr pres.  how tough is that?  i guess your boy holder wants more power so you will make sure he has it.all i know is i can get good weed at pike place market almost any time and now I cannot get busted for having it or smoking it.Dopers make great parents!  (Yeah, right !)

Not surprising. After all this is the liberal WA, another blue state. What could you expect different?PS = to the dummy-c-rats and weed supporters = now you can give thumbs down and write your usual negative comments. I don't care about your insanity.

All they have to do is go out in the woods by Belfair Wa. Find a Mexican and put him on the pay roll!! They will have more pot than they can smoke!!

Now all the''POT-HEADS'' are coming out of the closet.

I think Obama wil make an excelent crack zar given his previous experience and expertise in this line.

Numbers from The New York Times [hit-mexicos-cartels-with-legalization]:60,000 killings under President Felipe Calderón that are described as drug-related.Mexico-U.S. marijuana trade is worth [...] from $2 billion to $20 billion annually.

Dopers are the trash of society.

It's nice to know your kids teachers, school bus drivers and crossing guards are all tokingup.. doctors, nurses, pharmacists, electricians, EMT's all getting stoned at lunch... Nice

i cant wait til seattle has its first pot cook off. for 10 bucks you try all the venders best grown weeds. has anybody thought about promoting something like that. bring a couple good bands like guns and roses or iron maiden.

all that weed the feds' got from the boarders of mexico and canada ..... they should have sold it to the states and the states to the stores.........we all would win.........I  want to be a ''state-licensed grower''.

Just wait til Monsanto get their hands on it then we'll have GMO marijuana that the government would find a way to make legal in all 50 states. It's only once they begin to poison it that's when its okay for Americans.

id just like to take this opritunity to say that ca sux for letting these guys beet us to were we shuld have been 5 years ago gg ca i think im moveing.

Best results by changing the lamp bulb every two years .

I can't remember the last time I smoked a "joint."  Putting today's extra-strenght weed into a joint is a big waste. At home with a pinch in a  bong is how I smoke at my "certain" age.  How are they going to measure that next to a ruler?

Washington's marijuana consultant?  Mary Jane is only legal when government sees that they can tax it.

"as i have said before thugs that did write these laws we live under and i will say this in a different way u thugs that did write the laws we live under that did make weed a felony the following should happen:u should by law serve time in prison because u sent those with weed on them to prison and that also means u thugs also known as cops that enforced the law!"Kevin Michael FergusonUS ARMY Veteran

"We're serious about doing this the right way." this quote is  a con, from another con.

If your going to legalize it for taxes just don't go too overboard. Otherwise you won't cut the black market out and you will still be spending massive funds fighting the drug wars

"thugs that wrote these laws from 1958 over 40 years ago that made weed a felony me and my generation want the following:u to go to prison or hell where u belong"!Kevin Michael FergusonUS ARMY VeteranThere is one thing good about dope ... those high school girls will do all sorts of things for a joint!

I hope there will be enough dope growing jobs available for the dopers that get fired for going to work stoned.

I don't know why people are against pot, while drinking alcohol and coffee, smoking cigarets, and taking pharmaceuticals. The war on drugs will never work, because the demand will always be there.

It will probably work great untill the Government Basterdizes with Chemicals like they do tobbaco.

They're ALL crackpots up in DC!

No stems no seeds that you don't need alcapulco gold is bad #$%$ weed                                p.s                                                                      don't bogart that joint my friend

Ah yes the good ole liberals.  Let's legalize drugs, but those oversized soft drinks should be banned!!

Well I will be darned.  Who woulda thunk it.

There are some on here that think that street dealers or home growers will be selling for less.  In the beginning, that may be true but it won't stay that way.  Those street dealers will have to declare the money that they get for tax purposes.  If they do, their profit margin will be smaller so they may raise their prices to make up for it.  If they don't then they will be operating illegally and will have to deal, again, with law enforcement.  On the other hand, the legal distributors will have to lower their prices to meet actual market prices when supply is larger than demand.  Right now I'm paying more than street prices but I get safety, convenience, choice and quality.  Simple economics from a patient perspective.

I think this is the way they hold us hostage over gasoline , see how many are using gas in a county and then raise prices by that.. EG. Los Angeles county 20 million people must mean 40 million cars estimate $5.00 a gallon for gas today next week $6.00  a gallon so forthHow pot can be regulated and controlled etc. Why are these people paid big money to figure this out there is a system and it has been going on for a long long time go ahead and tax it this is not tobacco .  Your big profits will not materialize cause any one can grow it . I live in Cal. and just got a license to grow been waiting since 1968 to undercut dealers and middle men. The dispensaries charge to much for too little the market is swamped.

with government involvement it wont take long for them to screw things so badly the whole deal will be forced underground again.

All these tax dollars over grass lol. When it is legal the corporations will make it illegal for you to grow you will need a licence. So in turn the price will go up it would be cheaper being illigal and on the black market.

Great, put the RAND corporation in control.  Expect THC limits and counseling for those consuming excessive amounts.

Once they legalize medical cocaine, Im their guy.

Dude, These are not the guys you need!The best candidates would come from either Humboldt State or University of Oregon!

All you right wingers have to admit, God gave man dominion over the fish of the sea the beast's of the world and the PLANTS of the land, now go argue with god about using his plant. Fanatics. you know one good toke could set you free from your narrow mindedness and support of failing policies. No I do not currently smoke! as my state is still in the stone age when it comes to competing with Big alcohol,Big Pharm Big tobacco,and republic short sightedness.So unless you have smoked it you have no experience to talk about it. Thats like me telling an astronaut how to do his or her job.

The cretins who voted to legalize this drug are too stupid to comprehend the social,medical,and educational problems they will have by voting to "create more drug addicts!" Dolts!! SMH! :-((

Washington has a Marijuanna consultant??? How totaly absurd!  Another indication of how far down our society has fallen. We will soon displace Sodom and Gomorha as the most debased places in history. And we will suffer greatly for it.

So will the high tax on pot cover the expense?  I can see it now:Some guy starts smoking "legalized pot".  Starts getting addicted and needs to buy more.  It starts having a negative affect at home as he can't pay his bills.  Affects his work performance and he loses his job.  Now broke and jobless he will file bankruptcy and claim he has a "disease".  We will pay for his lifestlye via the Americans with Disability Act just like we do alcoholoics.  This still won't be enough for him so he will resort to crime for his addiction.Idiot state with an idiot populace.

This is slap In  the face for all the officers and civilians that have died because its a federal law stopping mexicans from crossing the border with this stuff now Its ok because its taxed well lets tax whors and make them legal lets tax idoits in office now were talking we would have a surplus of a gizillion dollars if that was the case

"The majority of individuals who use marijuana are also frequent users of alcohol and other illicit drugs.Marijuana addiction use has been associated with numerous physical and behavioral adverse effects. The majority of users report some type of side effect. There have been numerous reports of motor vehicle accident and work related accidents which have been associated with marijuana use usually related to mental clouding and sluggishness."Thems the facts.

His credentialsHe smokes an OZ a dayhe held a supporting role in every cheech and chong moviehe spent 10 years standing on the corner by the middle schoolhe was the head transportation consultant to the mexican cartelhe has sold enough in 6 months to pay off the national debt.

Great - Just through some more tax dollars out the window!

Did this "Pot Consultant" inhale?

Uhmm! I forgot....

Stoned every day?  Check.

Like wow man... Maybe my dealer will lower her prices even more dude!

More Drugs, more regulations, more crime, more taxes and black market. Are we   nuts?Obamas new plan lay everyone off then hire them back to regulate marawana wow shouldnt our president be saying no to this.   What a bunch of #$%$ in the white house they have no morales.

""We're serious about doing this the right way.""uhhh, that would include NOT taxing the the heck out of it, AND allowing grow-business expenses to be tax deductible

Does their state government know just how absolutely RIDICULOUS this makes them look? This is the United States of America. We didn't build the greatest nation in the history of the planet by letting liberalism run it into the ground with their third world aspirations.

Let every man remember that to violate the law is to trample on the blood of his father, and to tear that charter of his own and his children's liberty.Abraham Lincoln

No man is above the law and no man is below it; nor do we ask any man's permission when we ask him to obey it. Obedience to the law is demanded as a right; not asked as a favor.Theodore Roosevelt

I work at Teen Challenge. Many of our young people agree that pot is addictive and led them to more potent and dangerous drugs. America, and I know you are still there and in the majority, when will you speak up and fight back? John 10:10 The thief (Satan) comes only to steal and kill and destroy; I (Jesus) have come that they may have life, and have it to the full.

DARWIN AWARD for hippies who loves WEED and POT.

If what's written here is an example of the intelligence, set forth by the dope/pot users, good luck to the future WA state.

Marijuana kills over six hundred million American children every year, causes college students to listen to Jazz music, and everyone knows is 4300X more deadly than cigarettes and alcohol. Marijuana addicts cause billions of dollars in property damage and theft and high headed pot heads are known to be violent rapitst.

There's already an extensive problem with alcohol and perscription drug abuse in this country. We dont need pot to be added to the problem.  Deport the dopers and alcoholics. Worthless trash.