Nice timely reporting AP...10 AM results at 12:23 PM.

Fidelity has been selling its AAPL.  I won't  fight the professional portfolio managers.

I have added heavily to my Del shares ... good things are coming !

I have added to my Apple position ..... I have no worries there at all !

Hah very well said.  Analysts still don't get it.  Before they even got on te bandwagon, Steve Jobs and Co have already set their brand to the scale of Nike.  People really think buying/selling their stocks can affect their innovation? Hahahaha this is why Steve decided not to issue dividends. They got cash you stupid analysts.  Learn about their corporate culture and their loyalty base a little--geez.

I hate to say it, as I don't believe one person makes a Company, but since Steve's passing, Apple has gone 'twenty-something,' quirky (and narrow-minded), in its market focus, advertising and retail store personnel.  I'm a sixty year old owner (and head designer) of a graphics technology company and the folks over at the local Apple store speak to me as if I'm the village idiot... before I've even said a word.   Only incrementally improved products offered through ho-hum ads, and a snotty retail network, is not going to improve sales... or the stock price.

Apple sell off continues, time to dump it, don't be a fool.

Is Dell emerging from its pc past? It has been buying software company's that make security apps.

Why do people get so negative about the markets?  History shows nothing but a steady increase over time. Older folks can freak out over their retirement and it's understandable.. but most of you posting are not old. If you're 50 or younger you still have a lot of room to let stocks go down then they WILL rise again.  The market sinks only because the Jim Kramer's of the world freak everybody out into selling.  Nothing happened but increase after 2002.. why?  Because the scary monsters were just imaginary.  World "happenings" are going to happen.. just keep investing and we'll all be OK.

Let Tim Cook and the "board" at Apple Inc. do their job.  Let the leadership do it's job with a continuation of:   no dividends, the high stock price (no split needed), no share buybacks, the cash reserves climbing higher, and the creativity that is unique to Apple Inc.Who thinks Dell will push more production for products like tablets, servers and laptops. I want to make a move on dell, unfortunatly its almost at its peak...

Thank You Jack Welch (former GE CEO)  your comments this morning on AAPLE (on CNBC) were right on. "Screw Einhorn" and I'm with Tim Cook"  and " I would  go for innovation and R&amp;D on this one" were absolutely the words of someone who KNOWS what it takes to run and sustain a leadership position when conceiving  and developing products successfully for the long term. I don't believe CNBC wanted to hear what you recommended but do any of the analysts/commentators have ANY experience in running  a global supplier of products or services?  Probably NOT. So who are they to determine what financial  decisions be made for this wonderful company who has proved it's worth many times over!Let those with superior credentials in the creation, production, advertising, merchandising and design and engineering of products speak ONLY and let all others take a hike (as far as possible!!!!

3 upgrades from brokerage houses today( on aapl ) but you dont hear the media or cnbc talking about the upgrades of aapl, just the bad news . Tired of this lopsided journalism  aapl has been ganged up on for having record sales for 16 straight quarters