here we go, government gets involved and makes drugs less fun than when they were illegal.

Rule No. 1.  Always pass to the left-hand side.

DAGGUM REVENOORS!

Don't expect a lot of work, or work completed on time.

WA. passed a flawed bill; their bill was all about revenue while CO's bill was about freedom.  I don't see how the state is going to make this work.  How are they going to keep the price lower than the black market when they want to tax it every time it is touched?  In CO. people will be able to grow their own which the WA law does not allow.

They passed over Ed Rosenthal, an activist who's been growing for over forty years and has written best-selling books on the subject, to give some no-show liberal boondoggle job to a bunch of Democrat cronies and eggheads.  Shame.

Oh right....follow a completely Stoned department &amp; it's professor from California and you, too, can end up in the same mess they are in!  Brilliant !!!!

guess what feds, colorado is about to become like the prohibition era .... on weed

Marijuana possession, sale, and distribution is regulated by both state and federal law. In Alaska, marijuana is regulated as a "Schedule VIA" controlled substance—this schedule identifies substances that have the lowest degree of danger or probable danger to individuals or the public. (Alaska Stat. § 11.71.190.) It's illegal to drive while under the influence of marijuana. Alaska does allow medical use of marijuana.The government already knows and accepts the safety and medical application of this plant...IN ALASKA.

This seems to be a good move. Bring in a professional company to help set the policies fair and equal. I hope Washington state sets a good example for the rest of the country. The lies about marijuana have been shown to the world. Now is a time of healing and freedom. Marijuana should have never been made illegal in the first place. the DEA should be very ashamed of itself for arresting innocent people for using a plant given to us by God.The idiots outlawed booze in the 20's and we all know how that turned out. Then they made pot illegal in 1937. Then Ronnie Reagan made it a class 1 drug the same as Heroin. Really !!

First we climbed over the gate, now its open, good luck collecting taxes!

Excuse me! Isn't MaryJane usage AGAINST Federal law! Oh that's right! Obama just enforces the laws he chooses! I guess I missed that when he took the OATH!

They need a few proud men to join thier quality control team. Im in

Washington is so screwed up!

Riiiight, the government needs to do this, the government needs to ensure that.  What a crock.  How can people believe anything their rulers say when they are so ridiculously transparent?  Obviously they just want to rip off producers and consumers with the taxes (like liquor, duh).  I've got a real easy solution: just legalize use, possession, manufacture, and be done with it.  No government required, spontaneous market order.

King County in Washington State isn't wasting time and MONEY on the pot issue. Much more urgent concerns murders,arson gangs crack houses. Alcohol is much more dangerous when used  to excess it's legal,  When was the last time a mellow pot smoker robbed a bank, donut craving is much more common.Sell it tax it.How many studies do you need. The Fed's has much bigger problems

Oh heavens!  Washington would not want excess pot going out of state and all that tax revenue pouring into state coffers.

Cliffor ralph you are the most ingnorant person i have ever witnessed type on a keyboard! Hence your name of course.. Lol no this is not a good thing for washington state they should be letting the #$%$ dispensaries help run this not some idiot with no expereince in this industry at all and especially someone working for the government!! This is a very bad idea!!

HEE HEE HEE, and what they gonna do bout all the little personal gardens that have spouted up?It's called #$%$.

Would somebody please explain why Washington State can break federal laws and get away with it.. Marijuana is a Federal Law, not state, this is BS..