If they were not born alive, why sever their spinal cords?

was wondering that myself. doesnt make any sense. &amp; WHY TF put them in the freezer?!

""put a Mayo Clinic standard on a West Philadelphia clinic."" - so is the defense is that poor women in West Philly should expect unsanitary, substandard care? The rich only deserves quality clean care? - Now THAT is a racist statement. The defense has no excuse. No OB doc on staff, a teen administering narcotics to patients, a true 'mill'. Get them in, take their money, get them out. Cha-ching!

I would not consider myself a pro lifer, but this story is disturbing as hell.

What have we become????

Don't these babies have to be born in order for him to snip the spinal cord? If they are born and they even take one breath, their alive so this so callled "doctor" is commiting murder. Something that is absoultely horrible is finding these babies in a freezer. What purpose could they serve? It also sounds like his "office" was filthy, no wonder that woman died. How his worker's could stand working in those conditions is beyond me. Personally, abortion is a hard decision for any woman to make, but at 24 weeks no, have the baby give it up for adoption.

The question should be if mom gave birth at 6 -7 months and plunged a pair of scissors in the baby's neck and cut the spinal cord and the baby died - would a court find her guilty or not of murder. The answer to that question should be the same for this man/doctor.

24 weeks is 6 months, people.  I'm pro-choice but anyone who's out to lunch to get that far along in her pregnancy should wait another three months and give the baby up for adoption.  Everyone knows you're pregnanct and if you're not prepared to care well for a baby, let someone else do it while you grow up.

I'm pro-choice, but delivering live babies, then killing them, is murder, not legal abortion.

My 24 week old fetus is 7 now.  She's also a ranked gymnast and honor roll student.  That is what he plunged scissors into...not a clump of cells!

This doctor became a millionaire cutting corners on quality safe care. Women's groups should be outraged, but yet they celebrate the 'courage' of this man to do later-term abortions. Surgical abortions should ONLY be done in a hospital. These are the true 'money-makers' at an abortion clinic.I think the doctor is a baby serial killer....to me the babies he murdered are human beings already,he's 72 years old,how long has he been doing this,God knows how many he killed.

Regardless of whether you are pro-life of pro-choice, what this guy was doing was pure murder. Unbelievable.

Is there a abortion factory that isn't a house of horrors?

I love how the television national "news" media completely IGNORES this story, even pseudo-conservative FOX!

What woman would be for late term abortions?  I cannot fathom it at all.  If you think they are rare, you've been lied to.

Well...really wish I wouldn't have clicked this article.

What's the difference?  Delivered or undelivered, the vast majority of these tiny beings are being put to death for the crime of being inconvenient.  And that's sad.

Sounds to me like he severed the spinal cords before they could draw breath.  That doesn't mean they weren't alive.

Anyone who is pro-choice should find the guts to study how abortion is performed and how the fetus is treated during the procedure.  If you haven't done that then you don't know what you're talking about. Abortion should be rare.  Why are humans so stupid that they can't use birth control?  I don't get it.

Is Gosnell still on Obama's short list for the next Health Sec?No wonder this country is going to hell!!!!  When the most innocent can be slaughtered, and have been for decades, what does that say about us????

Roe vs Wade was supposed to make this kind of tragedy a thing of the past.  50 MILLION abortions later we still have monsters committing such atrocities.

By far, the dumbest statement to come out of an attorney's mouth this week: "They (prosecutors) want to put a Mayo Clinic standard on a West Philadelphia clinic."If by "Mayo Clinic standard" you mean a place where people aren't going to die from infections brought about by improperly stored dead bodies, animal parasites, or unsterilized equipment, then I think we can ALL agree that's a standard we need.

How can you describe a business that provides late term abortions as a health center? This guy was a ghoul cut from the same mold as was George Tiller, who ironically received a well deserved and exceptionally late term abortion at the hands of  Scott Roeder.What goes around, comes around.

What do you expect from monsters like this, america?

This is what legal abortion looks like! :P

Every abortion should require a Medical Examiner's report!

Why would you need to sever the spinal cord if the baby was never alive. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with this whole story!

I was always against abortion, but this is really just asenine. The guy admits that 2 of them were not "clearly legal" and then goes to say the other 2 aren't worth looking into. Ya, i bet, because you'll find they were illegal. then there is the fact they OD'd a woman in the clinic and she died. Obviously this man needs to lose his ability to keep doing this, i'd lock his #$%$ up. If you're going to do abortions, do it by the book at least. Again i don't advocate it but at the very least, follow the laws. Quit pulling the "i'm innocent cause i'm black" card.

Ah, the beauty of killing babies for fun &amp; profit. Hitler &amp; Obama would be proud.Bet he was reselling umbilical chords..disgusting... abortion is wrong..sorry but we have birth control...if you mess up..have the baby please.. adoption..or raising the child in your whole family.. abortion at any stage is murder... I personally believe in abstinance..wait for marriage..old fashioned yes but also putting fertile females on birth control for prevention...but teach girls to wait..grow up..get educated...find a worthy man to share your life..then make a family... guess I am a dinosaur...lol

Obama's kind of doctor.

he is 72 the death penalty is only for show.. I hope he is convicted and locked up for the rest of his days.This monster existed and was able to exist only because certain elements in our society fight against comprehensive healthcare, especially for women. The so called prolife should be over joyed. After all it their efforts at demonizing planned parenthood and trying to constantly defund it that allows for such sick and twisted sick #$%$// to exist.

Hell awaits.

And why are the nurses who helped this monster and the mothers of these murdered babies not on trial as accessories?

I'm pro-choice up to a point,24 wks is to far along,the baby can live outside the womb at this point.

They say the baby was not BORN alive, that is because the head deliveres, they sever the spinal cord and then deliver the body...hence partial birth abortion. If a person is raped/incest, a morning after pill is available that will not allow the egg to implant. Not for abortion but if that is your choice, please don't wait until it is viable.

So...not saying what this man did was right by any means...but how is this different then abortion done on a baby inside the womb?  It's just geography and differing stages of development.  If it's okay to end life during early stages of development but not okay during later stages....isn't that like saying a 2 year old isn't as important as a 21 year old because he/she is less developed?  Just trying to understand the pro-choice logic with some honest feedback (science and facts) other than what I usually hear which is "at an early stage it's nothing more than a parasite".  Abortion done in early stages of development either burns the skin of the baby with saline or a vacuum suck the arms, legs and head of the baby's body.  How is that not inhumane?

Even Roe is now PRO-LIFE.

This piece of #$%$ has a bright future,, as a butcher.HANGIM

no matter how unfit the doctor is to remain in our society the women are just as equally unfit to be amongst us as well.

As opposed to the other abortion doctors who murder defenseless babies in cold blood in pleasant surroundings.

Hate to be the janitor at that place.  Yuck!!

This is what the democrat party supports. They will do whatever it takes for their so called women's rights. This is what Obama supported. When the left wins this is what we get.

His nurses are as disgusting at this creepy #$%$ ever will be.

" ..  want to put Mayo clinic standards on a west Philidelphia clinic.. So this "Lawer" is advocating "back alley coat hanger abortions" that the liberals are always refering to if abortion limits are lowered?  " Racist and elitist.."  The man is grasping at straws, would he feel this way if it was HIS wife that had died at this doctors hands?

Somebody once said that if we made abortions free of charge, Planned Parenthood would be out of business.

I remember the days of reading newspaper stories, of women found chopped up in Sewars, from bothche backroom abortion, home abortions, suicides, and worse. NEVER AGAIN, FIGHT WOMEN, FIGHT with everything you have ! When men  bear the children, then, and ONLY THEN, can they DICTATE!

Isn't every abortion house a house of horrors. Remember every time an abortion is committed the most innocent form of life dies.this saint of a doctor serves the poor, he served them out of 250k. There is no shiney side on this coin. He is a mass murderer for hire and should not get special consideration from the left for only killing babies. What do you want to bet he will? Probably get a fee for practicing medicine without a licence or maybe tax evasion. Murderous pig, I believe a wood chipper to be in order.

I hope they crucify this monster.

This is creepy, why did'nt these ladies seek an abortion earlier on?  When you deliver the baby, yes it's a human being.  To snap there spines is kinda heartless

Its all sick, both patients and doc.

I have always considered myself to be pro-choice, but there are limits.  A viable fetus is no longer a fetus, it's a baby.  "Late" abortions are no longer abortions, they are births and if you kill a baby who is viable, you commit murder.

Isn't snapping the necks of newborns in the Democrat platform?

I am pro choice but not like this i hope your judicial system gets this one right simply put death penalty an no lengthy wait time short and sweet a pair of scissors to the spinal cord

Gobels.  The modern day Gobels.   Just as horrific.

The doctor, the staff, and especially the  mothers should all go to jail.

What's the difference? Abortion IS murder! If you believe that abortion is so wonderful then why not deliver them full term then shoot 'em in the head. It would be alot cheaper.Here we go again, playing the race card to cover for execrable, criminal behavior.  Hideous.

"This is not a case about abortion," Assistant District Attorney Joanne Pescatore told the jury. "This is a case about murder." Can you EXPLAIN TO ME exactly HOW they are DIFFERENT?The END RESULT is THE SAME- the only difference is the selfishness, or love of the woman.

If this turns out to be true all I can say is--I am at a loss for the right words-inhuman!

the death penalty would be poetic justice for this guy .

There is a huge difference between the size of a grapeseed fetus and a fetus that is over six months gestation. So yes, it sickens we prochoice supporters. This doctor should spend the rest of his days in prison...

this is racism so the #$%$ attorney is using the obama defense

"May upset some readers?" Any abortion is a horror and SHOULD upset the reader!

To arbitrarily think they were only alive and meriting rights after they move a few inches out a birth canal is asinine and serves the interest of the selfish to the detriment of innocent life. Kermit Gosnell is the logical conclusion of the expendability of the inconvenient.

Don't you imagine that EVERY abortion clinic is a "house of horrors" for the infant being aborted?

I know this isn't politically correct, but does anyone get the feeling that when the defense jumps right in playing the race card it's because he knows his client has a weak case?HORROR! When Obama was Senator Obama he stated a baby that is birthed and survives a late term abortion procedure should not receive any medical attention and should be left to die. This Voodoo doctor is Dr Mengele in the USA. As a man I am told women have the right to decide what happens to their bodies, yes that is true, but what about the baby's body? Abortion is Infanticide Genocide. I can't understand how Jews who have ancestors that perished in the Holocaust can support Abortion. Seeing my kids born made me appreciate the MIRACLE of life and changed me from believing its a women's choice to bein PRO-LIFE, Anti-Abortion. As my old pastor used to say, "Did you ever notice all the people who are for abortion have already been born? When they can kill those that can't speak for themselves the unborn babies, then the aged, sick and infirmed, and the lowly of society are not far behind from state sponsored death."

Auschwitz, Treblinka, Belsen, Dachau...  It is the same harvesting of human tissue for specious reasons, without the barbed wire.

What? There's nothing wrong with this...but let's ban all guns.

what i don't understand is why these women are waiting to late in their pregnancy to have an abortion.  what is another few months, have the baby, and then give the baby up for adoption?  you've come this far, go all the way.  this doctor sounds like a monster, and his employees should be ashamed of themselves for working there.  late term abortions should be illegal.

Get out of America folks while the getting is good.

Remember all of you baby killing doctors out there, to keep the pro choice folks happy you need to place the sissors inside the birth canal then you can sever the spinal cord. After all the argument is that it`s the mothers body.

The truth is far more brutal than any fiction.

This is wrong on so many levels.  I hope when he gets to the yard, someone pulls his spine out thru his throat!

47 dead babies found in the freezer. 45 were legal. Is this sick or what? these are innocent helpless babies that never did anything to anyone. But it was legal tl kill them. Abortion is MURDER!

its murder either way in the womb or out wuts the differenceWait, where is the outrage form the woman rights group? This is what you are fighting for! This is what legal, safe and rare abortion is! You should be celebrating this! Isn't this what "my body, my choice" means? The woman here got what her freedom gave her. To have an abortion at any stage at any time. The doctor was merely "completing the procedure" as promised. According to the law, this is a legal Procedure. Why are you so shocked??? Because you know what the truth is. It is murder. No matter how you sugar coat the situation. When life is ended intentionally, it is MURDER.

How is it that in states where late term abortion is legal, that a matter or minutes, or being on one side or the other of the birth canal, can make the difference between legal abortion and murder?  We need to take a long, hard look into our souls.  Late term abortion is barbaric.

I don't think Gosnell's race plays any role in this.  A monster is a monster, regardless of his color.  And the defense is saying he need not be held to a reasonable standard of care just because his patients are poor and in West Philly?  That defense will never wash.

Lets not forget to play the race card here.

Abortion is a backwards, barbaric practice designed to prey on the poor and the desperate at the cost of a human life.

No liberal on the jury could convict this guy without convicting themselves, it`s the woman`s body remember?

I have seen films ,documentaries, photos and read some articles to educate myself on how babies were aborted and it's not pretty.It is brutal and barbaric.And the infants do react to pain. Abortion is not the answer.Birth control is.

Sick.

Good grief ... how long must we endure the race card allegations. So, no minority is ever guilty of anything anymore? I am a minority and know that this is obviously not true. These race-baiters are losing credibility, and when something does occur that is race related, no one will believe them.

Why is the race of the chief prosecuter and Gosnell even mentioned?  What has being black have to do with anything?"Svetlana" on this board is one sick individual.  A shame there are many more like this.  Is it too late to stick a knife in her spine?  Just for her to see how it feels?

Murder, plain and simple.

This doctor didn't do anything different than many abortion providers.  It's all murder.

I really dont know what to say. Im dumbfounded... Anyone who can just kill a live breathing baby with scissors to there spine, should get the death penalty!

REALLY wish I didn't read this article before bed! Good lord does anyone left on this earth still have a conscience? Just revolting and sad in so many ways...

Death sentence ,please !!that so called doctor is a monster .

And, DON'T FORGET- It is OCRAPHEAD, OUR PRESIDENT, that opposed a bill to SAVE fetuses who were ALIVE after an ABORTION.

Someone needs to take a pair of scissors and plunge it into the evil doctor's spinal cord and snip it. This would be fitting.

A partial birth abortion is when a doctor delivers a baby feet first and befor the head is delivered he severes the spinal cord with a tool manufactured just for that purpose. If that is legal I dont see why people are having such a fit over just the sumantics of the babies head being delivered and outside the womb. we are talking a matter of just a few minutes and just one miss tug on those feet and opps baby is out and breathing. People are going to think he is sick for killing a baby one minute that litteral just a minute earlier was ok. Like I always say you are either for the murder of babies or you are against it...period.

Blah,Blah,Blah.......B.S,B.S.,B.S........BUT...........it made headlines,didn't it......I am Pro-Choice because.......this is a democracy not a theocracy.....Liberty&amp;Land of the Free....it is a matter between doctor &amp;patient.....not a matter for a bunch of MEN.....Thinking women understand......and have rights,too................This is disgusting! What is wrong with people? The same liberals who cry their eyes out over the death penalty and killing someone who has murdered someone, have no problem whatsoever killing an innocent baby. Freaks!

What about the mothers? Why aren't they charged with something. Any mother who would let someone do this to their child needs to be hung or worse. Absolutely horrible!

"This story contains graphic material that may upset some readers"And it should upset us, all of us!!! If it doesn't, we are so far gone.

Abortion is wrong ,no matter what myth you are told to supply you with a justifiable excuse for allowing it in this country.

Those who committ abortions are like serial killers, they enjoy their dominance over life and death! bill5153

The goons at Planned Parenthood and BlowBama must love this guy.  He's only following the path that they've blazed for him.Taking away the gun rights of responsible citizens to protect themselves while murdering little babies in the meat-grinder....  that's Barry's "Hope &amp; Change" for you!

While a state senator in Chicago Obama twice voted against a bill that would have required medical treatment for a baby that survived a botched abortion. Instead he voted to allow the baby to suffer and die without treatment. I`m sure this doctor will be fine with a liberal or two on the jury.

Abortion kills our hopes, our dreams, our futures.“Whenever human beings fail to live up to this responsibility, whenever we fail to care for creation and for our brothers and sisters, the way is opened to destruction and hearts are hardened,” Pope Francis said in his March 19 homily in St. Peter's Square.QUESTION:  In the depths of your hearts fellow Americans, can you possibly believe Pope Francis did not have in mind the future, the dreams and the hopes of unborn and defenseless children in their mother's womb?Never forget, God's name is MERCY:  "Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall become white as snow."  Yes, that INCLUDES Catholic priests and Bishops and the Lay Faithful as well.

Wasn't He a keynote speaker at the democratic convention?

Another Fine Liberal Democrat.God, please have mercy on us as a people, as a nation, and as a society. Grant us the wisdom and grace to stand up in the face of evil, call it what it is, and repent of it. In Jesus name, amen.

Where do these child devouring doctors learn to kill babies?Is this something that is taught in the medical industry?Page 666: How to kill an unborn baby.Not sure if page 666 exists.

I thought the progressive proponents of choice called it a fetus?

This is Obama's way of lowering the population but what I don't understand is how come its ok to kill a child but yet Democrats are soooooooooo against the death penalty?  This administration is a freaking joke that makes me want to puke down their throats.

I am at a complete loss here. The evidence isn't in and it seems this one is going to turn, not on criminal intent of the Defendant(s), but instead on what is or is not a live human being, and what is or is not a live birth; and whether its proper to sever the spinal cord of a "legal" fetus that's 24 weeks or under, etc. What I am reading into this is, that fetuses were removed and "could have" lived with medical attention at 24 weeks. That's what I am seeing as where this case is going. If so I think the defense may have a point. "What ifs" and speculation aside, there seems to be a lack of criminal intent, but an abundance of religious-moral judgment. After all Philly is a Catholic stomping ground.

This man is a monster- execute him.

wy aren't the women who had the abortions being charged they were coconspirtars

So if a new born baby is not considered alive although it is breathingand severing its spinal cord to make it stop breathing is not murder, then there is no such thing as murder.  I see all kind of appeals from current prisoners on whether or not they killed.

If the charges are true, the doctor should be punished severely.  It's difficult to determine if there is truth to the charges, as abortion foes use incendiary language to appeal to the emotions rather than the intellect.If all abortion is outlawed, however, this will become commonplace, as it was before Roe/Wade made terminating early pregnancy safe.

I am pro-choice, but how was this guy not turned in earlier? Unsanitary conditions and families watching women be pregnant one day and not the next? This looks like something is missing from the story being told.No different than Joseph Mengele. All involved deserve murder charges.

The Libs reading this are squirming....because they know in their conscience that abortion really is just wrong.

hero of the left

I am definitely pro-choice, but late term abortions should be highly restricted, require at least two fully licensed doctors to sign off on a valid reason, and only be performed in a hospital with a spotless reputation. Doing late term abortions in a filthy clinic? That boggles the mind on many levels.

A body count of 50 million plus.  Tne Nationalist Socialist Deutsch Worker's Party (why is my attempt to use THE OTHER N-WORD being censored?) never reaped a harvest of human tissue like that, they did NOT reap their harvest for the sake of money OR for inconvenience, and they are UNIVERSALLY CONDEMNED.

Does a Mothers pursuit of happyness and liberty trump a fetuses pursuit of life , liberty and happyness ?

Democrats are baby killers, period.  It's what you base your entire party on.

philly is a liberal city - what's all the fuss about?

Where are all the fools hollering that it is a woman's choice? Why is this any different than thousands of other babies murdered by partial-birth abortion over the years? Anyone who uses abortion as birth control should be sterilized on the spot - man AND woman.

This is what abortion brings.The sad thing is that if this quack is not convicted, his Philadelphia medical license will be pulled, and then he will set up shop in another city.

i didnt know it was a crime to kill a baby...i thought it was ok-heck...even legal...what is going on here...are we regressing to a time where we had morality-a social conscience...please dont put this guy on trial...we dont want to go back to that life...we like our gay everything and crazed students killing each other and radical moslems and we like being able to put our children to death...especially that...and our entitlements too...boy oh boy do we like those...and taxing the rich...and closing churches...charging this guy will only feed the insanity of the moral majority...we cant let that happen...can we...???

The subtitle warning is not nearly large enough.  I was puking before the end.  He isn't human.  I firmly believe he will rot in Hell.  I pray for the souls of the women who helped him.  Dear Lord.

What a bizarre way to play the race card.  "You won't let me kill babies because I'm black!!"

If the babies had heart beats when they were born....that's murder. I can't figure out the fetuses in the freezer part, though. Why would you keep them after you've murdered them? Did he get his jollies off on that? Were they "trophies"? This is so disgusting and disturbing. Please God, make this poor excuse of a human being suffer for what he did to those innocent babies. The freezer part kind of reminds me of a scene in 'The Walking Dead' where the governor at the end of the night would have a drink to settle down and look at what's in front of him....What was there were fish tanks with zombies heads in them...like trophies. Yes, you can't compare the two at all and blah bah blah, but this story is what it reminds me of. Completely sickening. He WILL burn in Hell no matter what.

A disgusting story but the truth is if the social stigma against early abortion were lifted these back alley places wouldn't exist. The women who went there would have had their pregnancy terminated much earlier. Better and earlier sex education would help lower the abortion rate. Women and parents should have easy access to morning after pills without being judged.

Why is there even a question to argue here?  Which part of "Abortions are banned in Pennsylvania after 24 weeks of pregnancy" isn't crystal clear?!

I've always been pro-choice, but when I was 19yo, I had a friend who was preggers, had sent out wedding invites, and her finance broke up with her. She was so far along that she could feel the baby move inside of her so I was surprised when she had an abortion. I now think only first trimester abortions should be legal. It seems that everyone has a different opinion on this subject and this is mine.

He's 72 years old does a death sentence really scare him?  Like Jack Kevorkin.

How barbaric we have become all in the name of "choice."If you kill the kid, you'll most likely kill the pregnant lady.

And the liberals are the losers pushing this evil on society!

What person in thier right mind doesn't consider ANY abortion clinic a house of horrors??

Ban "assault doctors".  They kill more children than anyone with a gun ever has.

Sounds like Hitler lives again.

This story is disturbing.

Adam, wake up and smell the roses!!! These children he killed felt excrutiating pain.  Would you like someone to do that to you?  I'm sure your answer would be no way.

I can not even comment on this......

I thought legalizing abortion was supposed to keep this kind of thing from happening.

Obama supports late term abortions, this is covered in Obama-care.THAT is the point- LIVE babies- not pieces of tissue.  IF they were supposed to not be here, then god would not have planned to get them here for parents.

I hope this #$%$ gets the death penalty.He should be executed.Let him suffer just like those babies did.I hope he rots in Hell.

If ya dont want it dont create it,,,,,,,

The liberal sure loves this kind of thing.  Liberalism is a sickness

Oh.  I see.  They're pulling the race card.  I guess if your black (or another minority) you can kill babies then use the "YOU'RE A RACIST!" defense.

What else could you expect from an abortion doctor.

Why, if it is simply a matter of choice, do abortiphiles so often say that it should be "safe, legal and RARE".  If it is the moral equivalent of removing a hangnail or getting a haircut, why should it be "RARE".  If there is a moral distinction, they should explain what that distinction is.Might they be afraid of the result of such a mental calculation because it disturbs their long slumber?

Yet we must defend the right too....kill, it is a gender issue. So that makes it different.

Go ahead and give me all thumbs down, but this is why I can't support abortion. If its better for 10 guilty to go free than one innocent to go to prison in this country, then IMO its better to outlaw abortion so that this never happens again. The whole idea of this place is totally beyond the pale of any accepted human conduct.

I read about a doctor who would cut the baby's neck while it was still partly inside the birth canal, while its legs were outside of the canal and kicking. He would deliberately keep them from coming all the way out of the canal until he could cut their neck, because if he did it after they were all the way out, it would be considered murder. But it wasn't considered murder as long as their head was still in the birth canal. I don't remember what state the article said this was in.I am a Christian, I am pro-life.I know it is wrong to feel this way but I hope everyone involved in these heinous acts, including the women who chose to kill their 6 month and older fetuses, are punished as severley as the law allows and beyond. I hope they are haunted every day by the thoughts of what they did and are haunted by the visions of those poor babies. Do people like these even feel guilt, remorse? I feel guilty about feeling this way. God wants me to be forgiving because He forgives me. But this is how I feel and what I think. God forgive me.

In other abortion news, a student at DePaul who put up a pro life display that was vandalized by a group of liberal students was placed on probation and threatened with expulsion for revealing the names of the thirteen perps.  He was then forbidden to speak of the matter and denied counsel at the University hearing.  Once again, liberals demonstrate their hatred for truth, free speech, fairness, and the Constitution.

Late term abortions are murder, but abortions are no longer necessary with the the morning after pill, and other types of contraception.

With each and every abortion - the murder of an unborn and DEFENSELESS child - the minds, hearts, and souls of mankind die a more certain death, and sink further into the abyss of Godless tyranny and a diatribe against LIFE.  If we don't put an end to abortion, then do not complain when the Party and Culture of Death knocks at your door and politely requests your death, because you are no longer a useful member of society.  "True, I was born guilty, a sinner in my mother's womb from CONCEPTION."  Psalm 51.

anybody ever hear of birth control? abortion should not be used as birth control.

Child Abuse in AmericaChildren are suffering from a hidden epidemic of child abuse and neglect. Every year 3.3 million reports of child abuse are made in the United States involving nearly 6 million children (a report can include multiple children). The United States has the worst record in the industrialized nation – losing five children every day due to abuse-related deaths. 1General Statistics•A report of child abuse is made every ten seconds•*More than five children die every day as a result of child abuse.2•Approximately 80% of children that die from abuse are under the age of 4. 1•It is estimated that between 50-60% of child fatalities due to maltreatment are not recorded as such on death certificates. 3•More than 90% of juvenile sexual abuse victims know their perpetrator in some way. 4•Child abuse occurs at every socioeconomic level, across ethnic and cultural lines, within all religions and at all levels of education.•About 30% of abused and neglected children will later abuse their own children, continuing the horrible cycle of abuse. 5•About 80% of 21 year olds that were abused as children met criteria for at least one psychological disorder. 5•The estimated annual cost of child abuse and neglect in the United States for 2008 is $124 billion. 6•Top ↑Child Abuse &amp; Criminal Behavior•14% of all men in prison in the USA were abused as children. 7•36% of all women in prison were abused as children. 7•Children who experience child abuse &amp; neglect are 59% more likely to be arrested as a juvenile, 28% more likely to be arrested as an adult, and 30% more likely to commit violent crime. 5Top ↑Child Abuse Consequences•Abused children are 25% more likely to experience teen pregnancy. 5•Abused teens are less likely to practice safe sex, putting them at greater risk for STDs. 5•Top ↑Child Abuse &amp; Substance Abuse•One-third to two-thirds of child maltreatment cases involve substance use to some degree. 8•Children whose parents abuse alcohol and other drugs are three times more likely to be abused and more than four times more likely to be neglected than children from non-abusing families. 8•As many as two-thirds of the people in treatment for drug abuse reported being abused or neglected as children. 10

I thought that the race card was bent so bad that it could not be played in a legitimate deck. Looks like I was wrong!

I think the statements are clear as to the crimes. It is not about Mayo Clinic rules but murder and those in Philly would like you to think that to display the truth of murder here. This is why any abortion must be illegal, because too many loopholes for ANYONE, white or black or yellow or brown skinned to expose the laws. We must protect all those who cannot speak for themselves and punish all who think its ok to kill. Weather a doctor, quack, teeanger, adult.......you must not have the power top end life. Period. Only at a licensed hospital where a court order has been granted should you be allowed to even ask for one when and only when assured death is on the table........men(humans) make bad decisions and will kill if you allow them......

"Abortions are banned in Pennsylvania after 24 weeks of pregnancy."  Banning doesn't stop something from happening.

This story just chills me to the bone.  Pro-life or Pro-choice no one can look at this and think this man was doing the right thing.For the MSNBC Regressives and pro-deathers this man is a saint he's exterminating babies, for the rest of us we respect the pro-life Mother Teresa

"Gosnell displayed no emotion during the opening statements of the trial"Of course, he has no soul

Hang this ape.

All abortions are murder, this guy no different than the rest although the liberals would like to think so.

Wow, digusting beyond belief. Is this what some pro-choice people defend?

We disguise murder by calling it "choice." Choice is a beautiful thing, murder is not.

The rich fly their kids to Sweden and avoid all this.

Abortion is unacceptable.  Late-term abortions are just more unacceptable.

Dear Frustrated..that's your opinion.  I am pro-choice.  I don't believe the government..or ANYONE for that matter, should be able to tell me what to do with MY body.  I do  NOT, however believe in abortion myself.  I believe everyone has "freedom of choice", which God gave us.  You do, however, have to pay the consequences for your bad decisions in life.  But, DO NOT try to tell me what I should and should not do with MY body.

I gaurantee the good Doctor is Democrat.witch hunt maybe, I am a freedomn of choice supporter, but i do have issue with late term abortion unless the life of the mother is in question. If the autopsy reports show that the baby never lived then then it is a witch hunt, if it show that the baby drew a breath then he is guilty.

i'm pro choice which to me means women should not be forced to be pregnant. a legal abortion safely stops a women from being pregnant. once the fetus is out the pregnancy is over and she got what she wanted. why do they kill the fetus if it happens to be alive after the procedure?the bigger question is why are some women waiting so long to have the abortion? maybe because all the stupid laws that require waiting periods and then the woman has to save her money and travel a great distance to have the abortion.

Sick #$%$ people.... a liberals hero

Anyone who would go to an Affirmative Action witch doctor needs their head examined.

This man is the devil and I hope, even at 72, that he is suffering in jail. At the least, please let him die in jail. This has nothing to do with abortion it is definitely murder and assault on woman who put themselves in desperate situations then made desperate choices. There is no defense for this.

I don't understand how a woman can be so far along that she can feel the baby kick and then abort it. It is a baby! When music plays, they will respond, when you lay in a position they don't like, they let you know. The morning after pill is readily available-no excuses besides selfishness.

racist?  are you kidding me?

I fail to see the difference with abortion except for more splatter. The Romans simply threw the babies in the trash and left! Them pro-death folks could see the reality starker that way, much starker than flushing.

Now Im Pro Choice and as a woman, always will be but late term abortions are simply cruel in my opinion. If you can carry that baby that long, you can carry it the few weeks left and adopt it out.

We are becoming a nation pf reprobates and fools to even suggest that after conception, a person is not "alive," or a "person. "  How stupid!  No one EVER questions whether the expectant gorilla at the zoo has conceived a baby gorilla or a lynx, or for that matter; if it's alive. No one wants to kill it because of some "right to choose."  Further, it is repugnant to see a political organization fill a coliseum for a week to claim the moral high ground on this issue, and at the same time endorse sexual perversion. Is what has always been WRONG, in our "enlightened" culture now RIGHT, as we race toward the destruction of our society?This proves that ALL abortions should be allowed and should should be performed in hospitals not "clinics". What in hell is a clinic???? Who oversees "clinics"??? Would you go to a shoe salesman to prepare a meal for you???Shoe salesmen sell shoes in a shoe store, cooks or chefs prepare meals in a restaurant, and medical procedures should be done in a medical facility!!!!!

Abortion clinics in Maryland, Arizona and many others need to be investigated.  Woman have died at his clinic.  They are unhealthy and dirty.  Instruments are not sterilized.   Doctors and clinics should be punished for botched abortions.   If a baby is born alive doctors should be made to save that baby.  Abortion mills (clinics) should have health standards, rules and regulations.  Also more research should be done on post-abortion mental health issues and causing other medical problems.  Many  people suffer post abortion depression and ptsd.  Studies  have shown long term medical conditions such as cancer.

This is murder.

The "House of Favors"....good job killa!

I for one have had many sins in my life, some that are only known between God and myself. And i'm sure i have many more i will commit before i see his face. But i thank him everyday for my children and allowing me the privilage to have the gift of them in my life. All i want when i get old and am prepairing to leave this earth is a clear conscious and a good record, My 6 children to hold my hands as i go, and peace in my heart.

Grosnel is not a doctor, he is a heartless murderer and should be called what he truly is.

that is #$%$ sick. :/ i hope he gets the death penalty.

I am 100% pro choice, but if these babies were born alive and he severed their spinal cords, that's murder. At 6 months pregnant, why not wait a couple months, deliver a full term baby and put it up for adoption?

The surgeon general, Kathlene Sebilius, allowed/encouraged late term abortions while governor of Ks.  Can you believe that they put her in charge of health in the US?

Its all about birthcontrol condoms,the pill,and Education.Why put them in the freezer?   They are just blobs of tissue, why can't they go in the trash?

I defend the right of choice, but there is nothing to defend here. Delivery and then sentenced to death by severing the spinal cord is murder. And really ladies, if you made it 6mths then go the final term. There's people out there that will care for your child even if you can't or won't. 6mths is just too far out of acceptable range, even for a pro-choice advocate.

2 million couples in the U.S. wait each year to adopt the 18,000 third term babies and the one and a half million babys that are killed each year through abortion.

Just means this doctor saved many men from being extorted from endeted slaves to some #$%$ and there love child!.

At least 700,000 abortions have been done on healthy third trimester babys since roe v wade became law.

18,000 abortions a year are performed on mostly healthy viable babys such as the ones Dr. Gosnell performed on third trimester children before birth.

Every abortion clinic is a "House of Horrors"

Abortion is NEVER safe for the unborn child, or women-do we understand that yet?!There's been lots of women who have died in 'safe, legal' abortion clinics.OBama is spending millions on this legalized HOLOCAUST.

"Gosnell, 72, delivered live babies and then deliberately severed their spinal cords, killing them."Nothing more than the liberals war on babies.  They can't kill them fast enough to fulfill their sick fantasies.

"This is not a case about abortion," Assistant District Attorney Joanne Pescatore told the jury. "This is a case about murder."..........................Wrong, abortion IS murder.No late term abortions but there should be late, late, late, late term abortions for those 25 to 40 year olds living off their parents still. Life mooching off mom and dad for ever is no kind of life for any of you.

Use condoms or birthcontrol....it's free why get pregnant and then have an abortion like this!! Evil people....

I literally want to vomit. What an evil human being!

Typical Obama supporters...

There is a bit missing from the story here.  Almost certainly these were not 'Born' babies and had their spinal cords severed.  Likely this action occured in the womb during the process.  Still, when you start pushing 24 weeks thats pretty rough.  Once you start hitting 20ish weeks you are better off putting the child up for adoption barring extenuating circumstances.  It costs 20x more to have an abortion at 22-24 weeks compared to 16/18 weeks.  That makes makes these types of procedures extremely rare.

murder

Filthy facilities where they murder babies? For shame!

My Granddaughter was born at 27 weeks, and weighed 14 OUNCES!! She is ALIVE and Thriving!She's a First Grader reading at a third grade level. She's a Miracle every day of her life. I hope this MURDERER sees the faces of all the Precious Babies he's KILLED, every time he closes his eyes to sleep!! May the Mothers of these abandoned, unwanted babies , find NO Peace, or Comfort...................... EVER!

Pro Choice Always, Kudos to the good Doctor...

It is wrong to abort a child. It becomes a living human being at the moment of conception.Having a baby is a gift not a piece of trash!Svetlana:Do you enjoy what you do?

***Jer 17:9-109 The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?10 I the Lord search the heart, I try the reins, even to give every man according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings.

these people are really evil how could yu kill a little baby

It's interesting that a majority of abortion clinics located in cities are in located in minority neighborhoods.  Wow, you can come to a lot of conclusions by this one fact, can't you?  Margaret Sanger, the foundress of today's modern Planned Parenthood was a racist and a promoter of racial eugenics.  What say you, liberal Democrats?  Like it or not, Margaret Sanger is your poster child - a rabid racist who wanted to sterilize "unwanted races".

The trial is not yet finished. Perspective is key here. as for house of horrers. well I reason that any woman haveing an abortion is dealing with some horrible feelings. I personaly am not against a womans choice here I think its paramount. Look around you and you will witness the results of overpopulation. not just here world wide. Look at what happened in stuebinville ohio. The root behaivior there was not only vile but in some ways can be tied directly into parents who have not the time paitence or will to raise decent children. Count them 35,000 horendus text and only two people of decent upbringing and morals stood. The truth is infront of the entire human race they see it but cant accept it... Perhaps insted of severing the spine we should then go back to sparta and after giveing birth if a child is deemed unable to survive and thrive just toss them off a cliff. Would you prefer this over things as they are?

I know everyone "deserves" a lawyer but how can you sleep at night defending this

In other words, women of that area don't deserve 'Mayo Clinic' standards.  How very sad.

We have the beautiful liberal vision of compassionate doctors 'helping' poor women, and then we have Dr. Gosnell. Dr. Gosnell is the reality.  All abortion doctors kill unborn children.  They are just less gross about it.

It's really more disturbing than this snippet of an article can relay.  The original articles describe what a monster he and his "clinic" personnel really were.

So according to our precious law, your fetus, is not human minutes before they are born and therefore can be terminated. This is a "legal Procedure". But when the fetus, that magically becomes human minutes after it is delivered, when killed is called "murder". I am trying to grasp the hypocrisy here.Michael, You need to research what your being "pro-choice" means today. Late term abortions are legal and being done in several states and have been for years. It's the dirty little secret of the abortion industry. The mother's cervix is dilated over a period of 3 days and the baby is pulled out by it's feet and with the head still inside the spinal cord is severed or the scissors opens a whole in the back of the neck and the brain is sucked out. Either way kills the baby. Another late term abortion is done with an injection being put directly into the babies heart which kills it and then the mother delivers a dead baby. Thousands of these types of so called late term abortions have been done in our country and continue. Dr. Leroy Carhart is currently being investigated for the death a mother in Maryland who he performed this procedure on. There are four abortionists here who perform these murders. This is the slippery slope we have been on since abortion was legalized in this country. Take a look at the Roe v Wade law as it was passed and look at what we are doing now. How long do you think it will be before we are killing toddlers? P.S. I use the term "mother" very loosely.

Life, according to all medical and scientific evidence, begins at conception. Why is that so hard for some to understand?

Who cares...it's just children we are talking about right...what rights do they have anyway? I mean it's all about a woman's "rights" so lets not be too harsh on the old guy.

This isn't an article about pro-life vs pro-choice, so all you finger pointers; take it to your church basments and let the law work it's magic.

this man is no better than the so called doctor's in the Nazi Death Camps. I hope they find him guilty.

I cannot read this #$%$ anymore. Yahoo and the world has given us such joy to wake up to this morning, from the Ca man caught with porn, drugs and a baby in a grocery store bathroom, to the seventy something grandmother that is on trail for murdering her grandson that harrassed and abused her, to the woman that is on trail for murder because her baby died when she tried to commit suicide, to this. Why are we upset when someone takes a rifle and shoots as many of us as possible? That is what we all deserve and why the world should have ended and why so many of us wanted  it to end. I want to go live in the woods away from all of you. Why would ANYONE want to bring a baby into this world?

Abortion is abortion - if the fetus is 1 week old - or 35 weeks old. It is also legal. If the woman came in - asked for an abortion - signed the forms - paid for the procedure etc . . then I don't get what this is about - unless it is a "red state political theater" thing going on.

I don't know if there is a devil or not but if there is I hope he goes straight to hell and there are all kinds of baby devils torture him for eternity.

Life is a GOD Gift...Babies is  GOD Gift...If we don't want, we  can avoid...We are 21 Century...No  excuse for Murder and  Murder with  TORTURE!!!

That is Murder.  Murder of   Innocents, GOD  Gift.  How can a Human do that with  your baby, if  they  don't want babies, they have all things  to avoid, but, kill is what  they doing...The  Hell  wait for them...What was so graphic about this story? I disagree on late term abortions, if the baby is healthy than it should be born and put up for adoption not killed. Now if the fetus is a product of incest or rape than it should be terminated asap. If tests prove the fetus will have brain damage and is severly deformed than it should be allowed to be terminated too. We need more healthy babies not deformed and damaged ones.

This is a perfect example of why abortion should be 100% legal and the government and pro-life wackos should mind their own business.  The people responsible for forcing women to go to this type of clinic should be charged for the murders.  Every women deserves the right to make decisions regarding her own body and allowed access to qualified doctors and clean, sterile, and safe hospital facilities.

smh

One word--DISGUSTING! What I don't understand is how this man and his employees could go home and carry on with their lives [outside of work] like nothing ever happened, like it's no big deal. It's a sick, sick world we live in. This story sounds like something out of a concentration camp ran by Josef Mengele the "angel of death".

May that poor woman and those innocent babies rest in peace.

They should all get the death penalty for killing innocent babies. What is going on in Philadelphia?

its a headlines maker, thats all where was williams when he wasnt da and where are the mothers that came to him with THEIR PROBLEM

So where are all the comments from the Pro Choice at ANY Time, for ANY reason folks. I see there doing the thumb down routive, but no comments??? Where are the RIGHTS of THESE WOMEN????? Or is it just about Choice to make $$$$ for the Abortion Lobby???

Murderer! Atrocity! Baby killing advocated by the folks who love animals, cry about "saving the planet", wring their hands about the rights of homosexuals, and are so intolerant of anybody who disagrees with them they are labeled "stupid", a "nazi", or "hateful".

so the baby is born crying,sucking its thumb,eyes open, arms reaching out and he severs the spinal cordNo wonder God has turned his back on America!

Thomas Jefferson had it all wrong, all men are NOT created equal. I am a person my neighbors can let it their home, in their absence, to let their dog out. Friends and Family can trust their little ones with me. I am better than the doctor and his young patients referred to in this article. They are subhuman and have the conscience of a pack of hyenas. But, who am I to judge. Live and Let Die, Baby!!

They were all coloreds, we assume...?

Who among us would choose to be aborted so your Mother could be happier wthout you ?, or so you would not face a childhood of possible poverty ?

In black communities, abortions should be permitted up to 15 years old.

Gotta love those liberals.

This is just a political lynching of a black man. Case closed.

Kill your baby.  Or better yet, have your doctor do it for you.  You'll feel better.

true americat, and why are the babies in a freezer? trace the money, fetal transplants?

Am I late for the joint KKK/Christian coalition meeting?Anyplace that murders unborn babies IS a house of horrors.

Liberal agenda running without controls

You pompous #$%$ out there need to visit one of these inner city clinics and see some of the crack babies and their abnormalities.  Many of these babies wouldn't survive and if they did they would be wards of the state with horrible birth defects.  This article is slanted and so are many of the opinions being offered.  Many of you holier than thou pro-lifers are living in a fantasy world and need to open your eyes or go out and volunteer at one of these clinics.

I agree that it's horrible, but for those who are pro-choice and still don't like what they have read, the only difference between a 40 week gestation (full-term) and a 3 week gestation is time.  No new DNA, nothing but time and nutrition.  The difference between your 1 year old child and your grandpa is essentially the same--time and nutrition.  Why does a difference of time make it right or wrong to sever the spinal cord?

I love how these anti-abortion nuts are always talking about the sactity of life but once these babies are born they want nothing to do with them. They dont want them to recieve any financial aid, wic, or help pay for their education. The only time these right wing nuts show an interest in these kids is when they're old enough to be handed a rifle and go fight their #$%$ wars.

back when they sold the u.s. on this travesty they said making it legal would get rid of "back alley abortions" and make it safer for the women... he didn't even hire someone qualified enough to administer the correct amount of drugs w/o killing the woman.  this doesn't seem like anything has changed. oh, except for now we've killed off a huge percentage of the next generation. :(

So kill it in the womb, its a women's choice. Kill it outside, It's murder???

Give him the death penalty; sever his spinal cord with a pair of scissors -- or a spoon.

If possession is 9/10ths of the law , who owns the womb ?What function does the womb have in the  life of the Mothers bodyShould the fetus be stopped fro moving into its womb or should te fetus be evicted after taking possession of the womb ?

If it was cancer, they would say it is alive!The obvious problem here is that a doctor like Gosnell is causing another round of absurd policy-making. If a bad doctor performed heart surgery, we wouldn't allow religious extremists and other nuts to ban the procedure (well, maybe we would in these times!). Abortion, including late-terms, need to be legal and safe. There are necessary safeguards that need to remain in place, just like in every other profession.

Some would still justify this behavior merely by stating that the unborn, fully developed fetus is a choice. I can't imagine the pain these beautiful children feel as they are being snipped or sucked apart in the womb.

The GOVERNMENT SHOULD BE HELD RESPOSIBLE for this. They're the ones pushing for abortion.

No surprise.  There are affirmative action blacks in power who cannot even write.

Everyone should go watch "3801 Lancaster" on YouTube. It is a 21-minute documentary on this clinic and the women who received abortions there.

this man deserves the death penalty. or life in prison, and then put in with the general prison population.

Why just one baby killer? Countless of innocent babies are killed daily. One should know if your going to have sex use protection. There are many human sociaties that protect dogs, cats, wildlife and  there no one to speak for these innocent babies that are slaughtered every single day. Who figures.

My GOD have mercy on these babies that are being killed by the parents and doctors,these little angels we will see one day. The parents and doctors will find themselves in the lake of fire.

What fine fruitage the Sexual Revolution has produced!

If you don't want an abortion don't get one ... now shut up and sit down or move to IranRead the report. There was a fish tank in the office and the fish were fed pieces of fetuses

Men kill hopes and dreams.

less kids for priests to molest.

This is what abortion is folks.  You voted for it.

Turns my stomach. But what turns it even more is that this jagoff is so old that by the time the trial is over, the guilty verdict is delivered and all the appeals are gone through, this old jagoff won't probably live long enought to ever see the needle.

God take us home.

Am I missing something??? What about the mother's responsibility in all this.  If she knows what he is doing to perform a late term abortion then shouldn't she be on trial also?

Apparently, he didn't take the Hippocratic Oath (first do no harm). 47 fetuses in the freezer, perhaps he was going to sell them as cadavers.

This just makes me sad and angry.These precious babies could have been given homes with parents who would have cherished them. I don't  know why I punish myself by reading this disgusting #$%$. Morbid curiosity.

This so called doctor is #$%$.As is always, I ask "When does "Life" begin, as a "Single Cell" which then divides or is it when it is able to converse with you?"  For many, "Abortion" is convenient!!  How proud we are of you and your delicate sensibilities....murder anyone?

I hate Liberals.

Dr. Gosnell's staff said that they were ordered to sever the spinal cord of babies that were moving and crying.

Google pro life America  or read lime five. This is more common than what we think.

Dr. Mengele is alive and well. hang the son of a #$%$ and save the taxpayers money.

This is the most disgusting atrocity I have ever read about. I'm 6 mos preg now and every time I feel my baby move I feel like the luckiest woman in the world. Lock him up and throw away the key.

im pro choice but i could never have an abortion myself. I have two beautiful children that i felt kick and move at 24 weeks. This is completely sick....

gross

One of the most dishonest and evil arguments in favor of abortion is that if they were illegal some people would still get them.  It's true, of course.  However, when virtually unrestricted abortion was legalized, California had five thousand legal abortions the first year, which is almost certainly no more than the illegal abortions there the year before.  Now they have fifty times as many.We might get similar results if we legalized murder and rape.  It is not an argument for doing so.

Where are all the thug liberals and Jesse Jackson wannabes? Shouldn't they be upholding this guy as the gold standard of liberalism?sick.........

wow pro lifer porn!!!

This is what the good Christian Taliban want to return to. I'llegal and un-controlled just like the 50's and 60's and before. Make no mistake. This is what these Cristian's wants Armerica to return to. Back ally abortions !

47 fetuses in a freezer, reminds me of south park when cartman had all those fetuses and he was trying to sell them for stem cell research, these are grade A premium fetuses

There's a special place in hell for murderers of innocent children.

It is not murder if a woman seeks out a MD to do this procedure.  Lawyers really goover the top with their choice of words.  Leave the guy alone. He performed a wanted service.  Ifthe woman went to some filthy clinic she would have been left dead on the floor. That is how it was in the 1960.s.

Abortion is a Constitutional RIGHT just like the Right to bear Arms.  People should take advantage of ALL their Constitutional RIGHTS!  Do you agree?

Please let this not be true.

A woman should know if she wants a baby. If she doesn't want a baby get the abortion as soon as possible, not 4 months latter. I say, charge the mother too if she waited until she was 6 months along.

Really people of this once great country, how much farther can we fall...I do consider myself pro choice. However there is a big difference between making the decision to get an abortion at 3 months as opposed to 6 months. During the first trimester it isn't a baby yet, it's just a glob of tissue. I don't agree with abortion because there are lots of people who want babies but can't have them, and adoption should be a first choice but I get it, and I would never criticize a woman for her choice to not go through with the pregnancy. But at 6 months along the baby has organs, and starts to hear, and have senses. It is murder at that point, you should have gotten an abortion much earlier if that is the choice you wanted to make. At that far along they should just have the baby and give it up for adoption. It sickens me that there are doctors out there who will cater to this immoral, illegal practice because they are just in it for the money. He should fry. I got pregnany at 17, and had my baby at 18. I did not get an abortion. I wanted to have kids after she got older and when I was more ready. However I can't now, I'm infertile. At least I have the one I had, and even though it has been a hard struggle I love her and an the best mom I can be. If I had gotten the abortion like my mom wanted I would be childless.

We used to have that problen in Kansas, but Dr. George Tiller died of "lead poisoning", good riddance......who's next?

Wow, what a horrendous story!  It's good that this doctor wasn't religious or he just might have performed abortions like god &amp; used a sword.HOSEA 13:16 Because Israel had rebelled, a wind from the Lord would blow in. They "will fall by the sword; their little ones will be dashed to the ground, and their pregnant women ripped open."

Just what liberals want. You can't have a 30 round magazine but you can legally run a slaughterhouse for children and collect federal tax dollars to do it.

Please show me where the constitution says there is a right to have an abortion.  Saying it does NOT make it so.

No matter how gruesome, its STILL a woman's choice between her and her doctor.

As a woman there is to me nothing so offensive as calling this my empowerment. It is an insult to my femininity. You can have my stupid frickin' right to vote, I don't want it anymore - look what we've done with our freedom.

This is mild compared to what an Abortion does. Think of a baby being droped into a blender. Your upset by facts not the act itself if this makes you unformfortable. Let's call the procedure the Dr is labeled to have commit, Nerfing. So this man is being lynched for Nerfing. The only time a man can abort is when he dons a scrub suit after being licensed by the state and a decade in college, where as any woman can kill the baby at anytime in vag. Let Men Nerf by keeping your noses out of our Reproductive Rights.Women have no right to limit our bloodlust after all Women have killed 100 million babies legally since 1973, for any woman to object would be dishonest at best. Let by brother Nerf and maybe one day all men can nerf with out fear or having to resort to back alley nerf. When did you monsters take such anger and hatered at a constitutional right. Right wing anti-Nerf Pigs is what this slave is facing.When will we evlove into fair intellectual adults and allow this most basic of needs woman have yet men don't: Nerfing. Thank you ladies and Gentlemen of the ethos.

obamas favorite place ie he legalized it the first thing he did when elected

I am officially disgusted.   Also kind of appalled because I thought that 12 weeks was the standard in pretty much all states for abortion.  24 seems quite far along.Those hotties at____bubida____are tempting!!!

In black markets we give abortions to the ninth month very often, Black markets are all over the world. people remember Black markets are not Just Eastern Europe thing, because black markets are pratically in every nation. So good luck stopping us all.remember Ninth month abortions happen al the time....

Sounds like a libturd Halloween Party! We have to cut them some slack. Don't we?

Abortions in the USA is a modern day holocaust!  All you demented pro-choice baby killers are simply put, "demented baby killers".

the first thing obama did when elected was to legalize late term abortions ie the wholesale murder of babies no mater how you look at it it is murder sanctioned by pharaoh and herod and obamalike i said the very first order he signed off on the anti christ is alive and in the white house

he is helping with population.  any women that has an abortion is saving the child from being a welfare recipient

Sounds like he was not a legitimate doctor. Death penalty!!!!

How can anyone be a part of this kind of abuse...we do not allow that with animals but this monster did it to innocent babies. Murderers  all those who worked there. Birth control should be available everywhere because women need to protect themselves much more easily from unwanted preganancies but also there should be signage everywhere stating that help is available if you wish to have the baby and give him/her up for adoption. I certainly hope all the women who went there also were sterilized at the same time so they could not/would not ever get pregnant again! No excuse to wait that long, and very little excuse for these women to get pregnant. Only a very very few pregnancies are a result of rape so these women at this stage of their pregnancies knew what was happening. Disgusting, disturbing and very very sad!

Sounds like an awful lot of racist, anti-choice bigots in here.

You can't judge the guy by the pregnancies he terminated or what those things might have become if they'd been born alive.  Some of those might have become the next Jeffrey Dahmer, or he might have saved humanity from the next Hitler.It sounds like we have a bunch of ultra-religious, right-winged, anti-choice, bigots in here.  You should all be reported for hate crimes.I think when 8 other defendants plead guilty that says it all. I personally think the women who came to the clinic should be sent to prison.Abortion at any time is just as wrong and I don't care how much you say you believe it is the woman's choice, deep down in your heart you know it is murder. You know it!There are going to be thousands of women, men and doctors standing before God someday pleading guilty and sent to hell, where the belong, unless they have regretted it and asked for forgiveness.It makes me sick how many innocent little lives have been snuffed out. These are little human beings who could be alive now, enjoying life, as everyone should have a right to do.