I wouldn't think that a nude beach in Wisconsin would be much of a problem in March...the lakes are still frozen and there's 3 feet of snow on the ground!!

Talk about shrinkage!

Society is so messed up with their thinking, its okay show bodies being hacked to pieces, blown to bits, dismembered and tortured, but god forbid a nipple might be exposed, Oh noooo, shield little johnnies eye's.

Maybe the police just like to hang around more during the week.

A friend of mine had to deliver a letter there, we had it in our mind that everybody looked like Chris O:donnell and Pamela Anderson, he said they looked more like Rosie O"donnell and Louie Anderson.

Years ago I remember going to a nude beach here in So Cal. Believe me, it wasn't like a naked 'Bay Watch' or anything like that! Rather, a bunch of people whose bodies you'd rather 'not' see without their bathing suits!

Its Mid March  I would not think that there is a lot going on, on that beach in WISCONSIN right now. BURR.....

Never fails, somebody with authority decides they don't like what you do and it becomes a personal vendetta to stop you in the name of public good.

Typical government response.  They can't or won't stop crime, so they just punish everyone.

People getting nude, having sex, doing drugs...sounds like people doing what they want to do for pleasure.  Not a single report of fights or injury that I could find.  Sounds like government officials desperately looking for an excuse to watch naked people do what they wish they were doing.

What kinds of drugs? Are people smoking pot, easting shrooms, snorting coke, or selling heroin &amp; meth? People will just find other place for drug deals. Being naked just means you're sure the other guy isn't wearing a wire or has a concealed weapons. I'll bet they're really cracking down because everyone who strips down is so fugly.Nothing shall arise, get it?

"Warden arrest reports tell graphic stories of oral sex and mutual masturbation"    See what happens when masturbation gets out of hand????

I only get laid on weekends anyway...... no problem.Too busy working two job during the week.

WHAT ???? Say it ain't so, Joe.........Sex and a nude beach...who would have guessed.

Once the bare facts are released, we'll know the naked truth.

92 citation in 4 years?   Real big problem you got there once every two weeks..

You know what I find so comical about this ??? There are some people who should never, never be seen in public in the nude. Me included....................................................................

We can Kill Babies but don't do drugs or have sex, We can smoke pot in some states but they are trying to ban Guns in other States, #$%$ is wrong with this country, Why is it so messed up?

"No, Officer.  We are here for the Submarine races.  UP PERISCOPE!!!!  BOINGGGG"

they wont say it,,,but the homosexuals were taking it over....lewd behavior,,,"Of the 92 citations wardens issued for disorderly conduct or drugs in the beach area between 2008 and 2012, 83 were given on weekdays, he said."Do the math people. That's 23 citations a year, or about 2 a month. And that is so bad that the beach needs to be closed down?

hey, that's not a snorkle

"oral sex and mutual masturbation."  NOT from what I have seen at nude beaches, In 40 years, I've never seen anything like that...

So making them wear a bit of clothe will prevent them from having sex and taking drugs?

Officer Buelah Ballbricker has been an eye witness to such lewdness and can identify that tallywacker, it had a mole and Wisconsin cheese on it.

wheres the pics

So they set up surveillance to make the bust. No actual complaints. And if you are gonna ban The other two you might as well throw in Rock N Roll.

I wish this story had some of those lewd stories they mentioned ...

I say keep it open between November 1 and February 28.

Drugs at a nude beach? Must be CRACK!I've never been to a nude beach but it sounds like a lot of fun.

Last time I checked it was still friken cold in Wisconsin, not an ideal location for a nude anything.

When I was a hippie (I retired) in the late 60's in northern California we used to sunbathe nude on a river and the sheriffs were on the opposite bank with binoculars. Your tax dollars at work. I can't remember the name of the River or the towns on it. Hum?

Is this where all the big d ongs r?

Move along, people, nothing to see here...

Americans are so uptight. Nudity is a beautiful &amp; natural thing. There should be more places like that. To lie about nude in the sand smoking a weed is considerably better than smoking crack in the hood with everyone packing heat, tweaking out.

The Black Book of Communism attributes one hundred million deaths in the 20th Century to totalitarian systems that were wonderfully freed from the opiate of the masses.

A naked romp deep in the forest with poison ivy has its risks.

Damn not Nudey Beach ,That sucks

Boo hiss!!!Shocking!Only 92 citations in a 4 year period! What is a hard-working voyeur to do?

The average city writes ten times that number of citations in a single day. I smell religious interference and persecution here. 92 citations in a four year period  can hardly be considered excessive by any cities standards.

nudist from around the country means GAY MEN, same problem outside portland

Sounds like fun...

They couldn't be happy just smokin a pole, they had to go and smoke a pipe too, and ruin it for everybody : (

Why anyone would want to walk around naked while other people look at you is beyond me...then to have sex and do drugs is really disgusting. Yuck!

Wis. limits use of nude beach to reduce sex, drugsWow.  That will tick off Alyssa Milano....if you all know the 1999 story...

Wisconsin in March,, what about Shrinkage!

Wisconsin, you've got to be kidding? You'd be freezing those extremities off!

It's spring break, I should go there on Saturday. I don't do drugs though.heathens!!!

a bunch of genius's running that bunch, it's been there since 1949. within the time frame of  2008-2012 only 92 citations wow, really disruptive, 20 tickets at year, whooooo!.  In the middle of the woods!  why not stay at the source within the city.  NOTHING ELSE TO DO, GOVERNMENT AT ITS FINEST.

they closed all the rest areas ...almost in Illinois also,,,,it was a hang out for Homosexual.s..swishing aorund....

I guess the union libs will have to go somewhere else for their #$%$

Gays ?

Well there goes my summer plans.

I'm suing Yahoo for ruining myB  one_R.  joke.

where are the pictures?

Never figured Wisconsin of all places would have such a place. It's too cold there most of the year....except between May-September. Must be all those idiots from Chicago. They like to come to Iowa and be idiots too:-(

Bummer....a fun place.A cost saving measure would be to plant patches of poison ivy, oak and sumac in the underbrush and surrounding areas where they're getting busy.It won't only be the word that gets spread around.

NOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooSometimes you'll see Paul Ryan there in a trench coat, hat with binoculars :O

yep, just keep passing them laws against tax payers.  So what if someone wants to sneak off into the woods when no one is around for a quickie for to smoke a bowl.  Who is it hurting?  Why not have those same cops out looking for drunk drivers instead of someone having sex?

if I had to watch fat people having sex I would do drugs too

Going to stop drugs and sex are they? Why don't they fix education, healthcare, corruption, warmongering, police brutality, racial inequality and a host of other problems? What elected people (all of them, everywhere) spend time, money and energy one is beyond the pale.

if they are unseen who cares? sounds like somebody is jealous they wernt invited

And European beach-goers point and laugh. . . .

I'm getting a chubby..........

at a nude beach all guys know where north is

these are your obumba voters.....leave them alone....Sounds more like a gay bar then a sand bar.

"With all of the skin has come sex and drugs"----translation; "the nudity is offending our fragile, bible-thumping sensibilities, so we'll cite drugs and debouchery to close it down, even though it might  not actually be occurring that much". Yeah, it's open on the weekends...for now. But I bet it won't be for much longer.

what a buzz kill

Was there any actual violent crime being committed?  It seems to me that there wasn't any actual crime being committed, but behavior that government wants suppressed for some odd reason or another (religion anyone?) is being punished.If there were violent crimes being perpetrated (muggings, rapes, murders, assaults, burglary, etc.) then I can see that something needs to be done.  But if the only crime is that of upsetting some blue nosed blue haired old bitty, then I feel that tax dollars are being wasted on enforcing victimless crimes when real bad guys are getting away with murder, literally.This is just another reason why law enforcement and laws in general are totally out of touch with reality.  The mores and beliefs of the horse and buggy era are no longer copacetic  with modern living.Religion and government need to butt out of our private lives.

I thought sex on the beach was a drink

The article says "Their frustration reached a tipping point Tuesday, when the state Department of Natural Resources announced it will close the beach, the islands immediately off it and the surrounding woods to the public on weekdays, when wardens say troublemakers tend to operate unseen."  Did you notice the use of the word "unseen"???   It also said "The DNR closed another 70 acres around the beach last spring, but Kroeplin said it hasn't stopped people from cruising the beach parking lot on weekdays, when relatively few people are around to complain."  Did you notice the use of the words "few people"?  When will radical conservatives acknowledge that under our clothes EVERYONE is naked, NO ONE would be here w/o two others having had sex, and nudity is only dirty when their perverted minds deems it as such????

Positively stupid. Seventy thousand a year visit the place. In five years they gave out 92 tickets (5* 70,000 = 350K 92/350K = .00026) certainly not a significant number to worry about. They had to chase those perpetrators though the woods. It must have been cold for those wardens out there in the dark Wisconsin outback snuggling together in one of those two man tent blinds with nothing but one set of night vision goggles to keep them warm. Go to Chicago, sex, drugs, naked people and even a few dead ones, everything nasty in Wisconsin, is available in one alley day and night. Does anybody want to talk about virtues of LA, Atlanta, New York City, and Washington, DC? A lot more people should try communing with Mother Nature with a tryst amongst the trees occasionally. Just guessing of course, but my money is on the driveway passing within a couple of miles of some church, the sheriff is up for re-election, and the head warden is a closet Baptist. Anyway, that is how it works in Florida.

i did not have nude relations with that woman............

This is something worth occupying the Capital for, politicians get away with anything, Now their upset about some reefer smoking and turd packing on the beach. Which would be enough to keep me away to see homosexual action on the beach is that the problem? But different strokes for different folks. It appears to be a money maker with the tickets written Wisconsin needs CASH COWS. Ticket the place into being fit for all ages, locking up a recreational area just seems offensive to me!

Freedom and the pursuit of happiness... "Authorities" means nothing under freedomOH the horrors of people having sex in the woods!!!   LOL

"Sex and drug problems?"  So set up a designated area for that sort of thing (of course you'll have to stop prosecuting people for ingesting substances into their OWN bodies, first).  You're not going to stop it from happening just because you close one beach.  Only the government could be so stupid.

If these things bother the "wardens" so much a better solution would be for them to just stay away. And what a hideous name anyway... I also have to wonder how many firearms violations or any kind of violence has ever happed there. None you say?

Democrats couldn't figure out a way to tax sex on the beach.

more stupidity. always dictating and controlling everything. first of all like to know who is out there in the middle of winter? freezing your #$%$ of besides having sex. who is that stupid?for doing that i find a warm and cozy place NOT the middle of winter. this State does not have nice weather anyway so who in the right mind wants to freeze while making out. again controlfreaks at work nothing better to do.

Wasn't a whiny voiced cow with a Big Gulp just whining about too much Government infringing on our freedom the other day?

i did not know this place existed...oh well no need to go scar anyone for life..

Here in Iowa, we have a similar location. The only problem is (not knocking the LGBT community), but it draws a certain demographic in an area that is a little awkward to encounter, say when one is out hanging tree stands for deer season. Turns out, it's a popular place for gay men to go and be naked and cruise for "willing participants". One of my buddies found out the hard way- got propositioned, in which this dude approached him, asked him if he wanted to smoke weed and "knock boots" back in the woods. Pretty sure if a naked guy came up to me out of nowhere in the woods, I'd be inclined to pull my revolver on him. Just word to the wise- nothing against homosexuals- just there is certain level of common sense when engaging in said festivities. You might get your #$%$ shot off!!!

"They've been slipping off into the woods for trysts and drugs."  Which causes the American Ayatollahs to just freak. Remember when people talked of America as the land of Liberty?

Yes, need to shut down this nude beach immediately because I am sure it is teeming with naked Wisconsonian reprobates in this balmy month of March.Ban nekid people.

The way I look at it is you were BORN NAKED!! what's the BIG DEAL?(or little deal, whichever you may be!!!LOL!!!!)

.....all they have to do is arrest the bad actors, and leave the rest alone.......as they wud on any other public property.....!!!.......

"They've been slipping off into the woods for trysts and drugs."how dare they have fun!

what? no assault rifles involved!!!!! what the hell!!!!

A PICTURE is worth 1000 words!

How bad can it be.  Wisconsin is warm 3 months of the year, let them have a little fun before they have to go ice fishin again.

Yo, Phil ... you out there man?  Skeeter and I been trollin' for big tuna.  I miss you bro ... where you been?  Here fishy, fishy!

They have a beach in Wisconsin?

What in the world do you expect from human nature??? Come on folks...this is a "no brainer"i have lived in wisconsin for 30 years and this is the first i have ever heard of this beach. i had better get down there quick before they shut it down!

I'm pretty sure there is more sex and drug taking going on in the city.

90 citations over 4 years when up to 70,000 visit in the summer? 90 out of say 200,000 visitors over 4 years? One citation out of every 2,200 visitors.Every bar in the coun try has a higher citation rate. Should all bars be closed? How bout the citation rate for congresspersons? Close Congress?

When they have clothes on, they won't want to screw or get high any more--nudity is the new gateway drug, apparently.

The same Dane County Liberals will kick a kid out of school for bringing a squirt gun to school, but a nude beach with sex and drugs is ok.

the only problem with nude beaches is some of the people who go nude--------and should not.  I mean let's face it,,,,,,it is always the wrong people thse chose to undress,  usually fat people who really should never even go out in public, much less undressed.  Why can't people just like that stay home.    I never see any hot people at these beaches,,,,,just very undesirable people that have never seen the inside of a gym.   How sad for their families.

How do you have a nude beach without sex?   What do they think you're suppose to do at a nude beach? Swim?  You can't build sand castles with a #$%$.

#1) The sex is in the woods, not in public.#2) Pot isn't a big problemThey make I sound like porn stars smoking meth.The cops need to patrol the public areas and leave people alone.

Most of those people at the nude beach don't have the body to been seen naked. Most of them should hit the gym and lose the lbs.  Keep your clothes on, nobody wants to see all the rolls!!!

Puritan dogs.You Liberals need to make up your mind.  You tax for Planned Parenthood, but arrest for nudity?

Pics?

Good thing the liberals are shutting it down.  If the conservatives were in charge, they would set up a sex toy and lingerie shop on the sand bar, and then praise themselves for small, government, deregulation, and job creation.  Ho bags.

Gee, now where are the Republicans going to go in their spare time?

If you're going to go nude, why would you expect there to be no sex.  Isn't a kind of freer lifestyle we're talking about here?  As for drugs, I'll go naked, but have no desire for drugs.  Why they feel they have to mix the two is beyond me.

"no lewd and lascivious" What? The lewder and lasciviouer, the better. Where's the fun in being naked if there ain't no lewd and lascivious. I'd just as soon keep my pants on if there ain't gonna be nothing lewd and lascivious going on.

You can always rely on the social misfits and defects to screw up a good thing...

"Sex in the underbrush?!!!"Seriously?

I can't bare nudity.

Gov.Scott Walker often observes the activities,as  part of his official duties,on behalf of the State..Welcome to Wisconsin, home of the most unconstitutional laws in the world

Oh, so giving an inch does lead to taking a mile.

Maybe they could outlaw 'fun' while they're at it.

These people should be left alone.   The authorities are only grasping at straws when they complain about drugs.  Let the natural bodies out!

So less than 20 citations a year according to the article.  And this is something even worth worrying about?

The wardens are obviously some sort of perverts to wait and watch to issue citations. Really their time(the dnr) might be spent somewhere else. So now the dnr in their stupidity closes the area so no one can use the area for less than sight seeing like the dnr was using the area for? The taxpayers and citizens own the "dnr" land and should fire the wardens that were issuing citations as they violated privacy!

How can this be a nude beach since it is still winter------------

Just make them wear condoms

I was just getting ready to go naked ................

What's the problem? A nude beach in Wisconsin is only open 3 weeks out of the year.  June, July, and August barely average 80 degrees and those are also the rainiest months. Plus most of the nudist are old people that you definitely don't want to see nude.I was going to go there for my vacation, but I don't have anything to wear.

The whole nude women, sex, and mary jane just stink of freedom. Ain't nobody got time for no freedom!

Man, they never show pictures of these places...nothin to see here folks....put yer clothes back on....

why would a cop want to do the job he's paid for when he can call for backup. Cops are at their best i a warm coffee shop screwing he owner.

Do they have much business in the winter?  Must be some desperate nudists.

I'm Just Sayin': With all the skin has come sex and drugs. Warden arrest reports tell graphic stories of oral sex and mutual masturbation. Okay, I can't see a man &amp; woman mutually grabbing there packages let alone orally copulating outside of Madison in the freakin winter during the week! The majority of you will get what I'm thinking, again a minority of people [class] will blow it for everyone.

So once again the law abiding people are refused their rights because of the Police's inability to or refusal to enforce the law on criminals.Kind of sounds like gun control instead of crime control.

Actually I think there should be a place, be it the beach or somewhere else that people who want casual sex could go and enjoy it openly and safely. Somewhere that is regulated for disease control and monitored for security. Where people can go and enjoy specific sexual activities with other consenting adults. I realize that's usually what society calls a swingers club, but I think it should be taken even further so it's not such and underground uncertain situation where you have no idea what to expect. Prostitution should be legalized and regulated as well. Let's face it, some people, usually men enjoy the thrill of having sex with a complete stranger especially one who is highly skilled at sex. And people should have the freedom to have sex whenever they feel like it even if they have to pay for it. There are millions of lonely men who rarely if ever have the joys of having sex and they should have the freedom to pay a prostitute for sex in a safe and disease free establishment. Just like marajuana, it could be taxed and could create billions of dollars of revenue for the government and in turn ease the tax burden for American taxpayers. Go ahead and reply with all the self righteous comments and disgust at my ideas, but admit it, people are going to want and need to have sex. Societies rules and laws only make it difficult or impossible for people to enjoy a god given pleasure. He created us with a very strong sex drive (for procreation of course, I know I know) but the sex drive controls us whether we are trying to procreate or not. We should have the freedom to satisfy the urges that God designed us to have. I can't wait to hear the replies to my comments. Woah LOOK OUT!!!!

What kind of nut would want to be totally nude on a beach anyways? I mean sand getting in all the wrong places. If people want to make some kind of nutty statement, do it some other way.

I know how to cut down on the arests for both sex and drugs.Leave them alone. If you don't see it, it isn't a problem.Can't ban guns but we can close one nude beach the NRA wins, liberals lose!

So stupid, cops have to ruin everything....

only nasties go to nude beaches

so stupid... america is so backwards in its thinking. like a nude beach is the "cause" of sex and drugs lol, freaking political idiots must be getting paid good by the religious right!

Well it matters if the sex was nonconsensual, other than that it's what happens on a nude beach. The drugs however are a real problem and the real reason for shutting it down.

I'll bet the wadens hated for the beach to close. cut off their live porn

who cares?  they are consenting adults. victimless crimes.

Maybe it's time to let adults go wild in restricted areas, private property, to engage in the debauchery of their choice and let the consequences fall where they will?!! As long as they arenot doing it in public and have no children to speak of...they can end their lives at will, withoutinterference by the general public?!! If booze, drugs and sex, is all you care about, why not letadults make their own beds and sleep in them at their own peril?!!

It seems like the people that go to nude beaches are usually fat and ugly.  Why is it that they have all the confidence?

I wonder if they've had a problem with people being shot? It's hard to conceal a gun when you're not wearing any clothes.No surprise.  All the waysides in Wisconsin have also been closed in the last twenty years for the same reason park rangers are so busy in our state forests.  Homosexual men just can't control themselves and have to use our public lands for their disgusting trysts.

Good Lord!  Soon it will be MANDATORY for women AND men to cover their breastes... (lol)  How bout "tops".

One of the most popular nude beaches in the country is in.......WISCONSIN?!!  Who would of thought?

I was on my way there, too.  Nudes, nudes!  How I love nudes.  I hear they have a Souse Beach, too, just like Miami.You got to be kidding!!  WISCONSIN for sex and nude beaches!  Then Miami must be known for its' cheeses.

i bet tiger and lindsey vonn paid them to close it so they could have it all to themselves

who cares about weekdays anyway.  most of the sex, drugs, and rock n roll is on the weekends.  we work during the week to pay for the weekend!!!

Government uses naked aggression in beach closing.

The people at nude beach, I don't want to see naked.

sounds like a normal day in  washington d.c. on capital hill !

Cheeseheads is fine to see, but cheesebodies should be against the law..Simple solution:  Seed the water with Mosquito larvae and the woods with ticks.

Sex &amp; drugs, outdoors, while nude,....sounds like the DEFINITION of 'recreation'.

yep....That's the Wisconsin GOP for you....thanks Gov. Walker

Mutual masturbation in the woods? Big fricking deal. I've done it several times. So since when did this become a crime. And furthermore ..... wait ..... wait ..... hold on  a minute ..... you mean somebody else had to be there too? Oh #$%$! Never mind, then. Wrong post. Wrong Blog. My bad!!

They should only let it be open in the winter, that would cut down on some of the problems.

Why do  liberals always seem so shocked with the unintended consequences of some idiotic law or policy they dream up?  Naive, stupid, ignorant...combination of all three?

Lets see, push it out of where you know its going on and can control it (to a degree) to the general public areas where you don't have a clue or any control.  Makes perfect sense.

Not for me but to each his own if they are of age. But if you have nude kids and teens in the midst of adults? THE ADULTS ARE PERVS!

Lib freaks.

Legalize weed already!republicans....they hate us for our freedom.

I bet 99% of the sex in the woods was #$%$.

Suppose to be a high of 20 degrees there today. Takes a real man to run around nude in that kind of weather.

good information

Just move it to where it belongs: Madison campus.Make the ultra Liberals eat their own lunch.

Is Kate Upton here?

It seems like more sex was going on in catholic churches these past several years than at that beach. Are they gonna close the churches, too?

Dang...What are my wife and I gonna do on weekdays now?

someday we will RISE UP against the man

I've been to this beach 4 or 5 times. I've never seen anyone having sex there. The wooded area is pretty far from the water. If people are having sex, they are discreetly going some place where they can't be seen . So who cares. Surely local authorities have more important things to do with their timethe beach is fine arrest people having sex and doing drugs nudity is not a crime

A beach in Wisconsin?

I just have one question. Where is the rock and roll in this story?

I was planning on hang out there come Monday thru Friday, damm.

Why can't they just be like the rest of us and have sex at regular beaches? lol

wow i swear to god man now a days it pretty much a crime for the average american male to get laid.

just laying out the bare facts

well why the hell would i want to live in wisconsin then

Oral sex and mutual masturbation?  I'm guessing there's a GAY spin here.

Give new meaning to the" strip" search for the dope?I'd think people WITH pockets would be able to hide drugs better.

"...most violations happen on weekdays, when fewer people are around to police each other's behavior." At least they recognize how hard some of the other nudists work to discourage this kind of thing.

At

i lived within 10 miles of that beach, i think mostly gay men hang out there. the people in madison that want to shut the beach down need to look in thier own city. there is a park that was almost closed down because of the sex that was happening daily in the park when children were present. it was on the new's alot. so dane county when you point a finger at sauk county there are three pointing back at you. and shame on the D N R for hiding in the woods and spying on gay men having sex, at least thier going into the woods and no children are around. and there are far more important things for them to worry about

There go the sick gays again - ruining a good time for everyone else.

I live in Wisconsin and I never knew, maybe it is best I didn't

One would think that famed NYC cableTV star Ugly George would get mad @ this latest shredding of our Constitution by Big-Govt. Liberals in the name of 'protecting' pure citizens from "Evil", i.e. nudes. But no, said UG agrees that Americans are really Dumb Peasants who absolutely NEED a Czar to rule their lives from Crib to Grave-or else total CHAOS. And if the Czar's Ministers suck Billions out of our paychex every Friday-UG is on his knees bowing &amp; worshiping &amp; obeying them; aren't YOU?

Are people being serious about this...its a nude beach what do you expect!!

So when will we shut dwn the RNC &amp; DNC clubs right the use of drugs are OK for our leaders,kinda like sex with any one that in their eyes looks good, male,female,trans or aminal.

Been there!!! I noticed no sex or drugs.What if they took an alternative approach and simply designated a certain portion of the beach for nude swimmers?  Baring yourself in a pristine, natural setting should not be a crime;  nevertheless, nude gatherings shouldn't be used as a convenient excuse to do drugs.

It's part of the sequester.  The shenanigans and immoral behavior typical occurs at the State Capitol during the week.  They just go to the beach on the weekend, so why have it open?  Brilliant fiscal policy really...

Yep, once again the #$%$ have ruined it for everyone else. We need to rid America of this filth once and for all.

"Everything we've done has not made any difference."Couldn't have said it better myself.

IF YOUR AREA CALLS FOR IT,then might want to keep it.otherwise it will just move.CLEARLY your area is in need of it.

#$%$ blockers

I use to bike by here 5 days a week on a 75 mile bike ride I did back when i was young. It was great on a hot day (and they do get them in Wisconsin on July and August) to be able to take a dip and cool down without having to get  the bike shorts wet. Never really stayed long,  but I never saw any sex or drugs. Sad to hear what it's turned into.

Hm..which 'drugs' I wonder? I'm sure it's crack and heroin and pcp lol.

the guy must be working too hard, LOL, between 2008 and 2012, 83 were given on weekdays, 20 a full season on week days.   not even one a day if you have a 90 day season per year. Hmmm

these places, you sell drugs.OK, so it's nude beach if your feeling uncomfortable or cold i'm sure they're are plenty of other beaches without balls or boobs to go to... BTW sand in your butt crack does not feel comfortable I can't speak for the Woman...

When they want to close a Nude beach , They use the Drug Tactic to close it . 9Times out of 10 theres not much drugs at those places . The deal is they just don't want anyone doin anything different , they didn't seem to mention rather it was gay or not ?

What?! No videos or pics of the nude beach?!  Yahoo is a total hypocrite.

leave it alone.  the president and hillybilly and the gang will make it do-able next term!

Sounds like the cops and wardens just like spying on people and getting payed for it.

A nudist never has to hold out his hand to see if it is raining.

Its still 11 degrees F here. I don't think shutting down a nude beach today is a top priority.

Trust me folks. Most people in this world, you don't want to see nude.

Yep, we live in the land of the free all right.

Stock the park with pheasants and then have and then let the shotgunners in.70,000 peple a year go there and a total of 46 brake the law so for sure sute it down(dur) what a problem there arrest more than that on a saturday night at burger king

probably in our best interests not to see a nude Wisconsinite.

by drugs they mean the good old natural hippy medicine #$%$ :)

I lived in Wisconsin, trust me no one wants to see those cows naked

And nary a photo of the nude beach, let alone the nudes on the beach, great article....not!

HOW DARE LAW ENFORCEMENT NOT CONSULT THE BEACH GOERS!!!  (insert sarcasm here)  I think all law enforcement needs to ask a speeder if he/she would like a ticket before issuing it!  Bob Morton..go bob for guys apples! TOOL!!!!

wonder if it was mostly men

Nudism and naturism do not cause illegal behavior.  We are born nude.  Nudity is a very obvious basic state of being, and it is a basic right for Americans.

I betcha most convicted were gay.. they tend to be more "active" and wilder.

What a minute are you saying sex is going on at the nude beach?There is drugs on that nude beach too?What the heck is going on over there.Shut that place down already!so if you sneak off on tuesday shame on you , but saturday well have at it??

YEP AMERICA WHERE U R TOLD WHAT WHEN &amp; HOW TO DO IT EVEN AS A ADULTI mean cmon, they are on a NUDE BEACH, by woods, all adults, not bothering anyone, but they get surveillance on them for years!!! #$%$ (perverts) then u cut down some brush so they can be seen! (who is the pervert here? who is at wrong here? ) Then u fine and arrest some of them once u have made it where u can see them, I SAY LEAVE AMERICAN ADULTS ALONE &amp; GET A LIFE!

That's what you get when you get Republicans in legislatures or part of them; o.k. to show a gun but not o.k. to show titties. except if the titties were muchine gun titties.

Its like opening a crack house and hoping no crackheads would come in

Yes, and of course everybody knows nudity = drugs.

Is this Wisconsin or Nazi Germany?!

Sex drugs and rock n roll, party on

Now they want us to have sex with our clothes on. What if IT gets tangled up and jackknifed ?

Got to shut down congress too.... you know about those young men that get molested by """Guess who""..!!

i dont think its little Johnny theyre worried about..i think its more like Johnnys under-sexed and overly imaginative uncle Rob.Worry about the real problems.

Yep, This country is full of uptight prudes.

The only articles any more are about BANNING something some Id!ot mainly liberals are always whining and crying about something and wanting to Ban, ban, ban enough already with all the banning we do not live in a communist country.......

Good lord, Wisconsin's government once again showing to the world that they are the Arkansas of the Midwest.

i woulda guessed "crabs"...  woulda made a good headline