Why is this even an issue,provide him with food ,if he does not wish to eat it ,let him die.

so now he'll help plot future terrorist attacks. should have let him die and rot in hell. would have saved the world pain and spared lives of civilians.

I say he should stay on his hunger strike.  Don't give in!  Stay on it for at least 10 more years and then make a decision.  Maybe then stay on it for 10 more.  Come on.  Don't give up now.  Try and get the rest of the Palestinians to join you.

Eat.....Don't eat.  Who cares??

maybe i should go on one.

Typical Arab article written by an Arab journalist whose arithmetic if off or they really start early in that part of the world.

They should of let him starve to death.Gaza - what a joke.  They will let this sheethead out in a couple of months so that he can continue being a terrorist.  Next time - shoot to kill.

Don't do the crime if cant serve the time.  I'm sure that is written in the Koran somewhere.

I dont understand why authority has to negotiate with prisoners when they go on a hunger strike. It is their choice not to eat. They are not being denied food. let them die, Who cares.

"refusing food since last July" No human has ever survived 8 month of starvation, pure BS!quitter..

Feed a fever. Starve a cold.Feed a pala stinkian. Starve World Peace.

"while Israelis widely regard them as terrorists."So do I.

So did McDonald's have anything to do with this deal? Those chicken nuggets can be SOO persuasive...

"About 4,000 Palestinians are in Israeli prisoners"how is that possible?

Today Ayman Sharawneh is free. Tomorrow he will plot something else destructive and find himself back in prison. Just give him time.

Israel, you are the front line of these subhuman maggots...let them starve if they are that insistent...jihad supporting muslims are not worth the food they refuse

I hope the Israelis "leak" to hamas that he is a spy.

Tie a pork chop around their necks and see how long they last then.

Israel show mercy and the Islamic world only continues to teach it's children to hate.shoulda let him starve.. it was his choice

Next thing you hear he blew in a vest.

The article says the freed prisoner, Ayman Sharawneh, is 53. It then quotes his "pleased" 60 year-old mother, Zahra Sharawneh, Apparently, she was also pleased at age 7.

Palestinians declare a one-day fast? Boy, that'll sure shake up the world. Surely a one-day fast by the Palis is a monumental sacrifice that'll go down in history.Surely this'll cause the Israelis to come to Hamas begging on their knees. What a farce!

Give that man a burger! With bacon!

Israel should not release him. If he wants to die, let him. That's what he intended for Israeli citizens when he detonated a bomb.

There is no palastine just refugees from other arab countries trying to overthrow Israel. No matter how long arabs lie about that it wont change history or the truth

yes starve your self to freedom.  I guess it is a arab thing.

No more Goat sammiches!!! hooray

He refused food since last July and was still alive???!!!! They'd have had to feed him intravenously I assume. Human garbage like him should have be force fed bacon and pork cutlets ad nauseum ( no offense to pork eaters! )Continue the hunger strike!Don't give up!

They should confine him to a box underground for the next 1,000 years.

How stupid immagine if every prisoner around the world was let go just because they did not want to eat. What would be the point of a justice system.

They should have let the sorry a#$ keep right on going.Would have been one less piece of S#$% in the world.

Muslims are duty bound to lie.  If he does not end up creating trouble and soon, I will be greatly surprised.

Makes you wonder why the taliban did not try this at gitmo. Oh yeah because the Americans would have laughed their butts off.

If a man had not eaten since last July he would be dead.  What does that tell you about the validity of this article?

Israel continues to care too much what CNN and BBC say about them.

Get him a pulled pork sandwich and a fork to stab himself with. Too bad he didn't have the guts to carry out his promise to kill himself. As others have pointed out, no one could survive since July without nourishment. This is a #$%$ story about a #$%$ piece of #$%$.

bin laden is a para stinkian hero. They love him. How about youVictory. Palestinians have endured occupiers for hundreds of years. Israel is only 64 years old and losing world support.

Im starting to see a pattern here. The israelis arrest a criminal. The guy goes on a hunger strike. The world condemns Israel. Israel gives in to the criminal in turn he promises to be good. No more hunger strikes no war.   A couple of weeks later he or someone else starts a new hunger strike..and the cycle continues.

Just let this wacko Muslim kill himself.

Palestinian boy covers his mouth with a sticker, I like that... I notice in the picture one other boy with a sticker over his mouth.  I call it belated birth control. Whoever thought of that should get an extra roll of stickers to pass around.

If since July except for one month he hasn't eaten, someone's fibbing here, it's March already. Besides, who cares?  That's like the Palestinian goes into a black neighborhood, holds a gun to his head and announces a stick-up stating "Don't move or the Palestinian gets it" again, who cares? Just like a kid, if he doesn't want to eat, you can't force him. Well you can, but why bother.

Let the terrorist starve!

So going on a pseudo "hunger strike" gets this #$%$ released to start the terror routine all over again?  That's all it takes?  Really?Let the schmuck die.

I think there should be fight to the death in middle east like old times winning takes all loser diesthis will  end it once and for all when bomb the citys the temples the mosques no holds bare

definition of Palestinian per dictionary: An imaginary concept, much like Santa Claus or unicorns, that has been created and imbibed with a false history for political purposes.Aggressive and animal-like, Palestinians tend to express themselves in harmful ways, such as through bus bombings, suicide attacks and terrorism.Other meanings (N). Mental disorder(V). Desire to blow thing up

A true hunger strike means no food of anykind,let them die if thats what they want,So he was a kidnapper and now all of a sudden he is unhappy..Let him starve.

There is one thing about a hunger strike. If I am the one that put you in jail, and you decide not to eat. I can't make you eat. But I will probably outlast you.

These people on the hunger strike wanted to die for Allah before, let them die now with the same deserved stamp of disgusting terrorist on their foreheads. They attacked unarmed students walking to class and people on a bus on headed to work.Imagine what any other country would do with such a threat.

Unfortunately, Palestinians know that if they die of a hunger strike in prison then they are dying for Allah. As then the U.S &amp; European countries will pressure Israel to give concessions to Palestinians and  anger some Palestinians to physically attack Israelis.

why don't you just let the terrorist starve to death? it seems that's what he wanted.

Refusing food since last July? That's some trick, considering anyone else who tried it would have been dead before last August. These "intermittent" hunger strikes are ridiculous. "His resolve held true, till his tummy got a rumble."

If he doesn't care about ending his life, then he wouldn't care about taking someone elses life. Let him have his wish, let him die.

He's a muslim so once he's freed he will be up to no good.

DARN,,,,i was hopping the stupis moozie would die,,,yeah them more stupid moozies would attack ISRAEL,,,,then ISRAEL would open that can of WOOPASS on them DEVILS and wipe them out,,,,toooooo bad maybe next  time

I don't mind stealing bread from the mouths of decadence.Ship him to Siberia.

Here is the deal I would offer them. Either eat or die any outcome is good with me.

The Israelis only encourage the murderous behavior of palesimians when they negotiate with them to any extent.The goat effing simian chose his hunger strike. It, and the rest of the palesimians, MUST BE SELF-RESPONSIBLE FOR THEIR ACTIONS.

"God Bless PalestineThe Land that once was greennow it is taken over by the evil forcesIsraelis are so cruel, so mean!"

You can never trust being freed by Israel especially by their word(s)

They should force-feed him bacon.

That does it, I am not eating again until I get released.

Living in the hell hole of Gaza may be worse than an Israeli prison. I would have let the izzie starve himself. Maybe throw a few pork chops or bacon his way.

Let them all starve or at least give something in return for the incredible amount of food aid we send them,though hamas steals most of it.

Don't be surprise its Israel?BOYCOTT INTEL CORPORATION for enabling israeli terrorism. I bought my computer with an AMD processor so blood of innocent victims of israeli atrocities would not ooze into my home.

just let him die.

Attention all Zionists: The Lord God Almighty up in heaven says it's okay to consume Muslims because they are not considered human. You should encourage them to self explode to keep preparation costs at a minimum. Keep kosher and please deep fry the chunks in rabbi blessed hog grease only.

Palestinians ...please keep continue your peaceful struggle.Never forget that Ashkenazim are not Jews. They are con men.

Who cares if Arab terrorists killed Americans.  More importantly, they kill jevvs

I will ally anybody who hates jevvs

One prison to another. At least he will have the beach to relax on.

dont end it i hope he dies

These people are taken by Israelis and usually held without charge. Many times later they release them and say they lost the evidence. Keep a man in a cage without a reason, this is criminal.

Shouldn't you be watching * The Secret of Oz (2009) *on You Tube or at - filmsforaction -see how the Rothschilds and other Banksters have been trying to control the United States since the 1700s.must want to be with his 72 virgins....

For all you Jew Hating Israeli bashers, What other country in the world would negotiate with a prisoner?? They would either shoot him, or just let him die, who cares? But the Jews/Israelis have a little more compassion and empathy for people, and within reason will work with them. But all the haters and wild muslim terrorist would just cut off the Jews head and say "NEXT"

In an occupation war is war this guy deserves a metal.

"Israeli officials had no immediate comment."Translation:Zionists busy writing more whiney AP and Reuters News articles, and alerting Megaphone trolls on talking points.

All the Palestine haters should go take a flying leap.

Well ,look at it from his perspective.He had a land.All the jews come there.Then he has no vote,no land,no rights.Now tell me what would you do in similar cicumstances ?