It has been said before, "these crazies will find a way to kill and with anything. Bombs are not out of the question and it has happened before".

Yesterday it was reported the rifle was .22, today it's a dreaded "Assault Rifle."

'give them hell' James, Oh that's right you are dead... never mind... snicker.

Demons in those eyes.

Didnt read the letters right.I thought it was about the UFC.

Sounds like he had a .22 ....why is everything a damn assault rifle?

As the great American statesman and philosopher, Bugs, said more  than once,"what a maroon..."  Clowns like this are going to get all our hard won rights strippedaway. This the result of no corporal punishment in the public schools, no discipline inthe home, too many single parent situations, a lack of God in the school and elsewherein society, and the closing of mental institutions due to state budget constraints. Entitle-ments are more important apparently.

I'm waiting to hear what his ethnic and political background was. Might be some info on why he was going to kill a bunch of Americans.

Wasn't this loser like 30 years old and living in the DORM?  LOSER!

What is wrong with these people? Notice how this is all going on around schools? Need to check for subliminal messages in these  teacher's lectures. They must have destruct code implanted in their memory to kill themselves before being caught.Yahoo Did Not Leave This One Up Long..Newtown sees jump in gun permit applications

These guys are always loners. I know people like this. They dont all resort to mass murder. I wonder what he did in 10 years after high school.

Death and evil is in this guys eyes.

I searched Charles Whitman the university of texas clock tower mass killer in 1966they said this is where all this crazyness started, ..that was real scarry then and evennow. ..many people alive now don't remember how one sick man can hurtmany people, ..we should all read and remember what a dangerous place this is.

Now someone or something is going to give you some of that you were wanting to give them.....HELL!!!

How come once you know a person is nuts, it's so easy to see it in their eyes, but nobody seems to be able to detect it beforehand. The eyes are the windows to the soul, if there is a soul, that is

"Invetigators" seem to keep finding "assault rifles" that are NEVER used in crimes. That must have been one helluva backpack to contain all of those items that "investigators" found. Must have weighed at least 100 pounds with all that gear in it. This proves that the libs are desperate to include their weapons ban agenda in every story they can. So much so that they lie without thinking about what they are saying. If it doesn't make sense, it isn't true.

Just by looking at the photos of most of these plotters it seems someone would have said,""This guy's creepy", I guess not.Would you hang around anyone that looks that crazy?Eyes are the windows to the soul.

Its ok the democrats have already given up on the assault weapons ban you can stop running these stories every day in hopes it might pass. Its OVER!

American education faclity &gt;&gt;&gt;hee hee .............unbelievable is american stupidity !seems like he's the only one getting to hell. A trip to it that is.

Good riddance to bad rubbage. Saves the tax payers some bucks by not having a trial and then housing and feeding this P.O.S. for 30 or more years. Hope he rots in hell.

He wanted to "give them hell" but got hell himself!! Hmmm, must be a lesson in that huh?

I'm very disappointed that there have been no Harry Truman references to this title. And that the teabaggers/NRA nut haven't tied the fact that Harry Truman once said this to the fact that Truman was a Democrat and therefore James Oliver must also be a liberal. You know...normal teabag logic.

Notice not a word about what country he is from, whether or not he was here illegally....expired student VISA, or his religion.  If he has been a Christian white/Hispanic, they would have been all over that.

Ever notice that these types of weirdos are loners?"More details emerged Tuesday about Seevakumaran's solitary lifestyle. Seevakumaran's family said he was a loner..."

typical politically biased worthless reporting, yahoo.    the significant fact is of course left out.   the perpetrator looks muslim.    the plan screams muslim.   his name suggests subcontinent,   of which the muslim faction is the one that behaves in that manner.   this  particular jaded customer sees the "give them hell" quote and suspects a politically biased lie.     "allulah akbar"  fits the circumstances much better than give them hell.         what would be so wrong with accurate unbiased reporting?      sites such this  so love to hate george w bush,  the source of all evil,   according to the leftist media,   yet they are so set on the impossible:   proving that their favorite whipping boy,  bush,  was right,   when he said the most ridiculous thing any president ever said---"islam is a great religion of peace."     how about some truth instead of the lies,    yahoo?

Brother I promise were he is tonight that all he getting is hell. Forever!!!!!!!!!!!!! No way out!!!!!!!!!

Why look!  He is a brown skinned person.  So much for the Dept of Homeland Security trying to demonize white people huh.  They ordered 2 million dollars of paper targets of white 5 year old children, pregnant women and elderly.Anyone find out yet if this flack is a Muslim?

Instead of giving hell, he went there!Sounds like just another law abiding citizen with a gun.

I bet he was a muslim.

Funny, someone needs to break out the Reporters Guide to Firearms (google it, good for a laugh) cause that was a .22 Long Rifle, dressed up, but to most liberal idiots a black gun is a black gun (bunch of racists)

Typical NRA member going off his nutter

wonder if he had a military styled assault rifle with a 30 shot clip

A 22 cal assault rifle.It would take all of the magazine to kill. Nice reporting, fair and balanced I see.

instead of giving hell, he GOT hell

22 round cartridges and a gun sling ordered via the internet to a college dorm.  Awesome.

did someone inform whiney wayne la pierre .....azzclown leader of the NRA ....that another constitutional "patriot " has died in the freedom fight  to bear arms ??