Why not macabre warning labels on liquor bottles?

This would only encourage people to get the whole set...You can't stop criminals by showing them the electric chair, you're not going to stop smokers by showing them dead people.  Hell, half the time you can't stop them after they get cancer.

The sensible thing to do is outlaw tobacco.But if you do that, you couldn't siphon anymore tax dollars off of the poor that smoke cigarettes.I guess most people have forgotten that it was Democrat Franklin Roosevelt that gave Cigarettes, Chocolate and Nylons to the troops to give to the conquer European minds and hearts.Which is why Most Americans Smoke Cigarettes.The Same Roosevelt that Outlawed Marijuana!!

like it. wish they had these warnings in '64. but. i was a young ruffian and bulletproof.  a mild heart attack 40 years later did it for me. haven't had one and haven't wanted one since. period !

It's like everything else.You got to tell the truth about Cigarettes!It Isn't Just the Tobacco!!!The Papers are massed produced and depending on the Cigarette, the papers may be using Asbestos fibers in with the paper as filler.Over a period of time. those fibers scare the inside of your lungs!Any open sores in your lungs are susceptible to the build up of insecticide coating the tobacco leaves!  The Growth Hormones most likely don't help!!

How about:  May cause Erectile Dysfunction and hair loss.

You could of course outlaw tobacco,, like we tried with alcohol,,   but how much would the states and feds loose in tax dollars?..   We could also tax hamburgers more,,  and gee, the list is endless,,, smoke from campfires, wood fireplaces, diesal trucks,, forest fires,, all toxic... Where is the rightous outcry against these things?

You can make the pack black with a skull and cross-bones on it. It doesn't matter. If we put as much effort into fixing this country as we did telling people what to do or not to do, then this might be an issue worth pursuing.

Edit the pack depicted on the right to, "Smoking WILL kill you".

Let them smoke, let them die from it, but not one cent of tax money to help them .These would be incredibly collectible like Honus Wagner cards.

ENOUGH they award some woman a huge amount of money who is still smoking because someone? gave her a free sample pack of Newport when she was a teenager and menthol smokes were profiled towards black people what a line of BULL *HIT

Do what you want but some people are always gonna smoke just like anything else!

While I agree that adults should be able to do what they please, cigarettes are nothing but a cash cow for the government. Look at how much tax is on a pack? The only thing that cigarettes are for is to disease and kill people, so that the insurance companies get paid just like the government, It's all a big racket.

the pictures will help the sales of cig pack covers

After all these years if people haven`t figured out how bad smoking is for them, they never will. You can`t fix stupid.

Lack of funding? I can't turn the T.V. on without being bombarded with stop smoking ads. It's as bad as political ads.

If they're going to do this with cigarettes, I think a diseased liver should be put on every can of beer and bottle of liquor.

Cigarettes have had warning labels for at least 40 years. Millions of people just don't care. Stop wasting money on this #$%$, maybe donate to a homeless shelter.

Tobacco should be sold only in stores that specialize in controlled substances, and not any other products.  We play around with labeling while major corporations profit from the sales/marketing and contribute shares of these profits to elected officials.The death from tobacco is a blessing. The curse is on the family and on the society who have to support them.

Why not just leave well enough alone ? As adults, we don't need the Gov't. to save us from ourselves.

You want the government so shut up about soda sizes, obesity, smoking, etc? Approve same sex marriages and put a few photos of an homosexual AIDS patient in his last days. Now that gruesome and will be met head on by the LGBT movement, who seem to garner attention faster than Chicago murder rates and stories.

then they need to put the same labels on food and other #$%$ we eat and drink

Sequester this absurd activity, ZERO DOLLARS have been used from the "Tobacco Settlement" for smoking abatement in my dear state of Connecticut. The politicians STOLE IT.

That is odd. Those were the warnings the Federal Reserve Board of Directors of thd US Treasury  Department was going to put on the W2 form concerning taxes. And the Food and Drug Administration on restaurant or other food and drug taxes. Stick it where the sun don't shine.

Lack of funding for programs to discourge people from smoking &amp; to help them quit......that can't be so at least not in Calif.....that hudge tax they put on cigs was just for that.......have we been lied to again??

They should also use pictures of SpongeBob hacking up a diseased cartoon lung. That way kids who smoke know they should quit too.

...it's an overcrowded planet, if idiots want to use tobacco products let them.

FACT - When anyone fires-up a cigarette around me. I politely will ask them to stop, or they move away to a another area....If they refuse and make a sarcastic remark to me. I either kick them in the nuts, or punch them in their mouth....A few times, I'll taken that cigarette and jam it up their nose....unlite............I never had a problem, for standing my ground.years ago they got everybody hooked .they new they were bad. now they tax tax tax. they knew what they were doing . ive tried everything to quit. these pictures will have 0 effect. i know they will be the death of me . please make a drug that works

Those pics are a bit extreme and utterly ridiculous. You could do very much the same thing in regards to alcohol, high caloric or highly sugared food and beverage packaging.....some examples could be a liver with cirrhosis, a person with severe jaundice, some nice close ups of morbidly obese folks nearly nude and some nice, juicy diabetic foot ulcers with necrosis and gangrene. People who don't know that smoking isn't a healthy habit by now, are idiots. I don't see the need to further ostracize and harass them. To me, with all the other harmful habits plaguing today's society, it seems extraordinarily unfair to single out smokers. I can now wait for someone to make the argument that only smokers can affect the health and lives of other people. If you think that is the case, you too are an idiot. A couple cases in point: drunk drivers, rising insurance prememiums and the steadily rising cost of health care due to the increased medical needs of those with morbid obesity and diabetes (these populations now including more and more children). I could on and on and on.

I finally quit smoking at age 36 after having smoked starting at age 13; I got tired of coughing and phlegm and after several years of quitting and starting again, quitting and starting ... finally I was successful and I haven't smoked since and can't anyone smoking near me. Sadly, my brother who is two years my junior started smoking again last year after many years of quitting. It has to be one of the most addictive drugs known to man. The lungs seem to crave the smoke as well as the brain. If you value your health and life you have to quit. It won't kill you to quit and that's the idea.

Americans need the goverment to protect non smokers from the illnesses caused by the toxic smoke of non smokers. Toxic smoke is dangerous to all

The government often cites health and safety legislation passed to make us feel like they are actually doing something for us and have our best interest at heart.  This goes a long way to cover up what is not being done and/or what is being done inefficiently.  I'm not surprised that it just didn't work the way they planned.  That usually happens when you overreach and  underperform.

As a non smoker, I do not advocate smoking, but requiring more labeling and pictures on cigarette packs is beyond common sense.  In the 60's it was mandated that cigarette packs display a warning label on each pack.  This was to be the answer.  After all these years it has not accomplished the desired result, so government puts more regulations on top of ones already on the books.  Are the hazards of tobacco and drugs not taught in government schools.   We have all been exposed to  facts about smoking and health.  Insurance is higher for smokers.   When I was younger their were cigarette commercials on TV.  No TV commerial or magazine ad ever influenced me to smoke. Why are advocates and some states promoting making pot legal.  Is it not harmful to health?  While I do not support smoking and would encourage any young person not to, I believe the choice is up to the individual adult.  Tobacco is legal.

I don't smoke, never have.  I despise the smell (it makes me ill).  I lost a favorite relative to smoking-related emphysema (3-4 packs a day for 40 years, doc said quit or die, he quit, but not soon enough).Yet after saying all that, I believe this nanny-state #$%$ is far, far worse.  Feds: GET THE $$$$ OUT OF OUR FACE!To those who say "outlaw tobacco", I suggest you look at Prohibition through the 20s, the utterly failed war on drugs, and the idiotic "gun control" crusade.

Should also include that it contributes to Osteoporosis etc

No one has mention drivers who use &amp; abuse cell phones. The death toll is rising exponentially.

When in moderation smoking is as harmless or bharmful as inhaling exhaust fumes from a car.  Smoking a cig is far harmless than spending a day in Beijing.Like many thngs including sugar, alcohol, meat and other fatty foods, overuse of cigs is definitely harmless.  A couple of cigs a day cannot kill you. If it does then you'd have dies  soon anyway.Does this ruling mean that the FTC can no longer put the skull and crossbones warnings on things like bleach, Drano and other poisonous products because they would be too graphic and cross over into issue advocacy?

Gee,...? I wonder what the packaging should look like on Alcohol product? As well as the packaging in Wash, Colorado, and Calif, on pot related products? Are our Dam Halo's on to tight? I thought so.

Just a few things. I think 99.9% of America knows that smoking is bad for you. Now if they are wanting to put pictures of this graphic #$%$ to remind smokers that it kills, well what about Alcohol that kills, and what about putting a picture of an over-weight person on soda, candy, McDonald's. You cant do one thing and ignore the others. There is so much that they want to regulate. If smokers know them let them do.

I love smoking. It's made even better knowing that all you self righteous A-holes will have to pay for some of my  smoking related illness through taxes. Gives me a nice little F you to the world as I go out.

Nothing they put on there will make any difference. Its the dumbest drug on the planet - don't get you high - keeps most people broke - takes away 25% of your life span (Kent State 40 year study) - makes men impotent in their 50's (sells the hell out of Viagra) - more addictive than herion - So what could anything said shown or explained make any difference to those who are dumb enough to di it?

Also be sure to include WINE in that gross me out list. *Equality*

What about a warning that the homosexual lifestyle has serious consequences, AIDS. We seem to ignore that while vigorously going after cigarettes that may kill you after many years of use. Oh that's right smokers aren't a constituency group of the demoncrat party.

Too Gross,too Late! Why didn't they do that 55 years ago. And not give us cigarettes with our C Rations! Idiots!

If the gov really wanted people to quit, they would make chantix, wellbutran, easier to obtain. Simple as that.

Only #$%$ smoke. Ridiculous waste of money and health.