I can just imagine the commercials for this. side affects may include.........

We have no threat of Anthrax, so their reasons to use/test this vaccine on children is moot.

Perhaps this presidential panel (and obama) will volunteer their children for this testing?

Pharaceutical companies have completely corrupted the regulatory process in this country. How elese do you explain how aspertame that was repeatedly proven in test after to test to cause cancer was given FDA approval?

WOW! This Obama program puts the all the hoopla about the "evil" and "racist" Tuskegee syphilis experiment by the U.S. Public Health Service to study the natural progression of untreated syphilis in rural black men, in a whole new perspective.

America is ever more being transformed into an Orwellian nightmare.  That testing on children is even being contemplated is beyond any concept of humanity and civilized conduct.  The U.S.A. is turning into the U.S.S.A., and occupied by the same behind-the-scenes manipulators, predators, and parasites.  Americans need to take America back.

"A presidential ethics panel..." that's the beginning of the problem with this proposal. How long has it been since we have had a President we were all confident in his ethics? Regan is the last I could think of, his cabinent ran the show and thus took the blame.

Who in their right mind would allow their child to be tested on like this?  I have a feeling though if we refuse to cough up a few kids then we will face an anthrax scare just enough to make us change our minds.  The companies experimenting with this have to have plenty of kids of their own, and the Government who said this would be OK has kids, yet they want our babies.  Let them experiment on their own kids.  Not to mention after they got this vaccine right, and if we had an attack with anthrax or something which kids would go first then to get the medicine?  It wouldn't be ours who they want to test it on.

Haven't people learned that the US government uses fear tactics to scare the public into giving the support they (government) want.

Really? Is anthrax that dangerous of a threat we need mass immunizations? Maybe these researchers can find a cure or vaccine for rabies. Rabies research gets little money.The worst part is they'll find parents to agree to this.

The bottom feeding lawyers are gearing up their TV ads and in the end this will cost the tax payers..

I find this hilarious!  One of the reasons everything related to health care in this country costs so much is that federal regulations put such heavy restrictions on when you can go into human trials and here we have the government saying they can test on infants!  If a drug company tried this with a drug to cure cancer they would be working to get this same approval for the next couple of decades.

This is so disgusting to even suggest something like this!!! But the ethics panel  children and grandchildren go first....

I am the Global Fascist Elite.I am Killing you.You are too Dumbed Down to Stop me.I am Killing you.Now go check on Lindsay.

Laws made for "the good of the children" rarely have anything to do with giving children a better life.

This sounds kinda like the whole HPV shot that Perry wanted to force girls to get. I might add, while he made money on it.No, thanks. If it's measles, or rubella or chicken pox, that's one thing. We are not routinely exposed to anthrax.

By definition, vaccines put a dangerous germ into your body in an unnatural way.  They have yet to make one that does not have side effects, and even death.... though they will tell you that it is only some small percentage.  If it happens to you, it happens 100% to you and I don't think you would care about statistics if your child died from this, was brain-damaged, etc.  Really.... numbers don't matter when it happens to you.

fine and well til someone gets a horrible disease 10 yrs from now...

Everybody I know that got the flu shot this winter got sick . Better think twice before getting those shots again .I wonder how many people on the National Biodefense Science Board own large amounts of stock in Emergent BioSolutions Inc of Rockville, Maryland.  Putting profits ahead of the safety and welfare of infants, children, and the rest of the general public is the new American way.  Greed is good, all hail the mighty Trump.

Before giving permission to have my child vaccinated, I want to see the Obama's give permission for their children to be vaccinated. Once they've given their kids the vaccine, I will consider it for mine. Maybe.

Do it to those on death row instead, whoever dies is one less leach in society.

dear gubment you can test your vaccine on my child if i can test my gun on you afterwards sound fair??

let them test their own kids or members of congress, senate and white house kids

Unfortunately, the first test was already done on deploying soldiers.

Why do infant and children need anthrax vaccine?? Stop creating prison and chemical weapons.

We have a large prison population, use them as your guinea pigs, you know half vaccine half placebo, then exposure. Lets give it a real test!

"Under a 2005 law, children in an anthrax-vaccine study would be prohibited from seeking damages through the legal system."  That's our corrupt politicians hard at work.

We as soldiers in Iraq were the test subjects for the anthrax shot in 2003. Check with the local soldiers and VA on the side effects. We too were not allowed to refuse the shots. tehy were forced into us with threats.For the good of the children we have a war on terror drugs guns food child protective services and now they want to experiment on children for antrax when the goverment is the only one that has antrax sounds like they plans to use antrax in the near future

Anthrax is a growing health concern? stupid lib bs

Somthing that is not needed or useful with possible side effects for children but it comes with a billion dollar goverment contract.  Some children may stuffer brain damage, and mental dease but there is a Billion Dollar Goverment money contract.  Not one single kid in North America has gotton Anthrax.

and they  go hard on drugies,makes me laugh, go figure,make sure the ones who want to do this to are children take it first,and have them timed, on them to see, what happens, this is how you fight fire with fire

What parent would allow their child to be used as a lab rat ???  And my government use to tell the world about the nasty medical test the #$%$ did !!

I rec'd an anthrax vaccine, courtesy of the U.S. gov't back in 1990...and I'm still having "issues" with it. So, now they're going to make children be "lab rats". Wonderful...just wonderful.

These people are nuts, using our children for guinea pigs. You know what, use it on Their Own selves, and their family, and any one in Government that would approve this.  Then you can come back to the public on how your findings were.Killing children all for what Money.  Yes I said Killing, suicidal, People can be to over educated and  yet, can be so dumb.I always say a educated person is a dumb educated person.  They must think all People are stupid . it is like Leading the Lamb to the slaughter.

So you are going to do what Hitler did. Try the vaccine then throw them in a room with Anthrax and see if they are immune??? Wow.  Guess PETA wouldn't let you try it on animals so make sure the kids are from PETA members.

try and stick my child with a needle containing this....

You aren't getting near my kid! Over my dead body!If the kids die, then they know it's not the right test.

Parents.....Just Say No!  Bring back the campaign slogan from days long past.  Hell, even military members can refuse this vaccine!

We should test is on Congress first.. the the House of Rep.....  what kind of vaccine are they going to come up with to vaccinate against "Stupid"

NO, NO, NO, ABSOLUTELY NOT!

We are living in scary times.The thought of having to prepare for chemical warfare and have our kids be the trial and error on medicine that does not have long term studies is scary. So much medicine and health scares like H1N1 shot everyone rushed to get couple years back there was no long term research on that one either.

LOL Like an anthrax vaccine is really needed. I suppose they want to dumb down the population further with these toxic, mental defect causing vaccines.

"presidential ethics panel" - oh boy, now there is something you just have to shake your head about.   Ethics and president, just doesn't go together.   Like an honest politician, or wise intellectual, or good convict.   Nope, you have to add another verb to get something correct.

No thanks.

Unnerving......so what are they predicting might occur?  Living in some crazy times...Dave down there has it right, Orwellian for sure!

Test what? The Gov't is getting crazy....But if it has to be done let's test the vaccine on the  children of the President, his cabinet members, and  members of both the Senate and Congress. That would be large enough sample study for a good test over  several years. Perhaps we should petition the White House for Presidential review and recommendation to the Ethics Committee.Interesting report.  But it repeated the lie that the army scientist committed suicide when the feds were closing in.  He was exonerated after his death and the government apologized for hounding him and ruining his life.  Till this day no one knows what military organization was responsible for the attack. ///// 2nd point.  They want to make a slight change in the law so babies who are tested can sue if they get an adverse reaction.  It has been standard practice for drug companies to test their vaccines on children and infants with impunity.  Somehow the drug companies always get immunity from lawsuits from the government.   But they never do the tests on just any children.  They always do the tests on the babies of welfare mothers.  Welfare mothers are always threatened with getting cut off from welfare if they don't sign the release forms.  These social workers were probably threatened with being fired if they don't get the signature.  Call it blackmail.  Call it signing under duress.  Call it anything you want.  But it's guaranteed the senators son won't get the vaccine until it is thouroughly tested on the poor guinea pigs first.  Poverty has many adverse effects.  Over the years there has been thousands, if not tens of thousands of babies whose whole lives and futures have been ruined in small out of the way rural towns.  Just so men in white coats can make a killing in the market.  And pinch the rosy red cheeks of their little ones and say. ..... Now it's safe for you.

"A presidential ethics panel has opened the door to testing" - how does an "ethics panel" ok "testing" and "trials" on our children? Oh, here is a great explanation: the panel conceded that "there is no prospect of direct benefit to children". What is going on with this country?

Vote Democrat again morons .Do you get anthrax from the shot like the "The flu shot"

It's for your safety..

Liberals as "protectors" of children?  Tell me another lie, Hillary!

Priorities first. More MMR and Percussion vaccines, first.

absolutely not. and i want full details of what your jets are unleashing in their jet trails. i also want to know if you have a procedure in place to check what all airplanes and dustcroppers are up to. how do you know some #$%$ in texas doesn't want to dump on some fools in new mexico to make their land unlivable so that they may drill or take the water. or how do you know whether a pharmaceutical company may use airplanes to unleash illnesses so that we are forced to take their medicine. it is a sick world out there, obama. and we had president's in office for sixteen years who would have thought nothing of it. so what protections do you have in place today to prevent these people from using the skies and drones for ill reasons.

I'll be dammed if this happens to my family!!! who does that? who is soo sick in the head that their imagination leads them to a thing like this? it seems they are demons.

People would have to give consent for this, no?  I doubt many people would be willing to offer their kid up as a test subject.  I know I wouldn't.

And we wonder why our children as young as 4 are identifying themselves as gay or of the opposite gender they were born. Liberals love drugs that dumb down kids to justify their agenda.Mercury is in most of the vaccines given to all children.Your FDA at work, protecting the big pharma against your lawsuits.

I will shoot somebody if they give my child anything like that!! If you wanna know how works, then use it on yourself!!! #$%$.

"strongly recommended that a plan be in place to compensate any children" who are harmed. What if they turn into zombies?

any parent that would do this is insane or totally disgusting and shouldnt have kids

Your kids first-or better yet, poor little kids from 3rd world countries.America's kids (and anyone else's), should NOT be guinea pigs for medical testing. Dang, what the hell is wrong with this country?

How many dems are going to have this test on their kids?

OMG no way.  Now the government is taking parental control again and at what cost.   Please government stay out of my home unless your invited like everyone else.  I agree with CYNICAL1,  let the government and there children have the first doses and we can wait and decide.

How about hell no.

All of the people here criticizing need to consider something: What is their priority level for getting a vaccine in a serious emergency anyway?Here's a dirty little secret of the consequence management community.  The priorities for issuing vaccine will be based on how critical you are to the running of our country and if you work in a field that provides a service or product that has to be available.  And for the very high priority people - their families will get the vaccine at the same time as them because they need those people at work not at home caring for a sick family member.You will see some interesting ironies: professional sports and movie stars will be at the bottom of the list while grocery store clerks will be in the one of the higher priorities. (food distribution is a critical function needed to keep our society running.)

When I was a kid growing up the only commerical for meds was Bayer aspirin and Alka seltzer, now every other commerical is for a med and when you listen to the side effects why would you even want to take it. We live in an over medicated culture.More human experimention.....on children.....what is going

How about this suggestion:  Obama, his family and administration be the first ones to test this vaccine.  Then we wait awhile to see what the side-effects are.  Then the researchers get vaccinated and we wait and see how that works out.  Last of all would be our children, and not without parents written permission and acceptance of the possible consequences.

Chit they will find a IHS - indian health service - to test it at -

They would have to go humane eventually remember Polio just saying.

Ok, this has to be joke. First, why would children need this vaccine? Second, if the gov't is so concerned with our children's safety, why can't they find their way to ban high capacity rifle magazines?This seems to be another large corporation running the country.

Wonder if those pushing for this would volunteer their children first?

cildren what aabout me ?

you paranoids listed below this post are the very ones who will cry and whine the most if an anthra attack happened and you would cry that the governemnt didnt do enough to "protect' you twerps

Can I mix mine with sloe gin?

It's always the same. Religious hillbillies complain when research is done, but when they need anything, they're the first to scream "me! me please! here!"-I wish i could leave ths curropt planet full of gold diggers

Hey why not, with the right forcing so many to give birth to unwanted children not to mentioned the deformed and handicapped ones we should have a very large surpul population in a few years. Will make the baby boom look silly.

tell those nazi scientist to try it on their own kids.

unbelievably pathetic! Vaccine after vaccine...

Oh please, just like children were guinea pigs when they brought out the polio vaccine!  Just wait these will be the first people that whine and complain when their kids die from anthrax after a terrorist attack. And they'll say "why didn't someone do something!"

They are trying to bring the population down people.Thousands of children will die because of that wanna be vaccine.They have done it before and will happen again.Why because they cant afford it. But we know the lord said don't put a price .obvious to everyone the consequences behind not listening.

Ths is bulll they know wat they are doing. U r stupid and ignorent and blind to the facts wat ever happened to the anthrax outbreak any dam way 4them to have been secretly working on another dam vaccine????? O not to mention the swine flu????????!!!!! smdh U freemasons

Dear Mr. Genius try on ur grandbaby first... then get back to us.get thhe f out of dodge with ths )6#___(%@#   u sheeple need to wake up

Test it on the children of illegal immigrants. Offer citizenship to the survivors.

At least Obamasocialistcare hasn't been implemented yet and they can't do it secretly.Another poison the gov. wants us to put in our kids body. Hell no. That's #$%$. Look at all the children who are autistic or end up mentally #$%$ because of the DTAP being missed together as one. What the 13 year girl who received the H1N1 flu vaccine, now she can't attend school cause she falls asleep whenever, she seizes, memory loss, a whole of list of things. it's all because the European man who made it forgot a chemical or bypassed it so the FDA wouldn't have to approve it. These "vaccines" that they keep coming up with are hurting our children, our future. It needs to stop

Inject it into obaminations kids first. Then all the children of congressmen and senators, then judges, governers and local officials. Otherwise, get ready to eat lead.

She likes to rub you everywhere at______bubida____Check it out...

Left wing  hitlers...