why they didn't make rainthey do it all the time in usa.australia/canada would be veryhappy they have grains.

Cue preparing the scene for more price hikes?

Many Farm land owners and Farming Estates are making a fortune out of subsidies - not all of course - but the ordinary farmer and farm managers are being squeezed towards bankruptcy by greedy supermarkets.It isn't the ordinary farmer and farm manager who will push the prices up, as this headline is surely a warning of impending rises, it is the Greedy middlemen and grain markets who will again be lining their greedy little pockets and off shore tax havens.

DEFRA: propaganda 'specialists'.

When the prices go up it is down to World Prices. When our production cost rise it is down to domestic cost increases. There is a common agricultural policy that takes the bulk of the EU budget to ensure that European prices can ensure a profit for French Peasant farmers on uneconomic size farms.With all these checks and balances in play surely we can cope with a bit of rain spoiling part of one domestic harvest?  Is the only answer that we pay more for product and more for the CAP? Or is this another very loud shout to get out of the EU and take our own risks?

Green wellies and greed: british farming today. "Time for a new 4X4, moi subsidy cheque has just arroived".

I've never known a farmer to be happy with the weather - and I worked on farms when I was younger - and what is good for one type of farmer is not necessarily good for another. Too much rain and they can't get the crops harvested or planted (depending on season), too little and the crops don't grow or the grass is not sufficient for the animals to graze, too cold in spring and the fruit blossom doesn't set, heavy rain or hail later in the season and the fruit gets knocked off or ruined............Part of the problem for farmers is that where they used to be mixed arable and livestock a lot have specialised and if the weather does not suit that speciality then they are in trouble.

Just another indication that we are overpopulated for the earth's ability to feed us.Global warming increasing the types of extreme weather conditions that we have had over the past few years.In Englad we are one of the most overpopulated countries in the world with over twice as many as we can feed ourselves without relying on imports ,as this report indicates.We can really only be self sufficient in all areas of food production if we had a population at about 30 million ,and not 59 million as we now have. This is just one of the reasons why immigration should be stopped and we have a programmed population reduction over a 35 year period for food ,power, fuel etc.

...........and we've still got this summer to get through yet.

If the environment agency had done it's job professionally we wouldn't have had the extreme problems with land flooding.This country needs to look after our farmers like the French. We cannot keep relying on imported food for human and animal consumption.  Many other countries in the EU are benefiting at this countries expense. If our farmers are not supported properly, virtually everything we  rely on will be imported, and we'll have to pay what the suppliers demand.  The sensible approach is to support our farmers and buy British!Softening us up for a massive rise in food costs again

White van man looks forward to increased British wine production.

The fat, subsidy-encrusted barmy army, would be "counting the cost" if it hadn't rained: douche bags.

Just another excuse to push up the price of food.

A couple of questions here:1. Why do farmers bother to farm at all as it seems that it is either too wet or too dry and crops are ruined either way.2.Why is it that when they crow on about the weather and low yields etc that they forget to mention the sometimes bloated EU grants that they get for planting sweet FA.Plenty of farmers here who have yet to trade the twice yearly Chelsea tractors for Skodas or put their kids in mainstream schools instead of private.Many of these farmers that are complaining are cast from the same mold as bankers and politicians and all that motivates them is money.....other peoples money!

America, China, Russia and many other places are investing in arable land throughout the Easter EU,wheres Britain? Zero! You anti EU "Dumbo's" will be choking on your expensive bread soon and well you deserve it!

I can remember MP Dennis Howell being made minister for rain during the big drought perhaps we should have a minister for sun

And by 2014 their be moaning about the drought, No matter what the weather is doing they'll find away to profit out of it, the whinging bastalero's always do.

This is a portent for the future. The U.K. is going to struggle to feed its population, yet the political elite is content to continue with unsustainable levels of immigration.

Farmers are always moaning. The weather is changable, the climate is changing, Get used to it.Oh shock horror,as Mustaphapinnion says,  the result would't be a price hike by any chance would it?!!

"Rain has also made it harder for livestock to feed on grass"I admit I am not an expert but it sounds a little bit counter intuitive to me.

We'll be needing to take a wheelbarrow full of cash to buy a loaf of bread at the supermarkets soon.

Allotments.