I'm pretty sure, criminals will exempt themselves.

Franklin E is Jason probably from another account.  Both are TROLLS.  We have so many gun laws on the books it's not funny.  They need to be enforced.  It's the nutcases that we need to do something about.  With 333 million weapons on the streets in this country and many more high capacity mags then guns, there will always be an endless supply for the criminal that does not want to buy the legally.  Please don't impede our right to protect our selves with limiting us with inferior fire arms then criminals.  The 2nd amendment doesn't give us rights to hunt and to target practice. That was a given back then.  It gives us the right to keep and bear arms that are comparable with the Military, so that we will have half a chance of standing up against a dictator or tyrant that decides he or she wants to take over the U.S. with the military as their tool.  Foolish Jason and Franklin.  You need to learn what it's all about before you comment again.  The democrats are going to have a tough time this next election.  While we're at it, let's take down civil unions between homosexuals.  What's happened to this State?

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)"He convientietly leaves out the shotgun and the hand guns that all had less than 15 rounds.  Cho shot up virginia tech with 2 hand guns, handguns can be just as effective in killing even with fewer than 10 rounds.  The idea someone is going to charge a gun man when they are hiding behind something and counting shots is unrealistic, especially when that gun man is weild multiple guns.  Now the criminal will just carrt 2 guns instead of 1.

VOTE THEM ALL OUT !

For the record, Buffalo Bill was not a gunslinger. He was a buffalo hunter. He was an expert shot, and if I remember correctly, he did not kill anyone. "Doc" Holiday is another story.I do not own guns, but our 2nd amendment must not be infringed upon.

Wasn't it established that the AR-15 was never even used in Newtown?  Then why continue to 'lie' about it and use this rifle to ram through gun control?   Then the 'background checks' - why did they ban guns to our vets?   They were 'STABLE' enough to have a gun to protect our Country - but NOT NOW?   'Background Checks' are an easy way to make a list of current gun owners so that they know right where to go when they finally decide to grab all of our weapons.The Democratic Statists have ALWAYS attempted to take away our weapons - and we are supposed to 'trust' their motives NOW?     They show time &amp; time again that it is all about CONTROLLING US and it is all the More reason to hang onto our weapons.Take it to court and let the 'Justice System' undermine our 2nd amendment rights and start impeaching these statists from there.   Colorado, you have to stop this before the rest of these power hungry 'leaders' across the Country do the same and we are all 'defenseless' against them.

In Aurora, the so called "assault weapon" jammed and was consequently discarded and used only sparingly, in Newtown it was not used AT ALL and was found in the shooter's vehicle. This BS has NOTHING to do with safety of children or anyone else, its about "control" of the US populace. Your liberty is under attack and the threat ain't Iran, N Korea, the CHICOMS, the Russkies or Al Quaeda. We have TRAITORS in the wire! Wake up people!

Feel really sorry for all the Magpul employees that will likely lose jobs when they relocate over this. I hope Magpul does the right thing and offers employees the chance to move with them. Magpul should consider moving either to Wyoming or New Mexico so employees do not have to move far and that will rub it into Gov and legislators face all that much more by being next door ;)

Infringing on citizens' Constitutional rights brings political peril?  Good.

CO following in the steps of Chicago &amp; NY.

Dem rule of colorado will end for legislature in 2014 and gov in 2016 because of this and I am a dem saying this, facts are facts, they probably will bounce back eventually but dems all over West, Midwest, South and rural East are going to have big time losses in 2014 over this attack on 2nd amendment. The leadership of the Dem party is completely out of touch with Dems outside megacities and independents. They are ruled by a NY,DC,Chicago, LA, SF mentality.Lawmakers who sign measures into law that restrict the right to bear arms will be fired. Your un-constitutional behavior is being monitored and recorded. We will ensure you are NEVER elected to pubilc offic again.

There is no such thing as an ONLINE firearms purchase. You can either buy face to face from a private citizen, or at a brick and mortar FFLYou can ADVERTISE online, but NOT sell. HUGE difference.

Kalorado....has become Californiacated!

Impeach him.

I'll never vacation or spend any money in Colorado again until that communist Hickenlooper is run out of office.

I called and talked to a campground owner near Durango to cancel my reservations for late August for a two week camping trip and the owne said they had already seen a number of cancellations and it was too early to tell about hunters as draw results weren't out yet.

Our hunting club has hunted Co. for the last ten years, no more. We will now go to Wyoming. This is how you get through to these idiots, refuse patronize anything connected to this state. Deny them the revenue, enjoy your exploding deer and elk herds idiots

You know what is the worst part of voting these folks out of office... They get paid after they leave office, for life.

Anti-gunners never blame the shooter---they only blame the gun.Obama loves arming foreign countries to kill each other but wants to disarm honest Americanscitizens----WHAT A GRATE GUYDo not trust this man for he is the enemy

Red flag:  "Gun control bills still pending in the state Legislature include a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes."  Accused not convicted, either poor reporting or the real danger. Conviction is needed, anyone can be accused of DV or an aggressive officer or DA can add it to many arrest situations.I hope retribution for bowing to the leftist agenda is swift and strong. What part of "shall not be infringed" do these leftist communists not understand? If they don't like guns, don't buy or own one but leave the rest of us alone. If you dislike guns in the hands of private citizens, move to Russia, China, Britain, or some other "freedom loving" spot.

I hope the Democrats get trounced! I am a Democrat and guess how I am voting next time around. I will dissown any family member that I think votes Democratic in the next election.

Let these Liberals know how we really feel with our votes and wallets

Hickenlooper's logic is that in order to keep certain types of weapons out of the hands of criminals we should prohibit the existence of those weapons.  So in order to keep children out of the hands of pedophiles we should prohibit children?

Why do Democrats hate freedom, and want to tax and ban everything???

Guns,speech,privacy and your money...they're coming for it all.You gonna fight or are you just gonna sit back while everything you have is gone while they all sit back in their secured mansions?

Vote em out!

Surrender your guns now or else!..I said surrender your guns!These political non American POS's need to literally be removed from power,regardless who or how many put them in office.These democrats all of them want to completely destroy the constitution of the USA.

The first thing a corrupt government tries to do is disarm its citizens. Our founding fathers realized this after fighting tyranny for all their lives. Any spin created by corruption will not change our guaranteed right by our Constitution. "Not infringed" means no restriction. Government does not have the authority to take away your rights unless you willingly give them up. To do so would just demonstrate how stupid America has become.

Again the liberals show their contempt for the constitution.  Democrats are totaly ant-american and want a euro style government.Our 12th annual hunting trip has been cancelled.

Some things have simply not changed. Those regimes seeking to assert and maintain absolute control over the citizenry will always try to disarm them first by means of confiscation, regulation, taxation, and through controlling markets for firearms and ammunition. Without exception, an unarmed citizenry is one that can be effectively bullied and coerced and are readily controlled by the government.By comparison, a well armed citizenry is an ominous threat to any police or military force who would seek to exert control over them. It is for this reason that our founding fathers introduced the Second Amendment into the U.S. Constitution

If we could actually pass laws that would keep guns out of the hands of criminals and leave the law abiding citizens alone, I'd be in favor of it.  That is not the case, though, because criminals do not follow the laws.  Even the Sheriff's in Colorado do not believe in what the Governor is doing, as per an article from yesterday:GREELEY, Colo. (AP) — A Colorado sheriff says he won't enforce two aggressivegun-control measures waiting to be signed into law by Gov. John Hickenlooper.Weld County Sheriff John Cooke told The Greeley Tribune that Democratic lawmakers are scrambling after recent mass shootings, and the bills are "feel-good, knee-jerk reactions that are unenforceable."If local law enforcement, through the Sheriff's Office, does not believe in what the Governor is doing there is something wrong with what the Governor is doing.Support the Sheriff, if you are a law abiding citizen, and not the Governor.  Colorado has a lot to lose by supporting the Governor on this issue.

The myth that Democrats support the 2nd Amendment has finally been exposed!

Its funny that the Dems will listen to what gays want but not the majority of the population.

Put the liberals in charge and this is what you get!

Yep ! Just like liberals always do , ignore common sense solutions and go for the laws that have been proven to be ineffective time and time again ! Why do these people keep getting re-elected ?!

* 2 billion hollow point bullets purchase with your borrowed tax money by Homeland "Security"* Dollar devaluation by the private federal reserve.* Drones over America* NDAA* Jobs, Incomes, and Tax Base shipped to China (while the elite own corporations in China)Oh I get it, these folks want to make you "safe"

The DAMAGE was done by an INSANE IDIOT holding the rifle whose shrink KNEW he was a THREAT to others! Now the damage is being done by DEMOIDIOTS IN THE STATE HOUSE! I can tell you right now....... ain[t nobody from THE GREAT STATE of GEORGIA GOING TO VOTE FOR A COMMIE named HICKENLOOPER!  Magpul , you are welcome to relocate to the "FREE SOUTH"!!

Gov. John Hickenlooper is getting his Marching Orders as a Brown Shirt from Obama and he will get his rewards and  the People of CO. will lose their Constitutional Rights ! This is not a Democrat or Republician Problem, it's a AMERICAN problem !The politicians who vote for the gun bans will find out next election how the voters really feel about interfering with their constitutional rights.

The media uses the term "gun rights". Why not call it self defense rights? Because the media knows how to frame issues in their favor. They never mention self defense against tyrannical government, which was the original intent of the 2nd Amendment, but always talk about hunting and shooting.

I know a lot of people who always vote democrat and criticize the GOP and NRA for making us think that democrats are trying to take our guns away. They are starting to change their minds

Please watch carefully, Senator Manchin from West Virginia!! What happens in Colorado elections will happen to you too! You can not go against your State's Voter's wants!! You are supposed to REPRESENT them, not Disown them!! Magpul leaving because of some stupid agenda! Those are real people and real jobs, and real income for your state! All lost because of some Liberal Agenda from some dried up old California women and a Sicko NY Mayor!

Voting has consequences and the people of Colorado are beginning to understand to what extent that is true! They will not stop chipping away at your firearms until there are none and you have nothing left to lose.

Every one of these idiots who voted for these laws should be voted out next election, including the governor. This ultra left conspiracy needs to be stopped in it's tracks.

when you vote to put these people in office, you get what you deserve. i will no longer spend my money hunting in colorado ever again. i will spend the extra and go to idaho.

Liberalism is a Mental Disorder spreading across America disabling Millions to grow more dependent on the Government to wipe their A!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!SS- The Iraq Veteran out

The magazine/clip capacity limit is silly. You can change a magazine/clip in about one second, perhaps two with a little practice. Most people could carry a few dozen magazines.

Hey colorado you know what to do next election.Otherwise enjoy the beginning of socialismOther Democratic gun control proposals are pending in the state Legislature ... -- There is NOTHING "democratic" about gun control. There is NOTHING "democratic" about trying to infringe on the Second Amendment of the Bill of Rights and take away the inalienable civil rights guaranteed (not given) in the Bill of Rights.

people of Colorado you put these people into office, then take them out in 2014 by your votes,laws can be repeal by the people,by your vote you have the power,,,,

Throw them all out after one term, if they want to run again they can kick that down the road for the following election.

Why do I see a future new governor in Colorado?

Looks like looper is in for a fight from Colorado rights to bear arms .  He has bit off the wrong branch to accuse of crime. He should have chosen to stop Criminals not Honest Americans.

"They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." ~Benjamin Franklin.

If it wasn't for a gun,that 30 year old in Fla would have blown up part of the school and probably hundreds of students yesterday!!!! RIGHT ?

"a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)." He forgot that Holmes' Beta C jammed at the start of the rampage, and he did most of the shooting with Joe's beloved shotgun.

We dont need any more gun laws. We need to have strict enforcement of those already on the books. Next election cycle remember those who sought to preserve our rights  and those who tried to take or restrict them. Kick the bums out.

He "evolved" like Obama did on gay marriage, another words, he lied .Any restrictions on the rights of law abiding American gun owners will have very serious consequences come election time. Any infringement or attack on the bill of rights by either party  will result in political suicide !

All backers of this assault on our Constitution can Kiss your jobs GOODBYE....thanks for NOTHING A-HOLES!

You Coloradans bit these Democrats off and now you get to chew them. Welcome to the wonderful world of "do-gooder," liberals.Magpul and any other business that wants to dump Colorado, come on North to MT. or WY. we would be glad to have you and WY. is a right to work state.

If we don't stop these attacks on our second amendment rights, one at a time as they arise, we will see all liberal governors taking this same tact.  They must be challenged for their infringement upon the Constitution.  As soon as they pass without a fight, these laws will be considered de riguer and other infringements will creep into the landscape of American life.  The liberals in government are an insidious blight on America

Stupid laws have consequences!  Vote Against Anti-Gun Politicians!

Highest rate of gun ownership in history and lowest violent crime and murder rate in 48 years.So, why are we restricting guns?It is control, not guns, that the government wants.Vote them all out.

The next round of elections in Colorado may be very telling on what "The People" want.

Go get him. dumbocrats still think that guns are the problem. Alas poor yorrick they are not. The problem is unemployment, poor education, even poorer mental health care. Too many single parent homes , while the parents struggle  to raise their families, the burden is huge and in many cases  detrimental to the children.  When will we stop destroying the familieseven more by unnatural marraiges, poor schools, even poorer long term public officials whose egos get in the way. What this country needs is a Revolution and term limits , even for the Supreme Court.

California types moved to Colorado and look at the results.

Wow!! Looks like there will be alot of democrats, on national and state levels, that will be losing their jobs in the next elections. If nothing else, it will cut their level of power way down, to where it will be some time before they can effectively interfere with the constitution again!This is what happens when you vote for the Democrats/Communists . Because they are so much smarter than us - they take it upon themselves to protect us from ourselves - whether it is legal for them to do so or not . Besides , it is easier to force people to do stuff after they have been disarmed .

Colorado was getting overrun with liberals from CA when I was there a decade ago.Unfortunately the natives and long time residents who were in the majority before thennow have their rights stripped by these come lately obamie-commies.They also have a severe illegal alien problem there.  No doubt they contribute to it thanksto democrap shenanigans at the polls.

Colorado has changed, a lot, once great, now weak, and is now a "give me" state. Full of paperwork and endless rules. But, down town Denver is still a mess, old Aurora has become dark with poverty and greed, the flight away from the mess is clear but of course no one will address it.  Now they focus on guns while the two major cites fill with the mud of society. Still no one wants to fix the problems, always thinking, "look at me-look what we did- just like Obama" yet the issues become worse.

A vote for gun grabbing politician, is a vote against freedom.

Dummycrats think these restrictions will stop criminals.  I think their true motive is total disarmerment of the citizens so they can impose a Socialist state.

So many keep falling for this. At no point do they point out how expanded background checks would have prevented any shootings. The Aurora shooter was deep in the medical education field as a head doctor candidate, how much more expanded background did they need?

Voter RECALL  process  for   Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper .

Just another case of talking from both sides of their mouth.Is any one really surprised by this??Bottom line these reps we have are more than willing to drop us in a well to keep their jobs and fat pay checks.The hell with what the people want,the hell with what the constituion says.These people really suck!!! Do they think we are that stupid that we aren't watching their every move right now?? I truely hope that come time for our votes to go in that we end up seeing them going OUT....

I saw a movie where only the Military and Police had guns,... it was called Schindler's List...!!!

Vote out all that would take away our rights under the Constitution.When YOU Vote for Democrats this is what you Get! TAX increases on everything you touch....The Constitution wasn't written to control the citizens it was written to control the Government! I have to be fair..Nixon was just as bad !

The governor of Colorado, a liberal, lied to the people of Colorado about what he wants in gun control laws and they are surprised?

Requiring people to pay for their own background checks is equivalent to requiring people to pay a poll tax before they can vote.  The poll tax, invented by the Democrats, was designed to suppress the poor and minorities and prevent them from voting.  The Supreme Court struck down the poll tax as unconstitutional as it denied people the right to vote.  Paying for a background investigation also suppresses the poor and monorities and infringes on their right to own a gun.  In other words, it's a different kind of 'poll tax'.

Payback is a b*tch, and the Dems who passed this bill are going to find out what happens when you take away peoples rights. The people impacted by this law, which only goes to show how little respect these people have for others (as the article points out, it is okay for their local manufacturer to make large capacity magazines to be sold elsewhere, just not in their own state), did nothing wrong. They violated no laws. Therefore, the violence they want to 'protect' themselves from will not be impacted - a short drive will get what criminals want, or a few days of shopping on the internet.Idiots. Only in their politically pandering minds will this demonstrate anything other than how low the state of Co. can go. It used to be a nice state - now, I won't be bothered wth going there for any reason.

Where do they get off thinking lower capacity magazines will "keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people"???It's apples and oranges!

As soon as liberals figure out that guns don't kill people, sanity will be restored to the legislative process. In the last 2 decades Chicago with its ultra liberal leadership reported over 8,000 homicides, they have some of the strictest, if not the strictest gun laws in the country. and they also have more gang bangers than the Taliban or al-Qaeda terrorists in Iraq and Afghanistan. A reasonable and prudent person would see the relationship between the number of criminals and the number of homicides concluding get rid of the criminal and the homicide numbers drop. Guns? Guns are just tools of the criminal trade when i comes to homicides. Getting rid of the guns didn't work there and it won;t work in any other city or state. I'm in favor of expanded background checks but anything to do with banning guns or their accessories is simply an exercise in futility.

Stupid Dems..  Repubs will take Colorado back, and that's a good thing.  I'm a life long dem....but, no more.  They chit in thier nest on this one.

Time for CO citizens to sue, ballot initiative, and start a recall on the Gov and other Dems.  Find the most vunerable in the Senate, from pro-gun areas, and start the recall process.

I think a couple of Democrat politicians are going to be looking for new jobs after next year.

Canceled my trip to Colorado next summer, will go to Montana instead. Sure don't want to spend my dollars in a state controlled by Socialists.So few gun crimes are committed by people brandishing a rifle. Yet, so much attention on banning rifles and magazines that fit the rifle.

Colorado needs to send the liberals back to California !  They are FAILING RAPIDLY !

If Gvo H really thinks about it outside the  political  pandering these laws have ZERO chance of preventing any future incidents.

These politicians who voted for the new gun laws can forget about a political future in Colorado and I am sure most residents will dump them sooner than later.

We elect them and they do what they want not what we want and that is unacceptable. Time to send them back to Fort Living room.  Pack your bags you worthless twits.

Go ahead and try to vote away people's gun rights and you will most likely lose that public office you currently hold!  Leave the constitutional rights of all Americans alone!  I live in GA where they believe in the 2nd Amendment rights of Americans!

People think about this  what is their real reason for banning our guns!

For the last 6 years I’ve hunted Elk in Colorado, between the cabin rental, out of state license, food, gas and various other expenses I spent around 3,500.00 or so. Not anymore, I cancelled the cabin in CO. and now I’m looking at other states, I encourage other hunters to do the same.

BTW: Where are the CC Videos from the Aurora shooting ? Are they hiding something ? There were two gas masks found in separate locations.  Someone let Holmes in the back door.

Obama-Clone.He can't formulate an independent thought.What about the Doctor who deemed the movie killer mentally unstable, but did nothing about it. I am so tired of Democrats and their ways of infringing on personal liberties when their liberal policies  fail and cause harm to society. Then we all pay.

Under American occupation every household in Iraq had the right to keep a modern, fully automatic weapon.Yet the pagans in America want to take away the rights of American citizens even to have a semiauto.

That "if you need more than 15 rounds" comment is not well thought out. If forced into the horrible nightmare of having to defend my life or my family's life I don't need some #$%$ politician telling me how many times I can shoot at a criminal IN MY HOUSE TRYING TO HARM MY FAMILY without stopping to change magazines.

Put away the mentally ill, not the guns!

Seems as if Coloradoans aren't content to become California East; good for them take your state back from the leftist tyrants.  Many CO sheriffs have already said they will not enforce such laws should they be passed and are even considering banding together and filing suit against the state should these measures be implemented.   Sounds like the American people may be waking back up too bad we hit the snooze button back in November.

Will the people in Colorado learn and fire the DemonCrap Sociaists in the next election?

I don't know why the one guy thinks this might improve his "national prospects".  It doesn't.  It seems there are very few states as liberal as CO now.  Maybe NY, IL, and CA.  But, in statistics, those are called "outliers".

I have plans to spend a two week vacation at Electra Lake, near Durango, Co. this summer.  But I'm having second thoughts about it now. Wont go where I'm not welcomed.

In Colo., gun restrictions bring political peril AS IT SHOULD

Recent mass murderers and their party.Jared Lee Loughner- (Gabby Giffords Tuscon) Registered DemocratNidal Hassan- (Ft. Hood)Registered DemocratSeung-Hui Cho (VT killer) Registered DemocratWade Michael Page- (Sikh Temple Killer) Registered DemocratJames Holmes - (Colorado theater) Registered DemocratChristopher Dorner - (Cop Killer) Registered DemocratAdam Lanza - Registered DemocratEric Harris and Dylan Klebold - Too young to vote but families were registered Democrats and Liberal Progressives.The problem with CO &amp; other places that are in the toilet is they give Democrats the majority, they should VOTE every single one that agreed to this OUT! Their state would be better off all the way around. None of this will change anything except for the law abiding citizen which is what they really want &amp; this is just the first step in really getting rid of all firearms from law abidding citizens, there is plenty of evidence out there this is their ultimate goal all you have to do is look &amp; it's not from what the left likes to call Faux news,Limbaugh, Beck, etc.....it is actual video &amp; transcripts of Democrats saying just that themselves. Face it people the politicians no longer work for the people, they do whatever they want &amp; think they control you, not the other way around. People from Democrat ruined states move to states that are doing well &amp; then vote Democrat &amp; ruin them.

I dont't understand why the Gov. wants to CALIFORNICATE--------

Well, I'd say that, much like other places in our fine nation, the voters will have their opportunity to let Gov. Hickenlooper know exactly how they feel.

I will be spending my tourist $ elsewhere this year.

12 Americans are killed every day by illegal invaders. Thats a heck of a lot more then are being killed by wackos with rifles. The laws are already in place to lock up the illegals, how about the FEDs start doing their frigging jobs for once!

FACT: Obama's admin went into Colo. and made deals with these state reps....many turned...so these reps sacrificed their constituents for re-election help next election....Funny thing is, didn't they see the 2010 returns?  They will be thrown under the bus.

The Gov. looks like a loony tune! Vote them all out next chance!

Left/liberal nanny statism comes to Colorado... politicians out of touch with the people, to be sure.  2nd Amendment is a civil right like the freedoms of speech and religion is this country.

That was one of the reasons I left, Too many californiacaters moved in.

I am a proud member of the well regulated militia and anyone who infringes upon my rights will be unemployed after the next election.Come to Texas where this nonsense doesnt happen

The old sixties hippies ruined the state of California, migrated in Colorado and destroying that state also.  Funny how they fought against the establishment only to become the establishment.

So what does then governor think of Cars that can EXCEED the Speed Limit . You don't need that so LIMIT them too . Where will it end ?

The reason Holmes wasn't able to kill more people was because his ridiculous 100 round drum kept jamming. Most people were hit by his shotgun. Keep your grubby mitts off my magazines

Not too worry, the Dems will buy the illegal alien vote with your tax dollars.

Waste time and make laws to please some people.... knowing full well that the laws wont work....Call it PROGRESSIVE.......

They better be packing up to return to the private sector.

“The most violent element in society is ignorance.”  ~Emma GoldmanThe liberal left certainly has plenty of that. Who are you to associate responsible gun owners with the likes of the Aurora or Sandy Hook or any others mass shooters? Who are you to make decisions about what type of gun I can own and not own? I won't be disarmed because of liberal fear and the media's irresponsibility. I don't have to justify my need to own something - IF - this is a free country. The liberal is the greatest threat to life and liberty.

the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed......What don't we understand about THE RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS, SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED???????Forget the idiot arguments about  what is needed, If I have a magazine that has 10 or 15 or 30 is not relevant. I can fire offf 3 10's in the same time as I can a magazine with 30.A whacko will still get the high capacity gun or modify one to his needs. Remember chinese have strict laws, but 22 children were stabbed by a whacko the same day 20 children in shot at Sandy Hook. Whacko's will find a way to act stupid,

Magpul, pack up and get out. This state has gone to schit, the Californian's have taken over. I lived there for a couple of years and it's a beautiful place but the government sucks.The good news is that Obama's overreach will destroy the liberal agenda in America for a generation to come. If Obama doesn't end up destroying America first.

Obviously it's much easier to push the law-abiding citizen around, but what does that really accomplish, beyond making the bureaucracy and its fans feel better about themselves?

This is for those anti-gun nuts always spouting off about England and the rest of Europe, this is how nice it has REALLY become since people there are no longer able to protect theirselves or their families. (From a British newspaper, not a American one.) --- violent crime in the UK had increased from 652,974 offences in 1998 to more than 1.15 million crimes in 2007. It means there are over 2,000 crimes recorded per 100,000 population in the UK, making it the most violent place in Europe. Austria is second, with a rate of 1,677 per 100,000 people, followed by Sweden, Belgium, Finland and Holland. By comparison, America has an estimated rate of 466 violent crimes per 100,000 population. France recorded 324,765 violent crimes in 2007 – a 67 per cent increase in the past decade – at a rate of 504 per 100,000 population.

You can not supress free men, you have to make them criminals first.

Those that applaud this will grow to hate it as every business that has to do with guns begin to pack and leave the state. And before you say thats good think about how you will replace the jobs and tax base.

Libs cry so much about "protecting" the children to advance their gun grabbing agenda..... But they let child sex offenders have light sentences and they KILL more babies than ALL the wars ever have...

Hey Lib's and Dem's...My friend was caught on a roof top during the LA riots. 53 dead, 2000 injured, over $1 billion in damages. 100's of black people killing and looting because they didn't get a verdict they expected in the Rodney King trial.A deer rifle or Bidens side by side noise maker is not the best choice for protection. Try an AR with as many extended magazines as I can carry...much better choice because I can't afford a tank.

"Today, we need a nation of Minutemen, citizens who are not only prepared to take arms, but citizens who regard the preservation of freedom as the basic purpose of their daily life and who are willing to consciously work and sacrifice for that freedom."- John F. Kennedy

This what big money from Bloomberg can buy. Now, if you don't want to see the millions in hunting dollars from out of state go somewhere else, vote them out now!

Liberalism is a disease.Other Democratic gun control proposals are pending in the state Legislature ... -- The founding fathers would roll over in their graves if they heard that statement. Why do you think they included the phrase "Shall not be infringed" in the Bill of Rights? Out of all the inalienable civil rights guaranteed (not given) by the Bill of Rights, the Second Amendment is the only one that comes with a warning that says "Shall not be infringed". It's the only right in the Bill or Rights where the founding fathers found it necessary to say "Don't try pulling this apart one little piece at a time by passing laws that water it down". That's some pretty good foresight on their part.On the other hand, they were kind of gun control experts. British monarchs and the Kings of Europe had been trying to pass laws to keep guns and other weapons out of their hands for centuries. Peasants are hard to control when they are armed. There was even a gun grab before the war for independence.There is nothing "democratic" about infringing on the Bill of Rights. The founding fathers refused to give the government an army (called a standing army). Instead, they insisted that We the People BE the army. That's what that whole "militia" thing is. Their idea was that everyone in the country should own their own weapons and be trained as an army. That way, the government could not use that army against We the People the way the British monarchs had.They believed that We the People should control the government rather then the government controlling We the People. And so they refused to let the government have an army. Years later, it was decided by others that we needed a Federal army as well as state guards. (The national guard is legally controlled by the Federal government and is thus part of the Federal army.) That made it more, not less, necessary for We the People to be armed in order to continue being in control of the government.Democracy cannot stand if those in power should ever decide to stop counting the votes and just do whatever they like. And the Second Amendment is there to make them think twice before they make that decision to stop counting the votes. Why? Well, because the voters have guns; it might be wise not to tick ALL of them off at once by not countring the votes.

This is what happens when the Califorinia liberals leave thier state (that they screwed up and cannot live in anymore) and go to another state to live! Colorado was so nice before the California transplants!

And when these political opportunist are asked,"Why did you vote against our wishes?" by those they represent they'll all point to the left or the right and say, "It wasn't ME it was THEM!"

It's simple Colorado, vote out the libs that took away your rights and replace them with politicians that respect you rights and who will repeal their legislation.  Now get to work, don't have a short memory.

These politicians do not get paid for their change of heart or opinions!  They get paid to represent the majority vote!

Doesn't Colorado still hang horse thieves,corrupt governors and judges ?

From NY to California Democrat-Liberals are taking away peoples Individual Rights while at the same time asking for more TAXES to be raised so they can spend more! Personally I think ALOT of people can,t wait for the next election! I know I can,t.

The Second Amendment was designed to ensure that individuals retained the right and means to defend themselves against any illegitimate attempt to do them harm, be it an attempt by a private outlaw or government agents violating their trust under the color of law. The Second Amendment was meant to guarantee individuals the right to protect themselves against government as much as against private bad guys and gangs.The gun grabbers’ assault on firearms is not only, not even primarily an attack merely on the means of self-defense but more fundamentally, the gun grabbers are engaged in a blatant attack on the very legitimacy of self-defense itself. It’s not really about the guns; it is about the government’s ability to demand submission of the people. Gun control is part and parcel of the ongoing collectivist effort to eviscerate individual sovereignty and replace it with dependence upon and allegiance to the state.There is indeed a bloodbath coming over 2A rights.  It's called the mid-term elections.

He changed his mind when Bloomberg's money started rolling in. A traitor to his state is what he is!

If I was a criminal intent on killing people, do you think new laws requiring a background check would prevent me from obtaining a firearm?   The dummy democratic legislators are trying to tell criminals to get their guns legally?The problem with the govenors thought process is you can make all the gun laws you want and the criminal will not pay any attention to them and still have guns. The other problem with his thinking is you can have all the background check you want and still the mentally ill will get hold of a weapon if they want too. Lanza didn't own a gun, but was able to obtain his mothers after killing her. These laws are worthless and so are the politicians that back them.

"Surely, Second Amendment advocates and gun control supporters can find common ground in support of this proposition: Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.First off there is no "common ground" when referring to the 2nd amendment "shall NOT be infringed".Second these new laws will not keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people!

Keep America free , Support and defend the U S Constitution .

To get things in perspective - in 1965 many of obamas cabinet was creating civil disobedience and getting scorned for it - now they control our government while many voters sit by still dripping with excitement we re-elected our first black president - what fools

Hickandlick must be voted out!!

Petition for a RECALL Vote ! You have Constitutional Rights ! They work for YOU and don't Forget it !

this    fraud   can  not  go  against  the   secound  amendment,  unless  we  the people  vote  to  change  it  he  is #$%$  aginest  the   wind  like  all  the      commucrats here  in  america   i  always  thought  they  were  commmies   and  now  i  know  they  are  , if  this  keeps   up       it  will  be  hiel  hitler   all over  again

I will NEVER give my support or vote in anyone who votes for or signs any bill, proposition or pattition against our 2nd ammendment rights!

The issue isn't gun control but state control --obtuse and arbitrary state control, state control run amok. ...

It amazes me how many idiots comment that have no clue to why we have a Second Amendment.  Try reading The Jefferson papers, Paine's letters and notes and George Mason's book on the 2nd.  Liberal sheep are a greater threat to freedom than any terrorist ever could be."Include a ban on gun ownership for people accused of domestic violence crimes."  Whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty??  Can anyone understand these type of things are why our Founding Fathers approved the Second Amendment.

I am just barely old enough to remember when hardware stores and Sears could sell you a gun.

The same government trying to pass restrictions on firearms recently tried to pass bills censoring the internet (SOPA and PIPA), passed legislation allowing for the indefinite detention of American citizens without a trial (NDAA), passed legislation making it a felony to protest at events (without receiving prior permission) where individuals receiving secret service protection are present (HR 347), and has made it a policy to assassinate American citizens without due process (in violation of the 5th amendment). Why should we surrender more rights to said institution?

I would think that Marijuana and guns don't mix.

never never never vote for another democrat....

Gun Control laws are like all laws, they are intended to control the law abiding citizens. We all know that criminals will not follow the new laws any more than they followed the old laws. So the real question is, why does the government not want the law abiding citizens to have guns?

This just in!  Sen. Dianne Feinstein's so called "assault weapon" provision has been stricken from the gun control bill by none other than Dirty Harry Reid himself.  Why?  Because even he knows it doesn't stand a Snickers Bar chance at a Jenny Craig convention of passing.  Watch closely, Feinstein will try to stick this onto something else as it is her pet project for the last 20 years.  California, most of the liberal idiots who elected this person have deserted your state and moved to Colorado (where they are trying to Kalifornicate it) so why should you keep voting her in?

It's the misfortune of all Countries,that they sometimes lie under a unhappy necessityto defend themselves by Armsagainst the ambition of their Governors,and to fight for what's their own.If those in government are heedless of reason,the people must patiently submit to Bondage,or stand upon their own Defence;which if they are enabled to do,they shall never be put upon it,but their Swords may grow rusty in their hands;for that Nation is surest to live in Peace,that is most capable of making War;and a Man that hath a Sword by his side,shall have least occasion to make use of it."-- John Trenchard(1662-1723)

hickenlooper your on your way out if you sign this law or not now you have shown your colors and there all yellow and you must go!

One has to hope that the voters will be smarter now, then in the past, and vote them out.Ha!  The gun grabbers in Colorado are going to pay the ultimate price for their liberal foolishness:  they will be out of a job.

Signing gun control into law should be like signing your own political death sentence.

Depressing how we allow one lunatic with a gun to erode the freedoms of all other law abiding citizens. Can't wait for next election and the chance to vote the anti-gun liberals out of office.

Ban that mental illness known as liberalism.

I like the idea one gun company had (I forget the name)They basically came out and said that whatever is banned, they will also NOT sell to the police or any other government agency.

I must admit, Gov. Shickenpooper had me convinced that he was a moderate Democrat.  Now I see the true colors--just another socialist worried about law abiding citizens' right to arms.

all you anti-gun nuts, there are plenty of places you can go if you don't want guns, how bout Mexico, no private citizens there can legally own a gun, perfect place for you anti-american f==ks

Human beings are the only species on this planet who pay to be controlled by others.

COLORADIANS... this is your wake up call. Not a call to arms but a call to the ballot box. MAGPUL has announced that it is in fact leaving COLORADO and will do so within 30 days. The remainder of MAGPUL manufacturing operations will be moved as soon as possible.You need representation that is representative of COLORADIANS, not Californian transplants.

That's what happens when you open your arms to Californians. Soon you won't be able to fart without an egr valve, from your butt to your mouth.Once the liberals believe they have nibbled away at enough of the 2nd ammendment to safely begin their true goal, confiscation; it will happen quickly once they start.  Mark my words.

ratcheting back gun rights = making it easier for criminals to have power

One part of the ban states "A person that has been ACCUSED of Domestic Violence," is considered guilty.  The ACCUSED is the key word, what happened to innocent until proven guilty?  Obviously an individual shouldn't be allow access if there is just cause, but just being ACCUSED could translate into almost any situation.  To many terms in these new laws like "pistol grip" are inserted without any idea of the ramifications .......  OR MAYBE THEY DO KNOW ALL THOSE WORDS THAT SEEM INNOCENT MEANS A COMPLETE BAN ON ALL HANDGUNS and many others too.

The next election will be interesting in CO.

What did they put in the water??? The Aurora shooter's AR-15 with the drum magazine, JAMMED, which means (for those of you to stupid to own a dictionary) IT DIDN'T WORK! The shooter then used a different gun with to kill all those people. Another Example, COLUMBINE, anyone remember that??? I do, and for those of you who need to be refreshed on that one,  those two kids used SHOTGUNS and HAND GUNS to kill because THERE WAS AN ASSAULT RIFLE BAN active at that time. Did it stop them??? NO! Wake up before it's too late, before the beautiful state of Colorado LOSES is tourists and it's money. BTW: COORS needs to follow Magpul, because they are on the boycott list.

So Colorado votes in weed and gun restrictions but refuses Jessica's Law.How proud all of you must be...

Colorado used to be a great place, that is until California was destroyed by liberals and so many of them then moved to Colorado. They leave mayhem in their path, these small-minded creatures.

What would liberals have done, if he didn't get a gun and stole his mothers car, ran it into the playground killed 20 kids?  Would we all be walking?  Driving is not a right, but owning a gun is.  You liberal pigs make no sense and have no direction.

Magpul will really enjoy operating in their new facility in Texas .

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). Whats the differance between three ten round magazines and one thirty? About two seconds.These people ARE that stupid.For the last time (not really): YOU CANNOT BUY GUNS ONLINE WITHOUT TRANSFERRING THE WEAPON TO AN FFL DEALER, WHO WILL GIVE YOU A BACKGROUND CHECK BEFORE TRANSFERRING THE WEAPON TO YOU. Is this that hard of a concept to understand? It the same in every state in the U.S.!

colorado needs to worry more about being a safe haven for child rapists ,and less about law abiding gun owners , pass jessy's law you arrogant slime !!!

Obama &amp; Bloomberg is by far the most dangerous politicians in America

Hillary may have just lost Colorado's electoral votes.

2nd amendment is to protect yourself from government. As such, every citizen has a right to own personal weapons equivalent to those personal weapons provided by the military.

You would hope they face peril that is broader ranging than a possible end to their political careers. These are high crimes agains our Constitutional rights.

No better than Obama, Shotgun Joe, Dianne Feinstein and the rest of that anti-gun rabble that are hell bent on destroying America. DeDe I have 73 years on the job and I am due some respect from you. Why don't you go home?

these democrats are dead meat next electoin.

What's a Hickenlooper?

The other night I heard a strange sound, and upon investigating saw my handgun and shotgun trying to get out the front door. They almost had it open when I stopped and scolded them. Bad guns! Bad guns! Get back in the closet! They were determined to go out and cause mayhem, for sure.They should be at great political peril as traitors to the constitution.

It's going to be hard for that many unemployed Democrat politicians to find lobbying jobs in 2014.

Press Release:" The Association of Muggers, Rapists, and Thieves have endorsed these new laws and would like to thank those who voted for them as it is a step in the right direction toproviding a safer work environement for our members."

"Today, we need a nation of Minutemen, citizens who are not only prepared to take arms, but citizens who regard the preservation of freedom as the basic purpose of their daily life and who are willing to consciously work and sacrifice for that freedom."- John F. Kennedy

Colorado used to be a very cool place then all the left coasters moved in to escape the mess they made of California and ,not being very bright, are now messing up Colorado. Blue states suck.

since the Gun Free School Zone Act(1990) was passed there have been almost 100 school shootings ... is it working?

When will the left be smart enough to realize that no laws will prevent unlawful people from doing anything

The Democrats told you what they were all about during the last campaign cycle; gun control, gays, global warming and amnesty; and you still voted for them.  Now you are all outraged when they do exactly what they said they would.  Were those free condoms worth It?

Clean house in 2014 Colorado, they will try again, don't trust them.

Welcome to the new Demorat tree humping Subaru driving world. If you didn't vote then this is your fault.The liberals are going way overboard now. Proposing laws where being ACCUSED of domestic-violence crimes would take away your 2 ND amendment rights is way over the line. What happened to innocent until proven guilty?

Colorado has become another California.  Problem is Colorado is a beautiful state, so you have a lot of east coast fools move to  Colorado and they want to change things.  Colorado is going to become another California.  Democrats are  going to start pushing for feel good laws, higher taxes.

You Coloradans voted for this by voting Democrat; you'll have to face the consequences of your poor choices. We here in NC decided that we wanted the Republicans to hold both the governorship and the legislature at the same time for the 1st time in 186 years in 2012. We got fed up.

Well.....I guess Colorado will have to serve as an example as to what happens to freedom hating lib(tards) who pretend to be moderates......Sadly some good people are going to have their rights curtailed as a result.I'd suggest moving to a state that still believes in the constitution along with the companies that will be leaving Colorado. Maybe with time you can vote these vermin out of office and begin to repair the damage wrought by liberal extremists.

Colorado... BEN FRANKLIN said this about YOU...."They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither safety nor liberty. "

So its ok to run a background check on me before I can buy a gun but it's somehow unconstitutional to check citizenship for someone to vote? How does that work?

These gun laws are aimed at disarming the lawful citizens , they have nothing to do with crime facts. Facts just get in there way . This is what the progressives do.

Why would any politician push for stricter gun control when the violent crime rate usually increases right along with it?

I used to like to go to Colorado and did so almost yearly. Now I will either stop in northern New Mexico or drive up through Kansas and Nebraska then over to Wyoming. Not one more of my dimes will be spent in Colorado.

If gun control actually works, why were more Americans killed in chicago (with some of the strictest gun laws in the country) than in afghanistan in 2012?!!!!Colorado has lost its mind!!! Another reason as to why I'm looking to move my company and taking 100 employees with me.............fact is Hickenlooper is an idiot as well as the LIBTURDS that are cramming their agenda down our throats!!!

dimocraps cant help it,,,they born idiots,,&amp; will vote like a herd of chickens.

I have my list of congressmen, and Governor.  I WILL VOTE AGAINST THEM NEXT ELECTION, regardless of who is running.  My message will be very clear, I hope yours will be also.  Those that did not support this; did not scream loud enough to get my attention.

Now colorado know the meaning of #$%$ !!!LOL!!!

MAGPUL needs to announce the move to another state even before the ink is dry.  Florida or Texas is a good place to move to.

The John Denver song " wouldn't you rather be in Colorado" the answer is NO!

Texas FACTS:) TX is # 14 gdp in the world by itself (just behind Russia)) Texas GDP continues to climb, while CA GDP falls) TX unemployment rate is 6.1%, below national average of 7.7%) 30% of all jobs under Obama Admin have been created in TX) TX is 2nd most populous state) TX is only state with enough resources to exist on its own) TX has military, TX Rangers, NASA, ocean access, and industry) almost 25% of all US soliders come from TXThe real question is, does TX need the USA?

Problems with these new laws.1. High capacity magazines are already out there, and can still be purchased across state lines. You will NEVER get rid of them.2. A high capacity magazine or smaller magazine will NOT stop someone from doing the crime. They will either reload, or bring another weapon.3. Banning an assault rifle is silly considering it fires the same way, uses the same ammo, uses the same magazine and parts as a non-assault rifle. The difference is all cosmetic.4. A fully loaded shotgun can do way more damage than a rifle when used at close range.5. MOST gun crimes are with handguns, not rifles or shotguns.6. Even if you banned guns completely, if someone wanted to cause mass harm, they will find another way. (Oklahoma City bombing, and 911, no guns used)7. Adam Lanza would have passed a background check before the shootings in Newtown.8. James Holmes would have passed this new background check before the killings in Aurora.9. Tougher gun control DOES NOT WORK. Look at major cities like Chicago, LA, etc.. How is higher gun control helping their crime rate? What were the current gun laws of Newtown and Aurora at the time of the killings?We have a mental problem here, and that is NOT being addressed.Instead, the politicians are seizing the moment to take away or limit some of your rights.To be clear, I do NOT own a gun. But I also value my rights, and any time the government looks to limit those rights, be warned, more is coming.If you don't want a gun in your home, that's fine, don't own one, but don't force YOUR beliefs on me by going after my rights.

This is a damn shame. You guys just legalized marijuana, but now you outlaw gun rights? Liberalism is a mental illness.

The elected people that voted for this gun control law betrayed their oath of office to uphold the US Constitution; why would anyone trust them? This stupid law will never make Constitutional muster at the Supreme Court; but, it will turn a blue state, red for decades.  Very sad.  Amazingly stupid.If you don't have a gun, freedom of speech has no power.

If you keep telling people the big lie over &amp; over &amp; over again, they will all believe in you..........Adolf Hitler! Given that we don,t want Germanys history repeating itself here in the US.

You wanna do something constructive for the state aehole, get rid of the illegals so we can work, prick.

Liberals: “Do as we demand or we'll shout you down and demonize you as a racist, terrorist, and, well anything else we can think of at the time.”

It's time for the people to speak....Not the liberal media.Obviously the citizen is not being represented.

I will be happily moving with my business to a state that believes in the constitution. Hickenlooper can kiss my.

Have a state wide referendum and repeal the laws.  The PEOPLE will have spoken.  Then initiate a recall against the governor.

AS they say in Prison" Dead Man Walking". These careers are dead

The right of the people to keep and bear arms, is not a guideline, its an absolute restriction of government power.  Its not a suggestion, these are absolute uncompromising rights.

Democrats have dug their own graves,with Pelosi,Reid, Obama and a few others that are Obamaites! You stomp on the constitution long enough, people wake up!Why create additional laws when they don't enforce the current ones ?? We will remember in 2014 who is pushing to whittle away at our rights, then we will work on 2016 !!  We will not forget who is for upholding our rights and who wants to take away.

Obama is a national embarrassment.

thought I would enjoy scaring all those anti-gun folks that think that only the Military or Police should have weapons. All of the weapons for the Military and the Police are made by private citizens before they are sold to the Government. Explosives, Rockets, Grenades, Fighter Jets, Tanks &amp; Guns are all made by private companies :)

SAD..One More Step At Disarming America

I personally am sick and tired of hearing about taking my gun , limit ammo, smaller magizines and background checks. Hear is my answer to all. No individual that takes mind altering drugs should have a gun or that house hold. (period) and to the criminal that committes a crime using a gun life without parole. Problem fixed. Now we need plliticians with balls.

What has happened to that once great state?

Take note, people of Colorado - this is what you get when you elect a supposed "moderate" - a weak-kneed liberal who talks out of both sides of his mouth.

What would you expect from someone named Hickenlooper?

hicken looper if your smart you will kill the bill!

A couple of loons go off the deep end, and by loons I mean people who were known to have mental problems and were either allowed access to guns or not reported on, wound and kill men, women and children for no other reason than they can. The Lib. kneejerk reaction is to limit every ones rights, instead of looking into the real problem, MENTAL HEALTH. Had just a couple of people spoke up, more people would be alive today. Let's not hurt any ones feelings, instead lets wait and hope for the best. Stupid!!!!!How does limiting magazine size keep guns out of the hands of the wrong people?  You already have to have a gun shipped to an FFL dealer if you buy one online, it has been that way since 1986.   ANd I suppose the governer is completely ignoring that the theater was deemed a "gun free zone" which is a provision of the last gun control law they passed in Colorado.Once again Liberals punishing everyone for what some nutjob did.  A nutjob who grew up in California nonetheless, the meca of impotent gun laws.

I hope the Democrats don't back down; in fact I hope they get even bolder in their attacks on our rights. That is the only thing that's going to wake the low information voters the media has purposefully created through their reporting up to the reality of what liberalsim really is; facism.

These Represenatives don't have any fears as no one is going to shoot them in their highly "Body Guarded" buildings. Its the rest of the American Citizens that have to worry!

Every one of these recent shooters has had ties to the Liberal Left!  But it's the lawful on the Right that gets the blame!

DON'T TELL ME THAT THERE ISN'T THE POSSIBILITY OF TYRANNICAL GOVT...This occurred Saturday night to Shawn Moore of NJ...Last night I was out with a buddy of mine. I got a text from my wife that the cops and dyfs are at the house and they wanna check out my guns and needed me to open my safe.I’m instantly on my way. I get in contact with evan Nappen (attorney) on the way. I explain the situation. I walk in my house and hand the phone to the first cop I see. Then direct all of em outside. Dyfs got a call because of a pic on my son holding a gun. They wanted to look around and check all my guns out, make sure they were all registered. Obviously that didn't go well because I refused. I had Nappen on speaker phone the entire time so they had to deal with both of us. They kept trying to pressure me to open my safe. They had no warrant, no charges, nothing. I didn’t budge. I was told I was being “unreasonable” and that I was acting suspicious because I wouldn’t open my safe. Told me they were gonna get a search warrant. Told em go ahead. Nappen (my lawyer) asked me for the dyfs workers name. she wouldn't give it. i asked for credentials and she wouldn't show em. i tried to take a pic of her and she turned around real fast and walked away. After a while of them threatening to take my kids, get warrants and intimidation they left. Empty handed and seeing nothing.People it can happen that fast.

Gun control laws will only make criminals out of otherwise law abiding citizens.

Here's a question:If voting is a right and requiring a picture ID to vote is an infringement on that right because photo IDs can cost money (even though voter IDs are issued free of charge), how can the state charge people a fee to run a background check in order to purchase a firearm, which is also an undeniable constitutional right?

This administration and it's lib(tard) propaganda wing have spent years now dividing this country along every line they have been able to identify and whipping people into a frenzy over hot button issues to advance their agenda...Disarming the public is the next logical step and divided we will fall. The upside is that they seem to have taken on the one issue that brings us together and Democrats will loose seats as a direct result. No question about it.

Want your grandkids to live in a 1st world representative republic or do you want them to live in a 3rd world socialist chethole where you tell them stories about what it was like to live in a 1st world representative republic? If you choose the first, then you better start voting out the liberals.

Hickenpooper and his supporter have to go.I hope that this is heard all over the country. Especially Illinois, considering the asinine politics of the dumb #$%$, liberal Democrat's. I've been a victim of multiple crimes, that could have been stopped and avoided just by being prepared! Get rid of these full time Politicians.

During the Revolutionary War era, the British recognized the colonists would use their weapons to defend themselves, so they made efforts to confiscate as many weapons as they could. If you recall, this was the primary instigation of the Battles of Lexington and Concord, the first battles of the Revolution. These battles erupted when the British were trying to capture the colonists' weapons and ammunition stores at Concord.

“Crouch down and lick the hand that feeds you; May your chains set lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen.”—Samuel Adams

Take away Feinstein's gun license.

Deep in their hearts, even liberals know that just the possibility of having a firearm in your home provides some increased degree of safety. Otherwise, they would all put big "Gun Free &amp; Proud Of It" signs in their front yards!!!

The Democrats have been using outright lies to pass their radical agenda and the media has been more than happy to play along.  This overreaching play will turn Colorado once again into a red state and they don't even see it coming.  Amazing.

Glad I do not live there.

Governor...you have just committed political suicide.

The liberal East which abounds in money moves a bunch of it West to bring liberals ideas to what was once a wonderful state that embraced freedom.  Soon you won't be able to tell the difference between what was once a abundantly free Colorado from those states like New York or Massachusetts that have been dominated by liberal oppression for so long that the word freedom has lost all meaning to them.

They just made all those 3 gun shooting trounements illegal in Colorado.  So all those people in Colorado will go out of state and none will come in. What will that cost the state?It's amazing that people who took an oath to obey and defend the constitution are in a frenzy to overrule it.

I just don't get why you people vote Democrat. You must really hate yourselves.

All gun manufacturers need to discontinue sales of any firearms to any Co. state police and National Guard units. If they are willing to take away the people's right to own firearms and restrict sales of legal components, then they have no business purchasing any weapons themselves. Ammunition manufacturers also should discontinue any sales to this government as well. Let's put the politicians at risk as much as they are willing to put the people of their state at risk.

As free American citizens (FOR NOW) we need to vote out anybody that is trying to take Any of our rights away!! Once you lose your rights, you never get them back!!

Democrats will pay a heavy price next election.

There is no common ground when it comes to the 2nd Amendment

Wake up liberals, the American people have no appetite for the incrimental errosion of our liberties.  Let this backlash in Colorado serve as a warning to the national figures!  Vote all these liberal idiots out of office.

Colorado is going to lose a lot of business from the hunters across America.  They will go to the surrounding states where firearms ownership is not considered such a horrible thing.

HIS THINKING CHANGED ???   Lying POS.  People voted him in because he stood for certain principles.  They agreed.  Now he "changed his thinking?"  Lying dirtbag.

Colorado...  AVOID THE TRUTH... it is MENTAL HEALTH  NOT GUNS... the CARNAGE WILL CONTINUE until YOU FACE THE FACTS....!!!!   Nothing but Liberal politics and CONTROL...   I will boycott anything from Colorado, and Never go back until this is overturned... START THE LAW SUITS NOW!!    Magpul.. I commend your ACTIONS of GETTING OUT RIGHT AWAY... !!!What they did here is the same thing New York did, no one makes 7 round magazines and few to none will tool up to just supply new york laws.  Colorado require serial numbers on the magazines and again few manufacturers are going to manufacture just for Colorado, they are going after the magazines in such a way, no gun manufacturer will bother with them.  This way the anti gun groups can say we didn't ban guns, all they have done is made laws so none to few will supply the state with magazines.

GO COLORADO!!  Flush out the liberal dimwit politicians!

Hickenlooper is out. He is a spineless politician that caves to the pressure of his party, instead of standing up for the people that elected him.Mr Hickenlooper the people of Colorado are tired of politicians like you. Pack your bags.

The Colorado police should go take care of that POS! Treason should be a good enough charge. Then beat him to a pulp &amp; say he resisted arrest.

WE havem, YOU wantem, Come and Takem

Taking rights away from honest citizens because of the acts of a lunatic makes absolutely no sense.

When Obama won, America LOST.

BOYCOTT COLORADO. You want to limit my rights as a law abiding citizen and step on constitutional freedoms and liberties. To hell with Colorado. BAN COLORADO TOURISM!! BAN COLORADO BUSINESSES!!! BAN COLORADO!!

Lets run all these gun laws by the mentally ill and the criminals to make sure we are getting it right ,is that not what all this is supposed to accomplish to make sure criminals do not have guns as well as the mentally ill ? Maybe they could poll the prisons and the mental hospitals ,because we all know politicians love polls

The constitution of The United States Of America should and must be required reading on  all levels of education . That is how you keep America strong and helps weed out the socialist and communist up bringing .This is what happens when you let a democrat do your thinking for you .

If these gun grabbers think that I will give up my means of protection, they are lunatics.

Tyrant De'jour

We REAL Americans. War is upon us. We Now are at War with this Socialist REGIME. Ran by none other, than OBOGUS and His LIB/DEM Party. We Now have to stand our ground and Fight Back. Our supposed Conservative Reps are now MIA. Now is the time to find a REAL Conservative Leader and Support HIM/HER. if we don't we lose Everything this country has worked to make. OUR RIGHTS and LIBERTIES OUR LIVES are at stake. Show support to ALL who are on OUR SIDE. Be  it Gun makers or Anyone who still believes in FREEDOM. Get together, form up. Little groups make Big groups Fight back with Words, Calls, Letters and Deeds. FIGH FIGHT FIGHT. OBOGUS MUST NOT WIN

Hope this gov. has his resume up to date. He's gonna need it. And all the other dems that voted this in.

well that state won't get my money,hunt somewhere else now.

if this governor sighns this bill he will be voted out of office it clearly shows the people of colorado are against these bill because it has nothing to do with the problem, and law abiding people should not be punished for crimnal acts.

Real Coloradans, time to stop the outside influences (such as bloomberg) making policy for you. Colorado was a great state. But you have been disgraced by these "moderates" than have stolen your rights in the name of safety. Vote out these pretend, displaced calis that call themselves Coloradans and stand up for your rights. Next thing your politicans will want is more taxes to suppport a sanctuary state and more nanny laws.

Why do you think that no military in the world uses "drum" magazines?  They do not work.  They jam.

It's always been better to be tried by twelve than carried by six.If you think gun control is a good thing read the history of the Native American tribes in America.  If you have sympathy with them you will run democrats out of America.

If they ban certain weapons they can look to not get re-elected...and that's a fact..

Funny they should mention Doc holiday &amp; Buffalo Bill... has the crime rate gone down since their time and with all the new gun laws over the last 100 years... ? Did Buffalo Bill shoot up any theaters full of unarmed people? Maybe... just maybe its the people - not the guns...

Governor, good luck with that new job at Starbucks.

Voter backlash on this issue will be HUGE!

HANNG THEM ALL AS TRAITORS!!Do as ANY patriot would do: IGNORE THE LAW!!Laws that are UNCONSTITUTIONAL ARE ILLEGAL and SHALL NEVER BE OBEYED!YOU do NOT run the country, WE THE PEOPLE RUN IT...OBEY US OR DIE!

You screw with my guns...you loose elections.

Other Democratic gun control proposals are pending in the state Legislature ... - When did the word "democratic" begin being owned by the Democrat party? My whole life I never heard the two words tied together until I suddenly started hearing it a couple of years ago. The Democrats push a socialist anti-democratic agenda most of the time. Are we changing the meaning of the word democratic now to equal socialist? Apparantly, we are.Maybe not every Democrat wants socialism, but certainly the party over all is pushing for socialist control.Democratic means independence, self sufficiancy, We the People being in control of the government, distribution of wealth based on rewarding those who work to benifit society in accordance to how much society values that benifit. It's a system of merit, where you work to earn what you get.Socialist means government control, dependence on government, the government controling We the People, and equal distribution of wealth regardless of whether you've earned anything or benifited society in any way or whether you sit home and watch TV all day while you let someone else do all the work. It's a system of taking from those who work to give to everyone equally regardless of whether they did any work.Let's not get the two confused.

A person intent on killing will not let some really stupid gun laws stop him.  He will make bombs or use a car or even a crop duster or Cessna. It is all about banning guns, there is no other agenda for the gun grabbers.

Colorado deserves what it gets for electing these nutcases to office.All your high crime cities have enormous gun control laws

is this part of the liberal environmentalist to return Colorado to the wild?

Money and a social agenda are what is tearing this country apart.    When will the fact that elected officals represent the people and not their ideas.    Vote them all out of office and start new.

Vote every Democrat out of office Colorado...If you have the guts.

Gun ownership is not the biggest problem in Colorado, it's illegals running this state into the ground.

"I ask, Sir, what is the militia? It is the whole people. To disarm the people is the best and most effectual way to enslave them."George MasonCo-author of the Second Amendmentduring Virginia's Convention to Ratify the Constitution, 1788

Hickenlopper along with the democrat legislature gave ILLEGAL ALIENS in state rates at Colorado colleges.  Impeach the ba$$tard.

The truth is there is no such thing as "Gun Control." It's people control. It's been proven time and time again by the very science the liberals say we should all trust that what the people control people want has no affect on crime. Calling it anything besides the truth of people control is a distraction and as long as you use their terms they win.

Use your powers of Recall.  Show them that VOTERS are the boss and recall them right now

You now have two choices first remove those that decided that they know better than the founing fathers. First by voting them out second by exercising our rights to ramove those who would destroy our country from within.  Anyone who promotes the gun restrictions is being tyrnical and should be removed and jailed.Gun owners unite and we can form the most powerful "SPECIAL INTEREST GROUP" - in the country.  Then these traitorous politicians will have to bow to us as they do to the gay rights groups and other minority groups.  We have the power - let's take it!!!!!!!!

"The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are laws of such a nature. They disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes.... Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man."- Thomas Jefferson   This was written over 200 years ago and people think these guys writings are outdated?

Here's an idea for the liberals.  They could call their crusade "The War on Guns".

VOTE the Governor OUT when he's up for re-election!

This guy just committed political suicide. No next term for this moron. It's Colorado, not New York. Good luck John on your next endeavor, maybe the Denver recycling plant will hire you!

Ever notice after every massacre they go after the people that didn't do it..?

Time to oust Hickenpooper and the rest of these libtard idiots!

Why is the radical muslim brotherhood can be trusted with our high tech weapons , butlaw abiding citizens arnt being trusted with high tech firearms ?

Already  read that a bunch of hunters are not going to hunt in CO. anymore. While this will be good for the local hunters, it will cost CO millions and thousands of jobs to those in that state who are employed in that industry.. Hunters vote with their pocket books.

Traitors to the constitution should be hung, not ousted from office.Do not forget the first dry run of the gun grab during Katrina where there is video of an elderly woman being asaulted by the gun grabbers

Vote the Democrats out in Colorado and across the nation. Their ways are bad ways and not meant for America.

The key passage here is: "to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said. There you go, "dangerous people", not "dangerous guns". I rest my case. Argue THAT, Libtards.

Did you ever stop to wonder why that the places in this country with the strickest gun control laws lead the country in violent crime?

To see first hand the wonderful and peaceful paradise that America will blossom into with full on gun control just go and visit Mexico.

“When governments fear the people, there is liberty. When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government.” - Thomas Jefferson

░█▀▀█▌▐█░░█▀▀█▌░█▀▀█░░░▐█▀▀█░█▀▀█▌░██▄░░██▄██░██▄░░░██░░█▄▄░░▐█░░█▄▄█▄░█▄▄░░░░▐█░░█░█▄▄█▄░█▄▄█░█░█░█░█▄▄█░░▀█░░█░░░░▐█░░█░░░█░█▄▄█░░░▐█▄▄█░█▄▄██░█░░█░█░▀░█░█░░█░░▄▄░

Colorado is becoming a joke.  "Gun control bills still pending in the state Legislature include a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes", like this one, are particularly troublesome because it addresses "accused" not convicted.  Man is innocent until proven guilty and unfounded accusations are alleged every day in America.

Throw the bums out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

A Person Who Demands Further Gun Control is Like a Chicken Rooting for Colonel Sanders."include a ban on gun ownership by people ACCUSED of domestic-violence crimes"Guilty until proven innocent, the new Democratic  standard!!!!

Man I can't get past two paragraphs of the All Propaganda network's "news" stories anymore before I want to vomit.  Have they resurrected the ghost of Herr Goebbels himself to help print this drivel?

Everybody watch this POS Governor commit political suicide when he signs the bill. By the time the voters rebel and the economy is in the garbage can from people leaving State and the loss of income from boycotts he will be toast. You want background checks. OK. Pay for them out of State funds and destroy all records. NO PROBLEM.

Liberalism is a mental disorder

Colofornia.

Gun control: The theory that a woman found dead in an alley, raped and strangled with her panty hose, is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound. - L. Neil Smith

"RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED"Written in Constitution for over 200 years and upheld by Supreme Court TWICE.WHAT DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND ?

I've come to the conclusion that Democrats are delusional and fall under the idea that illusions on prevention are far better than real ones.

Hey Liberals..If you insist I can simply swear I am not a criminal to vote why can't I do the same to buy a firearm..

Note to all the Anti Gun nuts...We will not comply and we are well armed.i really hope Magpul industries sticks to it's guns,so to speak,and pulls out.

You IDIOTS voted for them.

Colorado was built on the gun you stupid Hickenlooper, expel the liberals.

I'm all for teachers carrying guns. I would feel alot better knowing that the teacher has the right to protect my child. The democrats are all about making new laws instead of solving the problem. Shouldn't making schools safer be a priority over new gun laws.

Time to see what you are made of Colorado.  Guard dogs or sheep?  Make up your mind and vote.

Move out of this state and take your money with you and let the state go down the drain. Guns cant shoot by them selves it takes a bad government to take away your god given rights.

Boycott everything in Colorado! They legalize pot but outlaw guns! That makes about as much since as a Chiggar D~I~C~K in a Tick.

"Rachet back gun rights"...  One of very few articles that tells it how it is... That our rights are being taken away, one notch at a time.

let's limit gas tanks to 6 gallons to stop drunk drivers.....makes perfect lib dem drone sense to me.......................

As we debate about these "evil" guns that kill, James Holmes the real evil killer caught red handed in the act and leaving no doubts about who the shooter was, sits calmly in court being pictured as a victim of society. This guy planned his attack to the last detail and is going to play the insane role in court to save his hide.I keep reading about lack of background checks for internet sales. The ONLY way you can purchase a firearm online is thru a Federal Fireams Licensed Dealer (FFL) or if it's a relic (over 50 years old) with a 03FFL which is a Curio and Relics License. In both cases the FFL paperwork is done and the 03FFL holder has been cleared by ATF to purchase the firearms. There's a lot of mis information floating around about this issue.Well that clinches it. Next year the annual ski trip is to Utah

Don't believe for one second that these dictators care about public safety. This is about power and control and infringing on citizen's rights.

Our must stand united and get this DICTATOR politicians out now!  Contact your congressman/woman and defend these rights.  Go to Ruger website and you can send a predrafted letter to your states representatives, all you do is put in your info.  Defend your right to bear arms!

DUH.. I am Govenor... I know what is best for Colorado!!!!   POT  and more POT  and of course all the DRUG LORDS from MEXICO who kill people to sell more!!!    I know they will honor our new gun laws!!!     BY the Way... what happened to all those TAXES I was going to collect from  POT??   I mean people aren't buying it from drug dealers are they??  But my  DEMOCRAT LIBERALS told me that wouldn't happen ???   Well maybe I will work on getting more illegals to come here and vote illegally for me... You know like OBAMA CUOMO AND MALLOY ARE DOING!!

Not too surprising . The media portrayal of Colorado is always of a self reliant manly kind of place ...rugged and clinging to their Wild West heritage ...blah blah blah . Not really . They actually have turned into a kind of Great Plains version of Washington State , where the entire state is dominated poitically and economically by Seattle . Once you leave Seattle-Tacoma the place is a lot less Liberal . Same thing these days in Colorado ....since the 1990s they've been colonized by Californians who saw the state as a cheap alternative to California and brought their cash and political attitude . So what you have there now is a kind of " tail wagging the dog " political system where the " front range " urban area from Ft Collins down to Colorado Springs is the dominant political force and is totally yuppified ...the rest of the state is rural , mountainous , and way less concerned with all the follies happening " downtown " . It's a shame , too ....once you get out of Denver it's actually a very cool place .

Those who Vote for or Enact Gun Control Laws had best believe in what they are doing !!I see it as the END of thier POLITICAL CAREER !!!Everyone take Notes and VOTE !!!!!The Pro-gun,  Sportsmen, Hunters, believers in the 2nd Ammendment in Colorado need to do Everything possible to prevent these ANTI- Gun Laws from getting on the Books !!!!Every Gun Owner needs to  JOIN THE NRA !!!  It is the Largest and Loudest Voice for protection of the 2nd Ammendment and Gun Owner Rights !!!

dear colorado,ok, you choose to ignore the constitution of the united states.what about the following:Section 13. Right to bear arms. The right of no person to keep and bear arms in defense of his home, person and property, or in aid of the civil power when thereto legally summoned, shall be called in question; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to justify the practice of carrying concealed weapons.does it sound familier? it should, it is from YOUR STATE CONSTITUTION.

RECALL NOW !!!!!  ALL of them !

Go Magpul, anyone would want your company to move to their state. PLEASE do it. ASAP

I thought these dems said it was what the people wanted?Califorado here we come. Its open borders for illegals, gay marriage, high taxes, gun control, wind machines, electric cars and no God.

John Hickenlooper is lower than whale chit...

Bye Bye Libs!

When you have a President that acts the same way as the CO. Politicians they just want to Mock the Citizens and dub you as stupid fools until you Revolt against them with your VOTES !

I guess the plan worked, pass the pot laws, get everyone stoned, and then the politicians can do what they want with no worry about losing their jobs.

So limiting your ability to defend yourself will make you safer? Dont' ask that question to a shopowner that stood down a mob during the LA riots. When police are afraid to respond, plan B is AR 15 with a 30 round clip.

Need to set new standards for voting.1. Proof of Citizenship. If you where not born a citizen you must serve in the military before being allowed to vote.2. You must not have received any government aid for the past 5 years.(not counting entitlements for social security, Veterans Benefits, Retirements etc.)Specifically welfare, Food Stamps, HUD, Disibility or other handouts for low income/disability3. A simple Mouth swab drug test and breathalyzer (takes 30 seconds) they give them out for jobs frequently. To make sure you are not voting under the influence of something that could alter your common #$%$ sense.4. Felons should only lose their "Rights" if the jury decides it in a second unanimous decision. The government taking away your right to vote doesn't make sense. A jury of your peers saying your are incompetent does this allows a case by case basis.5. Any entity (person or corporation) receiving or hoping to receive government contracts may not vote/donate money for 5 years prior to or after attempting to receive a contract.The only way you could possibly argue this is:You are trying to get government money free. On drugs. Not a citizen. Or you know your candidate would not be voted in by competent voters.

I'd be happy to find bullets to put into a magazine.

Maybe Boombooger can move to Colorado and show the politicians there how to tell the people how to live like he does for the weak minded in New York?

DUH !!  Crimminals do NOT Obey Gun Laws !  It takes a Legal , Law Abiding Citizen 3 - 7 Days to buy a gun , but an Illegal Alien and Crimminals can buy a gun in less than 30 min in any major city .. Just look at Chicago , with it's Strictest Gun Laws? 5 - 10 People MURDERED everyday , !! When you Outlaw Guns , then ONLY Outlaws will HAVE Guns !If you value your 2nd Amendment rights, NEVER FORGET The DEMOCRATS aka (Progressives) would like nothing better than to relieve YOU of your weapons to protect you and your family from TYRANNY. They prefer you to be an "Un-Armed Subject" than an "Armed Citizen". 2014 is the year we put the Constitution back in Government. Vote OUT the Progressives. To value the 2nd Amendment and to vote Democrat in terms of speech, would be an oxymoron.Colorado WILL be a "Red" State come next election."The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government." Thomas Jefferson

What a joke.What these lefties are doing to a great state makes me sick to my stomach.  I hope all the Bloomberg and Obama funded wannabees are satisfied with their 15 minutes because they're all going bye bye next time they're up for election.

Twelve Americans are murdered every day by illegal aliens, according to statistics released by Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa. If those numbers are correct, it translates to 4,380 Americans murdered annually by illegal aliens. That’s 48,180 since Sept. 11, 2001. But the carnage wrought by illegal alien murderers represents only a fraction of the pool of blood spilled by American citizens as a result of an open border and un-enforced immigration laws. While King reports 12 Americans are murdered daily by illegal aliens, he says 13 are killed by drunk illegal alien drivers – for another annual death toll of 4,745. That’s 52,195 since Sept. 11, 2001.

And so the launch of Tyranny begins,  In a place where Freedom was the primary concern of settlers.

The Second Amendment is there because there may be need for armed overthrow of the government for removing self-protection rights and it is there to assure self protection is possible. The gun control supporters can't seem to comprehend that crazy people and criminals are not concerned about legally owning any gun; they will steal or find an illegal way to purchase anything they so desire.  This gun control law is a farce. These mass killers had multiple magazines and guns; apparently, they experienced ammunition jamming, so they simply switched weapons.  Sorry, a law that says crazies and criminals can't own one or two or more weapons will not stop them.  Crazies and criminals aren't likely to go to a MD for either a madness or criminal mind test.  Solution, fire the supporters of these laws and sue to stop enforcement.  The only thing that stops a bad person with a dun is a good person with a gun that knows how to shoot.  Support concealed carry and all gun ownership. Fire these idiots. Congress and Legislators have destroyed the nation fiscally, removed privacy rights, and now they want to deny us self-protection. Imagine the gross incompetence of government when it releases over 2000 illegals because of budget cuts in priority to releasing thousands of people whose only law violation is smoking a joint to escape the stupidity of living in a country with corrupt self-serving leaders. Fire them all; start over.

this is the first of many years my family will not visit Colorado for our vacation

Liberalism is a disease of the heart and mind. It is a dangerous and failed ideology that rewards laziness and incompetence, but punishes hard work and success. It is a severely skewed concept of "fairness" that takes from one and gives to another whether deserving or not. It favors special interest groups over individual liberty. It is the entire opposite of what our founding fathers had in mind. It is a system of entitlements that results in supply causing demand instead of the opposite. It is fiscally reckless and morally misdirected. It says it promotes tolerance and equality, but the result is racism and class warfare. It is a false belief that mankind can evolve for the better and that government can socially engineer a utopia. It is a cancer that spreads if left unchecked.

Colorado will no longer be getting my $s for annual skiing and hunting &amp; fishing. I already wrote to the CO board of tourism to voice my discust and to cancel travel plans. Magpul, I hope you're packing your bags and mags for a 2nd A friendly state. It would be fantastic if the fallout from these idiotic decisions would eradicate the liberal cancer that appears to have taken hold in CO, and other states, come the next election. Hickenpooper, I would keep a bag packed, as well.

A minute few with the bully pulpit of the d'kraap-owned media, propagates B-S on a majority of the populace that doesn't want it.  It's the libtuurd way!

You want the bottom line? Since the killings at Sandyhook, the NRA has had a net gain in membership of over 1/2 MILLION. Americans know who is crazy and who is not, and if you read the comments here you can see it isn't NRA members making crazy statements.So basically we're setting this country up so most of the corporations, and therefore private sector jobs are moving to Red States.  This is typical of the way liberals think only one step into the future, but cannot fathom in the least the consequences that follow.  Magpul should join Trijicon in Michigan, when it leaves Colorado.

They better start looking for a second career. These clowns are getting the boot.....

Vote Out all these anti-freedom, anti-constitution, anti-right to self defense meglamaniac lying petty tyrants . Vote them into un-employment like the rest of us !

I also thought Colorado was a cowboy state ?    Are you people going to let those Democrats make your state an Illinois or New York !      SHAME ON YOU - ITS YOUR VOTE !

So the government wants to pass gun laws which will only be followed by the people who are already following the laws we have.

democrats and commies are best buddies

Communish has to start somwhere Comrades????

This government will fall.  The time is near.  Things that can't go on forever, wont.

You know what scares the illuminati more than anything......americans with guns.  thats why the 2nd amendment is being attacked.  EVERYWHERE else on this planet other than switzerland,  they have managed to take away the guns and thus are able to envoke tyranny.  This is why our forefathers (who had divine foresight i might add) included the 2nd amendment in the Bill of Rights.  This right will never be outdated in a truly free society.

I hope these idiots get what they deserve,the boot!Somebody needs to take this matter before the Supreme Court. No state has the right to prevent its citizenry from being well armed--a freedom-insuring inclusion in the Bill of Rights section of our Constitution. It weakens the nation. Elected officials SHOULD NOT be able to pass laws that go against the Constitution.  It takes a 2/3 vote in both the House and the Senate and approval of 3/4 of all the states to amend the Constitution.  Nobody's done that here--nor could they.  The Constitution was made difficult to amend on purpose--as an insurance to freedom.  And MOST elected officials take an oath to defend the Constitution.  WHAT's GOING ON IN THIS COUNTRY!

The far left, socialistic liberals will find themselves out the door soon enough!

I wonder what the stats are on people killed with guns vs people who have died from an overdose of prescription drugs, or killed in car accidents. The fact is, these states like Colo. and New Yorks main agenda is not trying to save you from yourself, as much as the progressive agenda to control the masses.

It is not about crime, it is not about violence, it is not about the mentally ill, it is about banning guns of any kind in any way using any crisis they can.   They will "nickel and dime" us with one ban after another.

Coming to a state near you....socialist control over the masses.

Ban that mental illness known as liberalism.

Another yahoo article says that U.S. if number 1 in the world for arms exports.  Makes a lot of sense to limit arms on American citizens while arming the rest of the world, doesn't it?

I have several big game outfitters as friends. They are gettng calls from clients, cancelling their hunting trips to Colofornia this year due to the new laws.  Will not support a state that supports gun control.

So when Colorado's Democratic governor made known that he plans to ratchet back gun rights    He or the legislature have no authority to ratchet back a right.

This governor needs to GO NOW.  Boot his liberal supporters along with him.  I don't for one minute believe the residents of the Great State of Colorado will lay down for this sort of manhandling by their elected representatives.  Colorado is a simply beautiful state bathed in the proud tradition of it's past.  Surely this is NOT the direction of it's future, spitting on the U.S. Constitution.How will the government enforce these gun laws and promote peace? The same way the state always promotes peace - by pointing their guns at the general populace and initiating force against those that don't bow to its wishes. We will achieve peace through violence initiated by the state. BRILLIANT!

This is the same state that wont pass jessicas law?????

Politicians should have to pass a test on the constitution before taking office.  If they fail, they cannot be sworn in.We should also start prosecuting these government officials for treason when they fail to follow the constitution.  Lock them up.

And now we may (I hope) see the liberals removed from what they consider to be governing in colorado.  It might just wake those who havent voted in twenty years. Remember only 47% of Americans voted in the last presidential election,  Know that you are being controles by the very most radical elements in todays society. 23% of Americans voted for this garbage in 2012.

Jimmy Carter is sending Obama daily thank you letters.

Are all you Coloradans sissy's or do your legislators just think you are?

Governor Hickenliar did state that he would listen to his constituents! He LIED his stupid tail off, as gun-rights supporters VASTLY outnumbered the gun grabbers in the Capitol chambers. He admitted that more gun laws would not have stopped these shootings, then pandered to NY special interests! Enjoy your recall, governor Bloomberg!

People should quit subscribing to the Denver Post also.They were in bed with these libs.

The 'Progressives' have manufactured the so-called majority in favor of restrictions, and passed their laws. Now, they shall reap what they deserve. Unfortunately, the weak in the center will be the victims, as the 'Progressive' architects are in safe seats.......

“Disarm the people- that is the best and most effectiveway to enslave them.”― James MadisonJames Madison is known as the father of the second amendment.GOOD.  I would hope that any attempt to restrict people's rights would bring "political peril" in the form of a recall election, a primary challenge, or an outright defeat in the next election.  It's crazy how much the second amendment brings government overreach at both the state and federal levels.  It's already illegal to shoot somebody except in cases of self-defense.  This is the equivalent to yelling "fire" in a crowded theater.  That is the point where a right stops being a right and intrudes on other people's rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit.  Putting regulations on lawful citizens is the equivalent to mandating everyone gag themselves in order to prevent the possibility of someone yelling "fire."  And that is an infringement on an enumerated and natural right of the people.

Colorado liberasls want a law than bans fun ownership by those ACCUSED of domestic violence. This goes against one of the cornerstones of our Judicial system, that of being innocent until PROVEN guilty. This would be about the same as the DWI law Washington State had many years ago. They suspended the drivers license of commercial drivers when they were arrested for DWI. It was found unconstitutional due to double jeopardy because the driver was only accused of a crime but not convicted. In our system, you have not committed a crime until it is PROVEN beyond a reasonable doubt that you did. Until that happens you cannot be sentenced or punished for something you "allegedly" did.

The governor is an idiot just like all Democraps. Strenthening background checks won't keep guns away from dangerous people, as he says. Criminals burgle law abiding citizens homes to obtain their firearms, bypassing any background checks or laws. They don't want you tracing their murder weapons.

i wish these progressives would just fess up &amp; say they despise the 2nd Amendment ...be honest, just say you want to repeal it.

Hickenlooper was born into the 1%, and made even more money by selling booze from his downtown Denver restaurant. How many of the drunks left his place only to get DUI's or beat their wives? Easy to legislate morality when yours is being ignored.

If they are able to limit the 2nd Amendment what’s to stop them from limiting the others?

Fire him.  It's that simple.  Just vote him and his ilk out.

For the terminally obtuse let me reinterate that gun control is not about controling guns. It is about controling the citizen's right to own the type weapons needed to prevent tyranny. It does not matter how you appease the anti-gun zealots, they will always want more. Their Holy Grail is a national database of firearm owners that detail what they own and where they live. Once they get that they will go for confiscation one type of firearm at a time. Look at what happened in England and Austraila and you will see what the Progressives have in store for American if they get their way.

The well regulated militia in the day meant the regular military, in other words we had to be able to defend our country.  Now the second part, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed is explain by Jefferson.The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government.” - Thomas JeffersonWhere does anyone find anything anywhere about hunting in any document anywhere written by the founding fathers to explain the 2nd amendment?  It doesn't exist, how much more clear can it be?

Coloradans, stop electing liberal democrats, and your life will become "normal" again!In the CO gun hearings a rape victim testified if she had had her legally owned gun on campus it might have prevented her rape. A liberal congresswoman answered with a stat that I still can't find that he would've taken her gun. She replied "Why? He already had one of his own."

Vote him out! and anyone who sided with him!

It is very telling that the so called party of tolerance, refuses to tolerate allowing law abiding Citizens freedom to fully exercise their rights under the 2nd Amendment!

Consider this - Libs NEVER refer to their legislation as "crime control", or "violence control"? No, they ALWAYS call it "gun control", because that is their TRUE INTENT! Crime is just an easy excuse to attempt to take gun rights away from law abiding CITIZENS!!!!!!!!

I'm a Racist for criticizing Obama.I'm a Terrorist because I want to protect my 2nd Amendment rights.I'm a Teabagger for supporting the Constitution.I'm a National Security Threat because I speak my mind.I'm a Birther because I dare question the documentation of the President.I'm a Trouble Maker for asking unanswered questions.I'm a Traitor for exposing the corruption of my Government.I'm a Conspiracy Theorist for presenting documented facts.I'm an Anti-American for not towing to the party line.I'm a War Monger because I support our Troops.I'm a Greedy Capitalistic because I believe I am entitled to what I earned.Guilty as Charged, and Proud of It!

This is alot like asking kentucky teenager to show ID at Liquor store when he has mountain moonshine still at home !!!

Now you will find out just how much power is left in the gun issues.  These restriction would have done nothing to prevent Aurora.  it should be noted that only a couple weeks after Aurora happened, another shooter stood up in a San Antonio Texas theater and opened fire.   He wounded 3 people before he was shot by another person in the theater.  He had multiple guns and has admitted he wanted to kill more people than in Aurora.  A private gun stopped that one and the data is clear that nearly 82% of mass killers are stopped not by police, but by armed private citizens.

I think the colorado democrats who are not from metro area won't be reelected based on this one issue and a ballot initiative will likely pass

Obama Lovers need to be regulated to only 8 sheets of toilet paper per day! If they do not obey, they will automatically become a Felon!

The problem is very apparent. Colorado has always been a Repub state, then the parasites from California called Liberals &amp; Progressives moved in and now they have a Democrap State.  Democraps is a disease that spreads and infects the mind.  They think they live in a fantasy world where the govt should take care of everyone, where there is no crime because they think there is no crime, where the laws do not apply to them but to all the others.  They think the laws should be broken if it means it will help someone else (illegal aliens),  they think  a family is not a male &amp; female unit but a male to male/ female to female unit.  This is a dreaded an horrible disease and the symptoms are easy to read.  Do you dream of driving an electric car?  Do you think everyone else should drive an electric car because it is your opinion everyone should be just like you?  Do you think your special because you feel the need to have same gender sex? Do you think we should have open borders and feel people should be able to come and go at will and the United States is no longer it is the South American Union?  Do you dream of rainbows and butterflies and think all pedophiles can be rehabilitated?  Do you think murder is okay if it is conveinent for you? If you feel you need to have sex and can't because someone else did not pay for your contraceptives then you definetly have this horrible disease! Do not despair there is a cure for it, there is a little red pill....The Democrats are just interested in control, its what they are all about. Their plan is to chip away at the constitution until its meaningless.  Obama = Big Government total control, and he has most of the Marxist Democrats on his side.  It is a Sad time in American History.

Chicorado

Does he know you can tape 2-15 round magazines together, or carry 2 guns?

The Governor supports gun rights...just not for citizens, only for the "ruling class"...not those sniveling peasants. Just like here in New York state...our Governor and his family have his well-armed elite security detail, along with all his millionaire and billionaire pals...the rest of us #$%$ are left to fend for ourselves. Becoming more and more like 18th century France all the time.

Next election in Colorado, they would do well to throw out these limp wristed liberals, only to save their state from the same fate as Washington D.C. and New York State...The Sheriffs are not going to enforce the law anyway, so you have polorized the state already.. The liberals in Denver should go back to California where they will welcome all the gay , pot smoking socialists with open arms.....

Hickenlooper has his eyes on a Federal Office and could care less about the citizens of Colorado.  Since the proposed changes would have ZERO effect on criminals, they are obviously designed for other reasons...   If you cant figure that out for yourselves, you deserves to run out of bullet's trying to defend yourself.

the best slaves are those who are uneducated, unarmed and dependent on you for food --------------- they've taken your education, they're coming for your weapons and they are providing you food stamps ------------- and its all being done incrementally...........the american masses being led to slavery, only the democrat/liberal/racist/progressive party has learned from the past.  when there were only black slaves, it became an issue.  today, they are equal opportunity slave owners and they are coming for you and your families.  maybe this country will be a better place when its 80% slaves and 20% owners.   i strongly disagree, but can't see how it can be stopped when the majority are too uneducated to see they're being led to slavery and are actually voting and demanding it thinking they're being 'protected' and given 'free stuff'my advice to you, to those of you supporting these gun laws, these 'hate speech' laws, these 'drink size laws' -------actually, all of you supporting and championing the democrat/liberal / racist/progressive party and their mission --------learn to say "YES MASSA" because we're going to own your #$%$ in a very short period.  we promise to make your lives just a little bit easier when you show us the respect we deserve.

Somehow, the politicians and the media are just now realizing that what they say and do will have repercussions at voting time. Unpopular votes will have an effect on the career.

An A.R. is a semi auto rifle. My R uger Revolvers do the same thing. Every time I pull the trigger it fires one bullet. So they could be classed as semi auto. The G O V always tries to gain more control thru small print. As in thier attemp at the internet.

I'm getting a sense that a LOT of Democrats with all their gun hating vitriol are going to be voted out of office on their next election.I guess Colorado will be the first state to 'clean house' on election day.

Vote these idiots out.. The only thing these laws in CO do is affect law abiding citizens. This will have NO effect whatsoever on the next shooting by a crazy person. You just have to realize that you never let a good crisis go to waste. Democrats are always against guns even in election years (just not as vocal about it).. They were waiting for a chance to strike. Also, ever realize who it is that is making legislation taking away our rights? yep, liberals.. from guns, to check points, to taxes, to regulation.. always a democrat.

Well CO there is an election coming and you will have the opportunity to fix what this batch have done to you. You will be a great state again one day.

Ban that mental illness known as liberalism.

There is going to be a backlash against all of the anti-gun politicians. Even those voters that are sitting on the fence regarding guns will soon understand that this is all about government control. Safety is not the issue.

Yep its too bad...  Such a beautiful state to be under control by just a few tyrants...

Next will be they will shut down farming declaring some stupid bug endangered and just wait till they prevent you from removing a tree from your own property without 10 permits, that will really ox your gourd, these are transplants from california.  They screwed up California so bad  they couldn't stand it anymore and now they are coming after Colorado...look at them like locus, they destroy everything in their path and then move on to the next state and repeat the process.

You IDIOTS!-- it's not guns, it's a sick society!  Do cars kill people?  No, it's the drivers. . .bunch of prog/commie morons!!

Do all these idiots have some type of brain disease or something? It seems to be spreading and infecting others. It's our speech, property, children, guns and money. If you think a Cyprus bank bailout can't happen here, you are deluded. This is just the beginning and it won't end nicely.

Left leaning media bs as usual.Based on their recent laws.....it is obvious Colorado wants every person.......to put down their gun..........and pick up their bong

VOTE THEM OUT

Anyone else tired of these politicians pi -(ss)- ing on the constitution

Sayonara Hickenlooper...

Hey Hickenlooper, take a good look around the governors office, soak it in, because you wont occupy that space much longer.

The Colorado cops should just go cuff &amp; stuff the POS.

The Colorado police should take care of this POS trouble maker,it would be best way.

Even though I oppose gun control I have no problem with background checks. As far as 15 round clips, so what it doesn't take that long to change a clip.

The size of the magazine means little if you're shot with the first cartridge from it and reloading is just a matter of a second anyway. What matters to Dems is power over every aspect of everyone's life. The Colorado Dems do not care for their constituent's traditions, concerns or opinions in their headlong rush to kneel at the feet of their Washington leaders. Useful idiots.

This governor will be sorry for following ObamaColorado, where quiers get married, dope is legal, and the Constitution doesn't mean squat.

Governors Hickenlooper and Malloy (CT) are naively serving as lapdogs for the Obama Administration at the expense of their constituencies. For a number of reasons,  Obama's underlying motivation is to undermine our Second Amendment and progress toward civilian disarmament.

A Vote is like a rifle: its usefulness depends upon the character of the user-Teddy Roosevelt

We in Kentucky are OK with liberals in generally liberal states disarming themselves. Certainly makes us more secure.

so If I get the drift of the liberals here, You want me to accept this kind of tyranny because you choose to give up your freedoms to Emperor Obama and his minion Holder who armed drug cartels against the Border and Drug Agents of the United states then hid behind 'Executive Privilege.  And you gladly give up your freedoms for the false promise of 'Security?'

Why don't those cops just go arrest the POS for treason &amp; lock him up never hear from him again, or just waste him &amp; say he resisted arrest!

i bet you can say bye bye to ALOT of democrats in the future. can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Of course its political peril to take the rights from honest citizens.

These are just some of the stupid laws that get passed whenever you put democrats in power.  They just don't like the Constitution and want to be able to ignore any laws they feel shouldn't apply to them.

Look when your shooting at a bunch of people that dont have guns it doesnt matter how large of a magizine you have. It takes the matter of 1 second to switch magizines. The secrete is to limit the number of crazy people.None of these "proposed" laws will solve the problem of buying guns out of the trunks of cars in Everycity, USA. No background checks or registrations  there.

With any luck maybe a relative will take the POS out.

"Outsized"...like private bank accounts...or freedom

I have an idea, just go ahead and VOTE OUT all democrats and liberals, so, where is the problem then ?????????, except,-----have this same Vote through-out this country----get rid of o'bungo will solve tons of problems------go ahead Colorado, do it today, be a leader for a change------

Liberal Democrats campaign as the party of the people but in reality they are the party of oppression. Liberals will use any crisis to steal the rights of Americans.... This will only end one way.... Tyrannical communist state.

I will not do bussiness with any Colorado company or service. Ever!

Why is it that extremist Democrats usually view themselves as moderate,So, now anyone ACCUSED of domestic abuse loses his second amendment rights.  Sounds  like a Soviet style policy to me.

I'm a Racist for criticizing Obama.I'm a Terrorist because I want to protect my 2nd Amendment rights.I'm a Teabagger for supporting the Constitution.I'm a National Security Threat because I speak my mind.I'm a Birther because I dare question the documentation of the President.I'm a Trouble Maker for asking unanswered questions.I'm a Traitor for exposing the corruption of my Government.I'm a Conspiracy Theorist for presenting documented facts.I'm an Anti-American for not towing to the party line.I'm a War Monger because I support our Troops.I'm a Greedy Capitalistic because I believe I am entitled to what I earned.Guilty as Charged, and Proud of It!

Hopefully, the citizens of Colorado will realize what their politicians have done to them, and to the rest of the country.  A political rout would send a clear message to  other liberal politicians regarding the sanctity of the Constitution, in its entirety.

Political peril??? more like political suicide!Mag size isnt a problem. When no one else has a gun 3 round mags can kill just as many as 15-30. No one is going to run up to stop you when they are all afraid to die.

We do not have a gun problem in America. What we have are #$%$ politician problems. NO jobs! Gas over 4:00 a gallon. Inflation at the grocery stores.

If Colorado does not punish these Gun Control Liberals at the ballot box, there's much worse down the road.

Got to wonder: When is the last time a Colorado Governor was re-called?  Is it that even legal in Colorado.Shouldn't wonder that it would be, I suppose, since it's legal in California and Colorado seems to be more like California every day, now.

Colorado fights tooth and nail to defend gun rights, which they should do, but passes laws that say that the rain that falls on your roof is NOT yours to keep.  Go figure.

ANd when someone modifies a magazine to allow it to hold 15 rounds - then what? It's a farce and solves nothing. It makes politicians look good and voters feel as if they have been listened to but the stark reality is with the number of assault weapons out there it will change nothing.

Guess he only want 1 term IDIOT

Embarassing. How did Colo become a state full of wussies.

" Gun Control " is really just thinly veiled " People Control ".

Hey yahoo....where is your article on Harry Reid pulling Feinstein's gun ban out of the bill?The Democrats have permanently ruined California for law-abiding citizens so now they are targeting Coloradans as their next victims.Sensible people of Colorado, vote out the Governor and all Legislators who voted in these anti-gun/anti-freedom/anti-American laws.

Vote them OUT!Gun Free Zones = Mass Killing Zones.Remember Aurora &amp; Sandy Hook were "gun free zones"!

: Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.So by limiting the size of the magzines, and the "assault" weapons, you'll be able to keep the guns out of the hands of dangerous people?Can anyone explain the logic of the statement and the laws they passed ?

A "ban on people accused of domestic violence"  what happened to innocent until proven guilty?

The left wing answer to every thingWHAT DID YOU CALL ME ?I’m a Racist for criticizing Obama ?I’m  a Terrorist because I want to protect my 2nd Amendment rights?I’m a Tea bagger for supporting the constitution?I’m a National security threat because I speak my mind?I’m a Troublemaker for asking unanswered questions?I’m a Traitor exposing the corruption of the government?I’m a Conspiracy Theorist for presenting documented facts?I’m Anti - American for not towing the party line?I’m a War Monger because I support the troops?I’m a Greedy  Capitalist  because I believe I am entitled to what I earned?GULTIY AS CHARGED. AND PROUD OF IT! SO WHAT?

I hope everyone all over this country are starting to realize what the true liberal/socialistic agenda is and it totally backfires on the democratic party.  There are many moderates who voted democrat, that could potentially flip...

NEED A RECALL NOW ON THESE DEMOCRATS AND GOV.

Colo vote the pigs out or you are complete fools.

hickenpooper, youre out in '14

Only a progressive lib would think its ok to reward illegal’s (who broke the law) with instate tuition and punish law abiding citizens who have done nothing. They give us the BS that it is about the children while they condone and heavily support abortion (over 3,000 a day in the US average).obama started the divide in this country and will go down in history as causing the country to fall apart!

Magpul   come to Utah! !  A bill dropping the necessity to have a permit to carry a concealed weapon passed the state house and senate  awaiting the gov.s signature.  You'll love Utah..gun friendly and LOW crime rate.

Let's bring it to the Ballot Box and vote these idiots out.  MOLON LABE

It's not real. These arguments are ludicrous. The goal is to take your guns, destroy the sovereignty of The US, take away private property and gain control of all resources for the UN. This is the one world government being instituted all around the world. This is The New World Order Bush senior told us about. Maybe we can stop it, maybe not. A real first step is not to give up the only power we have to defend ourselves.

Less than 500 crimes were committed with a rifle last year yet they still choose to ostracise the rifle(s) as a preferred weapon of criminals. Criminals want somethign light and easily concealed. Rifles simply do not fit that bill. They are insistent on criminalizing gun ownership. By the laws in some states loaning your friend a gun to go hunting will make you a felon. I ask you, how many times have we heard that the antis are not going after hunting yet their shortsightedness and lack of comprehension of the ripple effect of their legislation will do just that.

There is no such thing as a moderate democrat! they are ALL liberal, if they say otherwise, they are lying!

From Webster...Definition of INFRINGEtransitive verb,1: to encroach upon in a way that violates law or the rights of another"ARMS" generic term that includes the entire weapon, (gun, barrel, bolt, mag, grip, stock, fuse, cap, detonator, powder, bullet, ammo etc) whatever it may be, they didn't even bother to put the word 'small' in front of it, so it leaves it open to everything.So effectively what their intent is... "Whatever weapon (or weapon system) you have, no one can encroach on ANY part of it, period". This is the point the SCOTUS will sooner or later have to stop tap dancing around and recognize in it's entirety.

Does anyone wonder why Texas is the way it is, and other states just keep messing up? Living in Texas for four years, Texas has it right.

We shouldn't even be debating or making laws on this issue.  But again ...certain legislators get this knee jerk reaction and say..WE NEED TO DO SOMETHING.....LET'S PASS A LAW!  THEN I'M DOING MY JOB!

Sounds like all you have to do is accuse someone of domestic violence and they take away your rights.... Welcome to America where you are guilty based solely on accusations..When they come up with a law that would make a difference I will listen to what they have to say until then get out of my face!

Once these radicals start taking away Constitutional rights it will be like a dam with at small chip that gets bigger and bigger and finally the dam fails!  That is what we are looking at across this wonderful country and people need to get  a backbone and say NO WAY!Hickenlooper is going to take the "easy way" to stop gun violence but instead of stopping the criminals he is going to put the law abiding citizens in harms way without protection!The politicians have already admitted that law enforcement does not have the money or manpower to go after the criminals!

Is FrankenFeinstein still armed? Yank her licence and take away her armed thugs who surround her!

Most of the Demcratic legistators are transplants from other states. Vote them out.

"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.- John F. Kennedy

do any of these idiots that sponsor these bills have any idea how long it takes to change a clip? i would bet most have never fired a weapon. limiting clip size won't make any difference they will just carry more clips.

In a state like Colorado, anyone voting for a hideous piece of legislation like this has just assured his or her defeat in the next election.

does anyone else have the feeling that soon someone somewhere is going to launch a civil war in this country?

Yes get rid of guns.  But lets not do anything to that drunk driver who still drives a car after 5, 10, 15 dui's.  Why do we not ban cars that kill 10's of thousand people a year?  Knee-jerk reactions and liberal mentallity are far more dangerous than the general public having guns.

Of course it creates political peril.  This stuff happens when you have Leftist government officials that work to undermine the constitution.  They need to be thrown out and tried for treason.  It's as simple as that.Defending our 2nd amendment isnt just about the right to bare arms , Its about not allowing our rights to be taken away and standing our ground for whats right in a world gone wrong . We are law abiding citizens and should'nt be punished for acts of violence being commited by criminals .

Governor, Is you'r security giving up their gun's?  If your anti-gun then why are you protected with a gun?

This idiotic move will not make one kid safer. But then, that's not the point.

You know all you head bobbing liberals have no clue about CO.  There are parts of CO where people live that it would take a LOE hours to get to, and if there's snow, days!  People need high capacity magazines in those areas to adequately protect themselves.  Not everybody lives in a city, buys coffee at a Starbucks, and has sushi for dinner.

I'll vote against any rep who would support Gun restrictions in my state.

Stop punishing law abiding citizens for the acts of the insane.

You voted the Democrats in, now suffer the fruits of your decision.  You libertarians that didn't vote are just as guilty as the rest.

Bye-bye CO Dems!

Background checks for all future....Dictators, Kings and Pharaohs!

will law enforcement in Colorado now be limited to 15 round magazines?In other news ... The soon to be Ex Gov. John Hickenlooper writes a book entitled ... " How I shot my political career in the foot ."

what criminal knowingly goes through a background check to acquire a firearm?how does a magazine limit of 15 keep mass shootings from happening?

The bill pending "include a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes".  What is wrong in Co?  Are your politicians nuts?  Have they gone to #$%$?  Vote these pigs out of office and get some common sense back in office.  Your governor has blown his aspirations for a national job besides destroying the rights of the citizens of Co.

When politics are replaced with being popular politicians are replaced with cheerleaders without the short skirts.

Hope those who vote for gun control lose control of their political seat in the next election.

Arrest the Governor for treason for violating the Constitution and taking Americans rights away. Give him his trial, and then hang him in public on live TV. Then tell all the other Liberal #$%$ politicians that they are next if they continue with their people control policies.

"LICKINPOOPER", you and your Dem LIBTURD buddies just cost you your cushy jobs with all of this BS trying to look like you know what you are doing !!!!  I GUARANTEE that ALL of you DILWADS will be voted out BIG TIME come next election !!!!!

I love how the hypocrite left goes around violating peoples rights when they are rights they don't like or agree with, then whine when they even "think" that someone is trying to "infringe" on THEIR rights, rights the left likes, whatever they may be. Examples are Arizona's law to require proof of citizenship to vote, which don't infringe anyone's rights at all, but they whine about it(they really only whine because it will prevent voter fraud, which the dems love). They also like to whine about the 1st amendment when someone tries to exercise their own 1st amendment rights. The liberals demand that their own 1st amendment rights give them the right to be "protected" from the 1st amendment rights of others. Like how they believe the 1st gives them "protection" from having "religion 'forced' on them" when others exercise their right to religious freedom (yet they never whine when muslims do it...). They are so far gone from reality and logic.

Sounds like Colorado is being over run by California ex-patriots who want to bring their liberal culture (disease) to otherwise rational states.

The people should start re -calls  On the GOV. and all who voted for this bull and put them out, and then put people in that will over turn it and still sue for breaking you're Constitutional Right. get your petitions and show them and the rest of the country you mean what you say and why your at it go to remove all foreign let in and brought in by the federal government foreigners from your state and the illeagls and their anchor babies too. And all us states that feel this way come to gather and ban to leave the Federal UNION of BULL .(S) the EMENY of the PEOPLE.!!!!!!!!!!!!! And then charge all them lawmakers who did this to mus for treason PERIOD and give them a death sentences. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If there was ever a chance for a Third party this is it. As a Dem I can't see me voting Republican but I can see me voting for an Independent.

Buffalo Bill was never a gunslinger. He was a hunter, army scout, and producer of a wild west show. If he shot anybody it was a hostile Indian that was attacking him. Again a Yahoo writer that doesn't quite know his history.

I live in a country which is ruled by elitists, corporations, banks, politicians, and lawyers......by greed incarnate. I was born with Rights that the previously mentioned do not want me to exercise.I will retain and exercise them anyway.My Rights, like myself, will not go quietly.

"Kick the lily-livered, mongrel, city-slicker, out of office next election!" (Yosemite Sam)

Come on November 2014..

The AR 15 jammed

Dems, Think of all the people you will put out of work with you stupid knee jerk abolishment of guns. They WILL remember in November

"Republican gun ideas were hastily rejected earlier this year. Those ideas included expanding gun laws to allow teachers to carry concealed weapons, and a failed attempt to require armed security guards at businesses that ban concealed weapons."Of course these were rejected. They make too much sense.

The real peril is going to be when they try to take the guns.

IN the mean time Holder is giving guns to mexican drug cartel, and bama is arming al qaeda with stinger surface to air missles, anyone see anything wrong with this picture?This idiot guvner apparently thinks that while a perp is okay committing a capital offense 15 times over by shooting 15 people, he will stop before committing a misdemeanor by loading a few extra bullets in the magazine.  This, folks is the assinine stupidity of lib logic!!!

I predict that Colorado will be shifting it's political landscape soon!

This is the result of all thes az-holes from CA and the northeast coming here.  They ruin their former states then bring their liberalism here.

Liberado and Wackyfornia, Socialistic States.

Someone intent to do harm can do just as much damage with 2 15 round magazines as with 1 30. Reloading takes literally less than 1 second for a practiced individual, and if the shooter is going unopposed, he has all the time he needs. The moron in Aurora walked methodically down the isles, picking people off. Nobody shot back and nobody attempted to take him down. Reloading wasn't a problem.

Colorado suffers from the same thing most states will because of the Obama economy.  The economy in Colorado is doing better than most.  Unemployment is down significantly mainly because conservative ideas have been used to reduce the impact of a bad economy.  People from left wing states are moving to the more conservative states for jobs and bringing their liberal agenda with them. They want to make the new home exactly like what they left.  They think if they do, it will work better the second time.  It never has.  Unless the people of Colorado stop the liberal agenda, they will eventually be another California.

How stupid do you really have to be to consistently try to punish law abiding Citizens, INSTEAD of the actaul perpetrators of the crimes?!!!!!

Democrats don't care about tradition, family, the law, personal rights, the US Constitution.  They do not give a damn about anything but totalitarian control and the squashing of free will and freedom.  They want to take a ll rights and all freedoms and be total dictators over humankind.  They are pure evil from the core with on the desire for complete control of every movement and breath of every citizen to be under their thumb.  They are a complete menace to a free society.  Democrats are the downfall of this nation.  The only reason .. the ONLY reason .. for taking our guns is to be able to take over this nation -- as long as we have arms, we have rights.  Without arms we have no rights.

That's the way it's supposed to work..As much as you leftists wish it was total communism we can still vote them out..

Colorado Sheriffs Will Not Enforce State Gun Control Laws if Enacted.Cooke said "these are feel-good, knee-jerk reactions that are unenforceable." He said these two measures are simply part of the "uniformed," hectic response Democrats have employed in trying to do something in the wake of the Aurora theater shooting.He said that if Governor John Hickenlooper signs the measures into law he "won't bother enforcing" them.Sheriff Terry Maketa of El Paso County, Colorado, who is standing against these measures with Sheriff Cooke, said that if the ban on high capacity magazines is signed into law, then as far as he's concerned every magazine and firearm he sees that is high capacity was owned prior to July 1.History will repeat itself and the Democrats will feel the side effect of this legislation following elections like they did following Clinton signing the AWB in 94.

Hick, you are "one and done" in this state! So are you Democratic "leaders" that supported these bills.DON'T TREAD ON ME!

Gentlemen, prepare to defend yourselves” – Sgt. Maj. Basil Plumley

Colorado, you have little time left. You can roll up another (Now legal) doobie and go along with the program, or reclaim your liberty and through these gun-grabbing Dems out. Hope you rejoin America soon, but we're not so optimistic out here.

Maybe they should limit the number of illegals coming into the country to 15 or less a day!

Was an AR-15 used or not? some say it was in the truck of the car, but never used.

This from the same state that won't even consider Jessica's Law.  Seems like a change in power should be in the wind.

Slavery creeps me out, show me a slave with a gun.

The political backlash was predictable.  All gun control laws do is warehouse republican votes for the next election.  Adios dems.

Sorry Colorado.  Glad you have him and we don't.  What is happening to your beautiful state?  A bunch of left liberals have taken over your state like locust.  Good luck.Bye bye Hickenlooper. You've shown your true colors and the people of CO will respond.  Any politician who infringes on our Constitution needs to go, including Obama and his socialist healthcare mess.

What the Colorado police arrested him for treason?.Then he was shot trying to escape.

Everyone that truly believes in the second amendment should boycott states and business that do not ! Money talks, let them know just as Magpul Industries has.!!!

You'll always have crazies just as you will always have bad politicians. The best defense is to go armed.

Forget about 're-election", these people should be removed today.

If he signs the bills he will not keep his job as governor so he better have other aspirations.

Why am I seeing posts from people who think this will stop mass shootings??Criminals dont follow the laws. Mental people dont follow laws. They will find a way to accomplish what they want to do like rob a bank. Plenty of laws against that.

Background checks for all future....Dictators, Kings and Pharaohs!

A free people own firearms....Liberals believe themselves to be superior people who not only know the answers to all of life's problems and are also more caring and compassionate.Hang on, America.  Voting has consequences.

Any politician voting against the rights of the people, is asking to be voted out. Our constitution and bill of rights was intended that the people are free to choose what they want, not for an elected official to decide "what is best for us"HICKENLOOPER?!  HaHa!  You know liberals are really beginning to remind me of a bunch of cartoon characters.  (picture wylie coyote and all of his extreme antics in trying to get one little thing accomplished)

They need to change their state signs as you enter Colorado to "Welcome to Colorado we are just as stupid as California: Guns are banned and Pot is legal"

They say that smokin weed is harmless. Well ever since Colorado legalized it Y,all been losing your minds out there. I no longer will hunt elk in your state. Thats out of state hunting license fee's, tax $$, Outfitter Fee's etc etc Y,all just lost from me. Pa. would be proud to have Magpul !!!!

I did'nt realize that Colorado was like the old west, then if I was the Governor, you might want to put some extra hired gun slingers around you so your not lynched? Has to be one of the poorest analogies I have seen in print from the State run media, The Nation will see who has the last laugh, our tyrannical government has awaken a "sleeping giant", they just do not realize that yet......wait......wait......the Constitution trumps any elected official....PERIOD...END OF STORY.

Let us speak courteously, deal fairly and keep ourselves Armed &amp; Ready-Teddy Roosevelts Auto-Biography

Why can't the Colorado cops get rid of the POS!

This is one of the most ridiculous laws ever created. This will change NOTHING. Gun crimes will not drop even .001% because of this law.

You could lay an AR-15 with a full magazine on a table for 1000 years and it wouldn't discharge until some idiot picked it up and began firing.  Lenient judges are part of the problem also.

political suicide is more like it

I hope you all make sure that none of theses that voted for any gun ban or background check get re elected to office. We need to work hard and throw out the trash.This IS the reason Democrats can't put back to back presidents in office.Within thier first term they ALWAYS manage to turn the public against them.Bye Democrats....See you in a decade or so!

I have lived in colorado all my life. and in the last 4 yrs. we have turned into something I do not recognize. The state is so knee jerk liberal now. kind of a mini california

The PATRIOT Act is sufficient justification to demand Second Amendment protection.  Face it; the government can already arrest you without charge and make you disappear, all without  having to get a court order.  Just say someone is a terrorist and go get them; that's it.  Yes, the government will be heavily armed. That is the way it is.

Just like I told her, JUST THE TIP.

" Keep Freedom and Liberty Alive; Defy and Resist Tyranny."...

Take away guns and give illegals cheaper tuition than US citizens, nice work comrade "O"

I've spent quite a bit of time in Durango and other areas, good Elk country from there and on up to Moab.  I'm going to refuse to go from now on, I'll find another place, forget Colorado.

If you can tell me how to prevent the criminals from getting those guns, I'll tell you how well prohibition worked.

Socialism at work, wouldn't Karl Marx be proud about all the hope and change.

Our elected officials must be ousted when they propose a law that infringes on our beloved constitution. You people in Colorado need to control your politicians."Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people"Something that this feel good knee jerk law does not accomplish.

" Don't call us " Gun Nuts " with a Government like ours we'd be " Nuts " not to have Guns."...

Hey Owebama !! If  "guns don't protect people", why are you surrounded by armed guards?

Lets keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people has become keep them out of the hands of all people.  Political speech for let's take this one step at a time.  Look at the gun law history in England and the speeches given and you will find great similarity with the end result something completely different than the original ideas.  If they want to keep the guns out of the hands of dangerous people- criminals and unstable people then lets pass legislation to do that.  Not this.

The funny thing is that the "large magazine" was the cause of the stoppage that cut down the number of people shot in Aurora. The bozo shooter did not know how to reduce a stoppage and bought some of the least reliable magazines on the face of the planet.  But be that as it may, cutting down the capacity will in no way make anyone safer, a trained rifleman can change mags in a second or less. This is just a bunch of feel good laws that will do nothing to keep the public safer.  You can't wish or legislate someone to be safe and only if they decide to be responsible for their own safety and well being will anyone ever really be safe, or as safe as is possible.  Criminals will ignore the law, that is why they are criminals, probably a good thing then that almost no crimes involve AR 15s or other "assault weapons", they involve handguns. I think I need the same level of firepower as the police because I am going up against the same level of criminal and the police are never there when he shows up.  Of course the governor and all politicians feel safe, they have what amounts to a SWAT team protecting their worthless person 24 hours a day.  They just do not want you to be that safe as they are members of a privileged class, while you are a peon. No, this is not a good set of laws and the people of Colorado will lose out in the long run.  Then again, they are too self involved in their twitter, football games and take out pizza to be interested in something as responsibility in their own personal safety.  Enjoy becoming slaves.

This is what happens when voters care more about homosexual marriage and smoking weed than they do about things like Jessica's law which gives stiff sentences to child rapists. Therefore, they vote for radical Marxists who won't even bring up Jessica's Law for a legislative vote. Good job Colorafo. Your state is sinking fast!!

I guess they should outlaw bombs, because of Timothy McVeigh, oh wait that already is against the law.I guess they should enforce illegal immigration, who will work in the fields?I guess they should arrest people for Marijuana, it's legal at a state level but punishable at a federal level, that makes a lot of sense.Starting to see a pattern here (insert sarcasm)These politicians are self serving and change their opinions on a whim...

"Hickenlooper says he supports gun rights. But ..."  When people talk about how much they respect the Second Amendment, then they start talking about gun control they lose all credibility with me.  It is like the New Delhi gang rapists saying they respect women--the facts speak otherwise!

Our Family Just cancelled our next years reservations to Aspen, time to ski somewhere else!

vote these traitors out!"Firearms play an outsized role in the hearts of Coloradans."No, firearms play a vital role in the lives of Patriots and the security of a free people. Only criminals and traitors attempt to state otherwise. Our elected employees are learning how resolute We the People are, in maintaining our Second Amendment rights. Our elected employees must stand down now, or be responsible for the beginning of American Revolution 2.0.

"In Colo., gun restrictions bring political peril"Good!CO, make sure this comes true. We in the free states are counting on you.

Why is the AR15 keep being brought up?From what I understand it was in the trunk of the car and NOT used.How could he return it to the car after he was dead? He used handguns and most have a 15 round or less.Another useless law to affect long guns only.

Next the dimo's are going after .17 cal. Red Ryder BB guns, which are definitely assault weapons.

For you coloradans why wait for 2014 you should have recalls and law repel petitions on the gov desk before your ink dry !!! kick the californias carpetbaggers  out of office !!!

Criminal control NOT gun control......................Quit punishing the law abiding citizens of this country.

these liberals are morons and feinstein that #$%$ is probably one of the most ignorant and evil woman besides pelosi and clinton the three stooges

"That rifle hanging on the wall of the working-class flat or labourer's cottage is the symbol of democracy. It is our job to see that it stays there." George Orwell, author

All of you citizens of Colorado.  Remember those officials who wanted gun control and vote them out next election!!  We will try to do the same here in communist New york

Hope these Liberals have a back up career plan.it's a .22 cal rifle simply dropped into an  after market frame, it's not an assault rifle, it is just a stock modification to LOOK LIKE AN ASSAULT RIFLE.

Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has told Diane Feinstein that her proposed ban on "assault weapons" will not be part of the initial gun control measure the Senate will debate next month.Feinstein, a far-left Democrat from California, reported just now that instead of being included in the measure, her ban proposal will be offered as an amendment.The decision to jettison the ban, which was expected due to overwhelming objection from broad measures of American voters, means that Feinstein's Anti-2nd

I hope everyone remembers this in the next election: Democrats hate the Constitution especially when it comes to the 2nd amendment. So get off your butts and vote these liberals out of office.

They vote to keep restrict responsible people on the gun issue. and yet, they won't pass Jessica's Law to deal with the worst of all criminal offenders--child molesters. Backward hippies!

Liberal politicians and main stream medias are professionals at spinning issues to enhance their personal agendas. You damn fool--no assault riffle was used in the Aurora or Newtown shootings.

One less state to consider when it comes time to move , thank you for eliminating yourself from the equation but no amount of natural beauty can overcome ugly liberal anti freedom laws.

" A Government that does not Trust its Citizens to be Armed is not itself to be Trusted."...

Wow, talk about political suicide, bye bye morons

colorado  governor your faithful followers have just got their names changed from constiuents to victims

Gun Control efforts SHOULD bring political peril! They should also bring lawsuits for any politician who denies peoples' rights! Should bring some criminal penalties, also! As in a heavy application of asphalt tar, and then a coating of poultry feathers! Then, they should sit in jail for awhile, give them time to think about the treason that they are committing!Maybe if  the media didn't glamorize killers the number of them would drop. What? I won't become famous if I kill several people?? Stop blaming guns. Start blaming folks like the killers themselves and the media who give them all the dreams of fame and maybe even fortune for movie deals and book deals later..

Lets talk Aurora! Think of it this way...if ONE MAN had had a gun permit allowing him to carry concealed that man could have taken out the killer quickly! Many lives would have been saved. MANY! I live 15 minutes from the theater and it is KNOWN here that it took police several minutes to respond. Police were there at the thater but were not carrying any weapons. The theater allows nobody to bring a weapon in. Now police came AFTER the event happened!! What could they have done? NOTHING! If a person carrying a gun had been in that theater he could have taken out the shooter quickly.....LIVES SPARED. Why do we have to wait for those OFFICIALLY ALLOWED O CARRY GUNS to arrive while they are being MASSACRED because noone can protect themselves? If I had been there....and I ALMOST WENT TO THAT MIDNIGHT SHOWING...I would have pulled my gun and killed the SOB...no questions. But liberals and democrats always create laws that PROTECT THE CRIMINAL because the wont care what kind of weapon they bring to kill innocent people...but if you cant PROTECT yourself then its a turkey shoot! CRIMINALS WIN EVERY TIME with these stupid and truly ignorant laws. These leftists think that every gun owner wants to go out and kill like this shooter did in Aurora!! What a paranoid delusion they live with. Now...if people who held permits to carry a concealed weapon were allowed in the theater do you think the shooter would have come? HELL NO! Do you know of one school where these killers go that hall monitors/police are packing? HELL NO. Its all about discipline...and we are to believe that policemen are disciplined when and for what reasons they are to shoot....and so are the majority of gun owners! These liberals are to blame for the mass killings in Newton and here in Aurora....and if they are not careful who they #$%$ off....well, you may have a civil war on their hands! Guns kill ONLY BECAUSE OF THE PERSON PULLING THE TRIGGER....guns are inanimate objects that have no will as does the person behind it....but thats a liberal for you.....THEY NEVER CREATE LAWS THAT HOLD THE GUILTY ACCOUNTABLE...THEY ALWAYS GIVE THEM A BREAK IN COURTS DUE TO SOME PSYCHOSIS OR WHAT NOT...ALWAYS...NEVER AN EXCEPTION. If Gov HICCUP allows this to pass I guarantee that law enforcement WILL NOT ENFORCE THIS LAW and many people will not follow it. After all liberals...there are no moral absolutes anyway right? Everything is relative...including YOUR LAWS...so why do we have to follow your laws written by FALLIBLE LIBERAL POLITICIANS...WE WONT

Hikenbpooer is just protecting his gay constirtuents.

I blame john denver for turning colorado into such a #$%$.ie state!!

Common sense has been replaced by political correctness and ideology and it's destroying us as a country!

Throw the bums out and boycott everything Colorado.

Why not take a big vat of hot tar and load of chicken feathers, along with ropes and pichforks and park your selves right outside the governors office?   Put the fear of god into the little weasel

This is a good man who was a good Mayor of Denver, BUT as Governor of Colorado, he's way over his head and looking for votes at this point. Voting against the Constitution is a good way to garner votes from the illegal Latinos who infest Colorado.

this will not be the end of this control,they will go after hand guns next ,it never stops and thats why we must throw all these anti gun politicians out and make it a too hot issue to even attempt to restrict our rights!

Back ground checks to keep criminals from buying guns out right is ok but does not solve the problem of murder or armed robbery and criminal activity. Laws and courts do not stop crime or criminals from repeating over and over. Laws, courts, judges and plea bargaining do nothing to prevent or stop criminal activity in fact it promotes it in many cases. A good example a 24 year was arrested for murder recently and his previous record as a juvenile he had 21 misdemeanors, once he turned 18 he had 5 different felonies and spent a total only of 9 months in prison. His crimes were violent even as a juvenile and continued to get worse until he finally shot and killed his last victim.  No one in the legal system took any responsibility or would even make a comment on why he was released or received just probation or a slap on the wrist for the violent crimes.  Now new gun laws but no one is talking about or trying to improve the courts or judges or laws against criminals.So by making the capacity of a magazine smaller it will not be used by criminals? Where on earth did they get this logic?

The Appalachian states really need industrial jobs, because the EPA has just about killed coal, and coal is severely crippled where it's alive.  Our culture is not hostile to guns.  Maryland's Beretta has considered moving to Virginia or West Virginia.  Other firearm manufacturers would be more than welcome, and neither Virginia nor West Virginia will ever do a Colorado and call it moderate.

"Firearms stand next in importance to the constitution itself. They are the American people's liberty teeth and keystone under independence … from the hour the Pilgrims landed to the present day, events, occurences and tendencies prove that to ensure peace security and happiness, the rifle and pistol are equally indispensable … the very atmosphere of firearms anywhere restrains evil interference — they deserve a place of honor with all that's good."George WashingtonFirst President of the United States

As a US Army veteran and gun owner I will fight all these tyrants to the death.Obumma has successfully divided the country,killed the economy,and wants illegals to be here.Then you have DHS buying thousands of weapons,hoarding the ammo,buying over 2000 armored vehicles for domestic use,all while they are attacking the 2nd amendment under false pretenses.They have a damn good start on what they actually want total control of the country and everyone in it.If we don't do something now it wont be long before the storm troopers are dragging people out of their homes and executing them in the street or hauling them to their prison camps.(NAZI GERMANY ALL OVER)

Time to drain the swamps of all the self serving politicians with no regards to the people they are supposed to be SERVING!!!

liberals seem to believe criminals and terrorist actually submit to background checks to aquire weapons....

Holmes has his apartment rigged with explosives.  Do these politicians not realize that he could have blown up the theater, killing even more than he did?Al Qaida didn't need a high cap mag to kill 3000.McVeigh didn't need a high cap mag to bring down a federal office building.Kehoe didn't need a high cap mag to kill 38 school children and 6 adults and injure 58 more.These laws will not stop the criminally insane.  They will only bind the lawful.

Americans have to speak with their votes but more importantly with their wallets.

Private manufacturers of guns and ammo should suspend all gov't contracts.

“The constitution shall never be construed...to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms.”― Alexander HamiltonThese gun laws serve no other purpose then to keep them out of the hands of people who DO NOT  commit crimes with them. I f you are willing to kill, violating a gun law will not deter you. As far as getting ahold of them, the forbidden fruit market is always available

expanded background checksBefore I feel comfortable with this "terminalogy" would someone please tell those of us that are legally here and abiding by the laws of the land what this means? How's this going to be interpreted not only now but in years to come when someone decides they have the right to interpret this some other way than when it was written.This is how we got into this mess.  The Constitution is now being interpreted to be different now than when it was written.  Legalize the Constitution and enforce the laws we already have.  End of subject.

I'd say the Democrats in CO are walking on political egg shells right now. It wouldn't surprise me at all if Hickenlooper is voted out of office the next time around. Moderate, my butt!!! He's rabidly anti-gun if you ask me.

RECALL THEM Before the tyranny starts

I hope Colorado is able to turn this tide in the state.  This is basically Californians that moved into the state turning it into another Cal.  I am more afraid of immigrants from Cal than illegals from Mexico!

so much for allllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll the excitment of Colorados new law

Unload these anti-american unconstitutional gun grabbing POS !!! Send them a clear message !! (F)UCK OFF or CLEAR OUT !!! Don't tread on me !!!

"I think we need to have that discussion "WHAT discussion? they pass a law and jam it down your throat, just like obamacare.time to wake up people...before it's too late.

The perfect Demorat ...A gay tree humping gun hating batt. powered car driving zombe that can not thank for themself.

Just wait until it brings personal peril to the idiots infringing the Second Amendment.Once again it seems that democrats are behind all this legislation to take away our rights. Wake up people! These people want to control YOUR life. Vote 'em all out. ;)

"Martial law is usually imposed on a temporary basis when the civilian government or civilian authorities fail to function effectively" .... Do they want your guns ... they sure do.

Frontier state, Buffalo Bill...blah, blah, blah...You idiots are trampelling the 2nd amendment of our costitutional rights...ya'll been smokin too much hooch back there...

Trading guns for weed. That can't be entirely a good thing. I'd prefer to keep BOTH.

The Dumb-Rats in Colorado are hard at it again..

Just another classic example of what happens when the bleeding heart liberal Democrats get control.  Now, they can walk around with their chests puffed out, claiming they "took action" to reduce mass murders with guns.  Hogwash.  What will each of them say after the next mass shooting?

What part of "shall not be infringed" do these people controlling dictators not understand? Most gun control laws are unconstitutional at their very base!

Second Amendment rights are only "outsized" because they're constantly under attack.   What's next- only government officials can speak in public for more than 15 minutes?  How about a warrant-less search if someone objects at a DUI checkpoint more than 15 times?

You too, can be a financial "death spiral" state, just like California. Looks like you're well on your way, say goodbye to all the Magpul jobs, for sure.

If I were a gun owner in Colorado, I would move out.I hope the good peole of colorado are smart enough to fire this guy. not only that, federal law trumps state law what he is doing is wasting the tax payers moneysay goodbye to your job hickenboober.

Liberals fighting to take liberties away.  Irony at it's finest

Every representative who voted for this must be removed at the next election, PERIOD.

A great deal of destruction came from the large magazine in Connecticut???? Adam Lanza reloaded a fresh magazine twice with 15 rounds left. In effect He was using 15 round magazines during part of the massacre. The larger the magazine the more reasons to have a jam or failure to feed.  The problem was They were using a gun in a "Democrat designated Gun free zone"! DEMOCRATS are the Problem and Cinemark who posts those "GUN FREE ZONE" LIES!!

Cypress has gun control!

If you want continued restrictions of your rights, keep putting the X in the box next to the democrat. You are getting exactly what you voted for.

About the only thing I might possibly go along with if a snowball survives a trip through hell is adding a mental health check to what we already have. But since a snowball has not got a chance in hell I doubt I'd go along with any of the liberal agenda. It wouldn't help to put in a mental health check since HIPPA laws don't allow doctors to share info on your health, mental or physical. So, it sounds like the democratic party is signing it's own death warrant by tampering with our constitutional rights. I seriously doubt they are going to ever retain any kind of political power anywhere after all is said and done.

Guns don't cause murders.  Pharmaceutical companies do.

Look on the bright side, with these new laws, you can let the cops stay in the donut shops longer since crime will be greatly reduced...YEAH, SURE!!

Gun restrictions bring Constitutional peril.This does not get a lot of attention, but if one is honest and thinks it through....if an average person finds himself in his home having to shoot to defend his life or family......guess what?......he's not going to look like Mel Gibson or James Bond. He's going to be in a full fledged PANIC and will probably MISS with 95% of his shots. I want all the shots I can get. Even cops after a shootout generally have no clue how many times they fired their guns. Not a clue.That "if you need more than 15 rounds" comment is not well thought out. If forced into the horrible nightmare of having to defend my life or my family's life I don't need some #$%$ politician telling me how many times I can shoot at a criminal IN MY HOUSE TRYING TO HARM MY FAMILY without stopping to change magazines.

Tell Hinky to take his BS politics back to the left coast.  The good Gov. needs tarred and feathered.

Are people really stupid enough in this country to believe you can buy guns online without going through an FFL holder?? YOU CANNOT just advertise a gun and sell it OR ship it without going throught the legal channels. I JUST DON'T get it! Is the American public as a whole REALLY that brain dead???I TOO am cancelling my trip to Colorado to visit a good friend of mine, I told him to "Keep Colorado-NEW CALIFORNIA!!!" Not happening.....so sad....

If existing mags over 15 rounds are grandfathered then how can this law be enforced? Most mags are not date stamped.

People Colorado is loss... for NOW.... Hope the Court cases start soon... and I hope NO one travels there for Vacations.. BIG source of Revenue!!   Many other places to SKI, Hunt, fish, and  enjoy the mountains... ALASKA would be good..!!   IF GUN OWNERS and workers of Gun companies go THERE... then ALL IS LOST  and we all deserve what we get!!  NOT ME... I am actually checking other companies that are there to not buy from them... Hey.. I may not spend much... but I do spend, and I have been to COLORADO... BUT NOT AGAIN!!

This is what happens when Democrats gain control. Taxes and big government increase, personal freedoms decrease.

Our idiot governor here in Maryland is doing the same thing...Beretta has told Gov. Pinhead O'Malley they'll bail if he passes his worthless law. I've never seen a bunch of more corrupt thieves acting like politicians until I moved here...I gots to go...

Should be political suicide... I'm buying.

colorado is becoming a tryant  statebt the gov business and people will leave and these stupid hypocrit democrats needs to be voted out in 2014 if it is their election year like clintion said a couple of days ago democrats if you vote for gun control you will get voted out

People who "feel good" supporting a hardware solution to a cultural problem are too stupid to hold office. They are also a danger to America and the rights of its citizens.Thereis something wrong with a government who wants to ban stable law abiding citizens from owning guns, but gives 20 F-16 fighter jets to the crazy new leaders of Egypt.

Another democrat who has been bought and paid for by the Obama/Bloomberg conspiracy to override the Constitution and create an Imperial regime.

These gun control issues would not even be an issue if Obama would address what was responsible for all these shootings. That being mental health. But you see,,,he was just looking for that feel good speech he gave and dodged the fact that it would be harder to push mental health bills,,,when he expected the NRA and gun owners to just roll over like the last time when gun measures were taken. But people have gotten smarter since then and he now has a problem on his hands along with all these so called other political fools who got on the Obama train wreck if they keep pushing the wrong agenda. Once this is over and only then will you see them change course and look at mental health.

This idiot guvner apparently thinks that while a perp is okay committing a capital offense 15 times over by shooting 15 people, he will stop before committing a misdemeanor by loading a few extra bullets in the magazine. This, folks is the assinine stupidity of lib logic!!!

Limiting the number of bullets allowed to be loaded in a magazine only makes sense, if you believe that a criminal willing to commit a capital offense like murder 15 times over, is not willing to commit a misdemeanor, by loading more than 15 bullets in the gun.  This my friends is yet another example of the aissinine stupidity of lib logic!!!

Happiness is a warm gun.

Criminals prefer unarmed victims &amp; dictators prefer unarmed citizens. One version of the new control ban in washington actually stipulates a home inspection to search for assault weapons yet nothing they are trying to pass would have prevented aurora or newtown. Hickenloopers signing will make criminals out of honest citizens by passing down a gun to a family member and magazines can be modified. Returning soldiers with pdst which could be determined due to sleeplessness will no longer be able to own a gun because of a "mental condition", a backdoor way to disarm americans. Hickenlooper needs to understand the criminals will not go for a background check only the good gun owners will and they will be stored in a registry for the media to publish.

the same poeple that always obey the laws wil obey the new laws / those that break laws will not obey new gun laws / theu wll makee money on a new black markit for guns

To all the anti-gun liberals that hate guns so much, move to North Korea. Their citizens aren't allowed to own guns. Their government makes all their decisions for the citizens which is exactly what you all like. So don't try and change my country just get out. You would fit right in as a loyal spineless subject of the North Korean government.

Is it more dangerous to have a citizen in good standing with a firearm or an illegal with a vote? one can kill you the other can kill a nation.WHAT is the big deal about trying to restrict the law abiding citizens rights! HOW about laying it on the criminal3456987098708---==09687575*&amp;^$^#%#

Personally I have had it with rules, regulations and laws.  You cant even go fishing anymorewithout buying multiple licenses, license plates, boat registration, etc.  You now need a laptop with a sat. connection in your boat so you can check the legal status of your fish. Is the fish breeding to big or to small, is it endangered, in season, etc.  Our last fishing trip to Canada was fun caught lots of big ones but at the border the DNR fined all the guys for everything from to many fish to out of season fish.  I tossed mine when I caught them just to be on the safe side and after buying licenses and registrations not to mention the costof the boat and all the restrictions on that.

"Firearms stand next in importance to the constitution itself. They are the American people's liberty teeth and keystone under independence … from the hour the Pilgrims landed to the present day, events, occurences and tendencies prove that to ensure peace security and happiness, the rifle and pistol are equally indispensable … the very atmosphere of firearms anywhere restrains evil interference — they deserve a place of honor with all that's good."George WashingtonFirst President of the United States

Bye Bye Liberal idiot!!

Now since pot smoking is legal in Colorado it's more difficult for a person to protect themselves from home invasion when the dope heads come looking for items to pawn so they can continue their habit.Limiting the size of magazines is just totally stupid.  All you have to do is to have more magazines on hand.  It takes less than a second to change magazines.  Not much of deterent there.

Hey Colorado, Welcome to New York...

i knew he had to be a dimocrap

America, the only country in the world where we give rights to ILLEGAL ALIENS, and take the rights away from law abiding American citizens.

Its funny how the article keeps reffering to just republican opposition, heck their are a lot of dems on her bashing this dictators laws to.

This year will go down in history. For the first time, a civilized nation has full gun registration. Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient, and the world will follow our lead into the future! - Adolph Hitler, 1935, on The Weapons Act of Nazi GermanyDon't think people are upset, the NY pistol and Rifle Assc is taking NY to court over their laws they ramed down their throats in the wee hours of the night. They think they are cute, but will loose their jobs and the jobs of many of their fellow gun grabbing politicians.

Why is it so obvious to me what the progressive left is doing to this country - yet obamites are so blind?

See what happens when Libs from Cali and NY infiltrate your state.

"Political" peril? It is an attack on indeividual's Constitutional rights! It should be met with the same hostility any foreign invader coming to change our way of life would receive!

I wonder is his laws excuse government workers too? Are his just for the people too or do they have to follow the same laws?

Any one thinking taking away rights, Giving G O V more control and jepordising the safty of Americans will regret this in the long term. C U in Texas

recall the $#%$@$

Not one, absolutely not one of the laws passed in Colorado would have prevented the shootings in Aurora or Newtown.  The only people affected are law abiding citizens.  And as for why anyone needs a magazine that holds more than fifteen rounds, I haven't the slightest idea.  That's not the point.  I wonder why some people drive Lamborginis.  The answer is because they want one.  It's the same for the magazines.The people of Colorado wanted to be able to smoke pot legally.  I don't know why.  The reason is the people WANTED it that way.

another puppet violating the will of the people who put him in office

This guy has beenin office to long.Wake up Colorado!10 out of 10 criminals support gun control and gun-free zones.

Not only did Colorado trash the 2nd amendment, isn't Colorado also a sanctuary state that gives and harbors illegal aliens?  If Colorado has the stones I hope it does, time to vote out ALL Democrats, liberals &amp; progressives.

The finacial impact will be felt far deeper than just Magpul leaving. I won't go to Colorado for ANY reason and I have read many others post the same. I want to hurt them deeply. I want these state legislators to directly feel the pain by taking all the funding directly out of their travel industry. I will not visit or spend money at any state or company located in the states of CA, MA, IL and now CO. I know there are other states but I see these as the big 4. I want them to feel the consequences of their decisions.

These idiots have all tee'd themselves up in the stupidest knee jerk reaction I have seen in a while. Trying to restrick Colorodans on the choices for defense and telling them what they can and can not have is like trying to take steak aways from a bull dog. The majority of you who voted for this "will" pay the price!

Liberals changing the constitution they no better , cover up those smokes, and make that soda smaller. Smoke a joint to make you dumber liberal cows. Going to the slaughter house lol

Can we the people of Colorado impeach this traitor. i think so , they impeached a govenor Mecham in Az. a long time ago. start the process now, the sooner the better.

Take your state back! And then start a rally to take back America!

well time to start looking for a job in another STATE as nancy pelosi type people are all moving here!

Governor Perry should watch who he invites into his state.  They take over....

It's always amazing to hear gun-grabbers say they're supporters of the 2nd amendment and guns rights, but...We are canceling our elk hunt to colorado this year.  We are in the process of re locating to montana, wyoming or idaho.   Our sportsmans club have added colorado to the list of DO NOT PURCHASE STATES.  Us alone won't put a dent in there coffers but if we stick together we will send a loud message to colorado dems.

if you are really worried,do a search on DHS No More Hesitation Targets.

Califorado, the new frontier for liberals. Gun control, gay marriage, open borders for illegals, environmental wacco's, high taxes, legal pot, sex offender paradise and 100% liberal rulers.

If in the USA "loyalty" is measured relative to support of the constitution, then illegally abolishing the right to bear arms is an act of treason, in addition to being a violation of the oath of office to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic.Because to ban assault rifles is to make the citizens helpless to defend ourselves against the government.

Kick His butt out of office and run your state the way you want it. How dumb were you to elect a Democratic  jerk.

"Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said."  Who determines who is considered dangerous?  A computer software program?  This kind of software is why I can't buy life insurance.

The Second Amendment is clearly to protect from a tyranny by the State.  The States of the World have killed millions of innocents over the years.  Anyone who votes for tyranny as has been done in Colorado is guilty of Treason.

Hickenlooper also owns a restraunt or two in Colorado that I will never go to and eat anymore.  they are nice and I like the food but will not support this man any longer

Ain't that a kick in the nuts!

Another #$%$ wipe, that goes home to his all yuppie gated community and armed security at his side, telling the rest of us how wonderful and secure we are in our lives, with nothing to fear. We, as Americans, need to start fearing these dim witted, liberal politicians.YAHOO NEWS screwed up this morning and missed a really juicy story on the Sandy Hook Massacre which will help LEGAL GUN OWNERS everywhere or at least it should! BRING it to your Governor's attention PLEASE! The FBI and State Police Forensic Labs Press Release this morning, have put Adam Lanza's (the Connecticut murderer) computer Hard Drive back together, revealing over 500 names and plans for the impending attack! The FBI said that based on the information and dating of the Hard Drive, Lanza had planned this attack for several years. This is CLEARLY a MENTAL HEALTH and NON-Involvement issue by Mother, School Psychologists, Community Mental Health Professionals, State Police and Federal Agents who should have caught him when he was denied purchase of a weapon two weeks before the massacre! The people involved in his life should be held responsible for negligence and stupidity, and imprisoned as Criminals for letting him go about life without, Mental help or some kind of "control! Fools do stupid things, Mentally Ill do worse! It is time to leave Legal Law Abiding Gun Owners alone and "FIX" the Mental Health problems in this Country, starting from the top down!  I have been posting to sites for several months, stating the facts and have either been ignored or chastised by readers for being a "nut case"! Well now I am vindicated! There is more to this story forth coming! The Connecticut Sandy Hook Investigative Panel, set up by Governor Malloy, is wrong in their assumptive reports about guns, and continue to miss the MOST important piece of the puzzle! Governors and Anti-Gun people across the U.S. are falling into the "trap" and better wise up to the lies, and miss information coming out of Connecti#$%$

The POS must be fearing for his life,must be

Have you noticed that these Liberal gun control nuts love to spew vitiol and insults?  Other than unsupportable opinions, they have little to say.  Show these jerks the door, Colorado.

Anyone who attacks any part of the Constitution is a traitor! Vote them out and ride them outr of town on a rail!

FEAR.....It's the beginning of the end.

Get rid of these Traitors!

Well now, we will have a republican governor and whole legislature at next election time and the hunters, gun owners and public will feel so much safer... Only the auto and semi auto weapons will be owned by criminals and gang bangers... What democratic idiot would seal their own fate voting against the US CONSTITUTION...

The sad thing is, there isn't a damn thing these fools have done that will actually stop criminals and lunatics from obtaining firearms and commiting their criminal acts. This is nothing but a typical liberal kneejerk reaction. How long before Colorado becomes the nanny state along with New York??

If they think this will all be forgotten in 2014, they are mistaken.

Colorado has become a very Liberal State, thanks to the Hollywood Elite going to Aspen much of the time. The State just passed the use of Marijuana Law, so do not act like it is a Conservative State that actually backs the 2nd Amendment. It used to be Conservative back in the 50's and early 60's, but no more.Tackle Gun Violence?" Let me help you with some FACTS:Jared Loughner, AZ Shooter, shot Gabby Giffords and killed 6, REGISTERED DEMOCRATJames Holmes, CO Movie Shooter, killed 12, REGISTERED DEMOCRATAdam Lanza, Andy Hook Shooter, killed 26, REGISTERED DEMOCRATEric Harris &amp; Dylan Klebold, Columbine Shooters, killed 13 - Both too young to vote but both raised in homes where parents were permissive,liberal, REGISTERED DEMOCRATSTotal Killed in Mass Shootings by DEMOCRATS = FIFTY SEVENNumber killed in Mass Shootings by NRA Members in same time frame = ZEROSolution to eliminating mass shootings is obvious, BAN LIBERAL DEMOCRATS!!!So many liberals have succumbed to the "mob violence mentality" while mistakenly and ignorantly thinking they are somehow making things "better." Their actions are being incited by a core of devious leftists who have much to gain by disarming those who would support and defend our Constitution. What a pitiful flock of sheeple our once great, free republic has become!

Throw out ALL who threaten our constitution. Period!

Maybe if some of these POS's start dropping like fly's the rest would shut up &amp; lay off the 2nd amendment....What the h3ll seems like guns are in all kinda trouble now anyway.

NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo destroyed his political future with his midnight gun grab. For some quick politically correct publicity he can forget about ever having a chance of becoming president. One can only hope that CO Gov. Hinkenlooper signed his own political death warrant too.

Impeach the tyrants!

The "TRUE" colors of Obama are "finally" being realized, and "WE the People" had enough!Stand strong, "United"; we can fight this evil in our midst. (Federal Government purchased over 1,250,000,000 rounds of ammo; wonder why the shelves are empty)God bless America!

Attention Democrats across the country, roughly 70% of American families own a firearm and we will not forget next November that it was your party that tried to take them from us. Democrats will suffer at the polls.

That's not the Only peril that it brings. As all you ANTI-GUN LIB/DEMS will soon See

" The Strength of the U. S. Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each citizen to Defend and Protect it. Only when every sindle Citizen feels Duty bound to do his share in this Defense are Constitutional Rights secure."..." Use it or Lose it."...

Needs to be repeated!I'm a Racist for criticizing Obama.I'm a Terrorist because I want to protect my 2nd Amendment rights.I'm a Teabagger for supporting the Constitution.I'm a National Security Threat because I speak my mind.I'm a Birther because I dare question the documentation of the President.I'm a Trouble Maker for asking unanswered questions.I'm a Traitor for exposing the corruption of my Government.I'm a Conspiracy Theorist for presenting documented facts.I'm an Anti-American for not towing to the party line.I'm a War Monger because I support our Troops.I'm a Greedy Capitalistic because I believe I am entitled to what I earned.Guilty as Charged, and Proud of It!No pain in the human experience exceeds that felt at the loss of a child.    How evil are the reptiles that lie in wait for such pain as an opportunity to advance their coward's philosophy.   No laws proposed anywhere would have stopped any of the insanity that we are now exposed to in our desensitized society.Every on line seller and every manufacturer should refuse to sell firearms to law enforcement in Colorado that are also outlawed to its citizens.   I"LL NOT BUY FROM COMPANIES THAT DO SELL TO LAW ENFORCEMENT IN COLORADO THOSE PRODUCTS THAT ARE ILLEGAL TO COLORADO CITIZENS.

bye bye colorado...no tourist dollars anymore for you.

Are deadly large Cokes next on their agenda?!

Hey Coloradans, think of it this way; Your guns won't become illegal, they'll become "undocumented" just like Jose and Pedro the lawn guys.

THE ONLY WAY to get rid of these liberals is TO VOTE THEM OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Denver will wind up being another Chicago.  That seems to be what they want.  Instead of taking my trip to Colorado this year, I will spend my tourist dollars in Wyoming.

SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The Agenda is One Piece at a time. Before you know it, they will be after the "Assault Pistol., the "Assault Revolver. and the deadly double barrel "Assault Shotgun"

Easy solution..........BOYCOTT COLORADO until they are like ILLINOIS, broke. Maybe that will show them. For all the hunters who spend THOUSANDS to go to Colorado each year, please, come to Idaho. We have the same hunting, and our hotels are cheaper. (tags probably are too). Boycott the beer, the broncos, the avalanche, the nuggets, the rockies, and all the other assorted activities other states are willing to pick up. VIVA THE 2nd AMENDMENT!

Hickenlooper knows good and well these restrictions wouldn't have prevented Aurora.  He originally said so, then had a 'change of heart'?  No, he's a typical dirtbag, leftist, bought-and-paid-for politician who will say whatever he needs to to mask his agenda.Attacking the Constitution is treason and should be treated as such.

And the Democrats have the gull to call Republicans "The party of NO." ?!?

99.99% of gun owners follow all gun laws 100% and harm nobody, so go after the criminals and the mental handicapped that shouldn't have weapons and leave the rest of us the F alone!

The only failed state is one whose leaders do not fear the citizenry.

Based on empirical data, the stricter the gun control, the higher the crime rate.  What kind of idiot politician would want that?  Only a lib leftest who is willing to sacrifice his constituents safety!

Just go across the border of Colorado to any of the surrounding states and get 30 rd. mags.  They are not serialized and are not traceable.  All you have to say is that you've had them for years.  They are grandfathered.

Question : What were the British doing in Lexington in 1775Answer: Looking for "illegal" weaponsResult; "The shot heard around the world" and The 2nd AmendmentAny and all forms of "Gun Controll" is UNCONSTITIONAL and there for ILLEGAL

There is no credible evidence that any amount of gun control has ever saved a single life.  The murder rate in the US has trended steadily downward for 32 years, and neither the passage nor the expiration of the Diane Feinstein Assault Weapon Ban had ANY effect on the overall murder rate.

Colorado please enact POLITICIAN CONTROL in the next cycle and vote every single one of these flunkies OUT

I remember 25 years ago seeing signs that said " Don't Californicate Colorado" Well it has happened.The shooter was stopped only by his gun jamming. It jammed from heat caused by firing to many rounds to quickly. Had he used less capacity magazines he possibly could have prevented the jaming of the gun thus causing a lot more fatalities.

Obama does not want you to "hang on to your guns and religion", both being guaranteed by the Constitution.    He wants to take them away from you and fundamentally change America.

Just in; a guy at UCF kills himself and they find guns and bombs in his room;  in reaction some students sign a petition against "gun-violence": I guess "bomb-violence" is okay since they didn't even mention them . If not maybe we should pass laws to limit  the number of bombs a person can possess to 15 or less, and require background checks on bomb possession that might make us "feel safer" : Now that's the logic that scares the #$%$ out of me

when will voters / people realize that the democrat party are not moderate.The democrat party are the party of extremist, bigots, the filthy rich who want to control the masses...

The libs will really be sorry next year

Good. "The right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." "Not much gray area on this one, sir."

The real problem is not the magazine restrictions or the mandatory background checks on private sales (good luck enforcing that btw), its the fact that this is the start of the complete repeal of the 2nd amendment.

Higgenloooper is a communist.

Feinstein's bill got dumped. Let's hear it...Hip Hip HURRAY!!!

democrats and vacuum cleaners have something in common- they both SUCKlook at all the money that will be made from making new magazines just to adhere to the Colorado law ... instead of 1 thirty round being $25 each, a fifteen rounders will be $20 each. a little duct tape ... what's changed

the right to bear arms comes from God not some statehouse, these tyrannical laws are to be ignored.

Latest news, Assault rifle ban being dropped from legislation...Now who is listening, who are the people wanting these guns, who has spoken loudly, clearly and changed power hungry politicians minds ???!!!!????...WE HAVE...Backlash coming for you anti gunners, reap what you have sown.

I've got news for you Hinckenlooper...YOU don't decide if I get to abide by my Constitutional Rights or not.   You can make whatever "laws" you want, but that doesn't mean that I, or anybody else, will be required to abide by them.   By the way pal..when you ever decide to take our weapons may I ask that YOU yourself come to my door to collect them ?

Colorado is an excellent example of what happens when you let hippies, libs, and democrats move into your Red State unchecked!!

I just saw that Senate Dems have dropped the assault weapons ban

I am a liberal Democrat, and I support the right to Keep and Bear arms, and so does every other Democrat I know. Brady of the Brady bill was a Republican. Gun grabers are in both parties. The only countries with gun control, are Dictatorships.

If history has taught us anything, it is that the ultimate goal of "gun control" is control of the people.

Sen. Dianne Feinstein emerged from a closed-door meeting with Majority Leader Harry Reid on Monday — but her ban on assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition magazines didn’t.Mr. Reid turned down her attempt to bring her ban on 157 different weapons and ammunition clips aboard the Democratic Party’s comprehensive gun bill.Mr. Reid want to keep his job   Time to show the Gov. of Colorado the door

Let's shelve the gun control issues and ENFORCE the current laws and sentencing.Why can't liberals stay in NY and CA? 2 states that are just for them. Leave the rest of us alone.

We also had planned a two week trip to Colorado in late May early June.  We just cancelled with the various motels and told them why.  They all said they were swamped with cancellations.  GOOD.  We the honest people can vote with our Cash and stop this stupidity.

John Hickenlooper has gone DimRat Loopy !!! There has to be a better way to get his nose so far up Comrade Obama`s Rectum that it ends up stinking like a Fascist / Communist Liberal , I also noticed that this article stated something about background checks Online , Why can`t these DimRats do their research ?? They would know that any Gun payed for Online automatically has to be sent to an FFL ,Where the paperwork has to be filled out and the NICS is done ,That is why a Gun Purchase online is not always such a good deal , Shipping and Handeling and then the Transfer Fee ,Most FFL`s charge around $25 ,But some much higher

Pass any and all of the gun laws you want, I'm keeping my guns. I bought everything I thought I MIGHT need when this s*h*i*t started. I'm good. Sooner or later the ignorant democrats are going to push law abiding citizens too far and its going to be ugly.

The gov says 'what a great deal of damage was done from the large magazine. . . .'  Newsflash, the magazine didn't do a bloody thing . . . . the person pulling the trigger did.  But hey, you've got millions of law-abiding citizens to strip rights from as a result of that criminal's actions, so we understand.

A knee jerk reaction to horrible crimes. When these people lose their jobs they will think back and wish they would have put more thought into their legislation.

This is the "pond $~C~U~M" that is SERVING AND PROTECTING OUR CITIZENS? No wonder we have problems. Progressive liberal democrats are the ones that need to be registered (and PUBLICLY BRANDED) as offensive to the core values of our Constitution, our Bill of Rights, and just BASIC HUMAN RIGHTS. This is the same garbage propaganda that they are teaching to our young children. This is UNACCEPTABLE!In as much as they are public servants, their public rants should be the only evidence needed for them to be immediately dismissed from office, tried for treason, sedition and promoting terrorism, and then further banished from government service with the same equality and vigor as any rapist, child molester or pedophile.You can have my guns....BULLETS FIRST, EMPTY HIGH CAPACITY MAGAZINES SECOND!PS – MagPul, you are ALWAYS welcome here in Nevada!

The governor of Colorado was paid off. He has no political future in this country after betraying the people in his own state. What was the going cost of your political future, traitor?

if you give these anti gun idiots an inch they will try and take a mile.

Hickenlopper is a communist.Politicians that violate their oath to the constitution and the constitution itself should be prosecuted. It's time for the "above the law" politician to end!

Making good people helpless doesn't make bad people harmless. Gun laws only keep  guns away from citizens . A man who won't stand for anything, will bow to everything.

You know alot of people are against the Republican party but i have to wonder is it just me or doesn't it appear that it's the Republicans (mostly,i know there are some Dems too) that are submitting bills to protect our children,our 2nd amendment rights,And reduce spending and fiscal debt?!  It also appears that most of the bills being introduced to ban guns,mag size limits,and increase our spending are being pushed by Dems.I am starting to believe we as a nation are being manipulated to push us away from the facts and into fear.

Colorado is now run by liberal/progressives, and their aim is to take away our freedoms.  Look at what the liberal/progressive president is during. It took Rand Paul for the president to admit that it was against the Constitution for the president to order drone strikes against Americans on America soil.We'll see what happens though.

I hope this assault on the 2nd ammendment costs the Dems dearly in the 2014 election. We shall see but all signs point that it will.

This is why you can't allow libtards to gain political power. They will destroy all that is right and good!

Businesses which provide a product, operating in Colorado will be EXCLUDED from any future purchases of products by myself, my family and my business if this method of knee jerk, feel good legislation concerning firearms continues in that state. Future trips to Colorado for both business and personal reason have been put on hold. This is the only voice we, who live outside of Colorado, have and we will use it.

This shows the split from the dem party and a majority of the people that live outside major metropolitan areas.  The founders expected this and went for a states rights government based on the fed being limited to only those powers enumerated in the Consitution.  We have blown right through that by lawyers becoming activist judges and expanding the powers beyond anything the founders could have expected.  Before long, NYC, CHI, Phil, DC, and LA will determine our government.  Just looking at those places, our country is in big trouble!

Where I am in Minnesota is a liberal state, and the legislators don't dare to pull sheet like this, votethemmotherfucers out.

Mr. Hickenlooper, you do realize the AR-15 jammed because of the 100 rd magazine?Bye bye Hickenlooper. I told you in a letter recently if you supported this agenda I would do everything I can to see you sent home with no further political career in this state. These are just more feel good laws that won't do a damn thing to stop crime. So here it is, I am a tax paying, retired, law abiding, veteran, gun owner, sportsman, outdoorsman, father and grandfather. If I have to, I will go door to door to see that you will no longer be a politician in this state. Take that to the bank and I guarantee you sir (using the term loosely) there are many Coloradans that feel the same as I do, So I guess you better get your game face on cause you and all your cronies (democrats) are going to have one hell of a fight to stay in any office in this state! IMO

Why dont they try banning criminals ? Oh wait ... never mind ....

I'm a Racist for criticizing Obama.I'm a Terrorist because I want to protect my 2nd Amendment rights.I'm a Teabagger for supporting the Constitution.I'm a National Security Threat because I speak my mind.I'm a Birther because I dare question the documentation of the President.I'm a Trouble Maker for asking unanswered questions.I'm a Traitor for exposing the corruption of my Government.I'm a Conspiracy Theorist for presenting documented facts.I'm an Anti-American for not towing to the party line.I'm a War Monger because I support our Troops.I'm a Greedy Capitalistic because I believe I am entitled to what I earned.Guilty as Charged, and Proud of It!

Some of those idiot Democrats drafted a bill to charge gun owners with a crime if their guns were stolen and later used in a crime. Really? With this foolish line of thinking, wouldn't you have to charge the parents with a crime if a kidnapper broke into their house and kidnapped their children? Why not? They didn't "properly secure" their children or their house. What if someone stole their car and used it to run over someone? Charge the car owner with a crime for not "properly sucuring" their car?  Oh, my. We've got clowns running the circus.

From the Washington Post: "Harry Reid shoots down Feinstein gun-ban bill"

Eight hours by car from my current location are the most wealthy, well-armed, and violent drug cartels in the history of the world. They have assault rifles (many provided by our government) with 50-100 round magazines. They routinely shoot up whole restaurants, bars, and buildings to shoot one victim.Having a double barrel shotgun (per Joe Biden) would be next to worthless against these cartel members.Why should Sacha and Malia get 11 armed guards buy my kids have to take their chances at school?

Oh, the horror!! Reid has refused to attach Feinsteins bill to the gun control bill. It will have to be introduced on it's own or put on as an amendment, which is unlikely to progress either way. I'm so distraught.....not!

The voters and U.S. Supreme Court will have the last word...again!

I guess it is time for coloradians to clear out their political ranks of anti gun politicians

I'm ready to join Law Enforcement in Colorado as soon as these laws go into effect. I can sit around at the donut shop and feel safe for hours and hours while these laws can keep the public soooo safe......YEAH.....I hear ya'....The election in 2014 won't matter. Colorado is now saturated with liberals from back east. Most of them young trust funders with Obama stickers slapped all over their Subarus. Liberals are a disease.

Gun manufacturers belong in states like Texas and Tennessee.  States where we appreciate these types of things.  If you are a firearms manufaturer or something similar to that, and you are in a liberal state, you are doing yourself a real disservice.Come on down to Texas, we'll fight for you.

What makes these elected government drones think they know more about our welfare than we do?

Ummmmmmmmmmm...what a freaking idiot and you Coloradoans’ voted this imbecile in office, well you all have to live with these SOCIALISTS actions unless you impech them for not upholding the constitution.

Just proves there no such thing as a moderate democrat. You good folks in Colorado need to stand up and say NO to this buffoon. When the next elections rolls around remember - it's your freedom at risk when you cast a ballot for any democrat.

I agree with this statement for sure: "If he signs these bills, I have to come to the conclusion that he's more interested in his national prospects than he is his legacy here in Colorado." ALL the politicians care about are votes and power, WHAT about what the PEOPLE WANT???? We ALREADY laws in place, don't you GET IT???

Good Lord Almighty!  What about alcohol and driving and family dysfunction! Collectively way worse than a 30 round clip!

Yep, next it will be against the law to allow kids to watch the Lone Ranger, Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, Annie Oakley, The Cisco Kid and the other gun-nut TV/Movie Star killers with a bad messages about fighting evil, being a loyal American, etc.  :-)After all, we wouldn't want our kids growing up thinking that they had RIGHTS, etc.

Democrats just dug their own grave in Colorado.

Colorado: Liberals are slowly taking over your state. you better stop it soon, or you will not like the results.False premise:  assault rifles are the blame for mass killings.  the gun control people use that false premise to threaten gun bans.  same type of premise would also ban people from detroit and chicago from the united states - - they kill more people than any other cities.

Colorado will not get my hunting money anymore or vaction Dollars either in protest, this lack of funds is the only thing politicians understand, so hunters pls take your dollars farther north where they are appreciated.

Before enacting new laws, how about enforcing the EXISTING laws? It's not rocket science people,  (politicians), get your act together and THINK!

If he wants to focus on keeping guns out of the wrong hands, crack down on gun trafficking. Bans do nothing but keep guns out of the right hands.

Throw the bums out!

COLORADO......Get It Done! Get that Re-Call going as quickly as possible...No Delays.....These Fools that proposed, supported, and voted for these laws, DID NOT hear a word the People said....they went right down the Traitorous Democratic, Lock Step, Goose Step Party Line ......Heil Democrats!

My dollars will not be spent in Co! or any other state who wants to take away gun rights!

I'm with you, Magpul. Have purchased many of your products, and will order more as soon as you relocate to help start your turnaround. Shame on Colorado for acting so irresponsibly, hope it hurts them deep in the pockets very soon.

Wealth redistribution -- take from the rich and give to the poor -- is a philosophy taken right from socialism. So how do you get Americans to adopt it? You can't just pass laws that directly take money from one and hand it to another, at least not yet. Americans are too smart for that. Instead, we need some creativity.The first step: Create a massive wealth IOU distribution network for the poor through years and years of bad policy making on Capitol Hill. Call it something like the "Affordable Mortgage Initiative." Keep interest rates very low and allow its distribution to be so systemic that it infects deeply into the entire financial system, thus encouraging banks, lenders and investors to get greedy and caught up in it.Step 2: Allow it to collapse to the point where the entire economy and everyone's livelihood are held hostage by a crippling credit crunch. Be sure to come up with a "half-truth" and point the finger at the "greedy free markets" running wild.Step 3: Go back to Capitol Hill and ask that they "make good" on all those IOUs by adopting a massive tax on the American citizens, all while claiming to have saved the economy. And don't forget to enact new laws to now fully control the free markets.Step 4: Welcome to socialism, American-style.The sad reality is that our American economy is not a free and capitalistic environment, as we were all brought up to believe. Wealth redistribution is well and thriving in our country in the form of credit.

under obama we have social-economic slavery to the federal government. Gun control is his way of complying with the united nations demands on gun control/ confiscation thus removing from us, we the people,  our only way to defend ourselves from a repressive government(s)!you can not legislate the hearts of evil men. If you take away guns they will find other means to kill.Theres a great law. Have your rights taking away because someone accused you of something.. Heres another great law to pass then. All voted in leaders have to resign if someone accuse's them of trying to pass stupid laws

This law will certainly prevent criminals and nut jobs from getting guns. Colorado pols should be praised for their foresight and genius.

That's because anyone with common sense knows a LAW is only effective against people that follow laws in the first place. They are automatically making Criminals out of good people that happen to have some of the Banned Items. If making something Illegal worked, there wouldn't be METH, Cocaine and Heroine on the streets!  It's called "the Theory of Duhh"

If it is not enforced by the 2nd Amendment....I will not abide by it

RECALL the governor!

dope is legal now in Co so next liberal move is to take guns away,,I will come up from Texasand help you fight these gun control libs

Washington!  Pay attention, your jobs are at stake, No more gun control laws, . Enforce the ones you already have,

Businesses and places that are gun-free zones should be held accountable for the safety of their patrons.  If they are going to disarms their law abiding patrons, they should be legally liable for the patron's/children's/voter's safety.

Enjoy your new higher crime rate Colorado.

anyone who would ever cast another vote for any sitting democrat/liberal/racist/progressive party member deserves what ever tragedy hits them or their families.Stay away from Colorado...spend your money elsewhere.

I like gun control, I use both hands!!

Coloroit

It is a fact that you can now print these magazines on a 3D printer. You cannot control access to them. The solution therefore is not to control the law abiding, but to allow them their uninfringed right to defend themselves.

Oh my, I was planning on murdering a large group of innocent people, but I have changed my mind because I don't want to break any magazine capacity laws!!!

All political power comes from the barrel of a gun. The communist party must command all the guns, that way, no guns can ever be used to command the party."- Mao Tse Tung

I believe it's safe to say.Many of today's anti gun nuts were still in diapers in 1994 so they don't know what happened to the gun grabber politicians that year.

Kansas was wise to put its western border at Kanorado.  Kansas territory originally included what is now Denver!  All those good folks between Kanorado and Denver, we miss YOU.

Former governor Hiceknlooper lost his bid for reelection. He is best remembered as a surporter of knee jerk gun control, and lost jobs as  manufactureres left Colorado. Gun laws only effect law abiding citizens and rarely stop criminals or the criminaly insane. Like politicians, they do not obey the law.

Holding guns responsible for crimes committed with 1 is no different than holding children responsible for child abuse!Moderate is another word for wishy washy.....I respect a liberal more. Oh, and regarding magazines he said "where is this appropriate?"......  It's appropriate when the government oversteps its bounds......as if it hasn't already.

If you want to keep a gun in your home and you have someone living with you that has a mental illness will you seek help for this individual if it also means you can't have a gun anymore either?Passing foolish laws like this will only prevent people from seeking help for fear of a record that will disarm them.  They will simply buy their guns the same way felons do once they have such a record. Selling black market guns also becomes a more profitable enterprise.Governor, it's just plain stupid.

"An armed citizen is the best way to stop a crime before it ever happens". - FDR 1937

Hickenloopers solution.....For every magazine I take, I will give you 400 new illegals to make up for it, okay ? There's twice as many illegals in Co. than there are bullets in the state, now THAT's what ought to scare you, not magazines.

Rights are not to be infringed or voted upon!  I may not like what you say, the religion you try to shove down my throat, or the tragedies that sometimes happen at the hands of some crazy nut with a gun - but if we don't fight to protect EVERYONES' rights, we will soon find our own liberty curtailed.

No, Kristen and Ivan; the Colorado legislation will bring greater incidents of personal injury to those who are less able to defend themselves from attacks by criminals who would never obey such laws, per the definition of 'criminal'.I'm not surprised members of the Liberal Main Stream Media chose to focus on the adverse impact on the careers of politicians who violated our Constitutional (Amendments) rights for their political power, rather than consider the increased potential for harm to law abiding citizens.In my opinion, any politician who doesn't understand and support our Constitutional rights SHOULD suffer 'adverse career impacts'; i.e. lose their re-election campaign.In fact, those who directly and knowingly violate the US Constitution should be promptly removed from their elected position and replaced in a special election.

I prefer peace. But if trouble must come, let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace. ~Thomas Paine

move out of colorado and come here to louisiana.  we are nuts but a healthy kind, so far.my question, the boys in ohio took pictures of what they did. so are the smart phones dumb or the boys dumb for using their smart phones in a dumb way?  applicable question for guns, liquor etc. etc.  it's the moral failure of the human not some inanimate object.

Are we suppose to deal with this oppression, where its all about the rich paying no taxes?while the working man works his life away so the rich can play?

I predict a lot of changes coming Next year in Mid-Terms -- Of course that's as long as the Libs don't get away with their Massive Voter Fraud games like they did in the last Election.Personally I prefer twenty round mags, and load them with 10 rounds to protect the springs elasticity and feed rate. It only takes two seconds to eject a mag and slap in another, and I'm old and slow...

felons, rapists and liberal democrats hate you NRA

No he doesn't support gun rights.  Good luck CO

Its going to be interesting how real Colorado citizens react to this, will they show up at the capital in mass protest?  Time is short Colorado, only you can save your state

I think it's time for a recall of the Governor and the rest of them that pushed these Unconstitutional laws thru. They can't honor their oath of office it's time to remove them from office!

The libs/commies in CO will vote to limit the actions of responsible people but, they'll just give probation to CHILD RAPISTS! Pressure them to pass Jessica's Law!

Awwwww, NO...Yapooians. Gun owners know that 1. This is the first step to total gun control (tip o the ice berg) 2. I won't accomplish anything that will deter crime.Axt yourself libtards is the theater shooter on death row yet?

Hey Colorado!  Welcome to New Jersey! We have a 15 round limit too! Yay! Now they want to cut it to 10. Anybody startin to see the picture?

Gun Control = Total Control

Don't wait for the next election get the bums out now.Why force laws on people who don't want them. I am a gun owner and and independent voter who supported the Democrats in the last election.  I will not support the Democrats in 2014.

The governor needs to get his facts straight.  The Aurora shooter fired only a couple of rounds through his rifle before it jammed, then switched to his shotgun, which did far more damage at the close range he was at.

Along with California and New York another one not to vacation in or even visit..

this what you get when you allow liberal vermin to infest your capital.

So nice to see the left wing wack jobs "shooting" themselves in the foot!  Ha!

Betcha if all those Californians who moved there went back to CA this wouldn't pass...the liberals truly do infect every place they move to with the same mess they left.  The libs won't be satisfied until every state is in the same mess.  It is the criminals people not the guns who do the insane killings and more people were killed with a hammer last year than a gun..

He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty, he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself. ~Thomas Paine

Funny how 75% of the crime in this Coutry is done by illegals, but the Politicians never say a word about stopping them,

I have a feeling come election time.. The dems will be out in that state...

Gun control laws will bring political peril to every politician foolish enough to support them.  They don't work anywhere they've been tried.Derail this bandwagon...Vote them out...

If murder was not such a sin this POS would most likely be dead already.

gun restriction have proven in history to not at all curb gun violence. your an idiot to think it does.everyone should have a right to carry. that will curb gun violence. that also proven in history.folks they had a study with criminals that actually used guns. they lean to doing their crimes in areas with gun restrictions as they don't have a fear of being shot at.Straight from the mouths of criminals, and no one is listening. why, because they want more than just gun control. they want to one day get all the guns.”To Conquer a Nation First Disarm its Citizens” Adolf Hitler

well as we knew hickenlooper would do it as he is not for the people of colorado! his own wife was going to divorcee him unless he runs for president in 2016, so he cows down to her and obama and to think this man made his money from selling alcohol using illegal labor. so he will make a fine president as he cares nothing about america or her constitution either!

Have you noticed how America is being disarmed by decrees &amp; regulations while those of us who disagree keep believing that a line will someday be crossed -- but it never seems to be.

8 rounds of 45 ACP times 2 and a concealed carry permit. Being prepared is not being paranoid.

Stand Up Colorado Citizens! Don't let these bullies take away your rights. Vote them out before they bring you down!

The voters is were the blame starts and ends. They knew very well they were electing Libs, and got what they deserve.  This is California east. Good luck with these guys, they can do a lot of damage in 2 years.

Democrats and the Jews in Germany in 1933 have something in common. They  believe that government has their best interests in mind, even when logic would prove differently.

Idiots all of them!I pray magpul carries through.

Lanzo used 4 handguns. If he walked in with 4 handguns with 15 round magazines he would not have to reload. That could possibly leave 60 people dead! Do you see how theseB$ laws will not work? This is a political agenda! Hickenlooper does not care about his people only his parties political agenda! VOTE HIM OUT!

Can't wait to see how the 2014 elections play out in this state.

Its not the capacity of magazine, of all the people in movie theater not one person had a weapon. We need to arm the law abiding citizens so it can detour this type of massacre. Only one person could have made a difference if one person had a weapon.

I support gun control for Dimocratic Libtards !

Smaller mags would have lessened Aurora casualties? Who thinks up that crud? Corralling 1 on 1 sales of guns will decrease crime? Why should college campuses be treated special? Aren't they young adults being taught how the world works? Any Libs got any serious answers?

When that guy went into that theater and killed all those people, he broke at least 16 laws.  If there were 19 laws to break in order to do it, he wouldn't have done it.

We're tired of politicians "ratcheting back" our RIGHTS!          YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT, HICK

Politicians are Employees of the voting public.  When they go off the reservation on their own political agenda it should be the end of their carrier.  The problem is in Colorado it is very un-certain because of the liberal make up of the state who stands where,.I will say this.  We in Michigan even though Mi. carried Obama it was only the 7 Black welfare counties which created that outrage of foolishness.  If you want to move and leave Colorado behind, we are a State which has just enacted Right To Work and we have many small and large factories in excellent repair needing to be filled.  We also support the NRA and the 2nd amendment.I am sure that our Governor  will work with any business which wants to relocate. So pack up and come here.

No richboy politician can scuttle the second amendment.Your laws are unenforceable, Lib.I cancelled my revestation to Colorada last week. Don't go there starve them to death.

Tell the politicians they can go door to door and collect ( 1 round at a time )

The criminals and crazies can't wait to comply with these new gun laws............idiots.

To all my friends and relatives in Colorado, It may be time to move to Arizona where cooler heads regarding firearms and their ownership have always prevailed.

It should bring peril.Every politician swears to uphold our Constitution.And that means not bending the rules slightly either.I hope anyone that votes for these do nothing laws is voted out next election.

So this means that there will never be a shooting in Colorado again right?

When you buy a gun online, there IS a background check.  They don't just mail you the gun, they ship it to a Federally licensed firearm dealer, who must send a copy of his license to the company selling the gun.  When your gun gets to the local dealer, he fills out all the paperwork and does the required background checks before you get to play with the gun.

Shall not be infringed!

Annnd....another right bites the dust.

There is no more common ground ! You get nothing. You stinking libertards have ruind this nation to the point it may never be the same again."Be not afraid of any man, no matter what his size, when danger threatens call on me, and I will equalize"  .........Inscription on early Colt revolvers.

Wonder if the POS is fearing for his life,anyone in their right mind would be....That leaves him out.

RECALL the S-O-B

Bye Bye Libs! You just shot yourselves in the foot! Next, America will shoot you in the HEAD!

make a stand colorado it appears your the first state to bow to the federal government. don't let this happen. the federal government is stock piling ammo and other military equipment. these military items are not going to the military. I will not try to guess why they are doing this.I will leave it up to you to figure that out. homeland security is getting these military Items home land security was put into place to fight terrorist inside the united states. let your mind wonder why homeland security need billions of rounds of ammo and tanks inside the US borders and at the same time try to restrict guns

Let the people speak at the next election. You voted these lefties in - now vote them out and repeal

vote them out... !!...should be our slogan across across the nation... !!!!!!

The Lib Koolaid has Flooded Colorado...it sank like a Titanic today!!!.but there is hope for survivors, I see em swimmin for Texas...by the Droves!!!

99.99% of gun owners follow all gun laws 100% and harm nobody, so go after the criminals and the mental handicapped that shouldn't have weapons and leave the rest of us the F alone!

"All laws which are repugnant to the Constitution, are null and void."Chief Justice Marshall, Marbury v. Madison, 5, U.S. (Cranch) 137, 174,176SAYS IT ALL!Impact on legal civilians; 100%....impact on criminals; 0%.........Kalorado, the state where legislators are free to be as stupid as they want to be.....and the citizens are stupid enough to elect them......there really is a zombie apocalypse happening in this country.....

Hey, Hickenlooper, you really think Buffalo Bill was a gunslinger? Wasn't Colorado where the US army entertained the Sand Creek massacre of the Cheyenne Indian tribe? Were they not the true natives of Colorado? They weren't gunslingers, they were just trying to survive. They even raised the white flag, and you still gunned them down. I think you're stupid, that's why Colorado's people should not give up any of their constitutional rights to bear arms!

I'm still shocked at the way Amanda Collins was treated by the senate. Apparently liberals don't care if a woman is raped or her ability to defend against, as long as she can abort after. And it was a WOMAN dem that said she wouldn't have been safer with a gun. "You weren't there" was Amanda's reply. Which side do you want to be on folks?

Well the peoples ideas of a communist liberal left hack of a governor has changed also.he and his wacko minions will be voted out of office weining all the way,when their gun control is gone also.

vote the idiots out

I don't believe that the problem is that Coloradans don't want to promote common sense safety measures, but that these laws passed based, based on political expediency rather than knowledge and common sense, after being demonstrated repeatedly to have no net effect on safety. Numerous testing has shown that magazine size has nothing to do with the number of shots fired in a given time period, yet the magazine ban passed regardless.  Also, with guns in Colorado not being registered to any particular person, there is no means of enforcing the background check before passing them on to others.  Both bills are viewed by conservative people as panacea; just a first attempt at moving toward more restrictive laws, as these prove to be ineffective.

Vote him out next election.

Hickenlooper is one dumb Sonuvabitch.

That is what socialist  are , Only the selected few can have guns and special rights  , Decisions are not made by the (majority) of the people . The socialist use the media to spread lies and corrupted votes. ,, Welcome to the beginning of n@zi Germany .

Something smells funny when it comes to gun control...after Oboma discovered he would get nowhere with gun control, the states started to write up new laws for gun control.  Someone needs to hack some e-mail exchanges.AP do you get up every morning and Look at Obama Picture and chant MAO !!! MAO!!! Before you start writing your lies !!! I mean really !!!! Do better then this !!!!!

Bye-Bye DEM-Liberals, enjoy the Unemployment line in 2014!!

a simple case of an elitist government doing it's will and not the will of The People.

another lying politician who chnges his tune for popularity, i'd like to find the rock these b@trds crawl out from under and seal it in cement.

Is your shotgun as lazy as mine?"Today I swung my front door wide open and placed my Remington 870 right in the doorway. I gave it 6 shells, I then left it alone and went about my business.While I was gone, the mailman delivered my mail, the neighbor boy across the street mowed the yard, new neighbors moved in next door, a girl walked her dog down the street, and quite a few cars stopped at the stop sign right in front of our house.After about five hours, I checked on the gun. It was still sitting there in the wheelchair, right where I had left it. It hadn’t rolled itself anywhere. It certainly hadn’t killed anyone, even with the numerous opportunities it had been presented to do so. In fact, it hadn’t even loaded itself. Well you can imagine my surprise, with all the media hype about how dangerous guns are and how they kill people. Either the media is wrong, and it’s the misuse of guns by PEOPLE that kills people, or I'm in possession of the laziest gun in the world.Alright, well I’m off to check on my spoons. I hear they’re making people fat

I guess Obama is trying to kill more jobs, with Gun Control.....

This will be political suicide for the DemoDictators!It's time to boot out all the the old Cronies who cherish their jobs more than they do our Constitution and our country.  Same with the MEDIA.....The Media used to be there for the people and give them hard news about both sides of the parties and our Presidents.  They never used to bury the truth to protect their party.  Journalist are now coming out of college as narrow minded liberals.   No guts and all fear!   They don't know how to report real hard news or ask hard questions.  Shameful!

When seconds count.....the Police are only Minutes away!

Any respectable firearms manufactuer should be closing their doors and relocating to a state that is more friendly to them.

Hmm, I'm shooting up a place full of terrorized UNARMED innocent people. Do these knee jerk reactive politicians really think its going to stop me from doing because I may have to change a magazine a couple extra times or even work the bolt/lever or what ever each time I fire? I don't think so. Even if the crazy has no access to a weapon, whats to stop them from sneaking in with a 5 gallon can of gasoline and burning the place down? Go after the criminals, not the citizens that have done no wrong!"The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are laws of such a nature. They disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes.... Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man."- Thomas Jefferson

"A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government."- George Washington

What in the freak is a Hickenlooper ?  And is there a medication for it ?

If they remove all guns,  destroy them all,  what would stop someone from making gas grenades from balloons,  driving through a playground or poisoning food and water sources?  Causing pain, death and mayhem is easy.  Figuring out who and where they will strike nearly impossible.

In the past when liberal Democrats supported tight gun control, they lost elections as a result.  I can only hope that the voters send them another reminder come next election.   I'd still love to know why liberals believe that criminals, who break the law, are going to follow any gun law.

Chickenlooper will loose next election

Bottom line is we have to educate the voters on the issues so they better understand the ramifications.  Obama and the democratic party are no longer the party of the past, they are now a socialist party who will take our rights away one by one.

I'm a Racist for criticizing Obama.I'm a Terrorist because I want to protect my 2nd Amendment rights.I'm a Teabagger for supporting the Constitution.I'm a National Security Threat because I speak my mind.I'm a Birther because I dare question the documentation of the President.I'm a Trouble Maker for asking unanswered questions.I'm a Traitor for exposing the corruption of my Government.I'm a Conspiracy Theorist for presenting documented facts.I'm an Anti-American for not towing to the party line.I'm a War Monger because I support our Troops.I'm a Greedy Capitalistic because I believe I am entitled to what I earned.Guilty as Charged, and Proud of It!

When you give up freedom for security, you lose both!  Does anyone out there really believe that any gun law will prevent mad men or criminals from getting what they need to commit their heinous acts?  Also, if politicians are successful at destroying the 2nd Amendment, you know dang well the other Amendments will be on the table.  Our Constitution will be destroyed one chip at a time.  Whether you believe in gun ownership or not, you should at least believe that our Constitution is sacred!

Ski in Utah, we are also gun sensible."Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.Hickenlooper did; support new laws that will only affect the law abiding, not the dangerous people of his statement!Pandering hypocrites!

Hickenlooper will go down as the most anti-gun Governor in Colorado history.

Good. Colorado deserves "Political Peril".

Why do we need more background checks? Voting is a constitutional right of the people and liberals believe that you should only have to sign a paper to register in hopes that you are legal and will not break the law. No id is required, just your word. Why can't I just buy a firearm and the liberals have that same confidence that I will not break the law? I will sign a paper and check the box stating that I can legally own a firearm.

Our freedoms are going away bit by bit because of liberal politicians

People of Colorado you can make a change for the good next election vote out the commie libs.

obama has his followers in mass hysterics over guns - they don't mind killing unborn babies by the millions but, gasp, no guns BECAUSE THEY KILL CHILDREN. What a bunch of hypocritical nonsense.

I guess  the "liberal/progressive/secular/democrats" have become the new dictator regime similiar to how Hitler got started in Germany!   It's "...do as I say, but not what I do!"

If Hick thinks signing these bills will up his national presence, he's wrong.  Helping destroy the US Constitution will NOT play well.

Make dope legal and ban guns, what a joke.Kinda sounds like CA, on the slide downhill headed nowhere.Liberals are destroying Colorado

Taking away your guns is the first step.  Then, once they know you cannot defend yourself from tyranny, they will begin taking away everything else.

this is how the progressives plan to destroy the 2nd Amendment ... one step at a time.

You boys that drafted all this are as good as gone. Your opponents will definitely seize the opportunity.

Criminals must be so happy!!

Good testimony by Maryland Sheriffs association:  Search youtube for "MARYLAND SHERIFFS TESTIFY AGAINST GUN CONTROL"

Martha is right, once you give up a CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT, later the GOVERNMENT will ask you to give up the right of 'FREEDOM OF SPEECH', the RIGHT TO PEACEFUL ASSEMBLY, the RIGHT TO USE SELF DEFENSE with or without a gun.  It comforts me that if i were to be killed during a home invasion that the GOVERNMENT WILL ARREST, TRY AND SENTENCE THE KILLER(S), NOW THAT THE DEATH PENALTY WILL NO LONGER BE USED. I'd rather go down defending myself and my family that try to out run the criminals. The criminal has no compunction when it comes to "eliminating the witness(s)",  so no-one will point out the person(s) who broke into my home.

According to police right after the shooting the AR ( not an assault rifle) a shotgun and a 40 glock were in his CAR, another glock  was found inside the movie theater. So which is it. Probably going to be the one where the AR was used inside to benefit their gun grab

You are responsible for who you vote for when they are the ones in power.

"...a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes."  While this may sound OK at first look, one must remember that accused is not convicted and many; especially in domestic abuse cases, are not guilty.  A great many abused spouses etc. should file accusations and don't; however, more than a few file them falsely in order to punish their domestic partner for some other perceived transgression.  What about better identifying and controlling access to firearms for known mentally unstable, potentially violent psychopaths like the ones that perpetrated all of the recent mass killings.They all need to be terminated from their positions in the ballot box next election.

Has everyone yet realized that the gun-control crowd don't have a single logical argument.  Any point-of-view that they have is full of holes, and easy to point out.  Any politician, who supports disarming responsible Americans, is just a hack, who will say anything for a vote.

Movie shooting would have been worse if the guy had used a katana.  No shooting, but also no survivors. Outlawing arbitrary stuff in the name of public safety is ludicrous.

Yahoo is missing now, perhaps on purpose this headline:URGENT: Senate Democrats DropAssault Weapons Ban From Gun BillAPSenate Majority Leader Harry Reid says an assault weapons ban will not be part of a comprehensive gun control bill, though the ban's sponsor, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, could still offer it as an amendment.

its time to get out and protest make OWS look like a picnic if the politicians dont hear us then we protest at there homes of each and every politician that even whispers a word of gun control or registration. the 2nd amendment is to provide Americans with a way to stand up to the government if need be. the same government that now want to take that right away.if we dont stop this now they will come for your guns

"I still worry at night, the threat of terrorists in the U.S. now rivals that of plots hatched overseas ." Eric Holder, the U.S. attorney general, told ABC's Pierre Thomas in an exclusive interview on February 27.TELL ME AGAIN WHY I DON'T NEED AN ASSAULT RIFLE

I now see liberals are dangerous to FREEDOM, LIBERTY and the pursuit of happiness!

Time to teach the Democrat Party a lesson in the People Protecting the Constitution. Time to vote the Democrats out of power. Here in Texas, Democrats have been running a campaign called "Color Texas Blue!" (or something of that line) Well, I propose a new freedom loving campaign called "COLOR TEXAS FREE! KEEP TEXAS RED!!!" LOL. Its sad how the inner city Democrats and liberal state transplants who make one law and regulation after another are trying to impose their beliefs on the rest of our state. They are like little sick controlling dictators who pretend to love the poor for votes yet hate it that they cant completely control the bodies and minds of everyone else who still believe in protecting the Constitution. We have had many move here to flee the rotting states controlled by Democrats, but some are Democrats themselves. They I dont trust, since many are so hardcore, they might move here to solely influence our voting, and will ruin Texas by turning it 'blue'. We cannot let that happen. We are on to you.

the last time i checked, democrats, republicans, independents, tea baggers, and nudist bhuddists, all enjoy their second amendment rights, and shooting sports are, contrary to what the government/media complex wants us to think,  more popular than ever.  so how do these anti gun politicians expect to get re elected?  hell, even my gay friends go to the gun range.  how does this balloon head governor expect to get re elected?  he must be getting a payoff from the 'disarm america' rats (you know, feinstein and obama, and all that trash) big enough to retire.

Limit guns in the hands of civilians, mean while DHS is purchasing 14k assault weapons, 1.6 billion rounds of ammo.  How do you feel that your government is using your tax money to buy weapons it can use against  you........It's not "gun restrictions", its the display of sheer stupidity demonstrated by rabid anti-gun Democrats that people should remember at the polls. Nothing that these idiots have pushed through will deter violent acts of criminals, drugged out morons, or the insane.

So now you can smoke your dope,then marry your boyfriend..boy when Dem Dems are in control !!

The folks who voted for this should be recognized or more appropriately exposed.  They peed on you and our constitution - time to pee back.  If they can't be impeached vote them out.  In the mean time don't let anyone forget their role in this shameful act. Send them back to California.

Do not be fooled by all these wolves in sheeps clothing always tout that its for you good, its just a small change, you are being unreasonable.  Their incrementalism is what put most of the tyrants in modern history in power to rule over people and strip them of the certain unalienable rights endowed by their creator, that of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  Do not compromise any more, the line in the sand must be drawn here or be washed away forever.

Lane was taken into custody shortly after the attack and confessed to firing 10 rounds from a .22-caliber pistol at the students in the cafeteria.Assault weapon PISTOLS???Sheer IGNORANCE of ALL politicians!

Taking the people that work for you or Magpul in this case may take some democrats that caused this to start with . That is why obama loves to see these democrats move to look for work . They are moving to places that vote republican !

Come the next elections there will be fewer Democrat faces in our goverments

89% of NRA Members Oppose Ban on Semi Autos; 92% Oppose Universal Background ChecksAccording to the Daily Caller, the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action conducted a national scientific poll of its members and found near unanimity among NRA members on a wide range of issues involving mental health reform and firearm rights.Gun control advocates including New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, as well as various media outlets, have released data claiming to represent the views of NRA members, despite the fact that none of those surveys had access to the NRA’s membership list. The NRA survey of 1,000 randomly-selected NRA members across the country is the only legitimate survey of NRA members in existence.According to the survey,91% of NRA members support laws keeping firearms away from the mentally ill.92% of NRA members oppose gun confiscation via mandatory buy-back laws.89% oppose banning semi-automatic firearms, often mistakenly called “assault rifles”.93% oppose a law requiring gun owners to register with the federal government.92% oppose a new federal law banning the sale of firearms between private citizens.What I find most interesting is that 92% of members oppose a new federal law banning the sale of firearms between private citizens. This is essentially universal background checks. We keep hearing that everyone and their dog supports universal background checks, but I haven’t met one person who supports this once they find out what it means.

he wont get my vote

The Constitution exists whether or not Democrats support it or even understand it.You cannot pass laws nullifying the Bill of Rights.It is illegal.My hat is off to Magpul.  I wish the best for this HERO Company who has the b**** to stand up to these idiots in power.  But I can't wait for the 2014 ELECTION to see if the Citizens care that their 2nd Amendment has be infringed upon.  These socialists don't think we will remember their names in the 2014 ELECTION.

You made our bed now sleepo in it,If you want to live the american way of life do not vote for democrats,I guess If you blind sheep that follow Obama you don't see the truth but you will when you wake up in a destroyed america.

It`s easier to find a rock that can swim,---------than a liberal with common sense!

The Aurora shooter changed magazines before they were empty according to official police statements. So he had 30 rnd mags but even at 15 would he have killed less people?With the ability to download and print 30 rnd mags on a 3D printer how is this law going to change anything?Or is this just another piece of knee jerk, feel good legislation that won't do anything meaningful?

If they lose their jobs, then it will be because they voted against the people that elected them.As for Magpul, good for them. No need to pump more money into a state that makes you product illegal.

VOTE hicky out of office!!  Take your STATE BACK!!!!   until then BOYCOTT COLORADO!!

The Governor and the Democratic are destroying Colo.

I will be voting NRA for the next couple of election cycles, not Tea Party, not Republican, not Libretarian, not Democrat: NRA. Whatever candidate is endorsed by the NRA in 2014 and 2016 will have my vote and I WILL be showing up at the poll come hail or high water.

Id like to direct this post to those in support of these new laws - Just how exactly will Colorado go about confiscating high-capacity magazines from its citizens? Does this mean already cash-strapped Colorado will now have to form a state level 'High Capacity Magazine Task Force'? And start collecting those high-capacity magazines...how? Are you going to start sending groups of state law enforcement agents to the doors of everyone that lives in Colorado with search warrants?Did ANY of you even think about this process before you voted for this clown???

Im sure this Governor won't be voted back into office.. He just lost his JOB.."I support the 2nd Amendment, but . . . . " Typical Democrat.What part of "infringed" don't the Dems understand? VOTE THEM OUT just like we did after the 1994 AWB.

Punish the law abiding citizens for the crimes of the evil. This is what happens when you put people in office who make laws based on feelings instead of logic.

Somewhere, a Georgia peanut farmer is smiling...

Why is it that the democrats keep wanting to impose laws that infringe on the rights of the law abiding citizens and at the same time they try to excuse the law breakers by blaiming society for their actions?

I liked this guy when he was mayor of Denver &amp; voted for him for governor &amp; I am a conservative.   NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!

Online gun sales all go though an FFL and there is a background check done.  How is it that it is constantly sited as an exemption?  Can't journalists even get the basic facts right?

The shooter in Aurora had seven movie theatres which were playing the batman movie  that were within driving distance of his house to choose from.  He didn't choose the one that was closest, he chose the one that prohibited guns!!   I found that very damning evidence for gun control.

"Gun control bills still pending in the state Legislature include a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes and a measure to eliminate online-only safety training for people seeking concealed-weapons permits."What happened to innocent until proven guilty?With the domestic violence laws stacked in the favor of women these days a man can be taken to jail for a woman just saying "he pushed me." Justice is supposed to be equally meted out by the justice system. I suppose that some are more equal than others these days.

I wonder if Colorado has a provision for a governor recall vote?

Hickenlooper = Loopy HickIsn't that the way it's supposed to work. When politicians are doing what they want and not doing what they are supposed to (representing the people) they should be voted out. It's not about their lilly white morels, it is about the will of the people. Don't they get it?

gun regulations have always been a political poison pill.  the weapons ban that was shoved through in the 90's not only had a negligible effect on the crime it was designed to stop, but ousted many of the politicians that voted for it.  history, which should be our greatest teacher, is clearly being ignored.  we all have to remember in the next election not only the gun laws that the politicians are all over, but all the rights that were provided for us that are being restricted or removed. it's not the collective "safety" that all these regulations are in place for, simply control of the population.

This is what it's coming to."According to the Washington Times, a millionaire business owner in Manhattan faces up to three years in jail after he drew a gun on an intruder who was in his home.The gun was registered to the homeowner’s bodyguard, not him."

I would recomend a recall vote on all state legislators  and bring all new legilsators . You should also try to impeach all of them. This is an assault against American citizens  2nd ammendment rights guaranteed in the Constitution to protect themselves from this type of tirany. Maybe if the citizens along with law enforcement officials ban together and forcefuly remove legislators which is what the 2nd ammendment is all about The federal government would understand the Constitution better.

An honest government need not fear the governed but a dishonest one has every reason to fear an armed citizenry.Millions of gun owners did no criminal violence yesterday and I am one of these. Remeber,Ban-Control-Take Over are the trademarks of the "New"Democrats and the old Communists.

It is obvious to me and a lot of others that if you  want your constitutional rights to be respected you will never elect a Democrat to any post. So you know the problem. Do something about it.

How many of you don't realize that you now can no longer pass on your grandfathers, fathers, inherited rights and guns to your discendants.  If you are dead for any reason, you can NOT perform the background check.  And don't pawn your guns, you have to have a background check to reclaim them.  IDIOTS need to be recalled and tried as traitors.

Laws that forbid the carrying of arms . . . disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes . . . Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man.”― Thomas Jefferson, Complete Jefferson

Anyone who says that small arms are not effective against a powerful military has never been to Iraq, Afghanistan, Vietnam, Mogadishu, etc.

Dam right, its not up to this idiot or anyone else in government to attack our Rights as they ignore the laws in so many other areas and yes our citizens safety!!!!!!Maybe Magpul will help with relocation for emplyees that want to go with the company. I'm sure Florida will welcome all of them. By the way Democrats they are taking your rights also.

If you had any doubts about the Federal Government and the Democrats gun grabbing ways, now you all can see the truth. The Democratic Party is after The Second Amendment of the United States of Americas, constitution. As if criminals really worry about gun laws. All of these laws just infringe on the rights of law abiding citizens nationwide. Brought to us all courtesy of Obama and the Democratic party.

New legacy for Colorado parents will be to teach your children to roll a good joint...

We have a background check for this, Background check for that, tell that to the gang-members maybe they haven't heard yet.

I believe that if you were able to freeze time, you could have stopped time during the Aurora shooting and passed out a survey to those people cowering on the floor of that theater, and the survey would have shown almost 100% support for someone, ANYONE in the theater to have a concealed weapon and near 100% support for that person to USE that weapon to try to take down the shooter in spite of the fact that more bullets would be flying.These idiots who (somehow seriously) talk like a concealed carry person shooting BACK would have created a "wild west shootout that would have made things worse" are out of touch with reality. THAT DECISION should ONLY be made by people who are IN THAT SITUATION. THAT is when it is REAL and there is zero bu--sh--.  Reality is what should matter, but not to liberals. "Feeling good" is the only thing that matters to liberals.

Mr Hickenlooper started a beer company to make money....what kills more, Drunk drivers or assault weapons?

How many feel that todays criminals now have more rights than todays law abiding citizens ?

Braindead Liberals and Democrat's are the real Zombie Invasion ...

Next time gun owner vote.

Time to swing back at them where it hurts.The Ballot box!Time to Drug Test the Governor!

If someone goes out and shoots a bunch of people next week then all you wanna feel good people will demand even more restrictions -- if no one goes out and shoots a bunch of people then you will say these stupid laws helped, but that won't happen ---- someone sooner or later will go out and shoot a bunch of people, why? because you can't outlaw crazy.Now I know you will say " if these laws save just one life"  they are worth it but your wrong.Any country that calls itself free can not do these sort of things,,, why can anyone have a carthat goes 120 m.p.h. or why can you buy cigarettes or alcohol or why is a person allowed to eat junk food. Why are hundreds of thousands of Japanese going to die from radiation poisoning in the next ten years yet we never talk about the fact we've built a nuke plant on a fault line..... When we start outlawing the what ifs -- then we've lost what freedom we have left.Your priorities are all messed up. But even if or children die from poulution, poisons, nukes , cell phone uhf radiation or just plain being really fat at least it won't be because of a 20 round clip.

It's the way the left slowly takes away our rights. Nibble a little here, a little there, a little more later on, finally it's all gone.Saul Alinski would be proud.

Making guns illegal isnt going to save any live's , it will only make many of us victim's of the criminals and mental freaks that the Liberals love so much to protect .

You can not buy a gun online, you can order a gun online, and that gun must then be shipped to a licensed firearm dealer. You then have to go through the same background, fingerprinting, licensing etc., 2 week waiting period if it is a handgun. Damn liberal democrats always distorting the truth,

Nevermind the FACT that representative Fields who penned the magazine bill was CONVICTED in the past of theft and shoplifting!

Story reads republican and gun rights supporters ....the story writer denies democrats own guns as well.  Hey look democrats yiyr losing your rights too ..

As a democrat and hunter these laws will make me a registered independent,they went too far!

Contact your Governor and reps and let them know that if the plain to or did vote in favor of any gun ban that you will sue them for the infringment of your human rights!This will take lots of time and money for them to defend!they can not be in every court room at the same time if lots of us do it so they will loose by default and will have to back da flock up!

HICKENLOOPER JUST ENDED HIS TERM IN 2014 !Gov. John Hickenlooper can just flip flop his way to Camp Couch in Fort Living Room Colorado. He's not needed anywhere else. I'm sure Dianne Feinstein has plenty of space for you in California.

So in Calorado, illegals get tuition discounts, and citizens get their gun rights violated. I wonder where the illegals will now start to commit crimes?

if you can drive a car colo. new gun laws mean nothing

Anyone remember the "I'm the NRA and I vote" ads of a few years ago? I think it's time to bring them back to remind the politicians who they work for.

The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.-Thomas Jefferson

our govt, is taking the rights from legal citizens, now is the time to put a stop to this, vote them all out, before we have to rise and protect ourselfs

Magpul is invited to Oklahoma...We LOVE the constitution in Oklahoma.

I would be moving if I lived in that Sorry State

Molon Labe!

Thank God for liberals. If it weren't for their moral superiority and infinite judgement I don't know how I'd make it through this world. Imagine what would happen if I actually had the right to decide what I buy, own and eat. Imagine if I chose my own doctor, my own car and my own school for my kids... I'd be lost without their preemptive decision making about my life. Thank you for making my life so much simpler! Choice, and it's inherent risk is a burden no comrade should want to have.The same president that sent assault rifles to drug cartels, and M1 Abram Tanks and Fighter Jets to the muslim brotherhood (all on our tax dollars), doesn't think that American CITIZENS should be legally allowed to have 11 rounds in their handgun! What does that tell you?!!!

"And that the said Constitution be never construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the Press, or the rights of Conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States, who are peaceable citizens, from keeping their own arms; …"Samuel Adamsquoted in the Philadelphia Independent Gazetteer, August 20, 1789, "Propositions submitted to the Convention of this State"

Liberals are SOOO out of touch with reality!!  It's sick..  They are willing to give away our freedoms for the "ILLUSION" of safety... I will keep my high cap mags and scary rifles!!!!

The people of Colorado can have the last say. VOTE next time!

19,592,303 GUNS PURCHASED IN 2012 and they all votedDemocrats better lose this gun baggage if they want to keep momentum

Time to fight back and fight back as we never have done before ! No elected official has the right to say what we can and can not have in this country !! He would not like it if we told them what they can and can not have. Look what is happening in ILL , they are killing the citizens there like they are at a shooting gallery. Stop the criminals and not the law-abiding citizens who need to protect themselves !! God Bless America and the 2nd Amendment !!

This governor is gone and anyone supporting these poorly thought out bills.  There will be more people voted out over this than any issue in the State of Colorado ever.  I read that both Oklahoma and Texas are offering big inenctives to Magpul to move there.  They manuacfture lots of plastic products inclyding ammunition magazines.  Duh?

If a politician commits or appears to commit to something then you know they are lying.

he has clearly violated his oath of office, heck just impeach this loser.

Colorado, these are california transplants, they are like locus, treat them as such, get some bug spray and stomp their collective parasitic #$%$ into the ground!!Hick's gonna find out that if you try to hurt us in Colorado, we'll hurt you back, so long Hick in 2014.

So I was accused of domestic violence in 2004 after a fight with my ex which was proven in court she started. The charges were dropped and she was never "accused" of anything. Now we have been divorced 8 years. I have 0 arrests or accusations against me since. Now she will be able to own a gun and I wont ? What does that say about America? If you were arrested you are guilty regardless of the evidence. Honestly there is no "Constitution". What about my "certain unalienable rights."?

They all want to "write a law." They have no intention of funding the enforcement of the law, but they can say "we wrote a law..." If they enforced mental health laws vigrously, and the existing laws which have little or no enforcement funding, they probably would achieve much greater effect, but writing a law generates headlines, and enforcement costs money...

This is a classic example of liberals moving from Calif. to Co. because they've ruined the economy in Calif. Now they are taking over Co. and working feverishly to change the laws in Co. Amid all the new gun control laws they want to pass, democrat politicians in Co. are refusing to pass "Jessica's law" which would protect Co. children. Hypocrites!

Send them home Packing...

The Feinstein Gun Control Bill has been Pulled !!!!Ms. Fenstein has given up Again !!This looks really Bad for the Colorado Governor and all the others pushing for Gun Control in order to impress Washington DC !!!!!!!!

well People, the liberials are on a rampage from coast to coast, Is this really what Americans voted for?

check Yahoo page for Fla college student plots attack......kills self after cops arrive faster than expected...no one else injured....fantasy bubble burst at site of cops.....no black rifle was to be used..he did have explosives

Let the anti-gun polititions feel your vote in 14 &amp; 16

No, surely second amendment advocates cannot find common ground in giving up the rights granted by the constitution. You either change the constitution or you maintain the rights. changing the Constitution is acceptable, ignoring it is not.problem for actual Coloradoans is that the greater Denver-Boulder Bolshevik bunch aren't, and they call all the shots....

Inch by inch, step by step our rights are taken away. Who is it we are protecting, the criminal goof balls or tax paying, law abiding citizens? Try to buy a 22 shell right now... Inch by inch, step by step...

Once again, one of these gun haters uses the shameless and illogical idea that "even 2nd ammendment supporters can agree that we should keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people", to somehow justify BANNING certain items from being owned by anyone. Every gun article I read lately has some pencil-pushing democrat telling us that banning a plastic box with a spring helps keep GUNS out of the hands of bad guys. This whole thing is a fleece job. Of course pro-gun folks don't want dangerous people using guns for evil. Tell me how that has to do with taking away MY rights and MY equipment? They're not even trying to polish their BS and make it seem rational anymore. Incredible.

Just another politician in King Bloombergs pocket. Don't ya hate it when Colorado policy is dictated from NYC. What next 32oz sugar drink ban

Wow! as an out of state observer of these goings on up there in Colorado, Its plain to see the people dont want these regs. How are these politicians pulling this off? Hope you folks clean house next election!

May Hickenlooper get voted out and end up on his presidents food stamp program.    The progressive agenda is destroying this country.

As a Colorado native, I'm going to spend the rest of my life making sure this dirt bag, Hickenlooper, doesn't get elected to any office higher than dog catcher.

I agree...........its time for a change...and it can start in Nov.

This is the same Dem State legislature that is against stricter sentences for child rapists. Look up Jessica's Law in Colorado.

Gunslinger attitude???.....How about the second ammendment to the Constitution!Get rid of the a**hole.

Which is it Gov.?"Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people"or"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). "is it to keep guns out of the hands or criminals or to take way from the law abiding citizens that do not commit the crimes? 10rd or 30rd would not have mattered in Aurora or Sandy Hook....

I was planning a vacation through Colorado. Planned to stop in several cities. Now, I'll just take a detour to another state.

Is this one of those hope and change things??

How about we get rid of the politicians instead!

Gov. Hickenlooney, good luck with any national political aspirations you might have had, as you have been labeled a 'moderate' Democrat, which in the real world is of no use to either party, plus you plan to sign gun control legislation in a pro-gun state. Have a good life, fool!

So these clowns are passing anti-guns laws based on the presence of a high capacity magazine in the Aurora shooting??? They must have forgotten that the shooter's AR-15 jammed do to a cheap high capacity magazine and he ended up using a shotgun.  The shotgun doesn't fit with their agenda so lets focus on the scary looking rifle...

Challenge this politician.  Make him explain to You why he does not go after the Real Problem!

Well I had planned on taking my family to Colorado For a ski trip, not now!!  I will spend my money in another state.

Say goodbye in 2014. Hope you enjoyed it while it lasted.The Col shooter was mentally ill. How come our govt doesn't do more to protect people from mentally ill people? Once again, govt is trying to be politically correct, instead of fixing the real problem. Too many mentally ill people walking the streets, ready to go off at anytime.

the second ammendment has the statement "shall not be infringed", does any of the other rights assured in the constitution have such a strong statement of assurance that the government cannot mess with it?  I can understand plain english, the Framers did not write the constitution with a bunch of lawyer gab and therefore it is easy to understand and needs no interpretation.  If our elected officials run over us and our rights where does that leave us civilian citizens?  Where does that leave the military members who are sworn to protect not the government nor our leaders, but the constitution?

"When you look at what happend at Aurora" --- to use the Governor's words ---- you discover that of the six movie theaters which were showing "The Dark Knight", only one was marked/designated as a "Gun Free Zone"; and even though the shooter, James Holmes, lived closer to some of the other theaters, he picked the one that was --- yes, you guessed it --- the gun free zone.  Now, Governor, your knowing this would surely lead you to have supported the laws the Republican lawmakers introduced; instead you supported those the Democrats introduced.  Why is that?  What is your real agenda?

The bleeding heart, bed wetting, liberals do not get it.In Mexico, the government prohibits gun owner-ship, to the people, no guns, no ammunition, nothing; what is the result?

This is what happens when Denver makes decisions that impact the rest of Colorado. Once you step outside Denver or Boulder the entire political landscape changes.

another empty handed, feel good law, achieved by using smoke and mirrors...someone will eventually challenge it and it will be struck down. in the end, it will have been a waste of taxpayers tome and money.

Nice knowing you buddy. Soon you will be but a footnote in the annals of Colorado's political history.

Colorado, choosing potheads over law abiding gun owners. You reap what you sow.

take an inch want a mile

For all you Anti-Gun Nuts out there who don't like Guns, here are 3 things you can do! 1) Don't buy one, 2) Don't touch one, and 3) Don't come looking for some one with a gun to help you when you are in TroubleWilliam F. "Buffalo Bill" Cody was never a gunslinger!  He was just a guy with a big rifle.  He was a buffalo hunter who routinely shot dozens, if not hundreds of bison, both for money, and to deny the natives their most important resource.   He became a showman where he showed what he WISHED he had done, but never did.  When I trip across a lie, or mistake in the opening sentence, I quickly lose interest ...

" Anyone who wants Life, Liberty, or Freedom must have a Gun to Protect it, Defend it, Restore it, Achieve it, or Preserve it."... " Use it or Lose it."

Well Colorado citizens. You now see that your elected progressives are doing what they do best. They eliminate your rights to suit their leftist agenda. You have a simple solution. Just vote the lot of them out of office and replace them with those who wish to guard what your forefathers gave of themselves to provide. On this particular issue, keep in mind the second amendment guarantees the others and these progressives aim to gain absolute power on a permanent basis.

Life member in the N.R.A. here in Mich. for over 45 years! Myself and 8 others have agreed we will be cancelling our annual hunting trip to Colorado this year!

#$%$ Hickenpooper

Every law-abiding gun owner must take a stand and boycott Colorado until these laws are repealed.  If we all boycott Colorado, it will send the message that 'shall not be infringed' is taken seriously by us good guys and will also make other states think before they pass legislation that only impacts those of us who obey the law in the first place.  Hang together or hang separately.

I would love to hear that the people of Colorado physically took this pos &amp; all involved &amp; tossed them off a cliff,then let the buzzards clean up the mess &amp; the bottom.They don't even deserve a grave marker.Could you imagine being related to these hunks of SHI....!

Where is the new law that states mental health professionals have a responsibility to involuntarily commit patients that tell them flat out that they are dreaming about killing a lot of people? Seems to me that if you truly wanted to prevent mass shootings you would introduce control over the mentally ill and not bother with gun control....seeing how everyone of these shooters were out right basket cases, known to the people around them to be unstable.

Jon Chickencooper

The Deomcraps in Colorado are HISTORY.. Next election we will show those yellow bellied cowards the door and the only job they will get in the state will be unemployment for life!Thats right and we know the names of all the dem rats trying this, why didnt they just stay in stinking California?

Ok, Hickenlooper, you can only have two missiles in Norad, it's now limited what North Korea's going to bomb us with.

Why is it both parties do this.  They get in power and then pass laws that support their ideals only to get punished by voters.  2008 was national punishment for the GOP.  2010 was punishment for the Dems.  2012 was punishment for the GOP trying to elect nut cases.  2014 is setting up to be another huge punishment for the Dems over their nut ball gun control ideas.

They'll feel the wrath in their pocketbooks.

Per John Lott, author of "More Guns, Less Crime" and a Columbia proffessor at the same time Obama was one there. "The first time I met Mr Obama, he said 'so you're the gun guy?' I offered to discuss our differing views over lunch. Obama said 'No citizen should own guns.' and walked away."

Bad boy! Bad Boy! Vote out Any and ALL who would tear down the Constitutional Rights of the People... It is the Jury's Right to Over throw any bad Law ... use that right...

I don't understand the push to incapacitate and disarm middle America and leave the crazies and criminals alone to further a cheap political career. By cheap I mean threy get Rich and the people they are supposed to support are left with nothing.

Good luck at election time Governor and the writers/backers of this legislation. Can you go back to your old jobs or do your wives work? Better hope so.

There will be a new Governor come next election.And sounds like a new business in Texas soon as well.

I can't believe you're that STOOPID!Colorado looked at its best from my rear view mirror as I was heading home to TEXAS.

Vote for liberal Democrats,this is the type governing that can be expected. They are for minotities only. Is there anything in their laws that make deportation a must if Illegal Aliens are caught with weapons?

Gun Control in America:It's like merging the ideology of the world's most infamous dictators with the thinking behind the cause of the Civil War.  What could possibly go wrong?!  Liberalism is a mental disease.

The next election in Colorado I suspect will be an impressive one!

Looking back I'm sure glad Al Gore didn't make it

We bash politicians for their choices, then we read a headline that reads "..bring political peril" There is a price to pay careerwise for choices. They cannot win unless they go on the side of those who scream the loudest.

Obama's face should be on all food stamps and EBT cards.

"To anger a conservative, lie to him. To anger a liberal, tell him the truth."

Liberalism is a mental disorder.

Yeah, that's right.  Write an article about how politicians might not get re-elected.  THAT'S the danger of gun control.  Not a helpless neo-serf citizenry under the thumb of a tyrannical government that doesn't remotely resemble the United States anymore.Is FrankenFeinstein still armed? Yank her licence and take away her armed thugs who surround her!

Won't pass Jessica law but want to restrict guns! Must be Dems in control !

All this id|ot did was ensure that he will be on the unemployment line in the next election.

this is what happens when you elect democrats.

Have we truly become the UNITED STATES OF THE OFFENDED? where did common sense and tolerence go? I'm as guilty as anyone I just get tired of hearing why I should think and act the way some Pol or bureacrat wants. My Parents raised me with values and amoral code. The Marine Corps enforced both, now some half-#*&amp; snot nosed punk is going to tell to think they way they want me to or else they will make my thinking illegal. WRONG AGAIN Snot nosed will be bloody nosed and can then have a reason to be offended

death to the democratic party the enemy of the tree of liberty .

These folks in CO where "Firearms play an outsized role in the hearts of Coloradans" voted to put these socialist liberal nanny state Democrats into power.  Elections have consequences; and now they're reaping the rewards of basing thier votes on the promise of "free chet".

so ... 15 round magazines. how does this stop someone with 4-5 pistols with 2-3 magazines each in a book bag from shooting up a school, mall or theater?

"Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are ruined.... The great object is that every man be armed. Everyone who is able might have a gun."- Patrick Henry

"The ruling class doesn't care about public safety. Having made it very difficult for States and localities to police themselves, having left ordinary citizens with no choice but to protect themselves as best they can, they now try to take our guns away. In fact they blame us and our guns for crime. This is so wrong that it cannot be an honest mistake."Malcolm Wallopformer U.S. SenTake a good look at that face, a long hard good look..that is what a tyrant looks like

The right of the people to keep and bear arms, is not a guideline, its an absolute restriction of government power. Its not a suggestion, these are absolute uncompromising rights.

I lived in Colorado for 15 yrs., it was a great place until Ken Salazar came out of the wood work, after that things went down hill until I couldn't take it anymore and moved out of state in 09...

...yet they won't have a vote on Jessica's Law.

Hopefully they boot you democrat pieces of #$%$ to the curb come election time.  It's amazing that in order to keep your gun rights you have have to fight the same people who think it is okay to take the lives of 3500 unborn every day.

It's nice to see Democrats losing thier seats in office because they back stupid gun control laws.

enjoy the remainder of your last term in office.  You're outa there.

Agenda Perpatrated by lies and Fake media Reporting. Never do they report on whats really happening.

The voters will have the last say. Vote the guilty out of office and then repeal the law.

Democrats are the whole range STD's  upon the body politic of America.Gun control advocates come to the table with nothing to loose. We in turn are loosing our rights a little at a time. Time to stop negotiating with people who are not giving up a damn thing.

The background check fee is a tax much like a poll tax and is unconstitutional - it infringes on your right to own a gun just like a voting tax infringes on your right to vote.  The power to tax is the power to destroy.

use freedoms power, anyone who voted for it, VOTE THEM OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

They will be all voted out, I think Americans are sick of the Democratic Dictatorship that's taking place in America!

What in the heck happened to Colorado over the last 20yrs. I always like to travel in Colorado but now I don't think so. Such a beautiful state with all those liberials now. A real shame.

Rape happens....ban the male sex organ...Guns kill, like wieners rape.

Lets turn the discussion of the 2nd amendment - a well regulated melitia being necessary to the security of a free state - The committee continues to point out that the forefathers did not intend for citizens to have so many and so large weapons, I contend that neither did the forefathers forsee that the government would invent so many ways to kill people; bombs, poison gas, tasers, lasers, sound weapons, planes, tanks, private contractors to replace our army, detention camps all over our country, all kinds of hidey holes for themselves when the proverbial #$%$ hits the fans.  And lets not also forget all the acts and amendments the government has made to declare the people of the US to be the enemy of the CORP US, thats right they made us their enemy in 1933.  Lets get it all out in the open as to why these people turn against the electorate once they take "their" oath of office and enter the DC zone of no return.

I refuse to spend anymore of my vacation $$$ in any state that destroys the 2nd Amendment. Colorado, you are off my list for this years 10 day hunting excursion. That means you have lost my money, and the money my five fellow hunting friends would have spent.

Someone please explain to me how creating more helpless targets for an insane murderer is going to stop him.

I'd like to see how these Democrat politicians would feel if they were protected with a "nice liberal attitude" instead of a security team with guns.Open Season on liberal gun grabbers. NO bag limit!

If we dont flip to a more conservative stance in colorado next year, im out of here....

Only solution is to vote ALL democrats out in 2014. Whether they say they support this or not! They support Obozo and that is enough!

BAN THE CRIMINALS,,,

Gun control bills still pending in the state Legislature include a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes and a measure to eliminate online-only safety training for people seeking concealed-weapons permits.  Only accused of domestic violence? Not convicted?  What happened to "innocent until proven guilty"?

Why are Democrats constantly at war with the Constitution? It ought to tell you something about their "patriotism".

bye bye democrat's

The people in Colorado should rise up and fire any politician that even attempts to step on the Second Amendment, or any other for that matter.

WOW!!....I guess political suicide is not so painless...is it?

“The Constitution is not an instrument for the government to restrain the people, it is an instrument for the people to restrain the government - lest it come to dominate our lives and interests.” Patrick Henry“[We] should not blame a gun itself for any crime or any acts of violence, any more than we can blame a pen for misspelling a word.” - Senator Wallace F. Bennett (R-UT), Congressional Record, 5/16/68

These gun grabbing idiots must be voted out of office when their next election comes up. NO MORE GUN CONTROL!!!!!!!

Hickenlooper lies, the majority of damage was done with a shotgun after the AR jammed!

Like it has been said before:"There are no such thing as a dumb democrat, only dumb voters who vote dumb democrat!"

Colorado Democrats:  Pro-gay; pro-recreational pot smoking; anti-US Constitution.Decided to cut my Colorado vacation, lots of other nice Rocky Mountain areas in other states which I haven't explored.

Look at the florida college school would be gun man, the moment he knew the cops were on their way, he killed himself before he did anything. In Clackamus just outside Portland Oregon, the shooter in the mall, killed himself when he was an armed citizen aiming a pistol at him, in both cases these cowards stopped attacking once guns were on them or about to be. If that does not prove guns in the hands of responsable citizens stops the killing, I don`t know what does.

If the people of Colorado don't like the gun restrictions maybe they should stop voting in democrats. Democrats are just out to take away the people's rights.

Colorado,  In case your wondering where your freedom went.  It' hanging on the governors wall in Denver. What a trophy!

If Colorado is such a frontier state how did all these liberals get into their states offices.  If you don't vote you have no say in your government.

This P O S governor in Colorado is done for ,so are the rest of the Liberals in 2013 !"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'"  THIS IS A LIE - the big magazine on the AR jammed like they are prone to doing.  Most of the damage was done by shotgun &amp; handguns.

Do they have a recall vote (remove the govenor) in Colorado like in California?

I vote and my house hold votes with me, We will vote against all and any politician that even tries to step on our second amendment!

Ban liberals

The Second Amendment is not about hunting as Diane F seems to imply. The 2nd Amendment is about maintaining a American Militia that needs weapons strong enough to repel an invasion (like the Japanese plotted after Pearl Harbor and dismissed because Americans were well armed at that time) . A well regulated militia means a militia that is well prepared to fight for a just cause. Heaven forbid that Obama gets us to point of civil war to resist his agenda but just the freedom to be able to resist his communist agenda is comforting to patriots and any attempt to infringe on the 2nd Amendment will be taken very seriously.

" Firearms play an outsized role in the hearts of Coloradans. It's a frontier state that adopted Buffalo Bill and Doc Holliday as native sons and where treasured guns are routinely passed from generation to generation."Wow; talk about stereotyping propaganda.

So it is well known Bloomberg lead this fight.  Not only does he want to control the size of pop in NYC but thinks that all the citizens need some to tell them what is good for them.  Hope Colo Citizens see through this and send the Dems packing

The only thing that will stop a foreign or domestic agressor is a well armed citzenry.

I always hated it when someone wrote, "What so and so doesn't want you to know..."  Which makes me cringe when I realize that I am getting ready to say that.  What our government does not want you to know is that the 2nd amendment does not grant any rights.  It can't, because the People of our nation wrote it, and required that it be amended into the Constitution.  Why we wrote the 2nd and forced the government to add it, was to restrict them from making this very kind of law.That restriction that we wrote, and the government agreed to, still bans the government from making this kind of law.  To write this kind of law violates the limits set by the Constitution, and violates the rights we withheld from the government.We withheld the right to bear arms, the right to regulate arms, the right to define what arms are, and the right to carry them in whatever form we pleased.  We retained that right, and went so far as to bar the government from even getting involved.  That is why WE used the term infringed - and only we can define the term, because we wrote it.  Infringed is to in any way hinder, limits, restrict, bar, ban, confute (bar by discussion), check, or otherwise stop someone from carrying, owning, holding, or walking into a court house or police station with a gun.I love how the last line of reason that the government likes to use is, "Guns should not be in the hands of felons."  While I agree that guns should not be in the hands of violent felons, you can get a felony for driving fifteen miles over the speed limit in some states - and with a government that is determined to spit on your rights, that is only one tool they have to infringe them.  We should have NO RESTRICTIONS AT ALL on weapons - unless we, as a people, agree to it.  The government has no power at all to do it for us.It's time to band together and start fighting back.

I think come the next elections justice will be swift!Didn't the AR 15 high cap magazine jamb and the shooter went with another firearm?  Of course the news media twists things just like Sandy Hook where the media keeps saying the shooter used an AR type rifle when in fact it was in the trunk of the shooters car.  By the way why isn't there a data base for background checks for people that are mentally unstable and those on psychotropic drugs, you know the drugs that twist an already unstable mind?

As Rahm Emanuel has stated 'Don't let a good crisis go to waste'  Exploit the gun issue and take their guns....

Surely, Second Amendment advocates and gun control supporters can find common ground in support of this proposition: Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.Please explain exactly how the size of the magazine will keep the firearm out the hands of dangerous people???

The National Rifle Association of America  praised the U.S. Supreme Court's historic decision in another landmark Second Amendment case. In a 5-4 decision, the Court ruled that the Second Amendment applies not just to Washington, D.C. and other federal enclaves, but protects the rights of all Americans throughout the country. The opinion in McDonald v. City of Chicago brings an end to the nearly 30 year-long handgun ban that the city has imposed on its law-abiding citizens

what does this solve nothing, all you need to do is take 2 15 round magazines tape them together....it might take you progressive too long to figure this out so don't even bother....

GUN CONTROL IS NOT ABOUT GUNS, IT IS ABOUT CONTROL“A system of licensing and registration is the perfect device to deny gun ownership to the bourgeoisie.” Vladimir Lenin

"I still worry at night, the threat of terrorists in the U.S. now rivals that of plots hatched overseas ." Eric Holder, the U.S. attorney general, told ABC's Pierre Thomas in an exclusive interview on February 27.TELL ME AGAIN WHY I DON'T NEED AN ASSAULT RIFLE

The following letter should be sent to all politicians who voted this in following the next electionDear politician who was elected to represent his constituents.  I am sorry to hear that you are unemployed following the recent election in which you did get re-elected because you failed to represent the people who elected you in the first place.  Signed a Responsible LEGAL owner of a gun.

"a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimesa ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes"Accused.. Not Found Guilty but simply ACCUSED!!!!

Someone needs to upload the Anarchists Cookbook.Does anyone really think this will stop people that want to kill ?

Background checks, no problem.  10 round clips big problem.  Many very mainstream pistols have clips of 13 or more.

The right of the people to keep and bear arms is there to keep government in check.  Its not for hunting, its not for target shooting, its there to shoot tyrants when they come after the guns.  That is the only reason for a 2nd amendment

L I B E R A L .. means ... Lacking In Basic Expected Reasoning Abilities &amp; LogicL I B E R A L... means ... Lacking Intelligence By Endlessly Rejecting All LogicEither way, they are JUST STUPID!!!....... ROFLMFAO AT THEM!!!

If there is an anti-tyranny and self defense purpose to the 2nd amendment (and the Supreme Court and several other federal courts have clearly said that there is), then legislation reducing the capability and performance characteristics of the most common, semi-automatic small arms would eviscerate the amendment of its core purpose.The Second Amendment's very function is to put law abiding citizens on at least equal footing with criminals, and would-be tyrants. Anything less than equal footing for the citizen guts the amendment of that function and renders it null.The Supreme Court has made it abundantly clear that long-standing laws banning firearms ownership for felons, mentally ill, and drug addicts are not in question. Many other regulations will certainly pass constitutional muster.But there is a cavernous difference between regulations (such as requiring training, safe storage, background checks, maintaining proficiency, etc) and banning or neutering an entire class of common, garden variety semi-automatic firearms (now disparagingly called assault weapons).All firearms, self evidently, are lethal weapons. The performance characteristics of all semi-automatic firearms have not changed in 100 years. The idea that a semi-automatic-only, civilian AR15 is some kind of exotic, unusual weapon is completely false. AR15-pattern rifles, by a wide margin, are the most common long arm chosen by Americans, for every conceivable lawful purpose for which a firearm can be used.The 2nd amendment specifically protects keeping and bearing lethal weapons that are in common use. (See US Supreme Court Heller vs DC, 2008, and McDonald vs Chicago 2010, Us vs Miller 1939.)If we dare to repeal the amendment, then there is a constitutional procedure in place to accomplish that. But we simply cannot pretend the amendment doesn't mean what it says without structurally undermining the whole document. If we can turn a blind eye to one fundamental, enumerated, and incorporated civil right, then no other civil right will ever be immune to the whims of the legislature.

It does nothing to curb gun violence.

I live in CO, and just sent my hunting dollars to WY instead. Every little bit helps!

Disarm law-abiding citizens and promote pot. Colo sounds like a magnet program for gangbangers.

The left is trying to pass all these idiot laws now so that hopefully our memory will fade before the 2014 and 2016 elections. I think they will be in for a big surprise and it will be fun to watch all the finger pointing come election time.

Magpul would be very welcome in Texas.Waite to vote them out or get the petitions rolling to have all of them removed from office. The citizens of Colorado have a choice and can get all of this liberal rubbish tossed out of legislation. Take a stand Colorado, this is your state and rights they are trampling on due to outside pressure!

Hillary Caught in Lie Under Oath?02/13/13If these reports are true. Then it would mean that nobody heard from Obama or Hillaryduring the attack. Who is running our national defense?Neither the secretary of defense nor the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff spoketo the secretary of state during the 8-hour attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi,Libya on September 11, 2012. At a Thursday hearing in the Senate, Republican Ted Cruzasked both Leon Panetta and Martin Dempsey, “In between 9:42 p.m., Benghazi time, whenthe first attacks started, and 5:15 am, when Mr. Doherty and Mr. Woods lost theirlives, what converations did either of you have with Secretary Clinton?”“We did not have any conversations with Secretary Clinton,” Panetta responded."And General Dempsey, the same is true for you?" Cruz asked. Dempsey confirmed this.

vote all democrats out in 14

There are an infinite number of "what if's"..Which translates into what would have been the outcome of any past event IF something had been different....My thoughts lean toward, what if the school had better security, even a simple thing like bullet proof glass(whioch looks like normal glass, and is basicly shatter-proof).   What if convicted violent criminals were executed, instead of pampered, Seems to me no one has any forethought,but chooses to blame inanimate objects to compensate for their lack of thinking ahead....

If some kook decides he wants to take out a school or movie theater he's going to find a way to do it, AR-15 or not.  The idea of limiting a magazine's capacity is pure ignorance and a liberal politician's idea of a fix in order to hang on to his constituency's votes.

Hey Magpul, Come to Texas we are recriuting bussineses like yours. I have heard talk of succession in Texas. I would like to show you my new shirt, It says succeed hell, your lucky we don't envade.

NO MORE visits to, through, or purchases IN Colorado for me... I don't feel safe there, anymore. (I know, it's like spitting {choice of words} in the ocean, but it's what I can do...) Rather NOT be in a shooting area where it's difficult to shoot back at the NEXT theater assassin..... Bye-Bye, Magpul....

Colorado politicians that voted for this will be voted out, and Governor Hick will be voted out as well. The real damage though, will be from all the loss of tourism and outdoor sportsmen when they take their money to Wyoming, Utah, Montana etc...places where they don't cower from liberal nannies.

Yahoo sure is quiet when their gun grabbers aren't doing so good !! I'm lovin it !Recall that anti-american unconstitutional POS !!

Vermont State Rep. Fred Maslack has read the Second Amendment to the U.S.Constitution, as well as Vermont 's own Constitution very carefully, andrecently proposed a bill to register "non-gun-owners" and require them topay a $500 fee to the state. Thus Vermont would become the first state torequire a permit for the luxury of going about unarmed and assess a feeof $500 for the privilege of not owning a gun.Maslack read the "militia" phrase of the Second Amendment as not only theright of the individual citizen to bear arms, but as 'a clear mandate todo so'. He believes that universal gun ownership was advocated by theFramers of the Constitution as an antidote to a "monopoly of force" bythe government as well as criminals.Vermont 's constitution states explicitly that "the people have a rightto bear arms for the defense of themselves and the State" and thosepersons who are "conscientiously scrupulous of bearing arms" shall berequired to "pay such equivalent." Clearly, says Maslack, Vermonters havea constitutional obligation to arm themselves, so that they are capableof responding to "any situation that may arise."Under the bill, adults who choose not to own a firearm would be requiredto register their name, address, Social Security Number, and driver'slicense number with the state. "There is a legitimate government interestin knowing who is not prepared to defend the state should they be askedto do so," Maslack says. Vermont already boasts a high rate of gunownership along with the least restrictive laws of any state. It'scurrently the only state that allows a citizen to carry a concealedfirearm without a permit.This combination of plenty of guns and few laws regulating them hasresulted in a crime rate that is the third lowest in the nation.This makes sense! There is no reason why gun owners should have to paytaxes to support police protection for people not wanting to own guns.Let them contribute their fair share and pay their own way. Soundsreasonable to me! Non-gun owners require more police to protect them andthis fee should go towards paying for their defense.The first sentence of this article demonstrates the liberal  bias of the author. If I want to read about opinions of liberals in lieu of news I will just watch msnbc.

"A gun is like a parachute.If you need one, and don't have one,you'll probably never need one again."Participating in a gun buy back because you believe that the criminals have too many guns is like having yourself castrated because you believe that the neighbors have too many kids.

Colorado ! what are you waiting for go to Denver and take back your state from these low life commie liberals from california, ATTACK !

Wow - pretty ironic that the citizens of the state that voted to legalize pot doesn't want their guns tightly regulated. Go figure.

IMPEACH OH MAV VAH &amp; "all the king's men" = ALL DAMNED O CRAPHEADS NOW!

The assault weapons ban is no more! But they're still going after universal background checks.

How come no one ever answers the real question...With 20 million plus AR-15 type rifles already in circulation and the magazines to go with them, what is the purpose of imposing a ban?  You will never be able to get them all out of circulation and I am not going to hand mine over, so someone please tell me what banning them will do?

I live in New Mexico. Bad idea to move here. We just fought off some new gun legislation and I am sure more is on the way. This place is full of California libs that migrated here when the economy went bad and taxes went up in Cali. They are bringing their BS liberal ideas with them. Better off moving to Texas.

Hope they vote all the damocrats out

Oh yeah, this will stop the violence.i am so happy now.  with this gunban in place a person should be able to walk thru the streets of the hood in Denver and all other crime ridden rat hole infested dumps and feel completely safe from harm.  afterall if they start shooting at you, you now only have to outrun and dodge 10 bullets.  chances of not getting hit have improved dramatically.

Let's see...this idiot wants to trample the freedoms of Americans, and he expects a friggin pardae?  What a doooooooooooooooong likker

I grew up in Colorado. I'm glad that I no longer live in California, opps, I mean Colorado.

I thought I would move my family and business back there in 2 years but FORGET IT!

The best thing about our Constitution, it protects us from people that want to take your freedom away a little at a time . Thank god our forefather's seen this #$%$ coming .

That's right, just keep trampling on the rights of the people.  There is about to be a major backlash in this country.  People are sick of being bossed around by a heavy-handed government that only has its own interests in mind.  We are fed up with the ever expanding bureaucracy.  This government is long overdue for a trip to the woodshed and it shall have that trip soon.  As for Magpul Industries and all other manufacturers that are currently located in states where the government is hostile toward law-abiding gun owners, I would like to invite all of you to relocate to Texas.  We would LOVE to have the jobs and the revenue.

Can citizens in Colorado start recall petitions against the people who are supposed to be working for them.

Liberals would be at a loss as to why Obama can not run for a 3rd term.

Colorado is a prime example of what happens when people vote Democrat......

The dumbest part about that whole law is that the way it's written it only applies to magazines manufactured in the state of Colorado.  Guess what, Magpul is leaving so no need to datestamp and serialize any mags here now.  But I guess they feel better because they passed another unenforceable law.Hunters and fishermen should boycott Colorado until this law is repealed.  I for one will spend my money in Wyoming or Idaho.  Colorado is going the way of California.  Too many people there came from California and brought their liberal ways with them.

An AR 15 wasn't even used in the movie theater!!!

My family visits Colorado Springs once a year, But no more well keep our money &amp; stay home. Colorado keep's your people down &amp; we don't want to be part of that.

Ban liberalism.

" No Gun = No Life, No Liberty or Freedom in America."...

mexican drund gangs in colo. are happy with new  gun las  now they will have one more item to sell in colo. illgal  guns / need a gun see  jose standing at street corners in denver

Do you think anyone who is set on a mass shooting will worry about getting in trouble for carrying more rounds in a clip than the law allows? Get real

If you really want to know how well that liberal gun control works, take a look around the country at the places that dems have controlled and inplemented their gun grabs;  chicago, detroit, dc.............

start giving gun free zone badges to  politician's and business's so people will know they are not safe in Colo, label them on their face book pages and twitter feeds, you know social media can do wonders on letting people know where they go and who to vote for...

Keep guns out of the hands of "dangerous' people???Maybe like criminals since the majority of gun "crimes" are committed by criminals? Assault weapons like the AR-15 and crimes that use more than 10 rounds, make up less than 1% of all gun related crime. So these new laws address 1% of gun crime while 99% still happen. How about punishing criminals who commit gun crimes instead of limiting those who will never commit a crime at all?Liberalism is a disease of the heart and mind. It is a dangerous and failed ideology that rewards laziness and incompetence, but punishes hard work and success. It is a severely skewed concept of "fairness" that takes from one and gives to another whether deserving or not. It favors special interest groups over individual liberty. It is the entire opposite of what our founding fathers had in mind. It is a system of entitlements that results in supply causing demand instead of the opposite. It is fiscally reckless and morally misdirected. It says it promotes tolerance and equality, but the result is racism and class warfare. It is a false belief that mankind can evolve for the better and that government can socially engineer a utopia. It is a cancer that spreads if left unchecked.

can we just ban liberals?  the amazing arrogance of every liberal is that they make every decision from their groin, and their limited mental capacity can't fathom anyone who doesn't.

If libs really wanted to put a giant dent in gun crimes, they would lobby to make gun theft, or for that matter, the commission of any crime with a gun punishable by a mandatory 20 year sentence for the 1st offense and death for the 2nd.  STOP TRYING TO PUNISH LAW ABIDING CITIZENS!!!!!!!!

Ironically, "liberal" dems love to 'control' others and 'BE controlled' themselves!

Gun Control all comes down to the simple fact that it is virtually impossible to force a PROPERLY armed citizenry to acquiesce to the demands of an oppressive government!!!

the following is a comment from ..... where else .... CALIFORNIA.............“Very, very few states have an archive of firearm owners like we have,” said Wintemute, who helped set up the program.and how is that reduced crime situation in oakland, LA, stockton, or vallejo been going for you????? idiot anti freedom dumbocraps !!!!

"Surely, Second Amendment advocates and gun control supporters can find common ground in support of this proposition: Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said. BUT, when the laws you want changed DOES indeed infringe on our 2nd ammendment rights, there can be no compromise

How in the H did we ever get along back before politicians, taxes, and welfare?

"Surely, Second Amendment advocates and gun control supporters can find common ground in support of this proposition: Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.Govenor: If you think law-abiding citizens have any interest in finding common ground to help a gutless government in degrading Constitutional Rights, you shouldn't hold office in Colorado or any where else in a free Country.  Democrat tyrants be damned come the next election!

Hickenlooper the governor was probably safe bet for re-election prior to signing the gun laws, now he will likely lose in 2014.If my friend in CO wants some new 30 round mags, I'll send them to him.  You in CO can say what you want and pass any laws you want, but I have no desire to comply.  While all the easily cowed and managed urbanites will think that this will stop crime, it will have the opposite effect.  You in CO have simply created another banned item that will have its own black market.  You will also force law-abiding people to disobey the law.Rather than reduce crime, you have with your idiocy, increased it.

Too bad Alfred Packer didn't eat ALL the damn democrats in Colorado!

I ask two things of the colorado governor and the democrats: First: Do you think that the British would have left the Colonies if the people were not armed? Second: Do you think that Hitler would have been able to continue if he first didn't disarm the population? I guess there is another question: Do you think that the government is up to no good when they purchase 1.6 billion rounds of Hollow Point ammo, 7,000 automatic rifles and 3,000 modified tank carriers?   Just answer those questions without b.s.

I've got to admit that liberals puzzle me.  They portray themselves as enlightened champions of individual liberty (abortion rights, gay marriage, free speech, etc.) but do a complete 180 on gun ownership.  Some of the comments I see here (the childish insults) make me wonder if it all stems from a sense that somehow they are "special" and only they and the proper "authorities" have the intelligence to determine who should be armed.  How else to explain all the Hollywood celebrities and politicians who push for gun control while they keeps themselves armed to the teeth and surrounded by bodyguards.  Elitism, pure and simple!  I don't trust any of them...

Looks like we'll be having fun in 2014

Lets restrict the type of car you drive because somebody may get killed by the big ones

Gun control means hitting the target.  Anything else is infringment.

And Colorado's application for big game permits is due in early April.  Do I hear some boycotting coming up.

You have to be incredibly stupid to believe that criminals will suddenly start following gun laws just because they have been made tougher!

In another story, a judge struck down a state law because it conflicted with federal law. Do you think the feds will sue Colorado?"Let's let the masses smoke dope, that way they won't notice us taking their guns away...yeah, that's the ticket."

Votee them out CO. watch out for Bloomberg he will stick his nose in there at election time. Tell him to go back to New Commie York and kiss Cuomos  A&amp;&amp;

Holding guns responsible for crimes committed with 1 is no different than holding cars responsible for auto accidents!

Too much kool-aid and marijuana being passed out in Colorado!  No wonder they want your guns.

More BS from the left.  They will never learn.

Well Colorado you will have your chance to put up or shut up at the voting booths this year

democrats you have awakened a sleeping giantsay goodbye to your jobs

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'"I'm thinking.....when somebody comes to confiscate them.....COMPLETELY appropriate. I want to have a large mag in such a scenario.

We need background checks on all the (d)irt(b)ag polititians that don't understand the constitution.

Our fore fathers carried a gun 24/7.They could be killed any day for their boots.They had to kill their food or starve.Our fore fathers would have loved 30 round magazines even more than we do.Vote them all out, Colorado, and get your rights restored!  Make their heads roll over this!

When there's more limits placed on the People than there is their government -- freedom ceases to exist...

Hickenlooper has shown he has balls to sign laws that will drive tax money from the state and deprive law abiding citizens their constitutional rights and know that none of these laws will make a difference in preventing crime.  Time to castrate him and those like him and voters will get the chance to do that at the ballot box.

REMEMBER politicians only know TWO things... Re-election and money!!!!   VOTE HIM OUT.. Donate to his opponents  AND ...   MOVE JOBS OUT OF COLORADO!!   MAGPUL  ... I congratulate you!!

He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty, he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself. ~Thomas Paine

I'm a Racist for criticizing Obama.I'm a Terrorist because I want to protect my 2nd Amendment rights.I'm a Teabagger for supporting the Constitution.I'm a National Security Threat because I speak my mind.I'm a Birther because I dare question the documentation of the President.I'm a Trouble Maker for asking unanswered questions.I'm a Traitor for exposing the corruption of my Government.I'm a Conspiracy Theorist for presenting documented facts.I'm an Anti-American for not towing to the party line.I'm a War Monger because I support our Troops.I'm a Greedy Capitalistic because I believe I am entitled to what I earned.Guilty as Charged, and Proud of It!

Welcome to the Peoples Republic of Colorado!!! Colt is more than welcome to come to VA. we like guns guns are good. We know what the constitution is we wrote it.

Search "sandy hook" for new details from the police. No backbround check or 10-15rd mags would have made any difference at sandy hook....

Oh dear, people defending their God given rights and defending the Constitution. What a bother.

Seems to me that passing unpopular laws results in getting rid of unpopular politicians."The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are laws of such a nature. They disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes.... Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man."- Thomas JeffersonThis was written more then 200 years ago and people think these guys didn't get it?

What is a "2nd Amendment Advocate?"  What is there to advocate, it is already part of the Bill of Rights!   We should not have to find ourselves continuously defending the Constitution to other Americans.

I don't own a gun, but this action goes far beyond gun control, it is just another element in the long, meticulous, step-by-step, process of taking away our rights as citizens of the United States of America.  I'm a Colorado resident and I believe in the deepest parts of me that Gov Hickenlooper cares little about Colorado --- he cares more for his political gain.  He threw his wife away and now he's throwing Colorado's citizens rights away.  God help this country.

I want to vote Democrat... so I can smoke pot.    I want to vote Republican so I can carry a Gun.  So... What's a Pot smoking Gun owner to do???  As long as what I do does not harm another ...It should not be the concern of any government.  GOD put Marijuana on this earth and the government has NO right to tell me I can't use it.  I don't sell it...Just smoke it.  Have been for 40 years.  As far as guns are concerned.  I'm not a hunter...I'm a SURVIVOR..I have seen what Governments (and Criminals) will do to an UNARMED population.  My reason to own a firearm is to protect my self and my family from DEATH... Watch the newsreels from WW2... Watch as the citizens were SHOT IN THE STREETS just because of who they were..NOT for what they had done.  Watch as men, women and children were marched toward the GAS CHAMBER....and they had NO WAY to defend themselves.The 2nd Amendment was written as a protection against such atrocities.  NEVER IN AMERICA, COULD THIS HAPPEN......UNLESS WERE UNARMED.   Don't say it can't happen here....History has shown time and time again throughout the world that hunger for power and greed will make people do.  Nazi Germany...Soviet Russia... Cambodia...The list go's on and on and on.........

The gun control efforts by Democrats and other assorted liberals are  based on lies about the Aurora School shooting. The media reported for two days that the shooter used two  semi-auto handguns inside the school and an assault style weapon was found in the trunk of his car in the parking lot. Someone or some group seized the opportunity to change the story and suddenly the AR 15 was found beside the gunman inside the school. These people are using a tragedy and lies in an attempt to change the constitution and deny law abiding citizens the right to own some types of firearms which in reality will NOT keep guns away from criminals only law abiding citizens

Democrats will see their folly in 2014 and beyond. They will be thrown from office just as they were in the aftermath of the previous "assault weapon ban".

We are no longer Americans if we allow a few people who don't own guns to dictate  to us about guns. All we need to do is inforse the laws that we have and a mandatory 10 yrs. for crimes done with guns.

Obama will be using this, saying how Colorado is a pro 2nd Amendment state &amp; passed "reasonable" gun control ... spin,spin,spin

Good for Magpul.  They talk the talk and walk the walk.  Now let's see what the democrat governor does when he tries to explain why those jobs left the state.

Gun control is treason, plain and simple.Don't all inter net gun sales have to go through an FFL on both ends to begin with. VOTE THEM OUT

Hey Dems - replace the donkey with smiling Joe Biden's yap. That ought to score votes for you - NOT! HaHaHa!

Gov. Hickenlooper.... becoming a used car salesman very soon.

People ask your selves this question. WHY IS THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT BUYING UP AMMO? American need to wake the F Up and QUICKLY!

Who elected this goof ball?

Political peril:  If you're a boneheaded, anti-gun zombie, you should be voted out of office.

This is all we need a state like Colorado doing this in front of the largest gun vote of our time. Obama is all smiles.

Somebody needs to take this pecker head out to the woodshed and kindly point out the error in his thinking process.

no one supports gun control more than criminals.Would not want return fire you know.Don't criminals deserve the security of a gun free zone?

Democrats always do as they are told!!  Not is what is good for the People... Washington told him they wouldn't back him Unless he signed so... He obeyed THEM instead of the people who VOTED FOR HIM!!   THROW HIM OUTHeres a Governor that passes a law to Legalize Pot but wants to make Guns Illegal. That makes about as much since as a Chiggar D~I~C~K in a Tick.

Hickenlooper is going down as a one term governor. He will lose so badly that he shouldn't  even consider running for a second term. Why would you embarrass yourself??? People will cast their VOTE soon in Colorado and show their displeasure about these stupid gun laws.

Vacation &amp; Hunting Trip BOYCOTT coming SOON to a state called COLORADO!Show your displeasure with Colorado Politicians by giving your $$ to 2nd Amendment Friendly States!!

More democrat lies. You can buy on line but you have to go to an FFL to pick it up. Same thing as the so called Gun Show loop hole. You still have to have a back ground check. I just wish the democrats would tell the truth for once to the public that do not know much about firearms.

It wont be passed on a state to state basis so even if they pass national gun control it will only be enforced by the ATF. And they are low on funding now. The simple fact is America is too bankrupt to have the power to police all of our guns. And because of this fact trying and failing to prohibit the weapons will just increase the value of them on the street. Making criminal's, You guessed it, Money and even easier access to guns.

Get 'em all high on weed and take away their 2nd Amendment rights.  Sounds like a pretty good way to control the general population.

Just who are you to tell a mother at home defending her kids how many rounds she can have , you are not God , democrats  just can not stop once they are in power , look at Bloomberg you have to control all parts of life

Colorado is going the way of Montana with an influx of illegal invaders packing the voting booths and too many Californicators moving in to escape the demise of a once great state.  All LibDems and we all know how they hate most of the things real Coloradoans cherish.  Oh, and that $10 fee for the background check--what makes you think that won't get raised up to $500 any time soon?

Start putting away ALL the drunk drivers who kill innocent children and grown ups with a car or truck instead of giving them soft sentences. Stop allowing them to get out and drink and kill over and over.Its not a constitutional right.....Bearing arms is.....look and read the statistics ! drunks kill just as many or more then gun,s Don,t be fooled by liberal B.S

Glad I don't live anywhere near a place that restricts the rights of the people.  Sorry Colorado, you have some tyrants in office.get off our guns.....we the peope...remember us...your bosses...leave the guns alone..do your job that people voted you in office for....

Here is something you can send your senator, along with a promise to fire him if he votes for gun control:From a former [now wiser] gun control advocate:There are no facts supporting gun control except that it worked for Hitler, Mao, Stalin and a host of lesser killers.The founding fathers didn't recognize our right to keep and bear arms for hunting. They recognized the right to keep guns to fight tyrants, both foreign and domestic. Since Obama has become president, he has falsely labeled me as "rich," and acted as if that was the same word as "evil." He has openly called me "the enemy," and encouraged people to vote for "revenge," presumably against me. He has said I didn't build my career, somebody else did, and implied that my getting a good education and working hard didn't get me ahead, but that somehow I took something from others to get ahead. He has told people who contribute nothing, with absolutely incredible hypocrisy, that I, who pay a third of my life's income, "don't pay my fair share." A man as dishonest and purposely divisive as this would be a danger at any time, but having this evil, so reminisent of tyrants in Germany and Russia, recieve the full support and backing of the democratic party and the press, gives me ample reason to fear my government. I will keep my gun, and support the challengers against any who vote to take it away. The recent tragedy happened in a state where gun control was very tight, but criminals and psychos don't care about laws. Democrats are fully aware of the failures of gun control. They run the showcase cities for gun-control failure. They are not interested in preventing crime, they are interested in controlling people, which is exactly why we need our citizens to be armed.

Colorado, recall all of the commi libtards in you're state that help pass this knee jerk #$%$!!!

Were planning to visit Colorado and see the Rockies.  Not now.  You reap what you sow.

"Those who sacrifice liberty for security deserve neither and will lose both"

These liberal communists have no defense for taking away the rights of the law abiding citizens that the second amendment affords. They don't even want to be reminded of the constitution. It is a thorn in their side

"Gun Free Zones" are nothing more than "Guaranteed Defenseless Victims" areas.  Yeah, this is really protecting the innocent, right?

Why is that all these murders and acts of violence are usually done by progressive democrats the same people who want to take our rights? Like Sandy Hook Lanza a registered Democrat, James Holmes a progressive liberal who was a staff worker for the Obama election campaign, Fort Hood shooting also a registered Democrat, VA Tech shootings Cho Seung-Hui also a registered Democrat. Please people vote these crooks out of office before it is to late.

I hope the orgasm Fienstein has when she gets the news from Colorado gives her a stroke !

When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large "magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'"Perhaps,this same question can be asked about Voter ID issues...If you're going to "add" on additional restrictions to guns, then you SHOULD BE able to add on to additional requirements for voting............but AZ how that's working out for them.Well it sucks that it will be signed into law.. It can be undone with a GOP controled state gov. but that cant happen until election time. A recall can be done which it should be done. Liberals are idiots. Only positive thing that came out of this is that it will solidify the GOP in retaking CO and bring it back to its roots..I hope Magpul restricts all sales to CO and moves to Montana, Wyoming where they appreciate the 2nd amendment rights.

Second Amendment attacks should be political suicide for any politician that thinks things like gun bans and magizine sizes really work. There has been enough political stomping on the Bill of Rights. They were put there for a reason.

Colorado has excellent guided deer hunts for about &amp;2,500 and up. My brother and I planned a fall Colorado hunt but this law, if it stands, will cancel that. I would think we aren't the only ones looking at Texas or another state for a fall hunt. The law will hurt tourism.

next on the colorado agenda is limiting your right to free speech to fifteen words!

Why don't they just man up to the truth. The laws they are passing will do nothing to stop the carnage. They know it. The Gov't. closing mental institutions and leaving these disturbed people on the street is a big part. They will kill. If not with a gun, they will find a way. Truth be it, Hillary Clinton signed the UN small arms treaty, it's getting close to the time of enforcing what she signed, and this is their way of doing it.

Enforce the laws you already have and it that ain't enough, then look at more laws.

Well, the article is correct on the political effects.  Several politicos will fall as a result, and they will have earned that.I can see doing careful background checks, that could perhaps have some effect.  But limiting magazines?  Making magazines unlawful if they can be modified?  They ALL can, so the law is an outright BAN, which is stupid.The law punishes the vast majority who are innocent.Lawmakers that come up with unworkable laws should not be lawmakers, so..VOTE THEM OUT!!!

Thats what Colorado gun owners get for voting in democrats, serves them right.

Actually, possesing a firearm in denver is already illegal, an old law thats still on the books from the gunslinger days..

Impeach all gun grabbers.Lets give the media a pole in 2014 that they won't forget, vote the Democrats OUT all over the country.

I stopped spending any of my money in blue states, they're all are pushing the same socialistic agenda.  Texas and a few others are a better alternative.

how can this be implemented against the will of the majority of citizens?..COMMIES!!!

Colorado is veing annexed by the Socialist Republic of California. Time to come in from the woods, before these socialist screw your State up, just like they have done in mexifornia.

Hickenlooper? Quit sqeezing the Charmin!

Enjoy your free time after the next election Mr. Governor. You'll be the example to all other Governors not to mess with peoples rights.

Lickinpooper better be watching his six .

Teachers become targets! We!!!!!!!!

Anybody that voted for that law killed their political career forever. Just watch their heads roll in the oncoming elections.

Laws based on False Perpratrated AgendaClinton did this and the GOP took control of both houses of Congress!!!,... 2016 is looking great!!

You elected these Liberal whack jobs so deal with it and vote them out when its time,I hope you have a learned your lessons in electing a liberal

another obama puppet. follow the obama line not what those that elected him want. Disarm and enslave is the goal

Arms discourage and keep the invader and plunderer in awe, and preserve order in the world as well as property... Horrid mischief would ensue were the law-abiding deprived of the use of them. ~Thomas Paine

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'" Ok I’ll say it. It is appropriate everywhere government exists. How are a local people supposed to keep the government in check if we are easy to push and control? The risk for up uprising is what keeps politicians from steamrolling everyone. Laugh and shake your head but it’s true. That’s why we have the Second Amendment. The Founding Fathers knew this could happen.  The People need access to a means to bring the government back under control when they have gone too far. Sometimes paper signs stapled to sticks won’t work. Look back at history. See how Stalin, Mao and Hitler controlled their people. We don’t need Gun Control. We need mental health reform.

Hands OFF our guns.

The Colorado cops are gonna have 2 choices.#1 Deal with that 1 POS or #2 Deal with a raged armed public.

Anyone can modify a 15 round standard clip to a 30 round clip.

Why do libs want to live in slavery?

So...which one of these new laws would have stopped ANY if Colorado's mass shootings?Why do libs hate a free America?

Maybe someday I will be smart enough to fully understand how limiting law abiding citizens is going to help anything. Would I be wrong to suggest this is the beginning of a total gun ban?

You elected him you impeach him

Limiting magazine capacity is like limiting drinks will stop drunk drivers..So what is next. You can only buy alcohol in one shot bottles and limit to two. No more six pack, 12 packs or cases of beer. Only allow that sale of two packs. Go to a bar and only allow two beers, two shots, two mix drinks, or two glasses of wine or any combination not exceeding two. That is the same thinking. So we can treat anyone leaving a bar as a drunk drive since most drunk drives are caught or kill leaving a bar. So we can seize all cars in a bar parking lot because they are going to drive drunk and this will save kids. RIGHT?The fourth, fifth and eighth amendments are there to prevent the thought police, that is why radical liberals are trying to do away with them..It is easier to control those that will obey the law than punish those that won't.

Help Support a Gun Grabbing Liberal Democrat !  The New and Improved Obama Brown Shirts !

Good, when will politicians understand they should reflect the will of the people, not try to control people.  Politician's should be more in touch with their constituents.. period.We cannot control criminals with more laws, all we can do is limit our personal freedoms.

Little by little, let's disarm the people so we can acquire absolute control.  We must remove all obstacles to our social agenda and the ability for any resistance.  Democratic Play Book.

A couple of observations; People, alot of people are waking up to the fact that a few people represented by big money are attempting to force changes on the rest of us..Some of the people that have figured this out are getting peissed and will not indefinitely let this go on. When the government is unresponsive to the will of the majority, very bad things can occur. We need to go back to the will of the majority the way the country was set up. Gun ownership, though by no means for everyone is none the less a cherished right in the US.. if you think not, look around ask around but don't presume to make decisions for those who cherish their rights.Sadly, this is not the only right in jeopardy that basically started in the last administration and has rapidly accelerated in this one. The patriot act needs to go as times have changed until it needs revived again. The thought of drones, possibly armed at some point flying overhead and being surveyled by God knows whom is in direct conflict with our rights to some privacy..I cherish that right though I have nothing to hide.The right to free speech is definitely in jeopardy in the US. You may not like what I have to say but anyone should have the right to say what you have on your mind with out being beaten down by media or other in the name of political correctness. Again, who determines what is politically correct?  Special interests funded by big money.   A small, small example is the persecution of the BSA in the name of gay rights. This is a private, 100 year old organization with bilaws that they should be able to keep with out intimidation from the outside. Who sets political correctness? $$$$$.Your rights should not be dismissed or given away to anyone for any cause. Once they are eroded, ist only a matter of time until they are a mere shadow of what they were.

An emotional knee jerk reaction leads to political downfall. Bye bye Colorado Democrats. Rights stealing politicians need to be voted out....

Hicken blooperLickenpooper is wrong.. again.

Don"t  be a GAY state like NEW YUCK it really sucks here.......................

"Today, we need a nation of Minutemen, citizens who are not only prepared to take arms, but citizens who regard the preservation of freedom as the basic purpose of their daily life and who are willing to consciously work and sacrifice for that freedom."- John F. Kennedy

All liberals wants is more control over every aspect of your life. After all you cant make sound decisions you`re not in government. How on earth can you know what is good for you?

This is what happens when you let Democrats immigrate from a State they have already ruined. (California). Now they are going to ruin yours.

send the bum packing, let him find a real job, seems serving the public is too much to ask of him.

If they do not represent the Constitution, vote them out.

"the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."What f'ng part of INFRINGED do you NOT understand???F U Gov. John Hickenlooper D-Co, F U Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Ca. &amp; F U 2 prez O banana,,,

Colorado has gone to hell in a hand basket and deserves what they get when they elect idiots to be their lawmakers.

Typical liberals demonize the victim, sympathize with the suspect and blame the gun.  Personal responsibility is not in their vocabulary.Somebody ought to put 3 documents on this guys desk:----Document 1:  The Bill of Rights section of the Constitution.  Circle the 2nd Amendment. Add supporting material that educates this guy that the purpose of this part of the 2nd Amendment is NOT primarily the right to hunt OR the right to protect yourself but MAINLY to keep government honest because there are armed "freedom fighters" ready to roll.----Document 2:  The part of the Constitution that outlines the only way to take away our rights (by Amending the Constitution with a 2/3 Senate vote, a 2/3 Senate vote, and a 3/4 vote of the 50 States)  It is VERY DIFFICULT to take away the rights guaranteed by the Constitution--and it is that way on purpose to protect our freedoms.----Document 3:  The oath of office that most federal public employees take (which includes "defending the Constitution")  and for good measure throw int the Constitution of Colorado specifically states "U.S. Constitution Comes Before Statutes, Edicts, Ordinances, Rules or Regulations"  In other words the US Constitution is the Supreme Law of the Land!

If you read through the hoopla, you will see that these new laws are aimed at collecting more revenue by the democrats.  Fees are a covert term for "taxes".  I am sure that the criminal element will NOT adhere to these new laws, so what is the purpose? except to collect more "fees" for government.

The people of Colorado really elected these weirdoes?  Makes you wonder if your vote counts at all.

are these people still working on a criminal honor system?  If the clips are made anywhere, we can get them!!  that's so pathetic that this guy runs your state.  Go smoke another joint while you still can, because Obama will be cracking down on weed!! Big time!!!

I hope people in Colorado start going after these legislators political careers and removal from office.

maybe you coloradans should pass it to see whats in it?  look how well it worked for obamascare!!!

....shall not be infringed.

You know just last week I walked past a gun store and those dam guns came out and chased me for a block till I got away.

Politicians in all states will suffer that restrict the Second Amendment.......Cuomo will never win another election and that creep Fienstein will be done soon.

Barack Obozo and Joke Biden talked Hickenlooper into committing political suicide.  They wanted to use him as a guinea pig to see what would happen -- and he was dumb enough to take the bait.  Oops, I mean LIBERAL enough.  Same thing.Over-reaching progressive tyranny does have it's consequences.

wave goodbye to the Gov..........and the rest in the west...

Obama slaves, when he comes after you there will be no one to save you

Impeach the Governor of Colorado. Send him to England or Australia, he'll like all the other sheep there.

He's just being a good and loyal liberal Democrat by going along with their craziness.  So much for his so called moderate stance.

Hickenlooper is a puppet for Bloomberg

Loopy is just a few brain cells short of being a virus..

All these politicians think about is THEIR future down the road! They don't care about the people. They are only thinking about how they can get votes!

@Carys....Idiot!!!!! The 2nd amendment says WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS. It doesn't say jack about airplanes, or cars, or trains or anything else. It is my choice whether to fly or not if they don't want to allow me on their plane with a gun. Again, there was no internet then either, but you are certainly exercising your right to free speech on it, aren't you, pard. Stupid!

Colo's "Live free or die" attitude is dead.Criminals do NOT obey ANY gun laws.......... thats why we call them CRIMINALS.Vote out those who would disarm honest citizens.

Seems like the focus needs to be on criminals and the mentally challenged. Did you see the film on the theater shooter in court - needs some counseling, but nobody saw it(??).

I just left three other stories about guns. This is getting to be fun. I could do this all day. Hey yahoo keep,em coming..rollin rollin, rollin, bout guns....Gee I wonder if yahoo wants gun control. Notice I didn't end with a question mark.

I thought that being accused of anything was not proof of guilt. You need to be judged by a jury of your peers, not by a judge, pros. atty. but by a jury of your peers. It is they whom you plead your case before, it was the founding fathers way of providing a last bastion of hope before your were found guilty of a crime. Then you were punished. Not be punished just because someone said you did something.

if the government was doing what they should, they wouldn't feel the need to disarm their citizens.  they know what they are doing is wrong.

The Senate Democrats have dropped their assault weapons ban...... Harry Reid (D) stated that they couldn't get enough support.

Typical gun control tactics.  Infringe on Our rights and not punish criminals who use guns.  I guarantee if when caught alive using a gun in a felony, you were immediately put up against a wall and shot, gun crime and mass shootings would stop overnight.  The President can do this with his pen.  Just impose temporary martial law in these situations.

See what happens when you elect liberals. Better wake up and get them out of office.

How many Liberals still want child Porn legalized? You're masters the ACLU say, "be a pervert, it's a good thing" How dumb do they get in college these days?

For a Democrat, the Hick isn't that bad but he's dead wrong on this issue.Keep on attacking the constitution, you idiots. Its going to blow up in your face eventually.

now Colorado, you see what the liberals are capable of doing, don't trust them again, vote them out in 2014 and regain your frontier spirit, get rid of the hippies.

The governor is just another example of a spineless flip floppin politician !

Democrat are dangerous to our freedoms we need a third party ,if they can't leave the constitution alone they need not be on places of power where they take and erode our freedoms from us, I live in Colorado but it is infested with liberals

A real grieving parent or a fake one like from the CNN interview ? Who knows what to believe anymore or who ... MSNBC has been cought " editing " on two ocassions that I can name .. The Zimmerman 911 call tapes was edited to supposedly shorten them , yet left it looking like Zimmerman was following Martin because he was black , Which if you listen to the unedited tapes he clearly wasn't . The supposed " heckling " tapes ... Edited to exclude the father asking the people in the room to answer him , then claiming he was heckled ... Most of you will scream that I watch too much fox news ...Yet you Liberal / Democrats seem to know more about fox news than most conservitives .So who to believe ? The facts about this story are simple ... After all of the lies from Obama the Clown and his band of merry misfits , I dont believe a single word that comes from the White House , The Democratic Party , The Liberals or The Lie-beral Press. Do I watch Fox News ? No .. But I do remember a time when if I picked up a newspaper, I knew that the headline was based on the truth instead of a lie to sell papers or ment too divide America .

The liberals (trace liberalism back through its name changes and you get back to marxism) have nibbled away away at the 4th, 6th, 7th, 10th and 14th ammendments and are now trying to nibble away at the 2nd.  If they aren't stopped now, they'll be nibbling on the 1st next.

Well thank god they passed this useless law!Now when the next gunman decides to massacre people, he probably won't because he will be limited to 10 rounds!... and as we know criminals always obey the laws!

Criminals and crazies will find high volume magazines and use them.It does not matter what the law in Colorado is.

TEXAS,that's the last American state.

I feel better now! The crazies that would actually shoot up a school or a movie theater will now make sure to limit the ammo and type of gun they bring because they are scared to death of the repercussions of this no nonsense, hard hitting law.He can't do this.  He can't prevent exclude Colorado US citizens from their 2nd Amendment rights.  There was no (and will be no) 2/3 majority vote in both the House and Senate, and approval of 3/4 of the states which is needed to amend the Constitution to take away these rights.The US government is arming up with ammunition. Web search it.  They just bought 100 years worth of hollow-point bullets earmarked for domestic use. If the government can disarm the citizenry, then they are no longer subservient to the people--they can dominate the people like Stalin or Hitler (if they so choose).  And citizens are limited to 15 rounds??  Think about it !!!  This amount of bullets can still kill a bunch of kids but it WOULD NOT last very long if it were necessary for a citizen to become a freedom fighter. A citizenry with without ammunition is essentially disarmed. Stop the slippery slope that makes the US vulnerable to the forced intrusion of Communistic central government.  Don't let the Constitution be ignored, bypassed, and subverted by those who have taken an oath to defend that wonderful freedom-insuring document.  Wake up America!  The Constitution is a wonderful gift from our forefathers.  Don't let elected officials get away with illegally bypassing it.

Firearms play an OUTSIZED role in the dark hearts of the Gov.. Why 2 billion bullets and 2,700 armored vehicles purchased  by DHS ?  30,000 drones overhead soon, what's up with that ?  Was the definition of treason stricken from the dictionaries yet ? Watch Cyprus's banks steal depositors money to get a clue&gt;

Firearms play an outsized role in the hearts of Coloradans you mean.... FREEDOM plays an important role in the hearts of Coloradans. These reporters are a joke. The people will have their say. The propaganda media should start looking for a new job now.

Another blowhard grandstanding worthless politician.

“Beware of those who seek to take care of you lest your caretakers become your jailers.” – Jim Rohn. Have any of these so called "politicians" even read the Constitution of the United States? The one they swore to "uphold and defend".

And to think i actually thought of moving there after i graduate college.......not happenin now

"Police in TX were originally responding to a burglar alarm call when they received a second call. This one was from the homeowner, to report he just shot a man inside of his home. The homeowner shot the suspected burglar multiple times in the chest"

dickenloopers a dork

The independents, libertarians, conservatives and Republicans who voted for Hickenlooper are to blame, not Hickenlooper.  You simply cannot trust ANY Democrat when it comes to protecting the 2nd Amendment.

Wate till he gets butt raped on the street  hahaharecall this $#%$#@

I'm a Racist for criticizing Obama.I'm a Terrorist because I want to protect my 2nd Amendment rights.I'm a Teabagger for supporting the Constitution.I'm a National Security Threat because I speak my mind.I'm a Birther because I dare question the documentation of the President.I'm a Trouble Maker for asking unanswered questions.I'm a Traitor for exposing the corruption of my Government.I'm a Conspiracy Theorist for presenting documented facts.I'm an Anti-American for not towing to the party line.I'm a War Monger because I support our Troops.I'm a Greedy Capitalistic because I believe I am entitled to what I earned.Guilty as Charged, and Proud of It!

Magpul come to Alabama, we love ya!

Wouldnt you want to be one of these Dem/Libs who now has to walk around in public?They have just made themselves prisoners.They will be gone in 2014. Please dont waste your money trying to convince us to vote you back in. Save it and move to another state.

I think every democrat should stand up for gun control and be very vocal about it.  That way the voters can find politicians who support the rights of law abiding Americans to vote for in 2014.

Guns and high taxes are the first place COMMIES hit when they do hit.. Take the guns keep upping the taxes on poor defenseless citizens small business OBAMA always mentions... Look out people the COMMIES are here..

VOTE THEM ALL OUT!

if you voted democrap ,shame on you. democraps hate AMERICA and our Constitution

Im on your side COLORADO. Just a damn yankee but follow us in NY, and boot the politicians out the door. Wont take long before the replacements will start representing the people.

Payback is going to be a bit*h to these traitors. Recall, then try, convict, and IMPRISON for life all who voted against the Bill of Rights set forth by the Founding FATHERS. Set up Courts of THE PEOPLE if need be to insure honest trials. Then, take all high capacity magazines and assault weapons away from the police and all government security teams. Let them live under their own tyranny.dems gone wild

Just fire up a fat one, Coloradoans and talk to the criminals about love and peace.

How come this governor along with many members of our congress and president who are screaming about gun control have no intention of taking the hand guns away from our criminals who are using them every day to commit acts of violence and murder?

From my cold dead hands....

As they should be , these so called political leaders swear an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution failure to uphold that oath should result in immediate political recourse, next they will be telling you what to eat and drink, what medical coverage you are allowed, imposing unfair taxes and restrictions on buisness .........oh wait

Makes me wonder what the Governor is SMOKING???

THIS is why no party... Republican or Democrat... should have a majority big enough to shut the other out.  George Washington was right... there should not be two parties... there should be ONE party.  The party of the American people.

Nice guys finish last. Holds true in every sense. This will only punish law abiding citizens.

At least now the sickening liberals are unmasked.  Now the sane Coloradian can finally vote them all out ..  Whaaaaa hooooo. cowboy

Horse Poopie. Won't make one bit of difference.  Well, except he's losing a couple of gun related manufacturers, who are leaving the sate. I guess jobs aren't a big deal in Colorado since the weed related ones will grow.hey gun grabbers...i'm amazed that you are willing to give up your own rights as well

Right...vote'em all out beginning with the IDIOT at the top !!

He is done. There will be a purge of Democrats in the next election.

Liberals are not just mentally deranged, they are every bit as dangerous as the deluded whackjobs who get their jollies shooting people, numbering fortunately just a handful, only to be protected by those same libturdian knuckleheads who want to restrict everyone's rights !

The damage in Aurora and Newtown came from evil men who used guns as their tool of choice to murder.  According to Frontline investigation, Lanza never emptied his magazines.  He kept changing them out quickly leaving unspent bullets in the magazines.  We don't need gun control; we need people who are in control of their emotions, thoughts and actions.  As long as you have evil violent people free in society; you will have crimes like this.

Colorado Politicians are Idiots!!!! Boycott Colorado.

"The right to bear arms" which part of this is do you NOT understand!!!!

When is the next vote for state reps, and gov. in Colorado?  I can't WAIT to see it!!!

Remember befor you can shoot innocen people you MUST pass a background check and have your gun registered first. This is how stupid the left is, and they must believe this will work. Only 7 rounds please, ITS THE LAW.

see what happens when a wanna be killer is confronted by armed resistance.... check yahoo home page for Fla colleges student plotted attackLickenpooper needs to be removed from office!

People wake up it is  the Democrats trying to take your rights away!  They all cave under the Democrat machine.  They all tow the line under pressure.    Check their voting records.  The money from the party for reelection is their only concern.  There are a few holding to principle but not many!

A 12 gauge shotgun with plug removed and loaded with 00 buckshot can do more damage than an AR with a 30 round clip.

Colorado legislators.  Taking rights away from law abiding citizens.  But, protecting the rights of repeat sex offenders:  no vote on Jessica's law!

Sorry for Colorado...Thats why I live in Texas!

Liberals are like the plague....spreading until are consumed.  Then, moving on to greener pastures and the process starts all over.Thousands of Californians moved to Colorado for low taxes, lower cost of living, and the benefits fiscally conservative policies had built (tabor laws).  Unfortunately, Liberals continue to vote like where they came from.

the office of the colorado government is not for the people of the real colorado only the denver area/

With a #$%$ boy running the colo congress and a gov with a name like lickenpooper, what could  you expect.

.Obama swore to defend the constitution .I heard him being sworn in. Impeach HIM.

Just can't imagine the people of that state standing down. Should be taking to the street in en masse. Protest and then vote every single lawmaker up for re-election OUT.If a conservative doesn't like guns, he doesn't buy them.  If a liberal doesn't like guns, he wants no one to buy them.

#$%$  Them guys do one term and are set for life.  They don't care.

There are WAY TOO MANY Californians in Colorado. They moved here to get away from restrictive big government, then they bring it here.

A little history on anti gun Bloomberg and his "Posse" of Mayors against the 2nd amendment rights of Americans:THE GODFATHER AND HIS GUN GRABBING GANG1] Sheila Dixon, Baltimore, Md- Convicted of perjury and embezzling funds meant for charity!2] Richard Corkley, Coaldale, Pa- Convicted of child pornography and bail violations!3] Frank Melton, Jackson, Ms- Convicted of violating his own cities gun possession law!4] Larry Langford, Birmingham, Al- convicted of 60 counts of bribery, fraud &amp; tax evasion!5] Gary Becker, Racine, Wi- Convicted of attempted child molestation and luring a child forillicit purposes!6] David Donna, Guttenberg, Nj- Convicted of extortion and tax fraud!7] Kwame Kilpatrick, Detroit, Mi- Convicted of assault on a police officer and perjury!8] Pat M. Ahumada Jr, Brownsville, Tx- Arrested 3 times for driving while intoxicated!9] Roosevelt Dorn, Inglewood, Ca- Pled guilty to public corruption and embezzlementcharges!10] Tony Mack, Trenton, Nj- Recently charged for accepting $119,000 in bribes!11] Adam Bradley, White plains, Ny- Convicted of domestic violence charges!12] Buddy Cianci, Providence, Ri- Convicted of assault and racketeering!13] Gordon Jenkins, Monticello, Ny- Pled guilty on 5 counts of trademark counterfeiting!14] April Almond, East Haven, Ct- Arrested and charged with interfering with a police officer!15] Eddie Perez, Hartford, Ct- Convicted of bribery and extortion!16] Will Wynn, Austin, Tx- Convicted of assault!17] Samuel Rivera, Passdale, Nj- Convicted of extortion and accepting bribes!18] Jeremiah Healy, Jersey City, Nj- Convicted of disorderly conduct and resisting arrest!SO, WHO ARE THE REAL CRIMINALS????AMERICAS 80 MILLION LAW-ABIDING GUN OWNERS OR MAYOR BLOOMBERG'Sgang of gun-grabbing politicians????Many of the elitist politicians can NO longer own guns, maybe that's why they don't want you to own one either!Help the 2nd amendment maintain your freedom by exposing these corrupt politiciansfor what they really are...CORRUPT!!!Source of info : Public Record &amp; UsccaAre these REALLY the people you want telling you what to do in life and death situations?Hey yahoo, how about running this story?

There's an ill wind a'blowin. The gathering storm seems exceedingly angry. Prepare, the time for choosing is advancing.

If politicians want to infringe upon OUR rights, then we need to infringe upon theirs and throw them out of off - FORCIBLY, if necessary!

Let Colorado be the opening salvo to show the progressive/socialist politicians what will happen when they TRY and take away our rights. Begin organizing now. Raise money, do whatever it takes to get the message of patriots to the people. Ride to the sound of the fight NOT away from it. Ask for support and the rest of the country will come to your aid.

MAGPUL: Come to Texas!

NEW gay Liberal ILLINOIS. Rednecks taken over by GAy Liberal democrats. need secession now lead by texas.NRA and nasac

They now have a new adopted son Lady gaga,and daughter Elton John.now lets see if magpul 's owner is the real thing or just lip service.if he doesn't move out of colorado he should be boycotted

I hope their attacks on the constitution and our rights sink the worthless careers they use to fail our people. Vote the Dems out!!

There is a legitimate process to changing the US and state constitutions.  Colorado legislators circumvented this process for "common sense solutions" and in so doing robbed the people of Colorado of their human rights.  Let's see if the career of these legislators continues past the next election.  - Christopher

a registered democrat should not be allowed to leave califorina, and pollute other states, maybe mine!

I'm a Colorado resident and will do everything I can to get this liberal communist voted out of office and the other Dumbocrats that hate the Constitution. Get rid of this trash!

Time for Hickenpooper to move to New York so he fits in.

Hickenloopy is a cowardly squat to pee one size fits all dipshyte.......vote his worthless butt out !

The best background check you can have is a voter ID card.

Remember the gun banner in the next election.

Criminals love the revised gun laws. They love them because they know the only people who will follow them are the citizens. It's one thing to say you are doing this to keep the good people safer, it's another thing to actually see what it's doing to the places that have these laws. Chicago, LA, NY City, alll places with strict gun laws, yet the highest rate of gun violence. Seems like nothing the law makers do are going to stop the law breakers. By the way, Law Makers, who's that war on drugs going?ban [ ban ]  .forbid something: to forbid something officially or legally so that it cannot be done, used, seen, or readin·fringe [ in frínj ]   .encroach on somebody's rights or property: to take over land, rights, privileges, or activities that belong to somebody else, especially in a minor or gradual wayWhat part of "Shall not Infringe" do you not understand Governor?

This is great. The dems are on the wrong side of this issue. Can't wait for elections. Many dems will be out.

If the left wants my guns then by all means come get them !

I live in Thomaston CT. Before the Newtown Shootings CT already had strict Gun Laws! Yesterday i stopped at the Library. i had noticed over the past 2 Months there were no new Issues of Field and Stream. At first i attributed this to it already being lent out? I asked the Librarian why no new Issues?She told me they no longer subscibe. I didn't know what to say at first, but i asked her if no one else in Town had any Interest in Outdoor Sports? She did  not Answer? I plan to return today to ask some Questions regarding why a Public Library would have the Right to determine what the Public can and cannot read! I also have a Feeling that after 30 Yrs i am going to present my Library Card and tell them to keep it.

Gun control is political peril for gun control hacks? That is as it should be!!!!! I do not pity those self serving politicians whatsoever!

I say tar and feather them and ride them out on a rail like they did it in the old days !! that is if we still have real men in this country !!

If you really want to know why these people want your guns, just read some history..It ain't "rocket science" folks....get a clue...

This gun control thing has all started because of obama.He wants to take away our guns so he can be the supreme commander over the citizens of the US.Its only the start of what this man has in store for the american public.We need to vote all these idiots out of office no incumbents vote their tyranical ash out of office starting at the top,both sides of the political parties,its time for americaNS TO WAKE  AND MOVE ON THESE IDIOTS.

you filthy politicans are making enemy's all around the world , an you want what , #$%$ obuma an the rest of you baby killin liberal  !!!!!! GOD has a plan for you liberal !!!!

It seems that most Democrats are unified into Socializing America at the cost of our freedom, and don't care how the average citizen feels about it! None of them think about the consciences of their actions, only their reputation by other Democrats especially the ones in Washington, who have adopted this one size fits all attitude and have sacrificed their own principles in the name of glory!Vote their #$%$es out.  We have a Republican Coburn in Oklahoma who is kissing Obama's #$%$ and I for one will do everything I can to get him voted out of office.  My favorite word used to be pointed at illegal Mexicans but now it is has changed to Commie.

Is Denver the NEW CHICAGOWE NEED CRIMINAL CONTROL NOT GUN CONTROLLook at places like CHICAGO with strict gun control, and you will see only crooks have the guns. There have been over 500 gun related deaths in CHICAGO this years. More AMERICANS are being killed in CHICAGO than Afghanistan. Today is a TRAGEDY but please don't blame guns, blame someone who used guns to act in a TRAGIC WAY.Criminals will always be able to get and carry guns. Get the guns away from criminals before law abiding CITIZENS. Then you can talk about GUN CONTROL. GOD BLESS AMERICA and the families that were directly touched by this act of VIOLENCEWE NEED CRIMINAL CONTROL NOT GUN CONTROL

Every AMERICAN CITIZEN should have the right to be at least as well armed as the drug cartels that the obama administration illegally provided assault rifles!

WAKE UP AMERICA State and so called government are in reality corporations and not constitutional forms of governments.Research The Act Of 1871 it created THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA INC. it's a business and all those that claim to be public servants are all employees of the business.Research The No Trading With The Enemy Act that defined all United States citizens as enemies to the States and enemies can't own property the States own it all. In order for a State to be funded by the corporation in D.C. they have to be a corporation also.WAKE UP and connect the dots and follow the money trail.It's time to take back what the corrupt politicans stold through fraud and deceit.

So Mr President I hear you want to control GunsSure would be nice if you could control spending

Vote Gov Hookerpooper out.

governor, if a guy busted into your home with an ar15 and 30 rd mag, you would be #$%$ off that your state left with you with 15rounds.... how would you feel if that was your wife? or your child?

When Magpul moves and are looking for employees I want to join them, even if it means sweeping the shop floor anything to get out of this Communist state. I moved to Colorado years ago to live here for ever, but I am a gun owner and don't want my rights restricted. Its a shame when people and business owners have to think like this, because of bad Anti American politicians. Hickenlouper you are a LOOSER.

" Just try Living Free in America without Your Guns and Ammo; I dare you...You might as well be Dead."..." Use it or Lose it."...

It's already begun, I know plenty of folks that have had their eyes opened and will now use the gun issue to determine who they vote for next time, all the Democratic gains, are going poof! in the next elections, they're not going to forget this.I vacationed in Colorado back in the late 70's. Even back then as a young 18 year old I was under the impression that the entire state was settled by a bunch of filthy runaway peace chanting, dope smoking hippies. I guess some of them hold office now.

Using the ELF Wave on the Public.It is easier to mind-control and hypnotize people who are bathed in an artificial electromagnetic-wave.  thats what going to happen to AMERICA.look at what we have for a president. hes going behind our back and taking down the Country with every move he makes

Coloradans get what they deserve. They're too lazy and stupid to pay attention, too easily duped by the state-run media, and put these mentally unbalanced statist pricks in office. Own it, losers.

Colorado needs to pull togehter and do a recall election on this guy.

Texas will welcome Magpul Industries.

" Only a Criminal, Tyrant, or a Tyrannical Federal, State, County, or Local Government fears and is afraid of the Armed American Citizenry."...

Every single one of those representatives will lose their job for infringing on your Constitutional Rights &amp; Responsibilities.

Political Suicide. Out with this gun grabbing liberal. Vote all of these politicians out that want to attempt to infring on the constitution. I do not want to hear their excuses on why they are doing what they are doing. Criminal will not be effected by any new laws, only law biding citizens.

"I still worry at night, the threat of terrorists in the U.S. now rivals that of plots hatched overseas ." Eric Holder, the U.S. attorney general, told ABC's Pierre Thomas in an exclusive interview on February 27.TELL ME AGAIN WHY I DON'T NEED AN ASSAULT RIFLE...

More gun control, soda size control, cigarette control, medical control, speech control. I feel like I live in a socialist country and not in America. When will the individual be made to be responsible for his or her own action?It's just Amazing how a Few Misplaced Liberals with a Socialist Agenda can F*** up a State, Even more Amazing is the Freedom Loving Americans that sit back and allow them to get away with this Horses**t, Time to stand up for you Freedoms America.

Koolaidorado has now become Kalikornia! Slowly we fall apart thru Democrat-Liberal policies taking away OUR Individual Rights!

Take away Feinstein's gun license.

I love the Democratic party, they have no idea that the guns they are banning are going to be point right at there heads during any upcomming elections...nothing like commiting political  suicide. me and 17 members in my family have changed our voteing status to republican.. we urge others to do it and get your message across. it does affect there party, and when they start loosing there reps in congress and the senate.. they might actually wake up and get the message...you cant enforce our constitional rights then we dont need you

governor,you just cut your own throat

The government is banning and taking the citizens guns and rolling in FEMA (Home LandSecurity, better known as Obamas SS Troops) troop carriers with 50 cal gun ports.  Think about that.

The dems, no matter which state they're in, if they have the majority, bring socialism and anarchy.

For those nonresident hunters out there who frequently travel to the elk capial of the nation, I urge you to spend your hunter dollars in a more constitutional friendly state such as Montana!!!

We do not have an attack on guns directly but on locations. You see cities are the worse problem to many people with nothing to do, so they create mischief to have fun and people get hurt. Now in the country people work to survive and guns help kill food and since there is so much more room their are fewer people and less to none to get hurt (respect of others). Just like the last election the cities voted for FREE stuff, the counties voted for FREEDOM and lost.

If I owned a gun,or guns,I would never tell the government about them!That would be the surest way to lose them.I'll just let folks wonder,does he or doesn't he have a gun.Magpul should move to Lake Havasu City, AZ. We need jobs.....

Whether a magazine that is capable of holding two rounds or one that holds twelve million rounds, unlike the brilliant Gov. of Colorado, I've never seen a magazine of any capacity, walk into a theatre any kill anybody.  The Governor is no more a "moderate" than I am a rocket scientist.  He is cut from the same Marxist-Leninist cloth the president and the New York City Mayor are from.

The only way to stop these liberal dems is to VOTE THEM OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We need politician to perserve the Constitution and those that do not, VOTE THEM OUT!!!!!!!

" a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes". I thought you were innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt? Now we can violate your 2nd amendment rights for being "accused" of a crime. Wow. Un fu(kinbelieveable.

The only practical consequence that I can see coming out of this law is that Hicken-grabber and his Ilk won't be re-elected...

Just look at hinkelpoopers face doesnt it look like the face of a person with a deranged mind?

What Colorado, New York, and Chicago have done are just to pass feel good laws that will not have any effect on criminals in the first place.  However it has a great impact on rights of law abiding citzens.  Its the slow erosion of the 2nd amendment.  Of course none of these new laws will be enforced by the justice system just like all the others.

Meanwhile in Connecticut.... proposed a host of new gun control measures, including required registration of all guns"......there it is folks..the end game....Pay attention Colorado....

I would invest in crates of 30 round clips they are going to triple in worth.I wonder how many of these antigun Folk have stocks in firearms and ammo?

This bozo of a gov. sure stuck his #$%^ in a grinder this time.Well. Good. Stop telling us what to do.

I didn't know California was expanding.

My solution--display all your weaponry openly--law enforcement will not hassle you--you are not committing any punishable crime--head for your local bank, school, or grocery store and pay a visit--

If the government could they would keep us all in cages

Colorado has been taken over by Hollywood.  Need anymore be said?

Vote the lib/dems out and bring up on charges for OATH Violation.each and everyone of them..

There should be more rules governing the politicians, not the guns.

Start a RECALL PETITION

Just cancelled my vacation to Colorado.  I think I will go to Yellowstone instead.  I know its not much but Colorado you just lost about $4000.

15 round magazines will stop carnage?  Does anyone know what the "mad minute" is?  British riflemen in WW1 used a bolt action rifle to hit a 3" target at 300 yards in 60 seconds and the record was 38 hits.Guns should be used to punish the criminal and protect the honest and innocent.

This guy is a moron. If someone is  going to go on a killing spree, do you really think they are going to care about your stupid laws that you can't even enforce? Im sure they would be saying....Uh oh, my AK-47 has a high capacity clip .......I better leave that home.

Little by little, inch by inch.

With the number of American citizens who own guns and believe in the right to do so, make them the largest army in the world.  The politicians are facing a great battle and may soon be standing in the unemployment line.  Under the US Constitution they nor the federal government have the authority to take guns or restrict what type of weapon you purchase.However, there is a law against most citizens owning the real type of assault weapon, those that are fully auto.  Semi auto does not fall into the classification of being an assault weapon.

Boycott Colorado's ski/hunting/travel industries.

Copied from another's post, but I couldn't agree more:And yet there is national uproar among the Democratic party regarding asking people to simply demonstrate their citizenship / proof of identity when it comes to voting? Infringing on one protected right is "reasonable" and "a voice of reason" but simply asking people to verify their identity is overly restrictive and unconstitutional. Free ID cards are an unbearable burden for one right, but it's acceptable to force a fee for exercising the other.Anyone who has taken the time to read these bills will easily conclude they are (1) poorly designed; (2) unenforceable; (3) will do nothing to hinder criminal activity; (4) are an incremental step toward total gun bans.My gut feel is, much like Obamacare, they are designed to be ineffective, so two years from now when there are no positive results the cry will be "we just didn't go far enough." The next steps? "We need to ban high capacity magazines period!" "We need to ban these types and models of guns." (watch, by 2015 the cry will be Obamacare didn't go far enough - next step total socialized medicine). Our freedom and liberty will be lost incrementally. Like the frog thrown into the pot of cold water and then brought slowly to boil, by the time the nation wakes up freedom will be all but lost. And freedoms freely given up are seldom regained.

Firearms play an important role in the hearts of many Americans. As long as there are those who will use force to take what they want in life, we will need firearms to protect us. The rest of the minority gun haters can just stick their heads back in the sand. We'll let you know when it's safe.

My question to you Mr Governor, Where does gun control stop?

Bath, Michigan School Disaster. Andrew Kehoe, seeking revenge against the community for taxes imposed on his farm to pay for a new school, set off a TNT bomb in the school, killing 43 people, including 39 grade-school children. After the explosion, Kehoe killed his wife, then drove his truck back, loaded with dynamite &amp; nails, to the school, &amp; set it off, killing himself &amp; the school superintendent.It doesn't take a gun to kill a bunch of poeple. The gun grabbers don't have a clue. They are out to make everyone as misserable as they are.

Why, Johnny Ringo, you look like someone just walked all over your grave.he's an idiot. the AR-15 wasn't used.

Vote the grabber out of office

Vote them out, the repeal the law.

What no one is pointing out is that about 80% of all gun crime is committed by blacks and latin races in the larger metroploitan areas. Of course, like everything else involving minorities, it is Whites fault that these races lack the ability to thrive in society.There will be race wars when the government ponzi scheme falls apart. This is the real reason they want the population disarmed. Now Obama is colluding with the clowns in the United Nations to strip Americans of the righ to bear arms.

Dump the Dumbocrats!

It's sad when politicians wont make or enforce laws because they might lose the next election. Our politicians are the worst crooks, tax evading, liars we have on the face of the earth. If I don't pay my taxes to the IRS I go to jail. If a politicians doesn't pay their taxes-they just get reported in the media and keep sitting on the throne.

"Secrecy is the keystone of all tyranny. Not force, but secrecy ... censorship.  When ANY government, or ANY church, for that matter, undertakes to say to it's subjects, 'This you may not read, this you must not see, this you are forbidden to know,' the end result is tyranny and oppression, no matter how good the motives.  Mighty little force is needed to control a man whose mind has been hoodwinked; contrariwise, NO amount of force can control a FREE man, a man whose mind is free. No, not the rack, not fission bombs, not anything. You CANNOT conquer a FREE man; the most you can do is KILL him." -- Robert A. Heinlein“Our Founding Fathers were proud that Americans were trusted with arms because they knew that only when people are armed could they truly be thought of as free citizens. And that's where the circle closes. Those who want to DEPRIVE YOU OF YOUR RIGHT TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS ARE INTENDING TO DEPRIVE YOU OF YOUR FREEDOM, period. Like the criminals their policies encourage, these elitists know that it is always best to disarm your victims BEFORE you enslave them.” -- Charley ReeseVirtues, NOT Values: The Difference Is Crucial. When America stopped teaching the virtues and started talking about types of behavior as economic commodities, we began our descent. Virtues are absolute: values rise and fall and are exchangeable. Values have been equated with opinions/personal beliefs, and with relativism in play, values become worthless. Courage is not a “value” which can be bartered intellectually. Honesty is absolute: its value does not rise and fall with opinions, UNLESS YOU ARE A DEMOCRAT!

it is the beginning of the end for Hickenlooper. The first Benedict Arnold of Colorado.  We wont forget and if you think we will you are truly mistaken. Hickenlooper you have taken cash from and made promises to the wrong people. when the next criminal shoots up a crowd with 10 round magazines with a gun he did not purchase with a background check you should turn off the lights in your office and resign. If not sooner, Bye bye in the next election ...

Once again...the 2nd Amendment wasn't written to protect rabbit hunters.

I'm beginning to face it.  We are in an age of Prohibition.  Anything dealing with ethics or morality is strictly PROHIBITED,  Nothing is sacred anymore.Of course "no common ground" an infringement will always undoubtedly be an infringement.

The United Federation will NEVER let the gun ban go threw , That is a promise and a fact .

Makes me wonder why this government wants us disarmed, Could this have anything to do with what happened in Greece over the weekend where the government took 10% of everyone's bank accounts????

" Guns are what Life, Liberty and Freedom are derived from and held onto with; not the Ballot Box."...

I am pretty sure you can assault anyone with anything. So lets outlaw assault bottles, assault tire irons, assault cars, assault tennis rackets, assault baseballs, assault trash can lids, assault hockey sticks, .......

Hey there Govenor, move to Utah, they'll steal those family heirlooms there! Just ask Dave Cook, of Dave Cook sporting goods. The 30-30 Marlin my father gave me was stolen there. I thought Doc Holiday was from the south, and Buffalo Bill from South Dakota. Doc DIED in Glenwood Springs there! Idiot!

Guns &amp; Pot are 2 great things our Government should never mess with !!!!!

I think instead of holding the law abiding gun owners responsible for gun crimes,  we should hold parents of criminals responsible for lack of proper parenting.  So if the children steal a gun and then kill someone the parents should share in the punishment.  It would make parents more responsible.

Just another person that believes that being afraid of something is better than acting upon it.

First step in gradual disarming of a state.Real simple..this is what happens when dumbazzes put dumbazzes in charge. Plain and simple.

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'"Last I checked, the police report hasn't been released to the public. Witnesses say that the rifle jammed after a few shots and he had to switch weapons. Judging by the proximity of the victims to the killer, the shotgun was most the likely tool abused for the mass amounts of casualties. But hey, way to misinform the public into manipulation.

You vote your beliefs and I'll vote mine.

To dismantle the Constitution is Treason.

These gun laws make about as much sense as the 55 mile per hour speed limit on 225 and I-70 along with sections of I-25 No one actually goes 55. Most people travel at 70 to 80. If the police don't bother enforcing basic rules of the road, how are they going to enforce some blatant law that serves no purpose...

Dark days in America

As ratified by the States: A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the People to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.Think about it this way.Vehicle is the base word in a tree. (as in the first name in a family tree) Next would be motorized vehicles and non motorized vehicles and so on. GET IT ! So a ban on battery and gas tanks in vehicles would ban them in every vehicle GET IT Vehicle is the base word the starting point for cars, buses , including military and police !We the people is the base of our tree! WE have militia Formed into full time protection already they are in our tree! But We the people are the base of this tree the The Second Amendment was given to us for a reason!A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State, =The Second Amendment was developed as a result of the tyrannous rule of the British parliament. Colonists were often oppressed and forced to pay unjust taxes at the hand of the unruly parliament. As a result, the American people yearned for an Amendment that would guarantee them the right to bear arms and protect themselves against similar situations. The Second Amendment was drafted to provide for the common defense and the general welfare of the United States through the ability to raise and support militias.The meaning of the phrase "well-regulated" in the 2nd amendmentFrom: Brian T. Halonen &lt;halonen csd.uwm edu&gt;The following are taken from the Oxford English Dictionary, and bracket in time the writing of the 2nd amendment:1709: "If a liberal Education has formed in us well-regulated Appetites and worthy Inclinations."1714: "The practice of all well-regulated courts of justice in the world."1812: "The equation of time ... is the adjustment of the difference of time as shown by a well-regulated clock and a true sun dial."1848: "A remissness for which I am sure every well-regulated person will blame the Mayor."1862: "It appeared to her well-regulated mind, like a clandestine proceeding."1894: "The newspaper, a never wanting adjunct to every well-regulated American embryo city."The phrase "well-regulated" was in common use long before 1789, and remained so for a century thereafter. It referred to the property of something being in proper working order. Something that was well-regulated was calibrated correctly, functioning as expected. Establishing government oversight of the people's arms was not only not the intent in using the phrase in the 2nd amendment, it was precisely to render the government powerless to do so that the founders wrote it.only a moron would change the word well-regulated to mean any form of ban on guns of any kind to the 2nd amendment. this would apply to We the people the base word in our tree!A un armed militia being necessary to the security of a free State,A dis armed militia being necessary to the security of a free State,A banned assault weapons militia being necessary to the security of a free State,Really Who would want this, think about that!last on my listthe ability to change the constitution was made clear there is a set procedure but this line was added to the 2nd amendment ! shall not be infringed why? why is it nowhere else in the constitution? it was put there to protect the 2nd amendment from the ability to change making it exempt from changing it. Can not be done is what it says! And why? being necessary to the security of a free State. The people that wrote it were not dumb, but the people reading it might be!

This is what happens when special interest groups from California Illinois New York and Washington flood the mediad with anti gun nonsense. Followed by their stooges who flood yahoo with out and out lies in the hope of making this bill hick and obummer look better. Its all smoke and mirrors. The truth is that people born and bred in Colorado do not want these 3 bills

as a veteran, I cling to my religion and firearms and have no intention of giving up either! magpul is welcome in Oklahoma

The legislators did NOTHING to address the real problem.Mentally ill perpetrators do horrendous things.My firearms do not clamor for me to let them out of the safe to go hurt people.Time to build some mental health facilities and put an end to ignoring the problem.Hicken blooper what do you expect with a name like rumple stilsken are the from the same story book.

Looks like Colorado has been infiltrated/ruined by California Hippy Idiots..brace for the backlash fellas..

Take away Feinstein's gun license and her armed guards.

Good for Magpul, hope the move is quick!

Non of this address the real problem,, the crazy guy !!!Even with all that was passed a crazy guy can still buy a gun WITTH a background check.

The biggest enemy of freedom and liberty has always been government and it was a big battle to include the bill of rights as part of the constitution.  The majority didn't trust even the government they had put into place and that is why the 2nd amendment is there.  The founders understood the nature of government, any government was to control.  This was the reason to include the Virginia Bill of Rights into the Constitution.  Times have not change because the words written in the Constitution are timeless.  This is what government does and a fully armed people was the only way to keep tyrants in check..what people have not done and still seem to not be able to do is to Identify the enemy!!

Vote them out next election, and don't forget!!!!

Vote ALl these Good for NOTHING #$%$ OUT!!!.... ALL DemocRATS will be VOTED OUT!!!..... " The Tree of Liberty MUST be Refshed from Time to Time with the Blood of Patriots and TYRANTS "..... Thomas Jefferson. IMPEACH OBLAMER NOW!!!!!!!!!!!.

Pretty soon we will be reduced to throwing plastic bottles at our assailants, after which the police will ticket us for littering.

If Magpul leaves Colorado, it will have a large ripple effect.  Magpul subcontracts with many  smaller business owners and they will also lose their jobs.  When Colorado should be doing everything possible to create and retain jobs, it drives them away.  The Democrats think that these gun controls will impact crime and it will do absolutely nothing except make the Dems  'feel good' about themselves.  Hickenlooper has totally and completely ignored his constituents who have stood up and asked him to veto these laws.  It shows that he is out of touch with the people in Colorado and so are the Democrats controlling the Legislature!  YES, we will vote him out and all of his liberal allies!One can understand it happens in California because they put up with anything.  New York is the same.. But Colorado?  Come on guys grow a pair!!  Do not take this like its etched in stone, march on the capital!!

Accountability is to democrats as chasing women is to Barney Frank.

well that is one state as a hunter i wont be going to I'll spend my hard earned money in wyoming or montana. I encourage all hunters,shooters to do the same.

Well, there goes Magpul.  I wonder where they will relocate!

It's always about the votes, isn't it? It's not about common sense or doing what's right anymore. It's only about votes and extending their time on the public dole.

Hickenlooper's political toast.

Well if the people of Colorado don't vote the politicians out who voted for these laws, then by defacto, they support these laws. If it where me I would do just like magpul and leave that state!

What will be the punishment for Illegal Aliens with weapons there Liberal Democrats?

Goodbye Colorada

Bro. Bloomburg up in NYC got his gun ban law and the thugs are still dropping each other and innocents like flies now he wants to ban big slirppies and hide tobacco products out of sight in all places that sell them. Now my question is this do they find this an acceptable common sense approach to reality, are they following his lead if so look out Colorado your getting ready to lose your big slurppies and cigs..This guy Bloomburg is an effffffen NUT. I guess we'll just have to start calling you little NYC. ha ha ha lmfaoI BLAME OBAMA!

Apparently, the democratic governor of Colorado only wants to punish law abiding citizens because criminals DON'T FOLLOW GUN CONTROL LAWS.

Can't cut spending, but they sure can try to take your constitutional rights away.  Let's try them all for treason!

A question for Gov.Hickenlooper how will these laws stop any criminals? I am sure the gun control supporters would howl if  they were laws against denying another person of their constitutional rights.Wait there is a feral law about three or more people conspiring to deprive another person of their constitutional rights and it is a felony that means if these idiots who took a oath of office to up hold the constitution were charge with a felony and found guilty they could not hold office.Would 42 U.S.C. 1985(3)  apply?

Where weapon bans go,,, Slaughter follows,,,"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." George SantayanaIn 1911, Turkey established gun control.From 1915 to 1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control.From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were cut off from their food supplies and starved to death or rounded up and exterminated.Germany established gun control in 1938.From 1939 to 1945, 10 million Jews and others who were unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.China established gun control in 1935.From 1948 to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Guatemala established gun control in 1964.From 1964 to 1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Uganda established gun control in 1970.From 1971 to 1979, 300,000 Christians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Cambodia established gun control in 1956.From 1975 to 1977, one to two million 'educated' people, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated. In 1956 no one in Cambodia could imagine total confiscation andcitizen enslavement in the "foreseeable future", ... but per capita, more citizens were eventually murdered by their own government than in any other country in history.TOTAL number of defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in the 20th Century because of gun control: 53 million. And this is a VERY low, conservative estimate. Professor R.J. Rummel says it's closer to 170 MILLION

Beware politicians, your power only is strong as the support of your employers.

The governor is NOT a "moderate compromiser" and never was.  He is a democrat.  In modern terms that is the same as saying he is a communist because that is what the DNC promotes.  The people of Colorado were stupid enough to vote in a democrat majority so they get dictator style government that does not represent them.

chickenpooper and everyone that voted to violate our constitutional rights need to be recalled or at least voted out next election.To knowingly make unconstitutional laws is no less than treasonous.If this is allowed to stand -then what rights are next on the chopping block.

Funny, no one EVER reports the thousands of lives saved by civilians using their personal firearms. Every single year!

over 100 MILLION lawful gun owners in the US did NOT harm anyone today.Fight back America don't let the commuinist have their way.

What upsets me is after all the rhetoric, in two years or four years the voters will put these same idiots right back into office.

I can say that states acting stupidly is far preferable than the federal government trying to push these ridiculous gun laws. Let libs live in lib states and conservatives live in conservative states. Live and let live.

NO common sense in Colorado anymore, this used to be a nice state.

Another set of laws passed without thinking about the consequences. DOes anyone think that passing these laws has done one bit of good. If someone wants a larger clip for their semi-automatic, they will now purchase it from another State. As a resident of Colorado I will now purchase additional products in Wyoming so as not to pay the fee that Colorado wants to charge for a background check. Liberals...can't live with em....the end!

It's a MENTAL HEALTH issue. Mental health care in this country is NOT AVAILABLE. LEAVE THE GUNS OUT OF THIS.

Throw him out of office...he's a mindless, obama automaton. Are you people in Col. clueless??

Democrats=loss of rights, not just guns, but the nanny state politics. Dems are done in Colorado

Holding guns responsible for crimes committed with 1 is no different than holding children responsible for child abuse!

How incredibly stupid do you really have to be, to consistently try to punish law abiding Citizens, INSTEAD of the actual perpetrators of the crimes?!!!!!Weapon bans are UNCONSTITUTIONAL,,,"the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."What f'ng part of INFRINGED do you NOT understand???F U Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. and F U 2 prez O banana,,,

yahoo headline "Colo. sheriff refuses to enforce gun-control bills"And this is ANY DIFFERENT,,,Than the FED REFUSING to enforce immigration laws???Or sanctuary cities???This is different HOW EXACTLY???

John Lickin-pooper and Andrew ~H~o~m~o~ of NY should be tried for treason!

IF YOU DON'T BELONG TO THE NRA DON'T COMPLAIN.  $25.00 IS ALL YOU NEED.  IT IS OUR ONLY VOICE

Somewhere, a Georgia peanut farmer is smiling...

A 30 round magazine is not a "high" capacity magazine for an AR.  It is standard capacity and takes less that 2 seconds to change when shooting.  So if the ban is upheld a psycho could carry ten 10 round magazine and still cause lots of mayhem.  I still marvel at the fact these liberal politicians never say anything about all of these shootings taking place in "gun free" zones.  As if the criminal will see the "gun free" zone sign and say, "better not take my guns in there."

Colorado you once had a free frontier state but you have let the left wing and people who should be in Vermont ruin your state.Vote the governor and the rest of these clowns out, tell them to go to Cambridge MA, Vermont or whatever rock they crawled out under. If you do not in another ten years Colorado will be officially known as Western Vermont..Wake up call people......

Don't let them do it! In Massachussetts 20 round limit, in Colorado 15 round limit, California 10 round limit.... and now the best: New York 7 ROUND LIMIT!!! The second someone commits a crime with a 15 round mag in Colorado they will trey to reduce it to 10 rounds I assure you. Give them an inch and they will take a mile just look at New York. This is what they call disarmament screw by screw, round by round.

"Today, we need a nation of Minutemen, citizens who are not only prepared to take arms, but citizens who regard the preservation of freedom as the basic purpose of their daily life and who are willing to consciously work and sacrifice for that freedom."- John F. Kennedy

Coloradoians........if you can't vote these dems out of office, then leave the state like Magpul is doing. Why live somewhere  that your life is put in danger by stupid laws.“The beauty of the Second Amendment is that it will not be needed until they try to take it.”-- Thomas Jefferson

Take away Feinstein's gun license.

Sue to block these unconstitutional laws and when the time comes vote these losers out.

so, I need to have all my purchases made by july 1...O.k.and, this guy has committed political suicide...oh well....

First it's the second, why stop there. I'm sure people disagree with the first or fourth, why not infringe there also? It's only a document written over two hundred years ago, it doesn't apply now.

Liberals   just hate ONE thing... From Obama, to Hickenlooper to Cuomo to Malloy... THEY HATE THE CONSTITUTION and the FREEDOMS IT GIVES AMERICANS!!   They are ALL CONTROL TYRANTS!!   They all must be voted out.. well Obama is going away in any event..he can't run any more... but   WE ALL NEED TO UNITE TO GET THE OTHER THREE OUT!!

They who can give up essential liberty 'OF THE 2ND AMENDMENT' to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety,,,"They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety." Benjamin Franklin

The question is, if the political process fails to rid the state of legislators who defy the Constitution, what are the citizens prepared to do?

In the good old days.....America was the Land of the Free! And then there was Obama! And his Blind Followers! OMG! God help us all!

Well Colorado you laughed at us here in California when our rights were infringed, hows the water now lil froggys?Colorado is now the new New York.

Just Minutes ago, I received an E-MAIL on a Protest. One sign said it Best.. I SAW A MOVIE ONCE WHERE ONLY the POLICE and the MILITARY HAD GUNS it was Called  ( SHINDLERS LIST ) I rest my case

Is Hickenlooper still Governor? With each passing minute he's been there a minute too long.

I can't buy a 20 round clip anymore...gee what a shame....But hey.....I can buy two 15 round clips....hey..that's 30 bullets instead of 20.....Damn.. got to love these brilliant politicians...their like "GENIUSES"

That piece of garbage needs a gun now more than anyone,I'm sure some Colorado boy's &amp; girls are having bad thoughts.

The 2nd amendment is to allow the American people to defend themselves against a tyrannical government. When politicians come for guns give them the Constitution. The sword of liberty must be dipped in the blood of tyrants from time to time.

Guns don't kill people . PLANNED PARENTHOOD kills people.One of the main arguments made in the infamous Roe v. Wade decision is that by making abortion legal, it would reduce the incidence of botched back-alley abortions.  Legalizing abortion would make undergoing an abortion much safer for the woman.  From the growing list of reports, it seems the only thing it’s done is move the back-alley butchers into Planned Parenthood clinics paid for with our tax dollars and into other abortion clinics around the country.

I for one am glad to see right minded people starting to wake up to what the looney-left and dems in general are up to.  Tax &amp; spend, infringe on rights, and tear down long standing American traditions.  All part of the progressive left agenda.  I hope the good folks in Colo send these lefties packin in 2014  &amp; 2016!

See what's happening in Cyprus? Taxing savings accounts of the people up to 10% -in short stealing! No guns in the hands of the people allows this!

Guns are for protection and unless your going to have a policeman follow me around I want the right to protect myself.Remember these communists at election time residents.  get em out.  They just played a role in the weakening of a nation.

Seems to me we should have one of two extremes- Either no guns(pistols and rifles) or require everyone to have AND carry a gun rifle or pistol,your choice.and no this isn't a joke.there are benefits and risks to both!

Two more DEMONIC People Control,  aka ( GUN ) bills. Say what it REALLY IS

"This country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit it. Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government, they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it or their revolutionary right to dismember it or overthrow it."- Abraham Lincoln, 4 April 1861

"No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms. The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government"- Thomas Jefferson, 1 Thomas Jefferson Papers, 334

To my friends who don't believe that "expanding backround checks will not stop criminals from getting guns", how do you propose to keep guns out of the hands of crimnals?

You anti gunners need to try and pullyour heads out of you a*ses, or each other's, and take a look around.  Do you think the police are going to protect you?  NO.  The supreme court deciced that the police are not responsible for protecting any individual.  It the responsibility of the individual to PROTECT HIMSELF.  Good Luck.

I have always had respect for the beautiful state of Colorado. I can only hope that the good people of Colorado, can throw out these stupid laws and see the Democrats for what they are and what they stand for.

Several Colorado county sheriffs have held press conferences to declare that they will not enforce the new laws.  I'll declare this...the next legislature and governor of Colorado will not be Democrats.

gun owners, hunters, fishermen, outdoors people of all kinds should go somewhere other than Colorado for their fun and let Coloradans pay the higher taxes necessary to offset the lost incomeI'm certain that ever thug, killer, and bad guy will obey that law.....!  Yo..Hickenlooper why are you penalizing the law-abiding?

I'll tell you all right now that no one making a private gun sale in Colorado will abide by the stupid background check law.  It's completely unforceable, and a waste of time better spent trying to get jobs in our state.

Godd Bye Mr Hickenlooper!

The laws only work on law abiding citizens, how about going after the gangs &amp; criminals (extra sentencing guidelines using guns - maybe double or treble time in jail; murder - automatic death penalty w/out plea bargaining).

Bye bye  John Hickenpooper!

Well the Senate just dropped their version of the "assault weapons" ban due to lack of support. Guess that should show how out of step the progressives running Colorado are with the rest of the country. Good for the Senate. Wise choice.

Just start the recall election and watch the political mouth pieces run away.

They think this will clear their hypocritical consciences. It may but it will also clear their names from the roster of government representatives including, I'm sure, governorships after the next election.

Oh and by the way, was at the Tanner gun show this weekend with about 10,000 others. i dont think they feel the same way the Democrats do.

It isn't just about guns. It's about fascism.We have already seen the "Supreme Court" playing with Obama's toy's in his sandbox, clearly, "Give us our Liberty or bring on your drones"

This is what the Colorado people get for electing a bunch of liberals. Just wait and see what freedoms they lose next.

The two enemies of the people are criminals and government, so let us tie the second down with the chains of the Constitution so the second will not become the legalized version of the first.

Restricting gun rights will be the democrats undoing - thank GOD!

Kiss re-election goodbye. You sell out punk.

Vote the radical Marxists out before they ruin your state. Of course, it may be too late already!!

I can't believe the pick and choose so-called Constitutionalists that are willing to compromise the rights of the American people. You are NOT American if you do so. Get Real!

Laws do not stop criminals.  Only penalties and deterrents stop criminals; however, the American public are not ready to match their penalties to the American culture.  If you have someone who shoots up a school or even commits murder.....without a shadow of a doubt, regardless of his mental state or whatever excuse they come up with......take him behind the courthouse the day after the crime and televise his execution with a 45 between the eyes.  No long term costs for appeals, no long term care for taxpayers and something to think about for the next would-be criminal of this type........No, the American public are not ready to live out their video games in real life.......so, quit crying and live with the 2nd Amendment as it is.

My Hickenlooper itches....

Great idea Colorado!Plenty of drugs, and now no guns. Sounds like an open invitation for every amateur thug in the country to visit your state.must be lots of cowards in colorado

Colorado, the battle ground. May supporters of gun-control fall to the waste side.  Bang, bang; oops that's clang, clang.

Have the criminals lined up to turn theirs in yet?

This goober reminds me of that Bloomberg parasite.. ugly.

Hmmm, in Colorado they figured out you can't legislate stupidity, now they need to figure out you can't legislate insanity. Think a nut case couldn't tape two 15 round magazines together, or carry two guns. Easier than buying two 16 ounce sodas.

I'd recommend watching 'Innocents Betrayed - The True Story of Gun Control WorldWide 'to lay to rest the gun control issue.

Liberal logic 101, Take away their rights for the safety of all. Your right Coffin Bowie#1, Vote them all out !!!

" It's a frontier state that adopted Buffalo Bill and Doc Holliday as native sons.." Now the adopted sons are run-away #$%$ from every #$%$-hole city in California....Colorado is just East-California now.....bwaaaa!

I just spent a few hundred dollars on MAGPUL products for my AR to show my support for the company that is leaving Colorado do to inept leadership. So Colorado politicians now that you've created more unemployment and lost millions in tax revenue do you guys actually think you deserve to keep your jobs? Or are you going to try author AYN RAND's  idea in "ATLAS SHRUGGED" and legislate that companies cannot relocate or close down and that their patents now belong to the government. You guys lost a good company to bad legislation. Good luck getting reelected.

....sounds like infringement to me.  Check out "Amidst the Noise" on Youtube.  The BBC has a good three part series called GULAG, sad, but informative.  After universal backgroung checks, then they just have to make everyone a criminal, then no guns.  Ask a Native American how this story goes....they weren't subdued over night, it took about 100 years.  The US Gov't is not a kind benevolent father-type, it is corrupt force and the news media sells it. RAND 2016!Your path is clear, vote them all out, and never let the left back in the door again!

Well if i get to make a trip to arizona i will avoid the state of colorado as i want nothing to do with this liberal democrat controlled gun hateing state and the gun owners and hunters elected these democrat wackos so now they suffer for it. No cure for stupid.

Stop going to Colorado for winter vacations! When they see their revenue stream dry up they will realize what a big mistake they made. Colorado now joins the list of unsafe states to visit.

"Republican lawmakers in Colorado say they want the White House to stay out of their state battle over gun control, accusing Vice President Biden of personally leaning on Democratic legislators for their votes in a tight campaign that could change the national conversation on gun rights."Making threats? What do you think?

You don't have to look any further than where the Governor comes from to find out all you need to know.  Face it Colorado, your state will bow down to the left, just as in New York and California .

i hope all those bleeding heart fools lose their jobs. why do they think they have to impose themselves on evry little facet in our lives, from soda size to guns? we are and have been capable of making our own decisions. punish the wrong doers with the laws they already have and leave sane people alone.

See ya Hickenlooper.  Next round you're out of office.  The incompetence of the Crystal Tower Legislators in thinking these legislative measures in ANY way effects violent criminals is absolutely insulting.

Spend all this time and money on metal health, thats the real problem!!

Born and raised in Colorado - have never owned a gun. It's not about the guns we own, it's about the Bill of Rights.

Liberal Democrats couldn't survive in this country 100 years ago without the 2nd amendment.  Americans back then actually worked worked for a living without government assistance. The cancer that spread in California is now spreading to Colorado!Oh politicians, anything for the vote and power even if you sell your soul and convictions

they gunna make you register... then they come for you

Laws are in place already. Enough of gov control//our guns are to protect our way of life foreign &amp; domestic, domestic, domestic. We can not fight a army with shot guns and sling shots---

you can buy on line but the gun has to be delivered to an ffl dealer then you must pass a back ground check before you can get your gun. as least in Colorado.

This a$$clown is no moderate, he is a dyed in the wool liberal. He doesn't value wisdom and logical solutions, he makes his decisions based on willy nilly emotions. Intelligence never enters into it with "Progressive" liberals!

If you haven't already, join the NRA now!  Our money will be used to defend our rights, probably the best $35 you can spend

WELCOME TO AMEXIKA,  LAND OF THE INTERRED.

terrible laws that step on the rights of ownership and The Constitution. Private sales of guns have never shown to be a source of crime. Bad guys steal or buy from the back of the truck of a car. They don't care about laws. Politicians just want to feel good.

On line sales go FFL to FFL and backgroung checks are done. Hundgun sale go through essentially the same routine but must include any waiting time restrictions.

As I see no one else fighting this socialism. Will you not spend $25 to join the NRA???Seems every day I read the news we as Americans are loosingour freedoms a little at a time. When will it stop? Maybe when theyhave our guns and own everything related to every day life

SO it's OK for a prescription drug induced idiot to shoot  ****10**** people.

Taken from “The Atlantic” an article entitled “What Liberals need to understand about “gun guys.”“…Joe Nocera at the Times runs a daily tally of gun killings. He's not running a daily tally of how many people defend themselves with guns. For one thing we don't know about it most of the time. David Hemenway at Harvard is very pro gun-control and he thinks it happens about 80,000 times a year. If that's true, that means that guns are saving 10 times as many people as they're killing. “

Once again for the slow people in the room, background checks did not prevent either Aurora, where the shooter passed a background check, or Newtown, where the shooter failed the background check and just stole the guns instead.But hey, why should laws have anything to do with the cases that supposedly provoke them?  Rational thought is for the little people.

1990 nyc happy land night club massacre 87 people killeda jilted, jealous lover, one empty milk gallon, 2 dollars of gas, book of matches, instant bbq. 87 people deadshould we ban plastic milk containers?Matches?Or gas?a person hell bent on killing, will get it done somehow.

Traitors &amp; criminals have infiltratd almost every level of Stae &amp; federal Government. Time to flush them out &amp; rid rid our selves of thsi trash.

How about if we had to clear a background check every 10 years. And whenever we purchase a gun, we just have to show the FFL our background check license.I will not allow myself to be identified to the Gov't every time I purchase a firearm.

Throw these types out of government !

UN AMERICAN

Slowly our rights are being taken away from us!  I live in Colorado &amp; I am ashamed of our politicians &amp; what they are doing.  This time it is amount of rounds &amp; background checks next time it will be just another thing taken from us.  People who are intent on killing others will get their illegal guns no matter how many laws are intact!Vote them out, if you let this stand then the rest of the Bill of Rights are also in danger.......

Remember why the 2nd was written, think very carefully before you become the reason it was written. Over reaching politicians were the reason it exists.

Democrats did you vote to have your rights ripped away from you ....yup by your own

Boycott! Boycott !  Boycott!There are many many places to visit, where the Constitution is still respected.

It WILL Get UGLY FAST for those who Voted for these ANTI-2nd Amendment Laws!!Liberal Politicians WILL see how fast their Anti-Gun Support Dries Up and Blows Away come Election Day.

All Colorado State Senators and Representatives who oppose the Loopy Laws being considered or passed in Colorado under Governor LoopeyLoop should bend over, with their azzes directed at the Governor and Fart in unison. Let's see how which way he bends in that wind.

Sure is funny how they want to stop the violence,  but NO mention at all , AT ALL, about making sure the doctors report people that are on the heavy doses of Psycotropic drugs that have all but been nulified in conversation about this problem.........take the guns, DON'T FIX the problem.............

Actually folks, neither party is for the average citizens. The politicians are bought and sold by special interest groups on both sides of the political fence.It amazes me however, to see our politicians destroy and erode our constitution little by little.Gun control, Patriot Act, Spying on US citizens, Drone strikes on US citizens, etc etc.Both parties to some extent have supported the above unpatriotic bills.Our politicians should be re-schooled on the oath that they took upon entering their office.

The people voted you into that office. and the people can take you out.

We need to rid this country of full time legislators. This is their carreer and everything they do restricts what we can do. A free country? I think not, almost impossible not to beak a law on any given day of your life. Government already controls through legislation and gun control is the last right they need to rid before they gain complete control. Our forefathers were smart enough to put this in the constitution for a reason.When Magpul leaves the State, it is no longer a "threat."  We will gladly welcome Magpul here in Texas, should they decide to relocate here.  I do believe that their legislature &amp; governor have "shot themselves in the foot."  (Pun intended).

I agree Coffee.  VOTE THEM OUT and teach every gun grabbing career motivated politician a boot in the rear is what you get when you do things like this.  Then block, and sue all their stupid legislation off the books.

That's what happens when you vote in a bunch of socialists.  You deserve everything you get.

Colorado is toast, a lost cause. New Mexico is next in line, to be followed by Arizona. The greedy Californians have left their sinking ship and have infested those once proud States with their lunacy by way of the ballot box. Beware you citizens of the States that border those 3 States, as you will be the next to come under the assault of fleeing Libs. When Co,NM,AZ succomb to the liberal disease, their "enlightened" Libs/Communists will begin to move to your prosperous States, to begin the process anew.

vote them all out . that simple . criminals dont buy guns legaly .

WE HAVE TO VOTE THESE LIBERAL TROLLS OUT ALL OVER "OUR" COUNTRY !

Magpul come to FLORIDA, your presence is sincerely requested. We have a VERY nice home for you here, sunshine, saltwater fishing and so forth. I'll call Governor Rick Scott myself and get this machine moving....OK, NRA, step up to the plate and put out the word on everyone who voted for this madness!You don't blame my pencil because my penmanship is horrible DO YOU???You don't blame my fork if I EAT TOO MUCH!!What has happened to common sense????

The only reason this P.O.S. is in office is because Tancredo got in the game too late.  Maes was a joke...Don't worry, it'll work itself out soon enough.

Limiting high capasity magazines to reduce murders / mass murders is like limiting playboy to 30 pages to limit porn in the hands of children.

CRAIG, IT IS CALLED THE 2ND AMENDMENT.Please do not forget that the "anti-gunners" are great at sending out misinformation in an attempt to scare and confuse the uninformed.  The anti-gunners want us agruing between ourselves instead of educating the general public about firearms.The anti-gunners want the general public to be scared of how firearms are purchased.  They want the general public to be scared of firearms that "look like" military "weapons of war".  They want the general public to be scared of the number of rounds that a magazine can hold.  They want the general public to be scared of how a firearm loads and ejects rounds.  They NEVER talk about what should scare us - those being the criminals, the mentally ill, the judicial system that refuses to enforce the laws that are already on the books and those who are trying to rewrite the US Constituion.We need to make sure we continue to stop the misinformation while get the correct information to the public.

Make your voices be heard at the next election, vote accordly

The Constitution is Short Because all the power we gave the government are listed on it and no were on it did we the people, give them the power to take,modify,or revise our constitutional right to life,liberty,and the right to protect oursefves.

Get off the Dope you idiots in Colorado and pass Jessica's Law

colo. new mexican drug gangs   are making sure they will obey the new gun laws

All Anti-Gun Legislation is brought to you by the Pro Criminal Lobby.

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)."That is an incorrect statement.  A great deal of the damage was caused by the shooters index finger pulling the trigger and the people that were not allowed to shoot back is what lead to so many being shot.

Water down the second amendment, take our guns little by little.  All honest, law abiding Americans should be afraid.

take notice colo. republicans in colo/ for the most part  are going  for new gun laws  not saying  much agaist them

Biden was anointed to lead the gun control task force .Biden says : we need more gun laws for we don’tHave the man power to enforce the ones we haveTHINK ABOUT THAT FOR JUST A MINUTE ?Colorado makes a fortune selling out of state hunting licenses for mule deer and elk. All hunters should boycott Colorado and go to Wyoming where the hunting for elk and mule deer is better anyway.

what hapens when greed   gets in it . people in colo. had a good thing going until they got greedy wanting to make money on out of staters from calif. and new york / they moved in ruinning a once great state

We've found common ground all right guv. It's to make you a commoner instead of one of the political elite next election! C-YA!

"I ask, Sir, what is the militia? It is the whole people. To disarm the people is the best and most effectual way to enslave them."George MasonCo-author of the Second Amendmentduring Virginia's Convention to Ratify the Constitution, 1788

He is there for his own personal gain not for Colorado.

Well is he signing any bills to help with the mentally unstable? I don't see any here.  Is he going to sign any bill that will curb violence in the movie or video games that the children see and use? I don't see any here.  It don't sound like he took a sensible logical approach to me.

If anyone remembers,the large magazine jammed immediately so he shot most people with a shotgun,handgun. Another lie told by the self-serving liberal idiots. VOTE THEM ALL OUT AND SHOW THEM THEY SCREWED UP MESSING WITH BORN/RAISED COLORADIANS

That is what you get when you vote a 	Democratic, Quaker, from Pennsylvania for Gov.John Wright Hickenlooper. Really what did you think would happen? You are stuck with him for six years.

Since they are banning magazines for fireamrs containing more than 15 rounds, making transfers between private citizens illegal or requiring they do background chekcs, perhaps we should adopt similar rules for contributions to political campaigns....No Contributions greater than $15; all contributions must be from registered contributors, who have undergone a universal background check to insure they are not prohibited from contributing; all contributors must be registered voters and cannot contribute outside of their respective districts; any gift contributions between private individuals and/or family memebers must be traceable to the original donor, all the way back to the employers; financial institutions; etc  No one should be able to possess more than $15 at any one time and anyone found to do so could be chargedwith a Felony and imprisoned for up to 5 years.  All withdrawals exceeding $15  from the bank should have a 10%  excise tax.  And, all citizens must apply for and possess a USLIFE Card  imbedded with GPS tracking chip, which will track your every move by the CDSAP [Citizen Drone Safety Awareness Program].  This plan will ensure that all peope are safe at all times and will be coordinated with billboard sized Safety Awareness Screens throughout every city for Safety Monitoring.

Did you Know the Obama administration called local democrat politicians and threatened if they din't vote for this bill that they would run candidates against them?George Soros, Michael Bloomberg, Rahm Emanuel, Dianne Feinstein, Frank Lautenberg, Nancy Pelosi, Richard Blumenththal, Charles Schumer, Piers Morgan, Bob Schieffer...   Colorado politicians have been used by rich gun ban lobby liberals from the coasts.  Some of those liberals are not even Americans.  They must be laughing at the Colorado.

get rid of all democrats next election. Time to clean the slate

2014 - Democrats will be standing there wondering what just Happened, Same as Freedom Loving Americans were when NOBama got Re-elected, Of course as time is proving that was done thru MASSIVE Voter Fraud on an Epic scale.

The Gov. and his Democrat buds in Co. are soon going to be out of work LOL....

When politicians pass these "knee jerk" bills you can bet that our constitutional rights are going to take a hit.

Vote them all out.! They arn't liestening to you anyway!

People in Colorado especially the business man and women should raise their voice to save their businesses.

This idiot overreach will be the best thing that's happened to this country in a long time. Libs should start counting the days until the next election, because they won't have to worry about "transforming America" at all after that...

To all the businesses that want to leave Colorado, Alabama has a ready and willing work force that believes strongly in the right to keep and bear arms. Any takers?

"Lickenhooper"Such ignorance and condescension, even for a "journalist":  "Firearms play an outsized role in the hearts of Coloradans".  But who says "journalists" lack basic knowledge or have an agendas?

Where is hunter thompson when you need him?

The size of the clip is not the problem. I can change a 15 round clip in about 3 seconds and keep shooting. When you hear about worthless #$%$ like this in the media, it's for political spotlighting and that's about all. Guns don't need to be controlled, people do. Have you heard of any politicians coming out and saying they're signing a bill to create family / social help and awareness programs? Maybe some mental therapy or crisis assistance / prevention programs ? How about training parents and teachers to be more aware of possible problems and the warning signs associated with mental instabilities ? Gee, common sense COULD go a long way if people would quit jumping on the bandwagon with all the emotionally hyped finger pointing...

Shew!  Just finishing my Phd. and almost moved the family and business there.  "Dodged that Bullet", so to speak.  Americans for the 2nd Ammend!!!!!!!

PAY for background checks???? Since when did anyone have to pay for a right guaranteed under OUR Constitution...I'm disgusted and saddened. The founding fathers would be moer than rolling over in their graves.

We've been finding common ground for decades. For some reason, the liberals are always 100% fixed in their position of no guns, and reasonable people have been meeting them half way (of what's left) - bringing us closer and closer to doom. Why don't we change the tables a little, go to the edge (propose OTC sales of tanks, SAM's, Gatling guns, etc) and meet halfway from there. That'll get it started back in the right direction.

It has been said that when government starts making laws that are not wanted by the people and are ridiculous or frivolous that people will start to disregard ALL LAWS. We are approaching that point. If law enforcement is hell bent on enforcing such laws we will have tyranny. People need to take this country back in the court houses by finding people not guilty of these ridiculous laws as it seems voting is no longer working.

democrats are more dangerous than firearms!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Do these elected officials not remember the backlash of 1994? You toucha my guns I breaka your face.

Why did thes Colorados vote these idiots in officeI gave a lot of money to Scott Walker in Wisconsin even though I live elsewhere and I will give a lot of money to whomever runs against the slime in CO.  Count on it.

What ever you need colorado !!! Just ask !!! We the people will help you throw out your tyrannical government !!!  DON'T TREAD ON US !!!!

Enforce laws that are already on the books.

The Democrats say they want to discuss this. What they really mean is they require you to agree fully with them.

"...a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)."  No. Wrong. A great deal of that damage was from the shooter. Good lord, people. Wake up!!

Colorado voters put this dem in office.The morons got what they deserved... :)

YEP !The democrats will save the world !!

The voters of Colorado are getting exactly what they deserve.

The problem with what appears to be subtle changes to gun laws start to magnify once you concede those rights to the Democrats. It is how they roll. Baby steps at first, get the populous use to the ideal, then implement more radical measures while they are dulled down. They are all about controlling social and personal behavior.  Control freaks!

I believe there are enough of us Pro Americans that we can become our own Leaders....leaving out these idiot politicians.........and just run the show,...well the way we want it.guns cause crime like cigars made slick willie do monica

Colorado your voted for them now you have to live with them!  When one sleeps with snakes you often get bit.

RATCHAT BACK ....is that anything like infringe maybe ? Gotta love the part about "ACCUSED " of domestic violence ! Mr. Chickenhopper you can run for dogcatcher

Hickeywhooper and his buds are likely to have an employment issue soon.....

Colorado's pissant politicians should have waited a few days; Washington DC can't pass any gun control.  Nice to see Americans draw the line, and say enough is enough from this B*S* administration!!!  This is just the tip of the iceberg; keep the momentum going, and "We the People" can and will take back our country.

Bye bye Dems...didn't learn from the last time you banned guns...we WILL vote you out all of us AMERICANS......this issue crosses party line......

Hey Doc go back and read the entire ruling by the Supreme Court in their 2008 ruling on the DC laws.  They shot all the DC laws down and infringing on the rights of the 2nd Amendment.

Idiots, in Baltimore over 2000 illegal and unregistered weapons were siezed this year from criminals and gangsters.  The murder rate dropped to almost 60% of what it was the year prior.  LISTEN UP, THIS IS HOW YOU MAKE A DIFFERENCE.  Not these feel good policies that fail time and time again, gun control does not work.  Libweenies won't tell you about these statistics.

And now the org. Freedom From Religion wants to take 'in God we trust' off of our money. These backstabbing dirtbag politicians have got to be replaced across our nation, simply for bowing down to the god of political correctness

the fool of a governor and his people (demo's) should be kicked out, but to many liberals have take over for the time being.He could have signed against the 100 round magazines and allowed the 20's and 30's, and folks would have complained and went on.  15 round limit makes numerous stock magazines not allowed.  He lost sight of reality.  Stupid mistake.

"Gov. John Hickenlooper says he supports gun rights But a few months after famously saying the Aurora movie theater shooting couldn't have been prevented by gun control, ..........the self-described moderate started explaining how his thinking changed."Spineless politicians are easily Blackmailed and lead by the corrupt powers that be, because they themselves are corrupt. But corruption has no pathway to blackmail and control incorrupt people or politicians, so you can seperate the lambs from the goats by their actions  and every word that comes out of their mouths...................Hickenpooper is a Goat

You're not fooling anyone!  No right thinking person believes for one second that this will end with enhanced background checks and mag restrictions!

" Use it or Lose it."...

Magpul really needs to go to Wyoming! BOYCOTT COLORADO!

"...include a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes" but not convicted?  Does this mean that that your wife/girlfriend can prevent you from ever buying a rifle simply by accusing you of domestic violence whether it happened or not?  And, if false, it'll cost thousands to get the record cleared. It's scary!

To bad all the "Progressive Liberals" have not figured out that when seconds count cops are minutes away.But then again feelings and "good intentions" are all that matter right?Is there a way we can give the Liberals say California and the whole east coast build a wall and keep them and their disease away from the rest of the country?

I'm going back to Columbine to finish high school.

Size of the magazine is immaterial, I can reload faster than you can react, all this about magazine size if pure hyperbole for the sake of disarming the citizens, and turning us into slaves of the government

If I were a betting man, I would say the next couple of elections will not be pretty for Colorado democrats.Just remember Colorado, you reap what you sow. Magpul, come on down to Texas, we would be glad to have you here.

I hope that MagPul comes to South Carolina. FN already has two huge plants in Columbia and we would welcome new business.As far as the politics of Colorado, beware all, the commies are there.

I have family in Colorado and I can assure you they will have access to whatever they want me to ship to them . I WILL NOT HONOR OR COMPLY WITH NAZI LAWS

Gun control wont stop crime or crazy people but it will stop leftist socialist morons from getting re-elected................

Timothy McVeigh didn't need a gun to kill 127 people...Ted Bundy:125 defenseless women strangled...400 children killed each year by their own parent...it is never the weapon it is the madman wielding it. Throw the bums out of office!

AP morons learn some facts....

The backlash will be felt nationwide.I have voted for every Democrat in every election since Hubert Humphrey, but In 2014 and 2016 I will be voting the straight Republican ticket.Here, we already have one of the cities which is infamous for it's murder rate, some of the most restrictive gun laws in the country, but I never connected that to Democrats, until now.

And when he signs the bills.......yet another state slows kills the constitution

NO NEW GUN LAWS or REGS.....P-E-R-I-O-D........VOTE OUT ANYONE trying to pass them instead of FIXING OUR ECONOMY like they should have ALREADY done..............

People from CO must put an initiative on the ballot, that will prevent all the government from posting any armed security in their buildiings.  No firearms are allowed in any government buildings, and meetings, or anywhere else government is.  Let these self serving agents live the same gun free lives they have selected for their constiuancyDemocrats, I have a compromise. We will agree to background checks for gun buyers if you will agree to background checks for voters........silence

Imagine if others were packing heat in the movie theater or in Newton and were able to get the drop on those psychopath's.  It would have been game over.  No those animals chose a place they knew no one was packing heat.  They chose venues were innocents were congregated.  It's not the guns fault it's not the gun laws fault it's the psychopath who pulled the trigger.  We need a tighter rein on psychopath's in this country.

People say vote them out, I say march on your capitol and just so no, make sure you have your weapons so they know you are serious.

I get a kick out of people like Hickenlooper that say they are for gun rights. What? They only thing these idiot focus on is the control over the gun owner, nothing else will be done. I'm sure all of the nut jobs will follow the new laws.

You can stick a fork in all those politicians who voted for these 2nd Amendment infringing bills.  Their done!

just another nail in the coffin for avoiding the next civil war1

i have way more respect for Doc Holliday then i ever could for this clown. of course you idiots elected him not me. now you've got owners remorse. next time buy Republican.

Time to replace the governor.

Someone does somthing wrong lets make new laws that hurt everyone else that wouldn't have prevented the crime in the first place. Ultimate goal registration of every gun followed by confiscation.

When the next mass murder occurs in Colorado, the politicians will not admit that the legislation they passed was useless and ineffective. They will just propose more useless and ineffective legislation.You'll never stop this with "LAWS".Nutjobs and criminals don't obey the law

Why no laws banning the pills that caused ALL of the recent shootings?

As usual the Liberal Left has misdirected blame on America's lawful gun owners who are in fact the people that hate gun crimes more than anyone.  Any criminal act committed with a firearm no matter how small/large is reflected on shooting enthusiasts by the Liberal Left.  In their infinite wisdom, they don't even have enough sense to realize where the problem comes from much less having any hope (by these self-ordained experts) of resolving the real cause.  Therefore, one can only assume that they are either doing it out of "ignorance" or they have an "agenda"!

Support Magpul for standing up for individual rights. Boycott Colorado for tourism (including skiing) until restrictive gun laws are repealed.

all this ... and yet no discussion of "Gun Free Zones"

stick a fork in him...he's done...Colorado, will be the NEW red state!

The best thing to do would be to pass a law requiring mandatory firearms training in the public schools, in a student's senior year.Here's what the liberals teach about the Revolutionary War. "...There was a disagreement between some of the colonists who wanted everyone to own guns, and their lawful government.After repeated attacks by the colonists, and threats to continue the violence, a decision was made to expel the colonists, which forced them to form their own government..."

so Gov what ever happened to the girl who bought the guns for the Columbine shooters? our Gov is just another Obama butt licker.

If Obama had a son ... Would he look like Trayvon Martin ...A Gangsta Wanna B or Adam Lanza ?

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'" Hickenlooper said in a December interview."Uh, anyone that spends 10 minutes practicing can figure out how to drop and reload a 10 or 15 round mag and get off just as many shots as a 30 round in virtually the same amount of time."Surely, Second Amendment advocates and gun control supporters can find common ground in support of this proposition:"I would say it is very telling when one group is called an advocate for the Constitution, and the other is called a control supporter. So even this dem governor realizes he is going against the 2nd Amendment.In Colo., gun restrictions bring political peril-Your darn tootin Colorado vote out Gov. John Hickenlooper and all the Democrats that voted for this. Vote them all out as soon as possible.

The Colorado cops should take care of that POS trouble maker before something bad happens.

The cancer is speading. Evident in California and New York for years, has been spead by progressives to other target states. Colorado is an ideal target because of the many universities located here. Michael Bennet is such an import.

If I lived in Colorado I would move immediately.

For all of you libs that think these "background checks" are good, make a few searches and learn the facts before you just assume what you think they are. The media make them out to be far different than what they actually are.

Politicians like Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper is why there is a 2nd amendment,,,AND NEEDS TO BE ONE,,,

Wake Up Time. The Socialist will not go unimpeded.

Anybody else see a PATTERN???"Virginia Tech massacre" , 'GUN-FREE' ZONE"Aurora theater massacre" 'GUN-FREE' ZONE"Sandy Hook massacre" , 'GUN-FREE' ZONE"Chicago shootings" ,,,,,,, 'GUN-FREE' ZONE

Time to circulate a Recall list.

thats what you get for letting demoncrats ruin a perfectly good stateIf You are reading this and support what this State and others are doing, YOU are an Anti-American and YOU are the Threat that I and others see as the Enemy, Trust me, Your Day is coming where You will be begging for people like me (A Gun Owner) to save your worthless As*

Colorado used to be a good place to live, until liberals moved there 15 years ago.

The right to keep and bear arms shall NOT be infringed!

The second admendment is not protection for hunting, it is protection from oppression and tryanny of Government.

Politically and moraly Colorado has gone to the dogs.  I put visiting there in the same category as Mexico.

I would think the majority of the Colo. people will vote this idiot out and get somone in that can see the real problem.

Democratic Party platform:1. "It's not my fault." 2. "No, really, it's not my fault." 3. "I just need another chance."4. "It's Bush's fault." 5. "Oh, that's the NEXT President's fault." 5. "You're a RACIST!"

Yeah, Heaven forbid that law abiding Citizens protest having their Constitutional Rights infringed by the knee jerk "feel good" idiocy of the spineless reactionaries.

It won't matter shortly be cause Obama and Kerry have gone to the UN to join the UN gun treaty. Once they do that its over for all of America. Obama was there yesterday. Obama IS going to de-gun us no matter what.

Adam Lanza had 22 minutes before the cops arrived.  He could have fired the same number of shots over the same time period with a bolt, lever or pump-action firearm using NY's 5-shot so-called "SAFE Act" magazines.  The idea a magazine or semi-auto ban could have changed the outcome is a prime example of fuzzy thinking.”By calling attention to ‘a well regulated militia,’ ‘the security of the nation,’ and the right of each citizen ‘to keep and bear arms,’ our founding fathers recognized the essentially civilian nature of our economy… The Second Amendment still remains an important declaration of our basic civilian-military relationships in which every citizen must be ready to participate in the defense of his country. For that reason I believe the Second Amendment will always be important.”- John F. Kennedy

1 step closer to the revolution.

Is anyone listening to me I said surrender your guns or else!

Any politician that votes for anything that violates the constitution should be fired or tried for treason-wether it's a state or fed rep or gov like chicken pooper

Democrats and RINOs will shoot themseves in the foot (so to speak) over their gun control agendas..Watch.

traitor

It brings up the Aurora shooting yet the shooter still breaths the air all of us breath. Gun control proposals will be made into law before the shooter even has to worry about confronting relatives of the victims. Anti-gun agendas are not the answer, swift and severe punishment for this first degree murderer is.

We already have more that 20,000 Gun laws on the books! How about taking real responsiblity and jail or execute the offenders? Leave the law abidding alone!

Liberalism is a shifty doctrine under which a person accepts the benefits from the working class without being willing to pay, and then claims a halo for their dishonesty.Common sense is, once again, lacking in liberal lunatic land. See Jack below for questions (poor little guy).

Looks like I'm going to have to cancel my ski trip to Colorado next weekend.They (those who go after gun rights) will be replaced at the ballot box for pushing this agenda against people that have no inclination to commit crimes, in 2014.

No one seems to wonder or mention the fact that either the news is publishing more news about murders and killings, or, we are murdering and killing more which would only figure since there are more people on this planet since I was born, 3 Billion then..  9 Billion now?  Guns....   One should own one if they feel they need to..  Or because they want to go game hunting...         Guns are inanimate objects until they are loaded and used for the purpose they are made for..        They way I look at it is.  If some one is coming at me with a full auto any thing..   I want some thing equal too or greater than theirs...    Guns are just a vehicle for a few mad people, or correction, mental people who use em on their own...  Unless your breaking into some one else's house...     I wouldn't,some one like me could live there and you wouldn't be alive to tell....   I own shot guns..   But when I got back from Vietnam.   I had the same guns as the CIA...    Got rid of them..      Age has slowed me down....       I'm not too old to die and diffidently too old to make a good looking corpse....       Some out there should think about that.   You maybe too young to die..    Or you maybe old and in the way...     Either way,arm yourselves...      You may need a gun.

Dear NRA,Make those self-aggrandizing civil servants pay the political price for arrogantly violating WE THE PEOPLE'S 2nd Amendment rights. My membership check is in the mail + a donation.

Initial police reports showed that the AR-15 was found in the trunk of the shooter's car at Newtown, yet when those reports were "modified" to suit Socialist political civilian disarmament agenda, the liberal controlled media buried the original reports.

If you don't like it, use your vote to put another person in office.

I would still like to know when 250k illegals marched down the streets of Denver flipping America the bird, and was kept pretty well a secret until it happened, who signed the permit ? Could it have possibly been mayor hickenlooper ???? Surely not, when he emphasized previously in interviews and being asked if illegals worked in his businesses, he replied "gee, really don't know, and until the feds tell me to check, ohhhh well".  Dweebazz dirtbag. You ain't no #$%$ Lamb, and never will be.

LOOK here DEMOCRATS read the comments here! 2nd amendment postings outnumber anti gun by 10 to 1.... Red state Democrats are going to get pounded in the 2014 elections over this, gun owners are furious right now. Obama can try to come to their rescue all he wants, it wont do any good.

Remember the lunatic politicans, dems who work at taking away your liberties and rights, vote them out next election for someone who MIGHT stand up for you!

I moved from Colorado to Texas many years ago and glad I did. First the legal dope thing! Than the Gay Union thing and now the gun rights being violated. It has diffently  become the new state adopted by California. Wow! What is next???By the way we love our guns in Texas and plan on keeping it that away. We also Welcome all gun manufactoring here also.

All I really know is that Detroit and Chicago are doing it their way, no matter what the rest of the country thinks." What goes on in Chicago stays in Chicago".The domestic violence thing was taken care of during president clinton even for misdemeanor convictions you can't own a gun,law enforcement were allowed to have their previous records expunged easily to keep their jobs.

Vote them ALL out of office and restore common sense to Colorado

Liberals know that guns used in crime are ether stolen or purchased on the street.Liberals only goal is to disarm good people.Now you know.Vote them out and repeal the law.

Our way or the highway, tyranny.

which state has more stupidly California or Colorado. TOO close to call, both are full of stupid liberals. I was thinking of moving there from California a couple years ago not now.

OK mr gubernor  and politicians please explain to me how a criminal or any person wanting to commit a crime with a gun is really going to give a flying #$%$ about your gun ban. All the gun ban is going to do is make it easier for a #$%$ to take advantage of an honest law abiding citizen.

Politicians take an oath to uphold and protect the Constitution. I think that if any politician makes a law which is unconstitutional then they automatically become disqualified from their office.

Gun owner doesn't mean gun nut

they can't pass anything against rights, they are committing treason when they try, impeach them.

No way to tell who is going to snap. Good start would be to ban those xbox type programs that brainwash teens about death being temporary and killing others is the best way to show the world that you have balls.I would never have thought that CO was going to be that Liberal.

Just because you would rather you and your family be shot than to shoot your attacker,,,Don't force the rest of us to be,,,

LET US BE CLEAR,,,The second amendment was NOT for HUNTING,,,It is for USA citizens having the freedom and liberty to protect themselves from villains, including the USA govt or foreign govts,,,

After this I would never set foot in CO

I hope there IS "political peril" for these fascist Democrat politicians here in Colorado!  For those outside of Colorado, you cannot imagine the grass roots ground swell that is taking shape here.  I know I speak for THOUSANDS in that we'll do everything we can to ensure Gov. H. is NOT re-elected, and those of us in Aurora will see to it that fascist busy-body, Rhonda Fields at the statehouse, is NOT sent back to the CO State House of Reps. Well over 20 sheriffs in CO have already gone on record saying they will NOT enforce this nonsense.  And thats not including all the petitions and ballot initiatives that are in the works to undo this garbage.  This story is FAR from over, Gov. H.  Its just the beginning, Sir.  You and your Democrat anti 2nd Amendment cronies are on notice.

"Our main agenda is to have all guns banned. We must use whatever means possible. It doesn't matter if you have to distort the facts or even lie. Our task of creating a socialist America can only succeed when those who would resist us have been totally disarmed."Sara Brady

Why do they think if they back down now they wont be voted out? VOTE THEM OUT

Just watched a news video on Reuters (breaking the set)  that said the US govt has just order 1.3 billion rounds of ammo. That's one way to dry up the ammo in the stores, but it won't stop the criminals bring it across the boarder

forced gun control is the undoing of the democrats... its changed my vote!

This guy is killing his chances of ever being elected to anything ever again! Co. won't ever get another dime of my money!!Headline should read, "In America, gun restrictions bring political peril".

The British wanted to disarm the USA civilians too,,, THEY LOST,,,headline "The American Revolution against British Gun Control"

"Americans [have] the right and advantage of being armed - unlike citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms." James Madison

All these IDIOTS are doing is putting even MORE "AMERICANS" OUT OF WORK!!! Same as what Cuomo has done in NYS!!!!And for the record,COMMUNIST CHINA was the 1st country to show support &amp; back Obama taking OUR Guns &amp; OUR 2nd Amendment Rights FROM US!!

Liberalism is a disease of the heart and mind. It is a dangerous and failed ideology that rewards laziness and incompetence, but punishes hard work and success. It is a severely skewed concept of "fairness" that takes from one and gives to another whether deserving or not. It favors special interest groups over individual liberty. It is the entire opposite of what our founding fathers had in mind. It is a system of entitlements that results in supply causing demand instead of the opposite. It is fiscally reckless and morally misdirected. It says it promotes tolerance and equality, but the result is racism and class warfare. It is a false belief that mankind can evolve for the better and that government can socially engineer a utopia. It is a cancer that spreads if left unchecked.

I will vote against any politician that threatens my Constitutional Rights.  If you try to take my guns or any of my gun ownership freedoms, you are my enemy.

If he's smart he will follow the lead set by Reid and not push the envelope!

Rush Limbaugh straightened me out in 1989 I was liberal with a brain full of mush like most liberals are, I stumbled across him on the AM radio and thought this guy is the rudest person I have ever heard, but I kept listening and he made sense and this morning on his show he was making the most concise sense and clear sense I have heard, and liberals thought he would be done with by now!!

Attempts at gun control legislation sweeps Dems out in the next election. Happens every time but they don't get it.

hay democrats the feds. are droping like flys on their gun ban to save their butts , to late for you , bye byeBiden was anointed to lead the gun control task force .Biden says : we need more gun laws for we don’tHave the man power to enforce the ones we haveTHINK ABOUT THAT FOR JUST A MINUTE ?

You can tell this guy H- looper has no gun knowledge. He is just wanting to make headlines and throw his state under the bus. Looking for Senate or Congress.

Libs want to LIMIT rounds a LEGAL gun owner has while they want Illegals to have UNLIMITED votes....

MAGPUL&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;time to leave...come here to Idaho!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

ROPES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Of course politicians want to take away the peoples guns.  They are in power and the civilian populous having weapons is a threat to their power.  It would be much easier to wield power without any resistance from armed citizens.

Let me get this striaght they voted in Weed but now want to limited guns. Boy that Dope must be already working there.

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)."No, "a great deal of that damage" was from an unstable person, not the magazine on the AR-1!5.Please place the responsibililty on whom it belongs. Or is it government  law enforcement as they were not enforcing the laws?

Gun control. The demise of the democrat party!

Loopy and his demorats will be crawling back under their rocks at election time...It could be worse, it could be California, where they are trying to have you tested and registered (for a $50 annual fee) to buy ammunition. And restrict semi automatic hand guns to 1 round clips. Between NewYork/California/ Colorado Ithink we have the absolute stupidest politicians in the country.

Texas welcomes you Magpul :)

The answer is simple, give all the liberals all the drugs they want, and give all the conservatives all the guns they want, this way both sides are happy.

"Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.  So, how is limiting the number of rounds going to keep guns out of dangerous people's hands?  How about mandatory jail time for crimes committed with a gun?  How about the media quits glorifying these whackos so they don't produce bigger whackos who want to make a bigger event?

I played cowboy and indians when I was in the first grade at 5 yr. old so did a 1000's little boys did back then we was never told we could not bring our cap pistol to school back then we never heard of any killing in schools. now it is schools are being so stuiped and our goverment, media, video games. that is the prolbem

Colorado... isn't that where people voted to legalize marijuana?Back peddle on THAT and see how long you last, Hickenlooper!

Sounds like a politician, going the way that won't change the problem but can squeeze more $ from the citizens for pet projects.Why not do something that will actually work....better access to mental health care.

he wont get elected next time.he just shot himself in the foot.

How many people died in the Aurora cinema shooting? As I remember it, the AR15 jammed after 3 shots and a shotgun and pistol were used to further the killing. So, the mere fact that he states that "When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'" Hickenlooper said in a December interview." then he needs to go back and review the facts. So, if this is what he is using as his reasoning for pushing through such legislation, then the people of Colorado needs to elect him out of office for being an outright and public liar.

Nooooooo.... gun laws winch violate the rights of the people of Colorado, by someone who swore to uphold the Constitution, will likely bring prison time to the governor.Vote out ALL of the 2nd Amendment-hating vermin...

This will never go away until all Democrats are voted out.

Somebody should start a movement to vote out anyone from any party who will not sign a pledge to REALLY support the constitution and not try to re-define the constitution to say what they want it to say.   There should also be a way to impeach any supreme court justice who will not do the same.

Gads... And people wonder why I left Colorado, my adopted home where I raised a family, and buried a daughter as well as my Mother. Risked my life for others on a daily basis as a Paramedic / Firefighter, and Mountain Rescue Teck.1: People in Colorado are disarmed completely, not just firearms, when arrested for a Crime of Domestic Violence already. Alright, men are, while women are allowed to plea bargain out of the accusation. The numbers do not lie, period. Official misandry as public policy. Unless you are an illegal alien. That way you will not be deported for the criminal act.2: The background check system is so flawed it is pathetic. In clear violation of the law sales that were generated by these misinformed looming laws took days, sometimes weeks to clear. Completely denying the fact that the criminals simply do not go to a dealer to but their weapons. They steal them, or purchase them from other criminals. A background check on my Grandson when I pass on a family heirloom? Go to H*ll!3: Online classes still require a range test, and this is only a method for those that exhibit mental illness, Hoplophobia, to feel good about themselves while accomplishing nothing.4: Banning magazine sizes will not do anything but inconvenience anyone that has true evil intent.

The country is going broke! can we fix that problem first PLEASE????

"...and to expand required background checks to private and online gun sales."  Private gun sale background check?  Might as well forget about that one.  Background checks for online gun sales?  Don't these buffoons realize that online gun purchases have to be sent to an FFL?  And don't these same buffoons realize the FFL then does a background check?  There is no such thing as an online sale without a background check.

"An Oregon homeowner used his 12GA shotgun to defend his home after a suspected burglar came back to the home to burglarize it for the third time. The suspect had just been released from jail hours before, due to overcrowding, for burglarizing the home."

Make public all the names, addresses, and phone numbers of the socialist politicians who voted against your rights. Call them, text them, write them, e-mail them. In other words, become a living pain in their butts. Remember them when their re-election date comes. It's time to take back out country by the act of voting. If we don't, I can see only one way to take it back. I pray that doesn't happen. Oh well!!!!!!!!!!!!  An armed society are called citizens. An unarmed society are called servants!!!!!!!!!!

BOYCOTT Colorado, do not travel for tourism or buy anything they produce.  Follow suit with all the other tyrannical State governments imposing illegal legislation.

California.  Full of Liberals.  Has Hollywood...  New York City.  Full of Liberals, has the media base...  So how does Colorado fit into this?  Aspen.  Where all the rich liberal actors and actresses have their ski lodges.  CO you've been invaded.  It's up to the rest of you to fight back.All politicians took an oath to protect and defend the Constitution, it appears democRATs never really meant to that once elected.  No politicians was ever elected to vote his/her conscience, their obligation is to their constituents who put them in office, if they fail they should resign or be fired.  Hussein Obama has brought this mentality to the democRAT and like good little #$%$ they follow the messiah's lead.  many Americans do not believe in guns, that is their right, it is also our right to possess a gun, that right is protected by the Constitution, all of these so called gun laws do nothing but infringe on that right.  And democRATs are not opposed to stepping on the rights of others as long as they get their way."My friends, we live in the greatest nation in the history of the world. I hope you'll join with me, as we change it."-- Hussein ObamaImpeach Hussein Obama now!Your fair share is not in my wallet!What does the truth matter - Hitlery.

Just show the politicans how you feel at the polls.

Hi there, my name is Dewey Killum and i AM a criminal..... i am really happy about these new laws although i dont think they went far enough.... ALL  guns should be illegal and people shouldn't even be allowed to have revolvers or hunting rifles...... its just not fair that those of us in my profession have to work under such dangerous environment.

When injustice becomes law,rebellion becomes duty

Another flip floping politician.

Do you think the term "Traitor to WE The People" means anything to any of our politicians?LIKE it or not, we need to overhaul our political arena from top to bottom!

it all sounded sincere until they told Magpul that they could continue to sell high capacity magazines elsewhere... so if these high capacity magazines were part of the roots for mass murdering, why would Democrats suggested Magpul to continue to manufacture and sell them?  Only reason... THIS IS ALL JUST FOR A SHOW.  Politicians, especially the Democrats, didn't really have a solution to solve problems, so they would just find whatever bandages to patch the wound for a quick fix.  However, Democrats chose to patch things with the cheapest toilet paper.

"and a failed attempt to require armed security guards at businesses that ban concealed weapons."  This was the final sentence in the article, the statement alone reflects the kind of thinking these politicians have, boy do I feel sorry for those folks in Colorado who have these clowns as their ELECTED representatives.

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'"James Holmes could have killed EVERYONE in that theater quicker and more efficiently with items he could have bought at Home Depot. The issue is NOT about the weapon, the issue is about the human being.Someone with a larger ammunition magazine does not spontaneously become a mass murderer. This is all the posturings of politicians trying to give the illusion that they are doing something about the situation. If they really wanted to do something about the this kind of violence they would return the power to doctors to commit these people to mental institutions when they become known as hazardous.

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'"How about your home against multiple attackers?  Not that that would ever happen...Making a list and checkin it twice

Gov. John Hickenlooper is a moron. The AR15 was not used in the Newtown shooting. This guy is Gov of a state? What jugheads voted for this moron?

"I won't allow the half of Americans who pay no taxes to bear the burden of the other half who aren't paying their FAIR SHARE!" -Obama

Sandy Hook the deadliest school shootingin U.S. history....? I think not. In 1890 the U.S. Governmentshot and killed over 290 unarmed Indians at school, Including over 200 women and children. How quickly we forget history.They gave up their guns too, Remember that!

Gun Control???  Impossible !!!

The libs just don't get it.  They are too emotional to deal with logic.  Guns don't kill.  What part of that don't they get?  Also, the lawless don't obey the laws.  Try to get that one also libs.  Then take a nap and rest your logic.  Or lack thereof.

i'm pretty sure the criminals just celebrated more gun control laws for people who actually follow the law

The magazine size restriction is the stupidest thing. Fir Christ's Sake I was trained by the US Army and can still, at 65, change a mag in about a second or less. Waht is to note about most of the recent shootings, like Tucson, Aurora , and Sandy hook is that none of these shooters had any training to speak of. If they had their acts would have been much worse. Btw, an AR can not be fired at it's peak rate, anytime. That is a theory rate. In Aurorathe shooter used a hundred round mag which was a savior in many ways, the AR locked up because it was being fired at too fast of a rate. Btw, even an M60 Machine gun can not be fired at it's maximum rate. Anyway a person trained by the Army or self trained could do just as much or more damage with smaller mags. Don't forget no one in that theater fired back at the guy or attempted to charge him. In fact when the AR jammed he simply walked out !

here's some pot...by the way we're taking your guns....how's that pot?

Its not about guns its about control. Soros and bloomberg paid for these dems to get elected and now colorado is paying the price......  embrace the horror of progressive leadershipA conviction for domestic violence is a federal disqualifier for ownership already. Isn't it?

I shudder to think of what will happen to the hunting tourism here in Colorado. These men must be stopped before they ruin our beloved state.

Suppose we all vote to cut your salery in half Governor? How would you like that? You would be crying FOUL, you perple don't have the right to do that! Well you don't have the right to infringe upon the 2nd amendment.

Just wait till the next tragedy...they will take more from the law abiding citizen!

Democrats are trying too hard to control the American People.  After all, gun control is really about people control.  The real issue is why?  Are Democrats planning a radical government-grab in the future, like a Cyrus-like 10 percent government tax on all American bank and investment accounts?It defies common sense to limit the number of rounds that a law-abiding citizen can use to defend him or herself against dangerous criminals, who ignore so-called "gun control" laws.It is better to have too many bullets in a firefight than not enough, and second place in a gunfight sucks.

People of the great state of Colorado it's time to wise up and rise up to take out the trash, all of it!

Any law infringing on the right to bear arms, is an Unconstitutional Law!   The Democrats always over reach in their never ending quest for power and control of the People!  VOTE out all Politicians who go against the US Constitution!   They are TRAITORS to this Nation!

All fire arms makers come on down to texas where you will be welcome.

Knee JERK

Magpul should move to Texas.  The company will fit right in with us.We have lost our country folks, the left has rob you, you're pockets have been picked. Illegal aliens stream into our country at will and Obama encourages these law breaker. All guns will be banned, you will be told what to do and what to think by pervert lovers. I for one would rather die trying to stop them.

Lawmakers in CO are more interested in the rights of criminals than the rights of law abiding citizens. These new gun control laws and the failure to bring Jessica's Law to a vote are just two examples of this. Time to vote these people who are so out of touch with the vast majority of Coloradoans out of office.

Good people obey laws.  Bad people don't.

This is just the start of kissing our 2nd amendment rights goodbye... after that they will start on the 1st amendment, the third and so on and so on until we are the socialist republic of Amerika with no rights at all. Way to go Dems... If/when that happens, I'm all for splitting the US in half, liberals to the west, everyone else to the east.

dems dont care if magpull goes...they are not their voting base...they have JOBS....

And all their warm and fuzzy ideas would save lives in Chicago, etc, how?

check your E-mail Spam for censored information. I believe censoring is being accomplished by selective use of Spam delivery.

Arizona will welcome Magpul !!

Time to vote those chouds out...

No more Colorado vacations for me.Thomas Jefferson was a smart man. What wouldn't he say, if could see the tyranny he feared coming true today? If you don't know, the words republic and democracy are not used as political party terms. The refer to the style of government. Don't bother with the hate mail. I don't read them anyway.1) A Bill of Rights is what the people are entitled to against every government, and what no just government should refuse, or rest on inference.2) No freeman shall be debarred the use of arms.3) To compel a man to furnish funds for the propagation of ideas he disbelieves and abhors is sinful and tyrannical.4) Never spend your money before you have earned it.5)Dependence begets subservience and venality, suffocates the germ of virtue, and prepares fit tools for the designs of ambition.6) The natural progress of things is for liberty to yield and government to gain ground.7) I own that I am not a friend to a very energetic government. It is always oppressive.8) A government big enough to give you everything you want, is a government big enough to take away everything that you have.9) The beauty of the Second Amendment is that it will not be needed until they try to take it.10) Democracy is nothing more than mob rule, where 51% of the people may take away the rights of the other 49%.11) The republican is the only form of government which is not eternally at open or secret war with the rights of mankind.12) All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent.

I am a Colorado resident. We have always welcomed the visitors and vacationers to sample all that Colorado has to offer. Please send a message to these criminal butt heads and stay home this year. We the people must answer the bell and send a strong message that this will not be tolerated.......HOW DARE THEY!!!!!!!!

I want to go on a rampage and kill a lot of people in Colorado, let's say, but these restrictions are going to  make my spree not as effective. When I go on a killing spree, I must do it legally and not have high cap. mags.

JobsGun Makers -- GoneHunting Trips -- GoneSport/Hunting Enthusiasts -- GoneSeeing a trend, Gee Obama, thanks for creating more JOBS...

Liberals/socialists always think they know what's best for the people regardless of what the people actually want.

Any politician standing to deny US citizens their Constitutional rights should be arrested and serve jail time.  Deny someone of race and see what it gets you, this is the same.

MSNBC = the news as it is sent over from the White House. A pro-Obama infomercial 24/7/365.

This guy is a hypocrite as are so many other politicians these days.  When talking about Magpul leave he states, "It is disappointing to us that money and a social agenda from outside the state have apparently penetrated the American West."The reality of the fact is that he is disappointed that he and his cronies will lose money and influence if Magpul leaves.  The legislation specifically outlaws one of Magpu'ls most profitable product lines i.e. high capacity magazines.  So as not to lose the tax revenue and employment provided by Magpul he decided to modify the law to allow them to continue to manufacture an illegal good as long as they sell it out of state.If high capacity magazine are such an evil that they must be banned in Colorado then why would he even want them made in Colorado.  What if someone broke into Magpul and stole these evil items?!  Why would he want to allow more of thee evil items to be made and shipped elsewhere to inflict their evil on the residents of other states?Why doesn't he just allow the manufacture of cocaine, crack, et.al. in Colorado as long as it is sold elsewhere?  You cannot own a high capacity mag but you can make it in Colorado.  You cannot own crack but you can make it in Colorado?  The latter case wouldn't fly but the same logic applied to high cap mags makes sense in his mind.

poeple in colo. it seems must be for new gun laes other wise they would be marching in prtotest at the govnor  manision

Again, Punish the law biding citizen for a few inside jobs.  They will do anything to take our freedoms away from us.  Including false flag attacks to get all of the soccer moms fearful that a big bad man with a gun will take everything that is dear to her.Not going to spend money in Colorado anymore.  Wyoming has good hunting and fishing and would likely take my dollars

"Republican gun ideas were hastily rejected earlier this year. Those ideas included expanding gun laws to allow teachers to carry concealed weapons, and a failed attempt to require armed security guards at businesses that ban concealed weapons."The fact that these laws were rejected prove that they are not concerned with safety or saving lives. Criminals use these safe area to target innocent victims. If they refuse to protect the law abiding citizens after disarming them they should be held criminally responsible if they become a victim in one of these Gun Free Zones.

how can anyone vote for these sick demoncats

When the government fears the people, there is liberty.When the people fear the government, there is tyranny.Thomas Jefferson

Magpul, besides having a very considerable size staff, also employs about 200 smaller company's in their manufacturing operation.Gonna be a LOT of newly unemployed in Colo soon.Thanks to Lib Dems.Hope &amp; Change my a)ss.

Why dont these tyrants let the people VOTE on gun control? Because the people would never vote yes! All gun controll should be left up to the people to decide.

Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.AND HOW ARE YOU GOING TO DO THAT? BY KEEPING THEM FROM LAW-ABIDING CITIZENS?

The constitution of the united states America !! is the law of the land .And a state law can not over ride the constitution !

Maybe they could investigate and give us the facts on Fast &amp; Furious.  I believe this was against the  gun law and someone should be held responsible.

Still treating the symptoms instead of the disease.Until the underlying cause is addressed these things will continue to happen.WE NEED CRIMINAL CONTROL NOT GUN CONTROLIt's hard to find common ground,when dealing with someone who knows nothing about what he is saying.Large magazine on the ar-15. according to the police the ar-15 was in the trunk of the car.Did the Police lie or is the gov. misinformed ?

"In Colo., gun restrictions bring political peril"That's what happens when you mess with the 2nd Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America.

"...Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.Ahhh yesss, like Obummer's gestappo (the ones that would defend that dictator wannabe and his enablers) for instance!  The rest of us need all the firepower that we can muster (large clips, cases of bullets, and semiautomatic rifles) to keep Obummer and his tyrannical enablers from becoming COMPLETELY TYRANNICAL!  'Nuff said...

i like how these Democrats continue to commit political suicide. They learned nothing from Gores fall from power..  Fools

MAGPUL, Montana would be a welcomed state for you. Also TEXAS.

Looks like alot of people will leave their cushy government jobs that they have who do not think they have the obligation to represent and not dictate to the people who allowed them to have this much power. Let's start with the governor of coloradeo. The PEOPLE give them power and CAN take it away!!!!

Now Colorado residents should know why it is so important to elect officials that share the views and opinions of it's people. Not the winner of some popularity contest.

Coloradoans rue the day they let the first smelly hippie from California into the state.  They ruined CA and they will ruin CO.

Another once proud freedom loving state now run by patsies.

You won't have money for weed if you lose you'r job because the firearm company you work for moves away. Just sayin..."Gov. John Hickenlooper says he supports gun rights."Remember, every Democrat claims to be a "moderate." Most even claim to support the Second Amendment.Do not believe them. Given a chance, all but maybe three or four throughout the nation will vote to take your guns.

The problem starts in the libtard public schools. They brainwash the kids into liberalism starting at an early age. They teach them that the flag is meaningless, christians are evil, and yet they tell our kids that the muslem religion is a peaceful religion, 9/11 was america's fault, the military only kills civilians, abortion is good (killing babies), replaced GOD with government, parents are only a means to more freebees and the list goes on and on. If something should be banned it should be liberalism, but then it is probably a mental imbalance. Just listen to Coumo, Bloomberg, Pelosi, Obozo, Feinstein an many others in this (N) azi movement.

This should end the politcal careers of a lot of the commies now in office.

Obama is straight from Hell ,he is deceitful, there is book that I bought called Rules For Radicals by a communist named Saul Alinsky inside the front cover it is dedicated to Luciferon the back it is endorsed by Barack Obama and Hilldabeast Clinton!

Wow, they want to limit the size of the magizine. This will pertain to the new oes manufactred. The law abiding citizens probably will turn in the outlawed magizines, maby, those that want to use the weapons illegally will keep theirs.This just goes to show that their main ide is to totally disarm us by doing it in steps.

enjoy the days you have in office , can't see you being back there, after they vote you out

"Coloradans" sold their collective soles to the Dems a few years ago...EVERYTHING comes with a price....

One can only hope come election time they remember this day rather than the political BS that will be spewed just to get them to re-elect them. They have an opportunity come next election to send a message nationally " that our rights shall not be infringed "

Well, Hello!  Do these political types not recall what happens every time you attempt to remove people's ability to defend themselves?  The get voted out of office, and quickly!  What is going on in Colorado is simply amazing.  The comments that are being made about women, and their ability to defend themselves from rape.  The attempts to regulate weapons and ammunition.  One wonders if the legislature in Colorado has not taken the new deregulation of pot a little too seriously?  The bottom line is, those elected are acting contrary to the stated will of the people, and there will be consequences as soon as they are up for reelection.

This is about the same thing as scratching my A $ $ and doing nothing about the real problem. It's Mental for all you Politicians that haven't the scruples to deal with the truth.They global elite are in your face and have launched all out war against the people and laughing all the way to the bank. People...are you waking up yet?

Nobody can make a case that these gun laws will make a difference democrats and liberals just want to take away guns because 1) It's a threat to them and 2) They know as long as people arm themselves they get tell people what to do

Hickenlooper and these gun grabbing democrats are history.

actions have consequences....hope you are booted soon, Governor.

Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God! - Thomas Jefferson

All politicians should take note. We the people will vote you out if you are stupid enough to believe that you can force restrictions on the law abiding as a way of controlling crime. We the people know you can not control crime by controlling the law abiding. The only method in hundreds of years society is to control the criminals and the insane. See how much (Schumer/Bloomberg) money will save your jobs now.Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.Benjamin Franklin, Historical Review of Pennsylvania, 1759US author, diplomat, inventor, physicist, politician, &amp; printer (1706 - 1790)

Guns don't kill......people do! Mental health is a part of the problem this has never been addressed ANYWHERE! I've had a gun in my house for 42 years, IT'S NEVER BEEN FIRED...doesn't matter how many bullets it can  use!

TRAITOR SLIME

and this mess suprises who???america is in trouble....no longer do the people we vote into office represent us....the "vote their concious" or have some huge rethink after they get in office....we need a faster way to recall politicians...fire them...when they refuse to represent us in a fashion that they promised to do to get elected in the first place....and sorry libtards this gun thing just isnt going to happen.....you can carry all the mispelled signs around you want....but america is NOT going gunless....not going to happen....america might turn into two countries and I am fine with that....but the immoral, worthless weak liberals are NOT going to take our only defense against tyranny away from us....maobama represents NO ONE....he is in this for himself alone....and you morons are giong to figure this out way too late...some time after all your free money stops coming in....maobama is on record saying the american poor have way too much money and perks...and none of you idiots watched 2016...the movie, so you just dont know this....you hide, you wish, you hope but you wont read,,,,you wont find out who this guy really is....you just walk to the mailbox for your free money....he bought you cheap and you are going to pay dearly for it

Enough of this garbage....You people that are anti gun, you are living in the wrong country go live in Japan or Mexico or any other country that you think a gun ban &amp; gun control is a safer place to live.  Do your research. Never Ever Bring a Knife to a Gunfight.  Never depend on anybody to save your life but your own #$%$ unless you wear a skirt and you bend over to do favors for protection :/And after all this is done, there will still be nothing in place to keep guns from the hands of KOOKS like the Aurora Shooter or the Tucson Guy.  Such a shame that the democratic legislature squandered this opportunity.  And the next time something like Aurora happens, they'll shrug their shoulders and blame the NRA and Republicans.

Expand background checks to online sales?  When you purchase a firearm online it is sent to your local FFL dealer. Who then, by law, has to perform an NCIS on you BEFORE transfer.

"Republican gun ideas were hastily rejected earlier this year. Those ideas included expanding gun laws to allow teachers to carry concealed weapons, and a failed attempt to require armed security guards at businesses that ban concealed weapons."The "common sense" gun laws get rejected out of hand while the confiscatory laws get passed. Makes perfect sense to the fascist demonrat governor.

Feel sorry for NO ONE when Magpul leaves Colorado. Why? These people will not be moved to action except to go to the unemployment line, complaining about how they have unjustly lost their jobs. They will rant a little, then do nothing out of the typical ordinary #$%$.The state will feel this even harder though. Why?Those people out of work will file for unemployment. The state will lose that money, plus the money from taxes and other areas this company generates money. The transportation, food, service, and entertainment industries in their local areas will not receive the amounts of money each month.What has been done by Magpul, and the people of that company? They have had their lawyer make up a very well worded document outlining the unconstitutional vagueness in many sections of this bill. These vague sections not only cannot be enforced, they are not enforceable. The attorney's for Magpul have done a very good job of putting this all in writing.The rest of you, well you either fall on one side of this fight or the other. There is NO COMMON GROUND here. We will not relinquish one inch in this fight from the grassroots level to the highest paid lobbying put out by the NRA and other firearms rights groups. Why do we fight so hard? Because once we lose these rights or permit them to be infringed, the First, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Amendments will fall then ALL OF US will be deep in trouble. Yes, this is a slippery slope. Yes it is provocative speech designed to get you all off your #$%$ and get out and DO SOMETHING like the rest of US trying to fight this.What am I doing? I have a few firearms. I go to school. Many students have no real experience with firearms, nor do they much understand them or what they can do with a good person holding them. We go to the range, we teach and learn, and WE SHOOT FIREARMS with standard magazines, AND high capacity magazines. we shoot pistols in 9mm and .45, and we shoot rifles in .223, and .308. Then we shoot the SHOTGUN! Oh those 3" magnum slugs do a number on weak shoulders, but the sense of empowerment in a girl's eye when she sees what she can do with the AR15, AND the Benelli is OUTSTANDING.The girls, well they usually tear it up with the AR15 because it is so easy to shoot. The guys like the shotgun. The kids who are anti gun when they get the invitation, well, they support firearms rights after a range trip and a day of fun.

For several days now, WND has been hounding Barack Obama’s campaign about a statement he made July 2 in Colorado Springs – a statement that blew my mind, one that has had me scratching my head ever since.In talking about his plans to double the size of the Peace Corps and nearly quadruple the size of AmeriCorps and the size of the nation’s military services, he made this rather shocking (and chilling) pledge: “We cannot continue to rely on our military in order to achieve the national security objectives we’ve set. We’ve got to have a civilian national security force that’s just as powerful, just as strong, just as well-funded.”and now the effort to eroded the second amendment ,when someone says something like this we need to consider it a threat.

Colorado used to be a great state. Now it's infested with Communists...feel sorry for those who have lived there all their lives and enjoyed the freedoms the state used to be associated with.

Buffalo Bill was never a gun slinger. He worked for the Poney Express and shot Buffalo for the railroad. He also was quite a showman when he headed a Wild West show later on in his life. The authors obviously confused Buffalo Bill with Wild Bill Hickoch who probably never was in Colorado. Very stupid and obvious mistake.

who elected these politicians? the same people the politicians are ignoring by passing bills, laws and measures the voters do not want. we have to take our country back from these politicians that vote against the wishes of the people.

I'd say the GOVERNOR'S Political aspirations may be going out the window !!!!

"The greatest danger to American freedom is a government that ignores the Constitution."Thomas JeffersonThird President of the United States.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Goodbye in 2014 !!!!!!!In Aurora the "large magazine" on the AR was a beta Mag.  It was a truly high capacity magazine.  Think that was the 100 round beta too.  It also failed and jammed the rifle almost immediately (as these seem to do more often than not) and Holmes used his shotgun to do most of the damage.

As an out of state hunter that has hunted in Colorado 12 times I call on all out of state hunters to boycott the state of Colorado, I for one will never hunt Colorado again. I and 3 other hunters in 94 were having a beer in the White Horse Saloon Craig, Colorado and the lady told us hunters make Christmas a little better by hunting in the state. Just can't bring myself to support the state again.

they are all a joke

Shocker, another Yahoo article with misinformation:  You already have to pass a background check to buy a gun online.  It's called using an FFL.  Please stop putting out lies.

I sure hope Colorado's constitutionally-minded citizens do not let what happened to California happen to their state.

How come all these dumases say I support gun rights,,, then the idiots pass a law banning weapons,, are they that stupid.. #$%$ down my neck and telling me its raining?

We the People - I do not feel sorry for those who voted for the libs in the last election.  They reap what they have sown.

"Shall not be infringed".

gun control is like an opportunistic infection it leaves you at the mercy of those who would take from you at the point of a gun, see Chicago, Detroit, New Orleans, all big gun control areas yet very high in gun crimes. Democrats fail to see this.

We should be skeptical about giving the Justice Department more laws to enforce" when it's not enforcing current ones just remember CHICAGO is a GUN-FREE "Utopia".... pay no attention to it being the country's murder capital 8 of the past 15 years.... i guess the criminals who carry guns in chicago didn't get the memo that theyre not supposed to have them in that cityIn Fla. just yesterday, they found a lot of explosives in a dorm room that a student took his own life in. Folks they can take the high capacity mags. away, but they can not take the knowledge away to build a bomb that can do one hell of a lot more damage then a 50 round mag. If some one wants to kill a lot of people, they will just change there weapon of choice. Just saying!!!

Bring your Manufacturing Plant to Michigan. Our State will welcome Ammunition Makers and Firearm Manufactures. Michigan will protect the Constitution and protect the rights of its citizens to own and bear firearms.

He is wasting time and money fighting guns when he should step up and fight for higher sentencs for those using guns to comit crimes. News media needs stop giving some stories so much attention as it enables some attention hunrey fools to comit violemt acts just to get time on the news.

government wants honest people disarmed so when they take away the rest of your rights they will have less  resistance !

There's an amazing Oscar winning movie where citizens were disarmed and only the police and military had guns.  It's called "Schindler's List."

Any DemoCRAP that is in office and against my 2nd amendment rights also needs to forego any bodyguards that carry guns to protect them. The same goes towards protection for their family. Only way I will lose my gun is when it is taken from my dead hand.

Hickenloopy and all of his posse' can start checking their cereal every morning......

A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state,the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringedThe most significant words in the Second Amendment are"being necessary to the security of a free state"

Hickenlooper is polishing his democrat credentials in hopes of higher office in the future.85% of Americans DONOT trust the US government.

"Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people,"   This would be a great idea if it could actually be carried out, but then we know it's the crooks that use them that don't follow the law and will always, no matter what, will have access to guns and anything else they want to use in crimeHey governor - how about a VOTE BAN for you and your liberal hacks in 2014 &amp; 2016, eh boy?

Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.   Wake up dumb  A.   S.   .S  CRIMINALS DON'T OBEY LAWS!

The Colorado politicians know that if you disarm the peasants, the predators will just go away. That makes sense.....I guess.

PSST...HEY!...GUNOWNERS---let's just be like the illegal mexican aliens---too many of us to prosecute and send to jail , so---they changethefkn laws!

Today in other news, Law makers voted to completely ban the State of Idaho claiming that if you laid the state on it's side it "resembles a gun".

OK, let's review. I believe it is already against the law to take a life, reguardless of how it is taken! Now we have the fact that our 2nd Ammendment gives us the right to bear arms and shall not be infringed on! Maybe this governor wants to re-interpit things, wonder how he  interpits the Bible or a baby's life? If the American people need a firearm to keep them free from a corrupt goverment I don't think the 2nd Ammendment meant one gun or one bullet! Now let's take into concideration the fact that there are millions of the 20 &amp; 30 round magizines already out there, whats the point? If a 20 round mag is used in a shooting does that mean the bad guy (or gal) get 5 more years on their sentence? Dead is dead for the the people that get shot or stabed or killed by a bomb or run over by a car or burned up in a fire. The problem is not the tools these fruitcakes are using its the fact that their nuts, or wasn't raised up right, or very mad at somebody!

Why dont republicans shout to the hills 'I HAVE HAD ENOUGH AND I AINT TAKING IT ANYMORE

Criminals rejoicing in Colorado; they will have the fire power, and law-abiding citizens are left to fend for themselves.......

Vote Liberal, lose your guns and your freedom.

Anyone infringing on our rights ought to be in fear of their lives, and the lives of their families.Once the sane citizens of Colorado realize what this move is costing the state in lost jobs and revenue, they'll vote these politicians out of office.

These people (politicians) mistake democracy as being a system dominated by popular vote, which is only partially true. It's a system that deferrers to Liberty. The "minority" still has all their rights after an election they had before. Inasmuch as they loss those rights, democracy is diminished as well. And, if the democratic part opposes the Liberty part, Liberty must prevail--by any means necessary....

How does it feel Colorado to have been Californicated by a bunch of dis-placed Democratic Californians. You have just had one of your liberties taken away from you and shoved up your #$%$.

You don't "compromise" on the Constitution....

You either believe in the US Constitution and the Bill of Rights or you don't.  If you do not you are an enemy to be dealt with.  Life is hard.  It is harder when you are stupid.

Liberal is PC for SocialistsProgressive is PC for Communist

Hope this spreads like poison ivy across the USA... No infringment...

Some one should have performed a background check on a "community organizer" from "Hawaii".  And maybe we should have placed a limit on high capacity lies that seem to be the most damaging and continuously hitting danger coming from said "organizer".

Texas and South Carolina offered to pay Magpul's moving costs.. $83 million in tax revenue will be out the door in Colorado. Gun manufacturers in gun control states should all look elsewhere .

Ban Colorado from all your travel plans!!Taking guns from law abiding citizens does not protect law abiding citizens. It only protects the criminals.

To take away a persons gun rights because they were accused of a crime IS CRIMINAL!

The best way to counter this so-called law by this so-called governor is with the pocketbook, don't support anything or business that supports these so-called laws.   Hunters find another state to hunt in, tourists by-pass Colorado.

The government is so corrupt.  They steal our money, dilute the value of our money, destroy our healthcare and systematically whittle away at our constitutional rights.Disarm us?  Kiss my backside...

Hickenpoopy is going down in the next election. Unless of course, Osama appoints him as some high level czar, which is why he's doing all this to begin with.

"Today, we need a nation of Minutemen, citizens who are not only prepared to take arms, but citizens who regard the preservation of freedom as the basic purpose of their daily life and who are willing to consciously work and sacrifice for that freedom."- John F. Kennedy

Everyone, let's unite around this President and let him continue his work:) 7.7% unemployment) $16 trillion debt and rising) worst economic recovery in US history) $4 a gallon gasoline and rising) food inflation) highest poverty rate since 1983) record number of foreclosures) record number of Americans on foodstamps) home values destroyed

Ever notice that when a democrat says he supports gun rights it is almost always when backing more gun restrictions that will have no effect on criminals or crime?

If we appy the "common sense" Leftist agenda for gun "safety" to all products, All cars would be limited to the speed limit.  No alcohol, drugs, tobacco, or sugary products could be made or sold.  No one could board a plane without a parachute.   No one would be allowed to own a hammer (hammers were used in more murders last year than rifles. It's an FBI FACT.)

Get it to the Supreme Court. before Obama gets a majority of Traitors to the Constitution in there.Why do so many Democrats want the Government to be their babysetter?

Gov. John Hickenlooper D-Colorado is the ENEMY of the USA constitution,,,And thus is the ENEMY of America,,,

There needs to be an American SPRING,,,

Obama and his merry men who support gun control...are going to be hung out to dry. Get ready for Shellacking part II in the senate.

Ask Obama if Chicago is Safe, How about Southern California?What do these two places have in common? Strict gun control. Funny right?The citizens don't think it's funny, and if law abiding citizens can't get a concealed carry permit much less a gun you would think that stops the criminals right? Because we all know they go down to the store, and wait in line for a background check, and when they have a felony or a record someone just clears it and hands them a fire arm...Washington, and all politicians need to get a clue!

VOTE the gun grabbers OUT of office.  They don't represent the people.

I hope every Liberal in Colorado gets assaulted and get what they deserve!!

"Gun bans don't disarm criminals, gun bans attract them." Walter Mondale

How many MORE defenseless victims have to die because of WEAPON BANS???The only way to protect victims,,,IS TO ARM THEM,,,

The govt is preparing for war against its citizens,,,You better prepare too,,,yahoo headline "Homeland Security and its cache of bullets""The Homeland Security Department wants to buy more than 1.6 billion rounds of ammunition,roughly the equivalent of five bullets for every person in the United States"Prohibition on guns,,,The criminals will love it,,,Just like they loved the prohibition on alcohol,,,And are loving the illegal drugs,,,

Did the new USA govt collect all the weapons except for well regulated militias after the constitution was ratified???NOPE,,, NEVER HAPPENED CAPTAIN,,,That should tell you everything you need to know about the 2nd amendment,,,"

Gun control laws are getting you SLAUGHTERED,,,

IT IS ABUNDANTLY OBVIOUS,,,When you disarm victims,,,You get more victims,,,"

Can IMPEACHMENT be far away???yahoo headline "Could Obama be impeached for taking action on gun control?"

"the self-described moderate started explaining how his thinking changed."  it changed cause of MONEY!!!!!!

Move to Mexico,,,They have weapons ban,,,It is working great there,,,

everyone in the state legislature has violated their( oath of office) to protect the constitution when they voted for gun-control!!!!!!!!!

"...how his thinking changed..."He lied.

Dems are going to get their azzes kicked in 2014. Bye bye to the black female democrat that came up with the 15 round magazine law. You are gone lady.The beauty of the second amendment is that it will not be needed until they try to take it away. Thomas Jefferson

I WILL NOT VOTE FOR THESE IDIOTS !

When will Libs understand that people kill people, guns or no guns? Slaves were forbidden guns and education for a reason....CONTROL

"According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, one in three black men can expect to go to prison in their lifetime."Intern the gangstafricans like FDR interned the Japanese and crime rates will see a HUGE drop,,, and all the other races will appreciate it,,,

Criminals &amp; crazies don't give a shitabout your f'ng gun control laws,,,Laws won't stop BULLETS,,,No gun control law will stop criminals nor crazies,,,Only your own weapon will,,,

Hickinstupid is no more a moderate that I can fly. Vote him out and his left wing cronies too.

I am closing my biz and taking my jobs to Texas.

He's going to look like a #$%$ idiot now that Feinsteins bill has been thrown out by harry Reed, It will not get a vote. source The Washington Times 3/19/13

Vote 'em all out!

oh dont worry, everything well be all right, you dont need a gun in Colorado, here take a hit of this. now thats better.these democrats are gonna feel some pain when the next elections come around!

“It is the duty of the patriot to protect his country from its government.” - Thomas Paine (1737-1809), American Revolutionary, US Founding Father and Author

Hard to believe that citizens of Colorado have let the progressive liberals in Denver take over their state.

same hand gesture as Obama

"Firearms play an outsized role in the hearts of Coloradans..."Oh jeezis. That's a statement of bias, right there, and ANOTHER attempt at pushing a narrative.I can't wait for you dinosaurs to finally drop dead.

Fetus need the right to a AR15 so when the liberal abortion doctor comes with his forceps to get them they can fight back!

Magazines caused the "damage"?  Funny, I thought it was the psychotic piece of #$%$ who attacked dozens of innocent strangers. Hickenlooper is an idiot and he is costing the state of Colorado jobs and revenue with his political flip flopping.

░█▀▀█▌▐█░░█▀▀█▌░█▀▀█░░░▐█▀▀█░█▀▀█▌░██▄░░██▄██░██▄░░░██░░█▄▄░░▐█░░█▄▄█▄░█▄▄░░░░▐█░░█░█▄▄█▄░█▄▄█░█░█░█░█▄▄█░░▀█░░█░░░░▐█░░█░░░█░█▄▄█░░░▐█▄▄█░█▄▄██░█░░█░█░▀░█░█░░█░░▄▄░

All those Californians that moved to Colorado is influencing all these stupid laws! If you don't like it move or move back to California!!!!!

If Obummer and his friends are so arrogant that they think they can get away with this "control" BS, they really ought to think again! King George III's arrogance got him a real whoopin' and these arrogant better-than-thous aren't above getting a little street justice from the oppressed BECAUSE THEIR PRESENT TYRANNICAL BEHAVIOR IS EXACTLY WHY WE HAVE THE SECOND AMENDMENT TO PROTECT OUR RIGHTS FROM THE LIKES OF THEM! ‘Nuff said...Treason for all who oppose citizens constitutional rights.

See what happens when ignorant liberals leave astate they already destroyed like California and move to Colorado, It's like a damn virus. A virus that needs to be eradicated

Goodbye gov !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.It can be repealed.

For several days now, WND has been hounding Barack Obama’s campaign about a statement he made July 2 in Colorado Springs – a statement that blew my mind, one that has had me scratching my head ever since.In talking about his plans to double the size of the Peace Corps and nearly quadruple the size of AmeriCorps and the size of the nation’s military services, he made this rather shocking (and chilling) pledge: “We cannot continue to rely on our military in order to achieve the national security objectives we’ve set. We’ve got to have a civilian national security force that’s just as powerful, just as strong, just as well-funded.”and now the effort to eroded the second amendment ,when someone says something like this we need to consider it a threat.

Stop the criminals not the law abiding citizens.  I honestly don't see how this will stop the crazy people from murdering the innocent.

Your about to be fired for politically opportunistic legistlation that has little common or moral sense.

The clock is ticking, kiddies.  It starts with the abrogation of peopel's rights in small, insignificant increments.  It starts small and slowly gets bigger.  At first, you are told you are "over reacting"... but then they take a little more... and a little more... until it is too late to get any of it back.  The time for a revolution is coming... that ball is now rolling.  The question is: how far will we let it go before we act?  Freedom was not won by debate.  Freedom is not maintained with talk.  But freedom can be lost that way... taken away with a smile and a pat on the head.  Get ready.

As a gun owner there is ONE I can get behind.The one REQUIRING that you show up in person for safety-training for a CWP.IF you can't spare the time for the course, WHEN are you going to have the TIME to spend on the range to become proficient, and if you are NOT proficient, then you should NOT be carrying a firearm.

Watch as dumocrats ERODE  our rights away what part of the bill of rights do they not understand?

Hot off the wire,Senator Diane Fienstein  and the rest of the damm stinking liberals just got #$%$ slapped by a junior senator from Texas.  Libo gun rights advocated surrender.  They will not put assualt weapons ban in their so call proposed gun bill.  Thank you Ted Cruz for bring a breath of sanity into the lunatic assylum know formally as the United States SenateHe votes it in, you vote him and others like him OUT!!!

Too bad these demotards don't try to regulate the pro first amendment news agencies, making dishonest news illegal, But then demotards would never get elected if the masses and the uninformed voters new the truth.

No matter what the laws are concerning gun control, the criminals will always out gun honest law abiding citizens.  I've visited Wild Bill's and Calamity Jane's grave and I'm sure they are rolling over.  Barak is a  person with drones and he's had no background check and look how many women and children he has killed.

Do you need a background check to steal guns during a burglary? Burglar's and druggies be sure to check with your lawyer before stealing firearms. Especially high-cap mags! We cannot have you in violation of the law now can we?

ANYONE who infringes on your second amendment rights should be voted out of office.  WHY?  Because they won't stop there.  Democrats are all about bigger government, more regulations, less freedom and higher taxes.  THAT is why they want gun control.

To many people from liberal states have moved here.  They can't be content screwing up those states, they want to screw up all the states.

Those of us watching Obama closely know that he promised to create and arm a new domestic army equivalent to the military. It has been happening right under Congresses nose without a peep. Now finally we see some concern. We can only hope this concern is sincere and won’t disappear when NJ Congressman Leonard Lance returns to DC.the DHS is ordering bullets and armored vehiclesJune 2008 Obama said in a speech in Colorado Springs we need a civilian military stronger than the military we have now!

The minute he signs this bill someone will challenge it in court, but for the employees of Magpul Industries they will know who to blame for there job loss

As we read this, Illinois House Speaker Michael Madigan is attempting to ban semi-autos and people will have a short time to get rid of their stuff or suffer a felony arrest. Madigan can't get his bans out of committee so he uses an old bill that didn't get passed and rewords it. HB1156 is from 2011. Every couple days he brings it up for vote with different amendments.

The governor worries about political peril...yet the gun free school zones and repeat criminal offenders are the true peril of the public.Dems should mind their own when it comes to the constitution, stop trying to change the world to benefit themselves.

The Republicans took the fight to Al Qaeda and the terrorists.The Democrats took the fight to the law-abiding American citizens.

"More predicted political repercussions for Democrats" .....hehehehe another democratic  politician seals his doom. Hopefully he won't do much more damage until he gets thrown out on his ear. There will be a pro gun Governor in Colorodo come next election.

He would raather have Bloombergs money for the short time he will be in office and not the best interest of the citizens of Colorado

The gov' colorado is just kissing Obos and finestines #$%$ . that's all .

"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."

So let me get this straight if I'm eating Lucky Charms and you take one of my marshmallows and I kill you with my spoon, the spoon is in trouble?? Just wanted to make sure I understood.

SECOND AMENDMENT-WikiAs passed by the Congress:A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.As ratified by the States and authenticated by Thomas Jefferson, Secretary of State:A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.[13]*****NOTE: "The Second Amendment is the only amendment to the Constitution which states a purpose.[14]" WikiSUPREME COURT-WikiIn 2008 and 2010, the Court issued two landmark decisions to officially establish an "individual rights" interpretation of the Second Amendment. In District of Columbia v. Heller, 554 U.S. 570 (2008), the Court ruled that the Second Amendment protects an individual's right to possess a firearm, unconnected to service in a militia[5][7] and to use that arm for traditionally lawful purposes, such as self-defense within the home within many longstanding prohibitions and restrictions on firearms possession listed by the Court as being consistent with the Second Amendment.[8] In McDonald v. Chicago, 561 U.S. 3025 (2010), the Court ruled that the Second Amendment limits state and local governments to the same extent that it limits the federal government.[9]Many sheriffs, including some in Colorado, won't enforce the laws they say. The correctly note that limited clip size really does not matter. Any person familiar with semi-autos knows how quickly they can change a clip. What a gun LOOKS like has no effect on what it can do. It looks scary, so it must be bad.

The turds that run Colorado are no more than shills or mouthpieces for the turds running D.C. The dems out here have no balls, they also let the Denver Post dictate to them how to operate. They oppose Jessica's law that would mandate long sentences for convicted child rapist but sentencing records show a child rapist here (in Colorado) in most cases was sentenced to less than 6 years. Most County sherrifs have been asking for stiffer sentences and adoption of Jessica's law but the Democrats in the state house and senate have REFUSED to even vote on it's adoption. Meanwhile they agree that guns are bad, weed is good, abortion is GREAT, gay marrage is cool, and raising taxes is the way to fund their nirvana. May they all be voted out in their next election and be required to forfiet their ill-gotten homes, cars, Caimane Island accounts to pay for the damages they have done.

The "TRUE" colors of Obama are "finally" being realized, and "WE the People" had enough!Stand strong, "United"; we can fight this evil in our midst. (Federal Government purchased over 1,250,000,000 rounds of ammo; wonder why the shelves are empty)God bless America!When I was young man it was the sixties and the Beatles and Woodstock ,sex drugs and rock and roll times and rebellion, I was caught up in it myself to an extent until one day someone told me about how at one time the Roman empire had fallen from within over one thing ,moral decay and complacency and resting on their laurels and it hit me that this was us now, it changed my thinking completely, I turned to conservative !

Vote them out!

Why do politicians not understand that if they do the will of the people, they don't have to pretend to be something they are not.

Here in NV, if you want to buy a firearm..from a gun dealer...you routinely go through a background check, every time, for every purchase...your name, SS number...etc is filed with the police Dept. The purchased firearm registered; type, make, serial number.  For each and every one gun you purchase the dealer calls in who you are, and the police notify the dealer yes or no, if no, and warrants are out, you are detained at the dealer until police arrive and you will be arrested. If no, because you are an ex-felon..no gun. Then NV also has a 10 day waiting period on your first purchase...any military full automatic machine guns...you need a special  FFL license.  Even a 'percussion civil war pistol was registered.Now we need more laws...because that will prevent what happened in Auroa and Conn.???If there were armed security there..those two 'devils' would have been handled on the spot. Guns, on their own, do not kill people...people kill people. Laws are silent in the face of arms.Think about it.

So long as people feel threatened, they will not release their firearms.

All these laws do is help ease the fears of the population who are not educated on firearms.It does nothing to stop another tragedy. These new laws only reduce liberty, and do nothing to protect an individual from bodily harm.

JOIN NRA TODAY

I don't live there. Grew up but left, to many S(hi)t head Californians. If you don't like it I would recall the Chickenpooper.

no what i think we need to do hickenlooper or whatever the hell your name is, is talk about getting these lunatics off the streets and into jail where they belong so they can't perpetrate their animalistic rituals upon society.  however this moron has chosen to cave into the pressure being exuded upon him by the rabid dogs democrats and "not the ones" white house henchmen.  this i hope will cost him his livelihood.  the people should also vote that once these clowns are out of office all benefits and rights of a "previous" government representative ENDS.  no healthcare for life.  no government retirement for life.  no monthly lifetime salary.  it is over.  this way you can "REALLY" make them pay for their idiotic mistake.  it is high time our officials are held responsible when their actions either violate the rights of the people or their actions cause the demise of other people or place them in peril.

cvote these commies outWhy should anyone be surprised? The Californication of the west is strong and getting stronger. Colorado and Nevada are now blue states and Arizona will be soon. California, Oregon and Washington have been hopeless for quite a while. If you examine the last election returns you can even find cracks in the foundation in Alaska. We're well on our way to a one party system in this country. Nothing will stop it unless the unthinkable happens.

What works in New York, won't cut the mustard here out west!!

Every gun I own is not illegal in CO, from my .22 I've for 45 years to my hunting guns.  Every gun I own is now illegal in that state.  Commie, fascist pigs.  The only gun I have that would be legal in CO is the one that belonged to my great grandfather.  Can't fight off the police and military with a single shot .22 pistol form the 1800's.  The purpose of guns is to protect us from the government .. the same one that just outlawed the ability to defend oneself.

We go to Colo. every year on vacation we have family out there- now we will no longer be visiting that state and guess what 9 of the family members already quit their jobs and are moving back to Wisconsin only 3 left out there now but by the end of june they will all be back here - this is happening as i type- people are moving out of Colo. soon there taxes will go up because less people will be living and working  there to pay your so called great Gov. John his income. there is alot of help wanted signs up i was told be people we know out there some we know moved to Texas good work there Govenor john you are doing a great job for your State you #$%$

Suppression of Constitutional rights SHOULD bring political peril.Not to mention the fact that these measures are nothing but hollow political moves.  We have 10 years of data from the last assault weapons and high capacity magazine ban (1994-2004). Crime did not decrease at all.

The NRA was formed to protect blacks from the KKK and allow them the firearms to protect their families.  Now the government leaders of some states think we don't need to do that anymore dial 911 and see how long it takes to get to rural areas.

When you’re shooting fish in a barrel, as was being done at Aurora, large capacity magazines make little difference.  It takes mere seconds to eject one magazine and insert another.However, if they ban assault weapons you can just file the bayonet stud off your rifle and it will become legal.

I'll never visit (ski)  or buy anyhting made in or from Colorado again. I won't even drive through the state.... and I'm not alone...

Democrats are so quick to take away rights of American citizens yet FORCE new laws on us like Obama Care!

Political suicide..see all you liberals on the unemployment line.the right of the people to keep and bear arms SHALL NOT be infringed. Gun onwers are law abiding citizens. Chicago has some of the toughest gun laws in the country. Enough said.

For the record, clips were used in M1 Garand rilfes.  All they did was hold the ammunition.  The rifle itself provided the follower and follower rod spring which fed the ammunition.  On the other hand, magazines have a spring and follower built in which feeds the ammunition.  `nuff said about that.But, it tickles me when people talk about "gun" control.  From boot camp, we learned "This is my rifles, this is my gun, this is for fighting and this is for fun."Semper Fi!

Colorado is going to go from a democrat controlled state to a republican state... the Dems are going to lose, the gun rights supporters are going to lose , the republicans are going to win it back but i fear instead of reversing these stupid laws they are going go after gay marriage and reverse the legalization of marijuana.... which is about as stupid as what the dems are doing now, piling more laws on us is not that we do not need, what we need are less political crime laws and the enforcement  of  victim oriented laws in which there is a clear victim and get rid of the political laws in which a person is denied the right to face their accuser..

I have a feeling Gov Hickenlooper's political career just imploded.

Assault this, assault that, assault all you want,  just don't assault my 2nd Amendment constitutional right to bear arms. Once you fools start changing any part of our constitution, it's a slippery road to tyranny by some group, military branch, elected officials, president, etc,

One more socialist foothold in a once proud and great nation. Farewell Colorado!

There is no common ground with the gun control advocates.  What part of "shall not be infringed" don't you understand?

I miss the US Constitution.  Back when we followed it, we were the biggest, best and toughest nation in the world...  Now were are a morally and financially bankrupt shell of our former selvese.  Guess that is what "fundamental transformation" meant huh Barry Hussein Obama???

When Obammy hands us $20 Trillion in debt by 2016, it will be a most sorry time indeed for the party of welfare and food stamps.

Where do these yahoos get off thinking they can dictate what our unalienable rights mean.  Their interpretation of the debt, securing our borders, enforcing the laws on the book and upholding our Constitutional right leaves an awful lot to be desired.and we wonder why the government has purchased billions of rounds of ammunition, and the shelves at the store are empty.

Colorado please take note.  you can always spot a Californian by they are either hugging a tree, shutting down farmers from farming because of some bug and they are trying to take you guns and that is a transplant from California

So All Democraps want to disarm us! I say next Election we disarm them all by voting anything into office except Democraps! Time to Eliminate the Democratic Party from Politics! If this Happens the Republicans will listen to the People or be Eliminated too!

Now that gun purchasers will have to foot the bill for their own background checks who is going to decide what that bill will be. De facto gun control happens if a background check costs a lot of money and it's usually a bureacracy that comes up with implementing new laws and setting the prices.

They are ALL mad (as in insane)...

Move to Idaho, Magpul. A gun friendly state with ATK/CCI/Speer and others already set up in Lewiston.

when are people going to realize that the liberals are after all the guns ,this is just the start!

"MURDER IS AGAINST THE LAW"So, our logic is ... even though someone is going to ignore that law ...he/she surely would not consider using a magazine that would hold over 15 rounds?just like: he/she would not even think of killing people in a "Gun Free Zone"!!!Why don't the politicians think about passing some laws that will affect criminals instead of just law abiding gun owners!!!

Lost my vote.

All you Democrat Sportman KEEP VOTING For the Liberal Democrats and you'll lose All your Hunting and Gun Rights ! I'ts Happing Before your Eyes and you Guys Still don't Beleive it's Happening !  Wake UP !  Vote These Pricks OUT !  All Semi auto Rifles and Shot Guns are on the take away List  !  Wake UP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!let us eliminate both the executive orders and the executive order-ers

there should be some sort of government assistance for those who cannot afford a gun  for home defense.

Take these laws to court, they're unconstitutional. Then go after the Gov and lawmakers in the next election. Get them out.

Hey Magpul!  SW Wisconsin is waiting for you. Business friendly state as long as you stay clear of Madison, and a lot of people who'd like to work for those employee discounts? Go Packers!

Guns play an "outsized role"? The outsized role is that of the leftist law makers going where they can't. These fascist swine have outsized themselves and thier imagined authority. Weld County has it right.

Alright!!!!! Lots of easy target in Colorado. Rob, Pillage, not gonna get shot there LOL.

BAN 100 ROUND MAGAZINES UNTIL THEY ARE RELIABLE!

Huessein and the Democrats don't care about the Constitution....they think they are MUCH smarter than our countries Founding Fathers.....but,these Libtards couldn't be more IGNORANT.

The only people controlled by these new laws are the law abiding.

Gov. Pickshispooper doesn't realize it but by signing these horrid bills he signed his political death warrant. He will never get re-elected now and the state House and Senate will have a power shift when the democrats are voted out for their part.Buffalo Bill Cody was born in the Iowa Territory, and Doc Holliday was born in Georgia, and only spent the last few years of his life in Colorado.  Hardly "Native Sons"

November is never too far away to matter.And with 88,000 guilty of trying to buy firearms failing the background check and only 44 prosecuted, any new laws are All about going after legal gun owners since they're not going after criminals signing forms proving they're felons which would lead to slam dunk convictions.

These Politicians are OUT OF CONTROL.

Burp

By passing gun control laws, the government is telling us they desire to take guns away from the law abiding citizens.  They haven't once described how they plan on getting them away from the criminals.The fact that we're all missing here is, by violating our rights as law abiding citizens of America, the GOVERNMENT becomes the CRIMINAL.

They didn't take care of the real problem, mental illness, but then that is not much of a vote getter.

There goes my vacaion in Colorado

Immediately stat a recall petition.That should stop his second amendment assault.It should also be considered for all other elected officials all the way to the White House.

The last report I had from  an officer was the so called Assult rifle he had jamed on the first round so he used a shot gun to kill those people --but nothing is Ever said about outlawing them  why????

so the next time, and there will be a next time, a gunman uses a 10 round clip and kills "too many" because he had 10 rounds a new law will passed to reduce 10 to 5 or 3 or whatever and so on and so on. this is just the beginning of the liberals their B/S on gun laws none of which would have stopped any of these killings - period.Urgency to take a way citizens rights will be a loss to Colorados tourism and free market

Colorado 卐.  For buffalo Bill and Doc Holiday, Colorado will have Obama insignias every where.  Not much of a tourist attraction

Sounds like Colorado has a bad case of "Californication".

U. of Colorado advises women to vomit or urinate to stop rapists. Colorado Democrat says women don’t need guns for self-defense. Janet Napolitano says also that we should use a pair of scissors to defend from armed home intruders. Yay or nay?

If I lived in Colorado I would want this guy out! What is with all the shifting of political stance? I know those that voted this guy into office did so on his campaign promises and then they turn on those who elected them with this shift posturing. KICK HIM OUT!

Almost everywhere in the nation, conventioneers, visitors, tourists, etc., pay a lot of fes and taxes that are not imposed upon the residents.  Go only where the Constitution is supported. Hit 'em in their tax bases.  Keep hitting them, until they change, permanently!

if the kid would have used an ak---it wouldn't have jammed and would have done more damage. we should limit the use of ak's and promote ownership of ar-15's everwhere

what's wrong with Democrats and their desire to rule completely over humans?These people are frightening. I never paid much attention to politics until the early 1990's and when Hillary and Bill Clinton joined forces with Dianne Feinstein( CA) and Chuck Schumer(NY) and began their progressive socialism movement I was really amazed these so called Americans were thinking like the #$%$ in Germany and they appeared to salivate profusely when speaking about disarming the citizens. Then the 1994 Crime Bill passed into law which ultimately put more guns into the hands of citizens, the costs of ammunition and firearms skyrocketed, more police were hired and on patrol for a while until the federal funding ran dry then of course the taxpayers were given a choice to pay for them or fire them and of course nobody wants to be the bad guy and fire a cop, right. So the Democrats put a lot of stress on society then just as we are seeing now.Don't forget about the National Hillary/Obama HealthCare plan, which was passed into law and no written solution as to how it will be paid for. Makes absolutely no sense.

Hope whomever runs against Hickenlooper in the next election gets in touch with me... That's one out-of-state election that I would love to contribute to!

Political Peril.  Yep.  They just shot their chances of reelection.Wanna see political peril, 40+ percent of Americans like myself are preparing for war against our political figures if they push too hard against our rights. Now this will bring political peril, in fact, a lot of peril...Come and take them!

Bye, bye liberals in Colorado.

Now that we have seen how governments want to confiscate bank accounts ,I doubt people will want to give up guns ...voluntary

These politicians need to realize that what they think is irrelevant.  They are there to do the will of the people who elected them.  I don't care if you are for these gun restrictions.  If the people of your district oppose it then it is your job to oppose it. Don't expect to get re-elected if you cannot do this.

Politicians:  "Give them what they don't want - for their own good.....they are sheep - we know what they need and we are more intelligent and can control their lives for them - as long as we can still collect taxes and distribute them as we please, we will remain in control - because we are the elite."  FIRE THEM!  Then maybe they'll learn who their boss is.

vote em out, make them work for a living for ONCE.

My wife and I vacation in Colorado yearly and I have looked seriously at buying a vacation home in that state.  I am a strong supporter of the Constitution including the 2nd Ammendment.  We have decided that as a result of the new legislation, we will be going elsewhere for vacation.

Vote out the democrats...problem solved!

When will liberalism be recognised as a disease...

He has to do this because he is an Obama puppet. He would not go against Obama because he doesn't have the balls to.I'm a Racist for criticizing Obama.I'm a Terrorist because I want to protect my 2nd Amendment rights.I'm a Teabagger for supporting the Constitution.I'm a National Security Threat because I speak my mind.I'm a Birther because I dare question the documentation of the President.I'm a Trouble Maker for asking unanswered questions.I'm a Traitor for exposing the corruption of my Government.I'm a Conspiracy Theorist for presenting documented facts.I'm an Anti-American for not towing to the party line.I'm a War Monger because I support our Troops.I'm a Greedy Capitalistic because I believe I am entitled to what I earned.Guilty as Charged, and Proud of It!

No law will prevent me from owning, and carrying concealed when necessary, any gun I wish to purchase. My safety, and the safety of my family and property, is my responsibility and the Constitution gives me the right to defend such using guns. End of story. This includes protecting myself from the tyranny of the government.

Legalized pot, no real penalty for child abuse, wide open homosexuality and no 2nd Amendment Rights.... next to go will be your right to privacy, freedom of speech and freedom of religion.  It will happen unless you vote every one of the liberals out of office!!

Impeach the communist in the whitehouse, then go after the rest of the communists that back him.

I can only hope when election time comes the good people of Colorado will remember it was liberal democrates who voted to take away thier rights.

Background checks and limited magazines wont save anymore lives than speed limits and drunk driving laws have.

Why are people afraid of background checks? If you're not a wacko - then this shouldn't be an issue.

God bless all Constitutional rights for all Americans

The citizens of the State of Colorado have received a wakeup call........The question is: Do they answer the bell or allow the special interest groups and carpet baggers to dictate our rights?

Keep inviting liberal's to retire in your state have seen pamplets all over the country they leave the states to run from the gov. taxing their retirement income but then they go to other states bringing the same ideas.The Democrats don't remember that when they passed the Federal Assault Weapons Nan in September 1994, elections that came in November that resulted in a lot of them getting the boot. 2014 is coming and guess who is leaving?

I don't know how long this jerk has been in office, but Anne Richards was a one term wonder in Texas for her gun control stance.

Ban Gun Bans

Elections have unintended consequences. Pot smoking, anti-gun,communist Hickenlooper. Don't ever refer to Colorado as the American West again! It is a s#!t hole.

I think that the problem is not the easiblity of purchasing firearms but The punishment for the illegal use of them. The 60's and babyboomers have produced a society that is too wishy-washy. Make sure that every criminal that puts a gun in his/her hand does so with a cold fear crawling up their back knowing the consequences.

Dont let te Libs destroy your State. Vote em out, now and forever unite and vote !!!

Pack your Bags Governor, you have just committed political suicide...Its time for you to go Away for good, and for the good of the American people...

FBI even agrees Government war on guns particularly the semi automatic rifles is severely misguided based on factual evidence that more homicides are committed with blunt objects and knives than guns- particularly any type of rifle. If a gun is used it would be a handgun so why are they banning semi auto rifles? They are afraid those rifles will soon be turned on them that's why...I say the government is after more than just our guns...it's only the catalyst of far worse as history shows in every gun grabbing scheme ~USMarineSgt

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)."Uh, no, it wasn't.  Most the damage was done with a shotgun and a pistol...neither of which had 'high capacity' magazines.I'm ashamed to call this the state of my birth.

Every gun grabber is calling for something to be done. They say if we are allowed to carry our firearms then we are going back to the old westdays. Well the way I see it I think we are already there. The gang controll our citys they out man and out gun the law enforcement, we have the elite who are protected by armed security but deny our rights to protect ourselves. The goverment has declared our nation as battle ground, DHS has purchased billions of round of ammo to what end except to user agianst US citizen as hollow pionts are prohebited every where else. I think maybe we are going back in time to some piont, and if that is ture then HOW did the old west handle outlaw gangs and outlaws? THE EVERYDAY CITIZEN ARMED THEM SELVES AND STOOD TOGETHER TO FIGHT THEM THE GOVERMENT DID NOT DISARM THEM BUT ASKED FOR THIER HELP TO FIGHT THEM. LET US AGIAN STAND TOGETHER AND TAKE BACK OUR NATION AND TELL THOSE THAT WISH TO HARM US WE WILL NOT TAKE ANYMORE IT STOP NOW!!!! Do not take our arms away or limit and tie our hands but let us defend ourselves and our kids. If we have to go so far as to put armed security at our schools to protect our kids then even 1 life saved is far more important then how we feel about protecting the elite, ( OB has given himselfe armed security for the rest of HIS LIFE WITH OUR TAX MONEY). Let us tell our goverment THAT WE SUPPOSELY PUT IN OFFICE TO STOP TRYING TO DISARM US AND ENFORCE THE LAWS THAT ARE ON THE BOOK FOR THAT PURPOSE. Put the right to defind ourselves back in our hand and we will assit the law to put an end to this BU****T as we have done from the start of this ONCE GREAT  NATION. That is how we should be going after these issuse and working to stop the killing of people IN GUN FREE ZONES THAT DO NOT SAVE LIVES.One would think that this unconstitutional run on the second amendment would be the political end of most of the politicians next elections. I have lost faith that this will happen as by the time next election comes. They will have forgotten by then and more concerned with what Beyonce is wearing or latest Lohan arrest.

Guns did not kill 6 Million Jews,But there government did!That is Gun control at it's best !

Colorado - this is a call to all voters.  You put them in office and now you have to live with the bans - at least until you decide to vote them out.  Your path is clear.  Too bad this will hurt the Colorado economy.

LIBERALS.

OK to abort a life (they call that freedom of choice) not ok to buy a mag over 15 rounds (they call that protecting at least one life)? Which one is killing more on a daily basis? Hypocrites (call that government)!

you can limit mags! you can also put laws in-place limiting sales! BUT!! you cant!! repeat cant make a criminal follow anything you put in-place and you cant stop someone who is bent on or intended too kill, you just cant stop them. they will find a way around any barrier you put in-place

I agree with a lot of the comments below about background checks (which I support) but all the issues with mags and gun type comes down to "does this violate our second amendment to the constitution"?  I do not support abortion but I do not support a government telling what a woman or family can or cannot do even more - so even if you support gun control be careful of what you let our government do as they are like a parasite and will only dig in deeper.

Hickenlooper is nothing but a Bloomberg apostle. I am making plans to leave Colorado and am taking my small business with me!

I have a Dream....My Dream is a future where a little White and a little Black come and ask me...What's a Democrat?

Have you shot a gangbanger today?" Actual quote...."Magazine limits would reduce gun violence and have an impact during mass shootings, because they would force gunmen to reload more times, she said. "It's an interruption in the spraying of bullets."..Democratic Rep. Beth McCannSo what the Colorado Democrats are saying....they are limiting the magazines to 15 rounds so they force a shooter to change the magazines (during a shooting rampage) which will give "someone" the opprotinuty to take the shooter down......just &amp;*^%$ brilliant.

10 of us went on a great week long hunting and fishing trip to Colorado last year combined we spent well over $12,000 we were planning on going back next year for a repeat Now were looking at Idaho or Montana. Never again will our group spend a dime in Colorado Pass the bill or not Its the intent they have shown. To the nice people in he Gunnison area were sorry

I hope Magpul makes good on leaving Colorado.  There are plenty of gun friendly states that would love to have the jobs.

Hey this is what happens when you have Dems &amp; Libs take over your home

I see fox news is hammering them about Jessies child laws. They pass a pot law, gay civil unions, and this, but refuse to up the jail time againsrt child molesters,abductors etc.

Paul - you can purchase a gun online - however, it cannot be shipped to you, it must go to a licensed firearm seller.

Call your senators tell them not to support the un arms treaty

DENVER (AP) — Firearms play an outsized role in the hearts of Coloradans.  Yea...OK...It will seem "outsized" right up until the knock on your door for the mandatory RE-EDUCATION classes at your local FEMA camp.  Here's my quote, "Give me Liberty or I will give YOU death!

Vote them out or shut the F*&amp;% up.  Its that easy..............

What about Scott Peterson? The Cannibal cop? Chris Dorner? They were all allowed to carry 30 round mags for" fully"  automatic weapons. Where do the laws ban government? Exactly.Who would hire a maid or caretaker, then allow that hired help to take over ALL the decisions of the household, take all the money from our bank accounts they want, charge us rent on our own home, and then take our property and imprison us if we protest too loudly or attempt to run them off?Government was necessary to safeguard our Liberties in the beginning, to see to the details on our behalf as inobtrusively as possible.It has become Leviathan, devouring Liberty and resources.....setting itself up as our masters.This has to stop.

i hope the dems in colorado and elsewhere lose their seats,,they are all high on pot,and dont care about the citizens,just want to change the state and forget the constitution,hell mend them when the people throw them out,still dont have Jessicas law,if its about kids,why dont you vote on that,a law that protects kids,hypocrites

And next Hicksterloopy will agree with NYC's mayor regarding  the damage done by 16 + ounce soft drinks and will Take Action to remedy the danger to society posed by the large capacity cups.

"Magpul - We will likely become a multi-state operation as a result"Ah come on Magpul, you didn't say if the law passed you'd make some of your guns out of state you said you'd move the company out of Colorado. Man up and move, or admit you were just blowing hot air.

Only one way to deal with these politicians,  vote them out. Send them home, with out a pay check or retirement time than americans start telling the politicians what they want, not what the politicians want. Ignornant bunch of bast****ds, i hate politicians.

Well with the gun laws it will be interesting for them to see that the criminals still have guns and commit crimes, they have done nothing but pass more senseless laws, they should be working on more important things.

What do you expect from a flaming state govt!!!??

we as the people of the united states need to vote all them out the rights of the people are being taken a way it wont be long until we have no rights at all they have already are making it hard for lawbiding gun owener to protect themselfs

#$%$ tyrant!!!!!!

We need enforcement of laws that prevent people from becoming dangerous people. Never had to spank my third son. He learned to do right by observing the consequences of doing wrong.The governor is misguided. Does he not realize that a 15 round magazine can be switched out in about 2 seconds? And who is to stop that person if everybody else there is following the law by not carrying a weapon? This bill would not have limited the amount of destruction cuased in Aurora or any other mass shooting. Instead it will cost jobs when manufacturers leave the state and make people more vulnerable to being a victim.

"Let's examine our laws and make changes" Hichenlooper said. Let's ignore the peaple that follow these laws is what I am seeing

Yeah nutty citizens in Colorado care more about their "gun rights" than passing Megan`s law, that would help protect innocent children from pedophiles!!

Does any Politican ever stick to their convictions,,A governor going against the very people that voted him into office!! My hope is that people in Colorado will Wake-up next election!! We have the same problem in SC,,But voting time is just around the corner!! IS THE WEST GONE??

Check Hickenlooper's bank account to see how much of bloombergs money it took to change his mind.

Maybe they something different and enforce the laws we have now...We don't need new taxes on something else. Open your eyes....

Liberals ruined the beautiful state of CO

Ban politicians with large capacity air heads. standard mags, are not large capacity. but not too worry they are available for big bucks. another bs tax. why are we not making jobs a prioity? oh yea thats right 51% dont want jobs just more free chitt.

There are no gun restrictions/laws that will keep guns out of the hands of  those that want to use them to do harm to people, and this ploy by government is just that a political ploy to show the liberals that they are doing something, when in fact they aren't. Just have all those that want gun control move to a State like Colorado and watch the criminal element take up residency.

This country is setting it's self up for failure. Knee jerk reactions like this, to what people belive is the way to make the public safe, is short sighted. Guns are not the issue, violent behavior and disipline, or the lack of, is what needs to be addressed. To think that someone wouoldn't kill if a gun wasn't available is absolutly stupid thinking.it only matters to those who respect the Constitution of the United States

Just like Rep. Manchin in WV, Gov. Hickenlooper is GONE in the next election - at least as a former Coloradoan - I hope he is.

Visit Wyoming, Utah, New Mexico instead!

Focus on the hammer, not the nail? Doesn't make sense. These libs would ok a male partner marriage.That alone tells you that these people can't think logically.How could they possibly deduce anything to do with rights?

Did the rifle in Newton stay in the trunk or not ? Not that important to the issue overall,but no trustworthy journalism is.

Americans, remember our core values, they have made this country what it is.  The best place on earth, where everyone else wants to live with the hope of the American dream.  When we drift away from them, we end up with a society over run with lazy people with their hands out, who can't get out of their own way.  Work hard, be successful, build your life and hand it to your children.  It just makes sense, and I'm sick of idiots attacking our way of life.InsteadDon't work at all.  We'll give you anything you want, and we'll use the rich peoples money to do it hehehe.  Just keep those school buses full of votes from the mentally challenged, retirement homes, and gettos comin Yo.

fire the bum.we need to elect people who's only agenda is the WILL OF THE PEOPLE.instead of those who are trying to work their way up the political ladder.

No new news here ,Same old BS from before.

The liberals will always try to abolish gun ownership completely.  I am not a Republican, but I cringe at the thought of not being able to defend myself.Imagine: you are home upstairs, you hear noise downstairs, you are old, or a woman, must you hide like an rabbit?  I don't like that thought.

Breaking News !!!!! Mexican cartels abandon narcotics in favor of more profitable guns and magazines .All 62 county Sheriffs in CO oppose this bill.  I've heard of a movement to not hunt in CO, the communities that will be hit hardest by that are the ones that believe like you do.  Don't spend a penny in Denver or Boulder.  That is where the Cali nutjob liberals that have changed this state forever live...

Gov. John Hickenlooper isn't the type of leader CO residents deserve!

IMPEACH Gov. John Hickenlooper!

Well, after all you do need to have some kind of rules.  State Rep Mike Leara proposes that any member of the General Assembly who messes with the Second Amendment should be charged with a class D felony.  In Georgia, everyone should be mandated to carry a gun.  Senator Ed Murray thinks it's OK to have guns.  But, the sheriff should be able to come to your house once a year and have a  look around.  If everything is OK, then you can keep your guns.  Gun Lobbyist Gary Marbut wants to grant the police the right to arrest FBI agents if they hassle people and take their guns.  It would felony kidnapping.  Of course, there are the teachers who forget their guns or accidently discharge them.  Or, take the kids out to the firing range during school hours.  I remember a few kids I went to school with that you wouldn't want a gun in their hands.  In SC, it's OK to take guns into bars.  But, only if you are sober and stay sober.   If you are drunk, leave it in the car. There may be other states as well.  In Florida, you can't buy ammunition unless you complete a two hour anger management course.  Another law would be to make it a felony to carry more than one round.  In Colorado, store owners must let people bring their guns into the stores.  If not, there has to be a security guard for every fifty people.  If the store owner doesn't comply, he or she could be liable for injuries or death.  These are just some of the over the top ones.  Lots and lots more.

Coloradans take your state back from the socialist.

You get the government you deserve when you elect these politically correct fascists who come at you with a smile and a knife behind their back.

Democrats are up to no good nationwide.  They really want to take away your guns, little by little.  I say...shoot first and ask questions later if they try to take yours.

I hope you all see the part of these bills still waiting to be signed. Accused of domestic violence and you cant own a gun! no trial, nothing, just an accusation...what a way for a vengeful spouse to make a hunting ex lose his right to hunt.. Oh take my word for it, it will happen just this way..shameful excuse for a Govenor.

Colorado is California come east.  This began to happen some years ago.

National headquarters for black cowboy musume also in denver .Colorado has been invaded by Marxist and socialist do gooders who do not know a Constitution even exist.

Imagine that infringing on peoples rights is political peril.  Take care governor, please empty the trash on your way out.

You know,  I'm beginning to see a pattern here. This is the second time today that an AP article has painted an extremist Democrat as moderate.

Why do libs think they are the only inteligent humans on the planet?

What did you morons think would happen when you elected a state legislature comprised of Progressive Marxists?

George Washington would shoot Hickenlooper in the face.

There is no "common ground" when it comes to restricting the bill of rights!

Politicians often forget that  their job it to protect our rights..Not to give or take them as they see fit.......just sayin

Hickenlooper - the name says it all. "Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," What he said is: Lets keep them out of the hands of law abiding citizens of Colorado.

Colorado,You voted these MORONS into office,now you have to live with them.Have you learns a lesson from this?Don't vote in DUMOCRATS!@!!!!Maybe the sane people in Colorado will shoot the dumb demo socialists politicians.

Weapon bans do NOT make you safe,,,THEY PUT YOU IN DANGER,,,

the voters better clean house now is the time

Why do Liberals keep accusing Republicans of being uncivilized and living in the past, when in reality the Republicans are the responsible gun owners and it's the Liberals that are doing the shootings?

"The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government." Thomas Jefferson

VOTE THEM OUT then change it back!!

He's not a moderate...he's a socialist liberal.  Obama claimed to be a moderate too.  Remember, liberals lie...it's how they're wired.

Vote out the hickenlicker !

Impeach this clown

Pot for all. Guns for none! What?This government is out of control. Somehow the citizens are going to have to prove that attempting to enslave us further will have dire consequences and end your worthless political career.

Colorado, like other Midwestern and Western states, is being disproportionately influenced by the urban population centers, (Boulder and Denver), largely liberal, heavily Democratic and influenced by a high percentage of minority voters.  Not reflective of the state's traditional values.

I thought it was already illegal for those accused of domestic violence to own a gun?

Barry Hussein has a Marxist-Socialist agenda for this Country....Disarming the populace is simply a part of the plan....Very simple.....

Next Up .... 1st Amendment curtailment and legislatures deciding what you can and cannot say..

Hey Magpul..... we love you and wish you would move to our community.  We will help you move, offer your employees help in moving and will help you screw Colorado out of million of tax dollars.

I’ll be surprised if any of these progressives survive next elections …

Take your private background check and stick them where the Sun doesn't shine.

You frigin democrats are all about CONTROL.  Can't wait for state and federal elections. Make sure you bring a box to pack your shi!!!  You won't be coming back

everyone who voted against guns should be tried for treason, and hanged by the neck untill dead. THEN the families of those who voted against guns should be rounded up and beheaded. Just to make sure this assault on the constituion never happens again.I live in Illinois and due to the current economic situation and my own financial situation I am in no condition to move out of the state. I do not and will not live in Chicago or Cook county due to their ridiculously restrictive gun laws.In order to purchase a gun from ANYONE (retail or individual) in Illinois, I, a law abiding citizen, with no criminal record or mental health issues, must posses an Illinois foid card. Possession of an Illinois foid card means I passed at least one background check conducted by the Illinois state police and that they now have a record of me being a probable gun owner. Awesome, I am now on their list.If I wish purchase from a private party, it must be from a fellow foid card (background check passed) holder and we must wait 24-72 hours before transferring the firearm once the deal is done, and keep a record of that sale for ten years.If I purchase from an Illinois gun shop, they check my foid card (background check passed), we do a BUNCH of paperwork, they place a call to the FBI's national instant background check system for an FBI background check on me, which puts my information on another list, then wait 24-72 hours before transferring the firearm to me.If I really want to jump through hoops, I buy a gun online from a private party or firearm dealer. It goes like this, I don't have to show them my foid card, we settle on the price, I find someone nearby in Illinois with a federal firearm dealer license(FFL) that will charge me a fee to receive my gun and do paperwork. The seller, unless he is a FFL, (also needs to find an FFL near him to ship the gun, the two FFL dealers exchange information and license's, the gun owner transfers the gun to his FFL and pays a fee, His FFL ships the gun to my FFL, days later the gun arrives at my FFL, I go to my FFL show him my foid (background check passed), then I finally get to see the gun in person, we do a BUNCH of paperwork, I pay him his fee and leave without my gun(a week has passed by now), he calls the FBI for the national instant background check and puts me on their list again, 24-72 hours later, after two successful background checks, paperwork, fees, shipping, I get to go pick up my purchase. Confused? Ridiculous? Out of control? More background checks? With who? My kindergarten teacher?So when I hear someone chanting more control, background checks, more laws, it makes me sick. I am already on at least two lists that track law abiding gun owners and their purchases, a federal list and a state list. It is too much. There does not need to be a list of gun owners anywhere. When a newspaper (The Journal News in New York) can publish a list of gun owners (December of 2012) it proves that the level of responsibility is not up to par with the level of power or information. That should never have happened. If you want to make sure I am not a criminal before I purchase a firearm, fine. If I am a criminal, there is no purchase, no record kept. If I am not a criminal, there is a purchase, no state or federal record needs to be kept. The store will have a record of the purchase. The government does not need to know. They have already proven they cannot be trusted with information of that magnitude. Someone in government willingly gave that information to the media, and the media misused that information. No one needs to know what is in my home. I don't need or want to know what is in your home. It is called privacy, and what little there is left of it in this country needs to be protected.I could go on, but I realize that I am preaching to the choir. You either understand my point of view, or you don't. You either take personal responsibility for your own actions and protection or you don't. You either hold your freedom precious and priceless in recognition of the price that was paid for it or you give it away.

I watched a movie once where only the police and military had gunsit was called schindlers list

Now that Colorado has laws in place to punish law abiding citizens ( the criminals are celebrating! ) maybe they can go to work on passing Jessica's Law that protects young children from pedophiles?

What happened to the idea of just enforcing existing Laws ????

I do,nt get it.. The Feds are trying to pass these laws,, and some states are too..  Who is in charge here?  Or is it just locally political grandstanding?

The California liberal idiots ruined Califirnia and moved to CO. Now the California liberal idiots plan to ruin it too. Liberalism is like cancer.

Liberals are a danger to the bill of rights, freedoms are being eroded away a little at a time by them !

As a Colorado resident and a responsible gun owner, I'm all for background checks.  But don't touch my magazines thank you!

Whether you like guns are not we the people cannot let these politicians continuously infringe on our constitutional rights. We all need to just vote them out of office

sorry we dont need gun control we need people control, i am GLAD i have guns in my house our neighborhood is getting worse and the cops are NEVER there, when you need them they come around after the fact and take a report, you call them they make excuses as to why they cant do anyting about  a perticular person even though they have had trouble in the past with that person, the law has gotton on the way of safety, so i will protect myself and my familyVOTE THEM OUT! They are elected by the people and only the people can vote them out! They are under oath to support and protect the constitution and they are violating their oath! VOTE THEM OUT!

But you and your children can still smoke weed, hypocrites.

The people need to take back the govt, by force in needed!

By taking away the rights of law bidding citizens, the liberal law makers are empowering themselves and the criminal element.  The limitation of citizen rights becomes a part of a vicious circle wherein only the criminals and politicians gain strength.

Welcome to Calirado!

The gun legislation in Colorado reminds me of the OBAMA-Care fiasco!!  Demo-Rats push through their Agenda just because they can!  They will pay a price!!  John Morse (Demo-Rat) and Dianne Degett (Demo-rat) are going to be voted out!These Demo-Rats have probably moved here from some other screwed up state?

Watch as dumocrats ERODE our rights away what part of the bill of rights do they not understand?

I'm tired of these leftist busybodies who have never even touched a real gun, let alone shot one, deciding that I shouldn't have one.

Liberal thinking 101:  Killing unborn humans is OK. A fetus is not alive....uh... I mean ...a life. (unless you shoot and kill a pregnant woman, then they charge you with double homicide)[Homicide, choice....homicide, choice.......I'm confused]You can't use a 16 round magazine or larger to defend your life or family because some insane person might use one to kill innocents. ( couldn't that insane person use a car to ram a crowd......uh...so maybe us normal folks shouldn't have cars?)

ROT IN HELL DEMSThe govenor and all the state legislators need to be recalled...its not simple or cheap but it will stop this erosion of the second amentment. These politicians all swore to uphold the constitution and here they are making a total fraud of their oath. The overwhelming evidence in this country and other countries around the world is that gun controll always increases both crime and the level of violence. These corrupt democrats are forcing the voters in Colorado to be crime victims. Just look at New York, Chicago, Washington DC, and California if you want to see what gun controll will get you. Corrupt governments, huge taxes to fight the crime that gun controll facilitated and greatly increased crime, The residents are the unwilling victims of the politicians and the criminals.

These laws are left-wing, socialist JOKES. They serve NO PURPOSE other than to set the stage to disarm the public. Coloradans are FOOLS to permit this.

I think the demacraps there must have got a load of some killer sh-- they are out of there minds

All I can say is do not vote again for a democrat unless you want to lose all your freedoms !

We need restrictions on unAmerican  Liberal  Democrats who want total control of the people.Recall and vote them all out off offiice.

Oh, they were adopted gunslingers? Didn't they have parents? Or, did the government take them away too?

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)."From what I understand, it was a 100 round drum, which are notorious for jamming.  If a psycho is going to go on a shooting spree, I HOPE they go with one of these POS drums and not the standard 30, 20 or 10 round magazines.  Chances of the firearm malfunctioning with the smaller capacity magazines are slim to none.However, Hick's statement isn't 100% honest.  There was also a shotgun (much like the one Joe Biden says people should get), and a handgun.

Here are the key words in this article - Second Amendment (The Constitution) advocates and gun control supporters (Anti-Constitution). Breaks down pretty much by Party Line - Pro America vs Anti-America, Republican  vs Democrat

RECALL IN PROGRESS

Democrat are dangerous to our freedoms we need a third party ,if they can't leave the constitution alone they need not be on places of power where they take and erode our freedoms from us, I live in Colorado but it is infested with liberalsThe problem with this limit on the size of a magazine is, aside from the obvious fact that people will still be able to get them just like drugs, it will not stop and mass killings.  If a crazy gunman shows up in a movie theater with a rifle that takes a 15 round clip, and a few more clips in his pockets, maybe he will shoot one or two fewer people.  But so what?  Are we saying that killing 28 people including 20 children in Newtown is unacceptable, but killing 25 including 18 children is?  It is a stupid idea which does nothing other than give left wing liberal dbags a little comfort in the fact that the government is limiting someone's rights, even just a little bit.

A  moderate is someone without conviction.  There is good and evil, right from wrong.  Infinging on the Constitution while endangering children is both evil and wrong.Assault is a behaivor, not a device.

'The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers/politicians''The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers' Henry VI by William Shakespeare

Weapons ban to stop gun crime is as idiotic as,,,Requiring women to cover head to toe to stop RAPE CRIME,,,

A BIG, BIG PROBLEM.  What's going to happen when they realize, (IF THEY DO) guns don't kill people!!  People kill people.

First off the people in colorado have got to get mad, and I mean really #$%$ off at what is going on because if that doens't happen these parasites are going to continue, this isn't even the start to what they are going to do.  Look at california, where do you think these people come from?

it is time for our elected representatives to listen and obey the people that got them there, we are a democracy and this governor is not listening to the majority.

search "student planned to bomb school" no gun was going to be used...just explosives to kill students and teachers.....kid arrested Friday......first confirmed attempted killer using Sandy Hook publicity as his mental krutch to kill.....

colorado say good bye to millions and millions of lost dollars from out of state hunters, fisherman and vacationers hope you enjoy. you are ending up just like socialist #$%$ifornia

Fact is no AR-15 was used...what an idiot this "governor" is!  He should be impeached and jailed for perjury and malfeasance.Liberals are killing Free America.

Gun restrictions will bring an insurgency. Its just what this government needs right now to smack it around a bit

The Democrats agenda is not to keep the people safe.  It is simply to disarm the people, thus making them easier to control.

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15."No, you dope. It jammed after eight rounds. The handguns weren't effective, either. What did most of the damage was the shotgun, as anyone who knows firearms could have predicted.May you pay a price at the next election for your ignorance and stupidity, Hr. Hickenloopy.

CIVIL WAR,,, Part DEUX,,,

"They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety." Benjamin FranklinThey who can give up the essential liberty of their '2nd amendment rights' to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety,,,

SCOTUS has already ruled that USA citizens have the right to own weapons,,,

What have we learned BOYS AND GIRLS from Sandy Hook &amp; the Denver theater???That strict gun laws will NOT protect you,,,they will get you KILLED, like lambs led to the slaughter,,,.CLASS DISMISSED

USA schools should teach the 4 Rs,,,Reading, wRiting, aRithmetic and RIFLERY,,,wiki "Military use of children""

Every LEGAL CITIZEN should be trained from childhood in weapons,,,To protect themselves, their family and friends and the REPUBLIC,,,From enemies, foreign and DOMESTIC,,, that means YOU demonic-rats,,,The government officials of the state of Colorado would be well advised to consider the possibility that they are being used as part of an agenda which goes beyond 'knowing who owns' firearms. They might want to ook into the ongoing 'acquisition' of gun and ammunition manufacturers, followed by the closing of their operations.   Companies such as Marlin Firearms in North Heaven, CT, are going out of business shortly after they were purchased by a company called The Freedom Group, which is owned by Cerberus Capital Management, which is owned by George Soros.  Who is George Soros besides being one of the richest men in the world?  He is Obama's chief financier and a a one-world government atheist.  Naturally, for those who want to establish a one-world government, their greatest obstacle is a well armed citizenry.  Neither gun registration nor any other measure will keep weapons out of the hands of criminals, but it will tell 'authorities' where to go to confiscate  weapons of the resistance.

It appears this issue will start correcting itself at the ballot box as it should.The Constitution and the Bill of Rights is only a threat to Socialist with a marxist agenda. Like what the fraud in chief has been perpetrating on the country.

Logic dictates,,,That when you disarm the good people,,,You embolden the bad people,,,

Criminals &amp; crazies don't give a shitabout your f'ng gun control laws,,,No gun control law will stop criminals nor crazies,,,Only your own weapon will,,,

REPEAL the 16th amendment [Allows the federal government to collect income tax]LEAVE the 2nd AMENDMENT ALONE,,,"

"the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."What f'ng part of INFRINGED do you NOT understand???F U Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. and you too prez O banana,,,

By the time the police get there,,, you will be long dead,,,You and your family's only chance is SELF PROTECTION,,,The police will not protect you,,, They will just put on your TOE TAG,,,

I agree with prez O banana,,,The USA needs STRICTER BACKGROUND checks,,,on VOTERS, IMMIGRANTS, FOREIGN WORKERS, FOREIGN STUDENTS, DRIVERS &amp; ALL POLITICIANS,,, Especially on the PRESIDENT,,,"

Coloradians do what you have to and if you need reinforcement let us know.  Take back your State and your freedom.

guns will always be on the street ,so lets move onWhy doesn't someone start impeachment on this buffoon?

"expand required background checks to .... online gun sales."McSquuse me ... but LEGAL online sales already go through background check, as the guns are shipped to an FFL (Federal Firearm Licencee) in the buyers home state.Attention Libs .... passing yet ANOTHER law to make something illegal won't stop criminal activity.  Laws DEFINE crimes, they do not PREVENT them.

The British wanted to disarm the USA civilians too,,, THEY FAILED,,,headline "The American Revolution against British Gun Control"This Article reviews the British gun control program that precipitated the American Revolution: the 1774 import ban on firearms and gunpowder; the 1774-75 confiscations of firearms and gunpowder; and the use of violence to effectuate the confiscations. It was these events that changed a situation of political tension into a shooting war. Each of these British abuses provides insights into the scope of the modern Second Amendment."[W]hen the resolution of enslaving America was formed in Great Britain, the British Parliament was advised by an artful man, who was governor of Pennsylvania, to disarm the people; that it was the best and most effectual way to enslave them; but that they should not do it openly, but weaken them, and let them sink gradually." -- George Mason of Virginia: Virginia's U.S. Constitution ratification convention, 1788

The point is there should be political peril anytime someone denies US citizens their Rights. It is the Bill of Rights. not wants, maybes, what I want you to have, you get the point I hope.

Dem logic is illogical.  They do not want to punish those who actually commit the crimes, but do want to punish law abiding citizens!!!

democrats from as long as i can remember my relatives discussing politics always felt if they did not think it right, it isn't right and you are wrong. think that is just a right wing way of thought. my aunts and uncles always felt what they prohibited was something you had to feel the same way about, from liquor to cigarettes to gambling to guns.  and they always voted for the democratic candidate.  being narrow minded in not just some bible thumpers way of life.

For those nonresident hunters out there who frequently travel to the elk capial of the nation, I urge you to spend your hunter dollars in a more constitutional friendly state such as Montana!!!

It is not worth going to Colorado or any where else without personal protection.  I have always enjoyed my time there, but I am going to keep my money in Texas.  I do feel sorry for all the people who will lose their jobs due to the tourists boycott.  To all my friends in the South Fork area, Y'all come on down to Texas where you can catch and keep more than four little 8 inch fish per day. To Fields and Hickenhopper, I hope you can feed all the people you have put out of work, but you and your ilk need to stay anywhere but Texas!

Get these crackhead, nutcase gun grabbers out of office Colorado!

Gun rights supporters are watching carefully.  The Dems are going to lose big in the next round of elections just like they did before.Here we go again... I am a resident of CO, and I can tell you right now that every democrat that appears on my ballot will NEVER see my " X " again.  Hypocritical, elitist pricks.I would like to see the ABSOLUTE, FACT-BASED, and VERIFIABLE answer to ONE question :HOW many people in that awful Aurora shooting were killed by a .223 caliber bullet ?ANSWER that one - and if possible, let me see the source to verify its accuracy and reliability.

Hickenlooper, what have you been smoking?

Liberals are all about if it feels good do it including all sorts of debauchery, gays abortions, liberal are mentally ill and they think they are sane!

Remember, when you vote democrat you never know what these fruitcakes will do....

Jefferson made it clear. Just because a man can burn himself or burn down a building with fire or drown himself in water, do you take it from him? No that is destruction of liberty.

I will not vote for any one who pusshes for watering down the 2nd amendment and favors gun control

"On every unauthoritative exercise of power by the legislature must the people rise in rebellion or their silence be construed into a surrender of that power to them? If so, how many rebellions should we have had already?" --Thomas Jefferson

my assault rifle has been in my home for 28 years and it has yet to assault anyone. Now if I were to come under assault- lets say be the ... government. Then maybe it would do some assaulting back. Otherwise it is just a tool in my tool box for survival

If a GOVT feels it has to disarm their citizens,,,There is something wrong with the GOVT,,,NOT WITH THE CITIZENS,,,

The President says if we can save one life.We need to ban hammers, knives, vehicles &amp; hospitals first then...2011 death statistics:323 by semi auto rifles(so called assault rifles)496 by hammers650 by knives12,000 by drunk drivers195,000 by medical malpracticeprez O banana knows gun control laws do NOT work,,,Chicago has strong gun control laws,,,The criminals are still shooting people daily,,,Gun control laws only make the victims unarmed,,

"Virginia Tech massacre" , 'GUN-FREE' ZONE"Aurora theater massacre" 'GUN-FREE' ZONE"Sandy Hook massacre" , 'GUN-FREE' ZONE"Chicago shootings" ,,,,,,, 'GUN-FREE' ZONEAnybody else see a PATTERN???

"Freud associates (r)etarded sexual and emotional development with fear and loathing of weapons"

The 2nd amendment is what protects all the others,,,prez O banana is doing his best to destroy the USA constitution and America,,,The 1st, 2nd &amp; 4th amendments are being GUTTED by prez O banana,,,

"You cannot invade the mainland United States. There would be a rifle behind each blade of grass."

We don't need you to tell  law abiding citizens what you think is appropriate. Stop removing the rights of Law Abiding Citizens. Stop panicking and appeasing those who live in fear.

vote the dem pos out of office no excuses

You mean people actually get angry when you try to take away their rights?  Imagine that!

I wish there was a state where the loonies were outlawed. Where our constitutional rights and beleifs wernt trampled by oppressive, knee jerk lirerals who dont have a clue. There would be prosperity and a secure border.

won't ever go back there .Liberalism has consequences.

My guess from all the outrage is that this guy didn't run on promising of imposing an anti-2nd Amendment agenda.The fact is neither did Obama.This is further proof that they will use any deception they deem necessary to impose their anti-Constitution agenda against the will of the American people.Did they not know this is what they intended to do? They knew damned well. So why didn't they say it during their campaigns? Obviously because they knew they wouldn't be elected. That means they they knowingly ran on lies to do what they knew the American people would never elect them to do. By simple logic, it means not only are they deceivers, but they are tyrants as well who no respect for the will of the people in a democratic republic.

I do believe he had not used an assault rifle at sandy hook  because the police said it was in his car and he had 2 pistols

“A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government.” George Washington"A free people ought... to be armed..." George Washington, speech to Congress on Jan. 7, 1790 (in Boston Independent Chronicle)

I hope this pile of arrogant #$%$ is tarred and feather and chased out of this state.

Criminals do not abide by laws, what makes you think new laws well have any affect on them?

bye bye bye

GOOD IMPEACH THEM ALL..................Gun Control is Unconstitutional.......and so-called gun control does not nor never will control the flow of illegal guns on our street's , it won't stop drugs, nut case's, gangs or any criminal from doing the crime. With all the anti-gun people in our country, I assure you none of them live at our level and they factually never will. All of the cities that have the strictest gun control laws also have the highest crime rates, thus it's all #$%$ made up so eventually we will all be servants rather than citizen's , our forefather's knew this thus the 2nd amendment (which was made to insure our GOVERNMENT was not in charge , WE THE PEOPLE ARE !!!

Hickenlooper just lost my support.  (Which he had as Mayor and Gov.).  Additionally, what ever candidate is opposing him will receive my finacial and volunteering support as well.  He has now been tested on the national stage and failed.

Colorado is done , because it is full of mentally ill Libs that came from somwhere else , including the Aurora theater shooter who was from California, who obviously went crazy after years of California leftist indoctrination. I agree with Michael Savage as he has stated that Liberalism is a mental disorder , there must be some drug that the Lefties can be made to take that perhaps could return them at least halfway back to normal.time to boycott KALIRODO, lived there over 20 yrs and its too kalifornia like now. I will not spend a dime on any business in the state, voted em in now live with what they do to you.

Dianne Fienstien = failure....hahah not even 40 votes bahahhahaa

This Governor and his acolytes and minions are TRAITORS to their state, its people, and the Constitution.“A nation can survive its fools and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, for he is known and he carries his banners openly against the city. But the traitor moves among those within the gates freely, his sly whispers rustling through all alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. For the traitor appears no traitor; he speaks in the accents familiar to his victim, and he wears their face and their garments and he appeals to the baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men. He rots the soul of a nation; he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of a city; he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less to be feared. The traitor is the plague”- Tullius Cicero - (106-43 B.C.) Roman Statesman, Philosopher and Orator

Fire them, then arrest them for treason.

Hmmm  Lets see the argument...why do you need a 30 round mag......my reply is why do you need a car that goes over 50 mph?   Cars cause more deaths, so why arn't sports cars illegal, shouldn't the governments be able to tell you what type of car you can have, and what type of car you are not allowed to have?......idiots   the whole liberal agenda is a bunch a dumb idiots

If our government can't get rid of 11,000,000 illegals, how in the hell are they gonna get rid of 300,000,000 legal guns???

2014 elections; everyone must realize that if the Reps don't keep the House we're done. America died last Nov and losing in 2014 will put the last nail in the coffin of this country.

Liberals stole Americans money in 2008!  They stole 40% of your 401Ks and retirements on bailing out their precious banker buddies and printing more money de-valuing the dollar by 40%. They were all laughing and drinking umbrella margaritas on a beach in the pacific!  Now their hard at work stripping you and I of our RIGHTS to own rifles and magazines.  Once this HickinLoopy signs this law I bet he receives a big ol fat check!

Even if all guns were banned, what government agency would have the balls to seize them ?

domestic-violence crimes are a joke.  They should not be attached to any gun restrictions.They can't screen out illegal Mexicans so how do they expect to screen out illegal gun buyers? Only the illegal buyers will fine a way around this law. Hay, after some one shoots 30 people with a illegal mag, do you think they care that the mag or gun was illegal?

laws are supposed to represent the majority of citizens wishes. SO, what are the majorities wishes.  law makers cannot/are supposedly not to make up their own laws, but only represent the constituents.

Politicians that are only interested in personal power have no respect for the Constitution.

the sad thing is the people making these new laws no nothing about guns and how they work. This is all about how they look or about how many bullets they can carry. Not one of the laws propossed will do one thing to stop another shooting. Just feel good fluff!! What a JOKE!!

Welcome to Texas Magpul! I sent an email to Hickenlooper yesterday letting him know my families vacations will no longer be spent in Estes Park. My money and my time will be spent in states that respect the 2nd.

Our founding fathers thought is important enough to put "The right to keep and bear arms shall NOT be infringed"  #2 on all the amendments of the Bill of Rights  #2?????   Why would this government of Colorado and or our U.S. Government ever want to suppress or intrude on that right of their allied citizens?  My God? These people are committing Treason before our very eyes!!  These people are trying to disarm us?  WHY??????  Why would you that to your citizens who are suppose to be your allied firepower?

It's not the caliber of the weapon; it's the caliber of the individual.Don't wait for 2014; fire this skunk today.

When did Colorado become so Liberal?

Knee jerk fixes don't fix the problum.Hick is not listening to the public he is hearing from Obama who is telling him what to do.

Making good people helpless doesn't make bad people harmless. Gun laws only keep guns away from citizens . We do not need new laws we need to enforce the laws wehave . Power may gain respect but restraining that power for what is right gainsAdmiration .only 42% wanting an assault gun ban since only about 15% of the people even know what the correct definition of an assault rifle is. There was even a poll done at one time that showed a large number of the city people they polled thought that all assault rifles were "Black" and that "black" guns should be banned! The AR15 AR = Armalite, NOT assault rifle) was designed for civilian use. It is not a "military-style assault rifle" In 1934, Congress passed the National Firearms Act. Under that federal law, purchase of any Fully automatic firearm requires written permission from the local chief of police, fingerprints and mug shot of the buyer, a 30 day FBI background investigation of the buyer, a $200 tax paid to the federal government, and waiting several months for the federal government to process and approve the paperwork.The current issue has nothing to do with "Full automatic weapons". The news media and antigun lobby has been incorrectly using the term "automatic" to refer to semi-automatic rifles, in an effort to confuse the issue. Semi-automatic firearms fire just one bullet for each pull of the trigger, just like the rest of the guns you can see in the display case at Wal-Mart. so according to the Libs "Assault Weapons" are most often used to commit crimes and are used by criminals. So if ordinary citizens don't need "Assault rifles", what your saying is that we should be armed with less than the criminals? Bad guys don’t obeyLaws that is why they are called criminals ! Is it ironic that the shooter did not use a high capacity magazine he just brought extras? All so Lanza’s broke 42 laws do you think he carded about braking 43 ?Please folks try and understand!  The liberal progressives are smarter than all of you, hence the name progressive.  They know what is good for you.  You are way too stupid to know how to take care of yourselves.  Luckily they are here to tell you how to live.  You don't need guns, freedom of speech and all that horrible stuff.  Just listen to them and everything will be just fine.  After all, one only has to look at California to see just how it is done.  The progressives have been running California for 20 plus years now and just look at us...Folks if you don't stand up for your rights, you cannot complain when you lose them!

This guy is a lunatick,,time for people to show their true beliefs,,move the hel out of there,and take ur business with u,,there are many states that will welcome u,,with open arms........gooooooo,,mag pal........

This reactionary law is not well thought out and is contrary to the desires of REAL Colorado citizens not the liberal imports from other states that buy property and the votes of like-minded politicians. Never did I ever consider the possibility of resisting the government, but they steam roll the will of the peoplel, and that I will not endure.

“Firearms stand next in importance to the constitution itself. They are the American people’s liberty teeth and keystone under independence … from the hour the Pilgrims landed to the present day, events, occurrences and tendencies prove that to ensure peace security and happiness, the rifle and pistol are equally indispensable … the very atmosphere of firearms anywhere restrains evil interference — they deserve a place of honor with all that’s good.” - George Washington

leave our #$%$ guns alone

Gov, How about talking the criminals into obeying your current laws and then you wouldn't have to impose new ones on law abiding citizens.

I do believe that passing down that family heirloom will be illegal soon, as it will be a "straw purchase".Please remember that NYC has set a historic precedent in the 1960's with registration followed by confiscation.Do you Obama voters think your grandchildren will understand what freedom really is when they grow up?

I think it is past time...We have been too complacent, too lazy.  Things were good so they got away with too much.  Now we are paying for that complacency or willingness to get involved.  We need to stand, but we must do it together.  The people need to take back this country.  We need to demand term limits, we need to remind them that they are here for public service, which means they get the same benefits/detriments that they vote in for us.  No special rewards, cars, bonuses, vacations, self voted raises, exhorbitent salaries or life long limits.  2 terms at the most.  No lifelong pay and no lifelong health insurance.  They can have the pleasure of paying for 'obamacare' too.  Social Security -- if we dont have any, neither do they.  Good luck!!   Oh yeah - and it's retroactive.  No grandfather clauses.  What do you say??  Are you with me??

Blame the idiots that empowered him.

there should be some sort of free classes on gun education so that those who want to carry...will be better rehearsed so that when the time comes to save lives...they can do so effectively"self-described moderate"....what a pansy#$%$ description of ones self. Remember that book "Great Moderates of History"? Me neither...

Dont worry Governor you butt will be gone next election, I can almost guarantee it. A Buch of idiots.

i think he was brain washed, first he sais that gun control would not have stopped the shooting, then to limit capacity then to keep guns from the outlaws, THAT IS WHY THEY ARE OUTLAWS.

there will be NO compromise.  An infringement on our 2nd amendment rights will only cause more victims.  Hickenlooper you area fool and a tool,  don't tread on me.

he calls himself a moderate because he cant admit he is left wingnut

Someone need to tell these idiots banning 30 round clips is not going to stop some nut bag.  They will just carry four 15 round clips instead of two 30 round clips.  WAKE UP PEOPLE!

we should respond by voting people into office who actually target the criminals rather than law abiding citizens

There are no moderate DEMO's.See the LIE in every L I b E r a l

Associated Press/Ed Andrieski, "marking a Democratic victory in a state where gun ownership is a treasured right and Second Amendment debate"I think a lot of Democrats would disagree.  (expand photo caption remarks)

I demand background and drug tests to get government assistance (welfare,unemployment...).Liberals are idiots, no matter what the subject. Everytime they stir up the gun control issue, democrats get voted out in the next election. It has happened before, and it is coming again in November. There will be a huge shift in power all the way from the city level to Washington D.C. In the long run, this may be the best thing that has happened to the US since Obozo got elected. We just have to suck it up until Novmeber, then vot all the morons out of office. Once that is done, we can undo all the damage they have done

People of Colorado, remember everyone who supported this and vote them out of office.

Once they disarm you by taking your 2A rights, there is nothing stopping the goverment from taking the rest of your Contitutional rights......to include your freedom of speech.  Every represive goverment in history started with disarming the public first, not all at once but step by step so the sheeple wouldn't notice.

James Madison, Federalist Papers #46: "Besides the advantage of being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation ... forms a barrier against the enterprises of ambition. Notwithstanding the military establishments in the several kingdoms of Europe, which are carried as far as the public resources will bear, the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms."

#$%$ the AR-15 was not used. It was in the trunk of the car. These stupid Democrats can't even read the reports. These politicians are a Bane to society. They are all worthless bottom feeders.

people need to read harry tuttle's,brainwashed,idiotic wild eyed liberal rant,and then you will see how important it is to join the NRA and help defeat his type of mentality.

CNN Poll: Support For Gun Control Is SlippingDemocrats were in a hurry to push through tough new gun control regulations after the Sandy Hook murders, and here’s the reason why. With the assault weapons ban fizzling in the Senate, support for new gun control laws is declining the further we get away from what happened in New Town, Connecticut:Washington (CNN) – A new national poll suggests that support for major restrictions on guns may be fading, three months after the horrific shootings at an elementary school in Connecticut.Although a majority of Americans favored major restrictions on guns or an outright ban in the wake of the shootings in Newtown, Connecticut, when a heavily armed gunman killed 20 young students and six adults, a new CNN/ORC International survey indicates that support has tumbled to just 43%, as more time has passed since that December tragedy.“Support for stricter gun control has fallen dramatically among two groups – older Americans and people who live in rural areas,” says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland. “In the immediate aftermath of the shootings in Connecticut, the number of rural Americans who supported major gun restrictions rose to 49% but now that support has dropped 22 points. Support for stricter gun laws dropped 16 points among Americans over 50 years old in that same time.”This why knee-jerk legislation is seldom good policy. Creating new laws in the heat of the moment, when emotions are running high, isn’t wise and those who push to leverage tragedy or crisis into political momentum should be ashamed of themselves.Our government was designed to move slowly, and work through representation instead of direct democracy, and for good reason.

so if american did actually become disarmed...and we get invaded...liberal gun grabbers wouldn't even know how to fight back...the whole time before the invasion they would be to worried about banning stuff

The AP, aka,  the Ministry of Propaganda, thinks that firearms play an outsized role.  It is the SECOND Amendment you morons!  No were is abortion mentioned in the Constitution, but the AP is all in on the Right to unfettered killing of the unborn.  It is time to revolt against the dishonest Press

When I went backpacking in Co. back in 1972 it seemed like a pretty stable and predictable place--just passing through down I-80 a couple of times the last few years I was totally amazed at the number of fruits &amp; nuts and weirdos all around the place.Going to be a lot of democrats out of work in the near future.

Time for WE THE PEOPLE  to take our country back from these socialist.

"...ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence..." is this a typo? Are they trying to take away rights merely for accusations?

DEmocrats have been taken over by MArxist radicals who else believes this is going to help.Who in history is always the ones who wants guns banned - totalitarian socialists period.99.9% of guns in american ARE NOT used in vilolent crimes99.8% of guns are not used in crimes as allGuns are used 4 times as oftern to prevent crime and then only 1% of the time are they firedOnly 1% of the time does the criminal take the gun from the defenderUK gun ban led to armed robbery spike of 40% and that resulting in 50% home invasion Vs 30% in AmericaAustrailia's ban led to 44% spike in armed robbery. How many will die Vs mass shooting in gun free zones:  &lt;0.044%/yr ??  Democrats don't care about the people - they live for some utopian idealist heaven on earth with them in control - if not communists UI's (useful idiots)

Magpul, please come ot North Carolina.

This Rhonda Fields that introduced the gun legislation in Colorado is nothing but a hood rat...check this out:"Although Rep. Rhonda Fields (D-Aurora) has previously claimed that her criminal record of larceny and shoplifting was due to a “dark” and “desperate” time in her life, public records show that her disregard for the state’s laws continued well into her tenure as an elected lawmaker."and this: “Colorado Rep. Rhonda Fields’ Rap Sheet Longer Than Previously Reported”And this: Her son, Javad Marshall-Fields, and his fiancée, Vivian Wolfe, were gunned down while driving in Aurora in 2005. The two were set to testify in a pending murder case……..So what we have here is a black woman, who has a checkered past, a son shot and killedand she represents the citizens of Colorado? She doesn't know what a law abiding citizen is.............and Hickenlooper is in bed with this tool????????????

elections have consequences, reap what you have sown colorado!

You could make a comedy show out of all the knee jerk reactions democrat controlled government makes to accute issues that make the tabloids....

The peril is not potential, it's as real as night and day. Clear and evident danger.

Another example of overreacting by attacking everything but the real problems.  Sad excuse for a Governor and self-professed "moderate".  He is selling out the Colorado people under pressure from the "idiot" in the white house and his fellow "demoidiots".  Stop destroying peoples rights and start enforcing the laws you already have on the books.  Enough of this nonsense,....ignore oBozo,...and get on with life.  And, needless to say,....vote these traitors out of office, and restore our citizens rights under the Constitution.The liberals run this country. Lesbians and gays. The Spock babies are in charge. Run to Mexico, come back as an illegal alien, your're better off, and more benefits.

Remember the good ole days? When the residents and politicians of Colorado weren't a bunch of pusscakes? Now ya got a lot of west coast candya(ss) influence there so they're all turning in to a bunch of phukcn pu(ss)ies

Please-Magpul, come to Iowa and we will get you set up right next to Brownnell.

Well, Colorado's seen the last of my cash until these stupid laws get repealed.

Governor Dickenlicker needs to leave the great state of Colorado and move to New York and become but buddies with Bloomberg

The statement should have been:"When you look at what happened in Aurora," we see the shooter chose a theater where guns were not allowed out of several more populated, closer theaters where guns were allowed. This is the policy that needs to be fixed.

No such thing as a moderate DEMO.See the LIE in every L I b E r a l

Colorado is now the new California, full of fruits and nuts!

The only ones that will ever be affected by this and all the other gun legislation is the law abiding citizen. Its sad that government cannot see that all the laws they pass in this world will never protect anyone in reality. It will just restrict those who obey and make criminals out of those that believe the Constitution trumps any law that "infringes" on their rights. Meanwhile the drug dealers and gang bangers and other criminal low life's and nut jobs will continue breaking the law and killing people."Oh, what sad times are these when passing ruffians can 'ni' at will to old ladies"

No new laws are needed. Just new Politicians. Enforce the laws currently in place and watch how quickly our immigration problem and gun problem is solved.Hickenlooper=bought and paid for by the dems. And everyone says the NRA buy votes!

Fenstien just stated that PTSD is a new and should keep guns out of the hands of veterans because they are dangerous.  Isn't all this gun control garbage about only having these types of weapons only in the hands of the military? But when they become civilians they are not qualified and cannot be trusted with a firearm?   PTSD, Shell Shock, The heart, Tired, Post Vietnam Syndrome call it what you want Feinstien but it is nothing new.

“If cowardly and dishonorable men sometimes shoot and unarmed men with armyPistols or guns. The evil must be prevented by the penitentiary and gallowsAnd not by a general deprivation of a constitutional privilege.”Arkansas Supreme Court 1878Actually a good argument Until the last word .We The peopleHave a Bill of RIGHTSNOT a BILL of Privileges

A Hayday for felons preying, on law abiding citizens striped of the right top bear arms for protection. They know where to go to rob, rape and murder at their leisure in Colorado. Da, da, commissar!

Time for a little history lesson: Back before the granting of statehood to Texas the Mexican Governement told the United States that if it granted statehood to Texas they would declare war. Mexico had the largest "Standing Army" in the world at that time. The United States had about 25, 000 men under arms at the time. Texas was granted statehood, war was declared and the Mexican armies were defeated. Why?It was because our Constitution provides that no law shall forbid us from keeping and bearing arms because of the necessity for a militia. We had a militia of sorts, but the greatest strength layer in the fact that so many of our people not only possessed weapons, but also understood their use and above all they were prepared to defend themselves against any sudden attack by an enemy. Remember we won our freedom because we were armed. We were not a simple peasantry unused to weapons. The men who wrote our Constitution knew our people would be safe from invasion or attack as long as they were armed.

A pen in the hand of this presidentIs far more dangerous then a gunIn the hands of 200 millionLaw-abiding citizens!!!

The duty of a true patriot is to protect his country from its GovernmentThomas Paine

If you think a theater filled with unarmedpeople against a lone CRAZY gunmanIs scary, imagine a disarmed populaceAgainst a tyrannical government

What's the background check laws for, "gang members" ??

I think all the liberal anti gun folks should show the courage it takes to place signs in their yards that read ...................."NO GUNS ON PREMESIS" !!! ........................we live with love in our hearts !!!IF you also reside in Co or WA, you could include a note...... "We also support possession of marijuana".....Never owned a gun with all  this going on we are getting our conceled carry permits and buying guns. Whatever these idiots do they will not make it retroactive

Hickenlooper does not belong in Colorado; deport him to Massachusetts.

If everyone would read the constitution and understand that the "State" was only granted the authority to control commerce and find out what that means you would have a better chance at fighting this fight.

Some politicians would have us believe that so-called "high capacity" magazines are responsible for a wave of death sweeping the nation. Academic, scholarly research shows the vast majority of homicides average four shots with less than 10 shots fired. While the Aurora shooter infamously used a 100-round magazine drum, these are novelty items that are prone to jam. In fact, it did jam probably saving lives. But mass shooters don't need 100-round magazines to commit atrocity – the shooters at Virginia Tech and Columbine used 10-round magazines, they just brought a lot of them (17 and 13 respectively). James Alan Fox states mass shooters often meticulously plan their attacks in advance; a high capacity magazine ban will not deter them as Virginia Tech and Columbine illustrate.Clintons Assault Weapons ban 1994-200411/15/95 - Lynville, Tn School shooting2/2/96 - Moses Lake, Wa School shooting2/19/97 - Bethel, Ak School shooting10/1/97 - Pearl, Ms School shooting12/1/97 - West Paducah, Ky School shooting4/24/98 - Edinburg, Pa School shooting5/21/98 - Springfield, Or School shooting4/20/99 - Columbine, Co School shooting5/20/99 - Conyers, Ga School shooting11/2/99 - Honolulu, Hi Office Shooting12/26/00 - Wakefield, Ma Office Shooting3/5/01 - Santee, Ca School Shooting3/22/01 El Cajon, Ca School Shooting1/16/02 Grundy, Va College Shooting4/14/03 New Orleans, La School Shootingdid not work then will not work nowConnecticut already has an assault weapons ban, as does New York. Tell me again how that works? We have thousands of gun laws on the books from federal, state, and county And Connecticut is no# 5 on the strongest gun laws ! Is it ironic that the shooter did not use a high capacity magazine he just brought extras? And all of the shooting has been in gun free zones tell you any thing ? Politician after politician have joined the television talking heads in calling for a new “assault weapons ban” patterned after the ten-year Clinton ban that was allowed to lapse in 2004 after Justice Department and private studies concluded it had no impact whatsoever on murder and violent crime rates and had become a symbol of wrong-headed governmental attempts to restrict firearms ownership in this country.

Flip Flop Hickenloopy!  What a leader...

I am all for gun control!  Oh, wait.  I changed my mind.  I am against gun control.  Oh, wait.  I am FOR gun control.  Oh, wait, I am against gun control.......Oh, wait.....

The thing about Colorado like alot of other states is you have one bid urban area that has alot of people who vote in the idiot dems which vote for this #$%$ but the dont share views with 70% of the state. In other words all the idiots from caifornia that moved to Denver and all the dope smoking college pukes in Boulder and Telluride carry enough votes to get their libtards elected.  They should change voting to one vote per county. Its the same with the presidency,

A division of Dept of Justice, NIJ, reported that assault weapon bans and magazine size limits are worthless.  Why keep pushing a ban that is a waste of time?  Because it is about liberal hatred of stereotypical NRA members, NOT saving lives.  Google "NIJ select firearm violence prevention memo".

Typical flip-flop politician. The Governer is trying to save his #$%$.Elect Sheriff John Cooke for the next Governor or better yet the next President. We need more lawmakers like this guy.

Funny how people want to know ur background to own a gun ,,,,,,,but we dont have to show us the background of an american president!!!!How stupid!  5+5=10, 10+10=20, 15+15=30!  No law, no tax, and not even the threat of summary execution would have stopped or will stop a nut.

they get what they voted for LMFAO

Impeach him for not adhering to the second amendment, you suppose they plan to stick it to us some MORE, that's why they want to disarm us because there future plans include a mass takeover of the world and Americans stand in there way. VIVA THE REVOLUTION we have grown soft over the yrs nobody wants to stand and fight for what this country stands for, FREEDOM.

Typical democrats.Always ready to make rules that effect the wrong people.They never address the real problem. They like to play mother may I. This way they can tax and steal more of your money. The democrats show the ignorance of the ignorant. I don't belong to either party their both corrupt.

FIRE him Co.

Come on now all of you happy Coloradans, submit and become like the greatest of all 57 states, Chicago.. er, I meant Illinois, the pilot for progressiveness.

They'll be gone.   Next election watch this state swing back.  Boulder county and Denver county are probably safe, and that's about it.  Every other democrat start cleaning out your desk.

A great enema will purge the State Legislature of Colorado come midterms.  Anti-American legislation will not be tolerated.

If I wish to rob a bank. The law says I can't do that. I'll compromise and only rob one a week.

"Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.  Really?  Mr. Governor, if you and others that wish to fundamentally change our country haven't noticed, it's the bad guys that pay no attention to laws that's the problem, not the honest people you are attempting to subjugate to your will.  If you choose to continue down the path you are on I would suggest the best way to prevent more "dangerous people" would be for the people to remove from office (preferably by vote) you and other agenda driven politicians that do not fully support our Constitution and the Bill of Rights.  Stop dividing our great nation and honor your oath of office.  Respectfully, an Illinois patriot (this is not just a Colorado issue) praying my warrior days are behind me.Go get them! Show them your rights will not be infringed upon and that you will not roll over as other states have done... I'm from IL. and I beg you please dont let your state become as corrupt and and backwards as my has. Stand up show  politicians that they should listen to their people.

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)."Yep, leave out the fact that the weapon jammed after the first couple rounds and Holmes switched to a non-"assault rifle".

GET RID OF EVERY ONE OF THESE OBAMACRATS.... usurpation and treason.Use the Montana model to revolk their bill

The f-en dems want all your rights and the sheep say good idea.

Being from Michigan I will be very interested to see how things play out in the so called swing states 2014.  I not sure the democrats remember what happened in '94 after the Brady Bill passed.

Once again, the AP's liberal mindset is showing through.  The thought being expressed here is that gun owners have a 'cowboy' or 'Wild West' or so-called 'gun culture' mentality, unsuited to 'modern society.'  The reality is that while there are significant differences in the perceptions/nees of rural areas vs. city dwellers, the basis of the 'tradition' of firearms ownership is rooted in an understanding of the Constitution/Bill of Rights, self-reliance vs. dependence on a dysfunctional Government, and the principles of individual Freedom, Liberty, and self-responsibility.

Colorado-Make sure these idiots do not make it through the next election process with their jobs intact. Voting has consequences, and sometimes you get what you deserve.

bye bye dems.

Colorado depends heavily on fishing and hunting fees from out of state and I suggest that those out of state hunters and fishermen go to Wyoming or somewhere else and take their money with them also!

It is official.  I grew up in Colorado.  I lived there from 1988 until December of 2012.  I was sad that I moved, I love Colorado.  Now for the first time, because of lickenpooper, I am glad to be a TexanColorado, you can vote you know.

I hope that the Sheriff's in CO who have threatened to not enforce any gun laws signed by Governor "Clown" standfast in their convictions and set an example.

The new Democratic Mantra is to reduce Gun violence but in reality it is Gun Control, and .......GUN CONTROL = PEOPLE CONTROL

Disarming responsible, law abiding citizens will not solve the Nation's social problems, nor will it limit the number of incidents of criminal violence any more than "Gun Free Zones" (or the myriad of other asinine social and economic policies that perpetually undermine moral values, personal responsibility, and accountability), will “protect our children.”  If guns are so bad, have the intellectual and moral courage to lead by example and first disarm your armed personal security staff and declare your office a “real” gun free zone.  Until then, don’t presume to curtail our constitutional and God given right to defend ourselves and our families to preserve the politician’s double standards and the politician’s failure to address the real proximate cause of violence:  the breakdown of family and the erosion of personal responsibility and accountability via bankrupt social policies which have only hurt the very classes of people they purport to help.

One of the reasons the Colorado Governor is doing this  is that he is afraid of the criminal.  Ask this politician why doesn't he go after the ones whom need to be in an institution and put them in an institution or the gangs doing the shootings on your streets and put them behind bars or send them back to the country they came from if they are illegal? Stand up to this  politician!  You pay his salary!   Why are all these lefty loonies going after law abiding, competent people?

The first step to take over a countrym dis-arm the people

What an idiotic concept... to pass laws that violate a citizen's rights and that criminals won't obey...Gun ControlIt is ironic that in the venue of the First Amendment it is the Second Amendment that needs to be defended. If the gun control advocates could have their way, it would only be a matter of time before they would be scratching their heads and wondering what happened to their First Amendment rights, and crying, “how could this have happened???”Amendment IIA well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.By definition, gun control is against the Constitution and therefore against the law. 75% to 80% of the comments posted in response to gun control articles are pro-Constitutional, pro-II Amendment, pro-gun ownership, which means the anti-Constitutional gun control advocates are a minority with criminal intentions, that being to destroy our Constitution. Gun control has always been a reaction to a tragedy rather than a solution to the problem. If they would pay attention to those who have presented solutions that have been proven effective, most of these tragedies would never happen. The media is predominately pro-gun control, and exploits people who are emotionally compromised by their loss to push their gun control agenda, their coverage of these events creates a false illusion to the public that gun control is a majority opinion. This is how a minority can seize control of a government and strip the majority of their rights. We should seize their “weapon” i.e. the media and make our voices so loud we can’t be ignored.

The gun control being pushed down our throats will be the undoing of the Dems  This is the one issue that brings all types of people together.  There are many types of gun owners, white collar workers, blue collar workers, highly educated, rich, and poor.  When it comes down to the 2nd amendment, this issue will trump all others.    People should not fear the government, the government should fear the people.

hey Dems, heads up: fix the economy stupid. Quit trying to take away our constitutional rights because you know you continue to make this country worse and worse and you FEAR us.  You are in office not by the Grace of God, not by your birth right but because we the voters put you there.

just think when our government collapes happens like greece we will have our guns unlike the greeks thats the issue and why they are scaredKnifes kill more people then guns when will they start taken them away

So we're going to do more background checks and limit magazine size.And we decided not to arm teachers or require armed security guards at businesses that ban concealed weapons.  Got it.

None of this will make any difference to a shooter that really wants to kill!! Criminals don't play by the same rules as the regular folk do. Get ready Colo., your all targets now!!!

Make sure this anti American DEMOCRAT has no ARMED guards, we would not want him to be a HYPOCRITE would we!

Malo periculosam, libertatem quam quietam servitutem     "I prefer the tumult of liberty to the quiet of servitude."   Thomas Jefferson

well i guess he is right on one thing a large calaber rifle is not something to have in a movie theater but it takes a crazy person to bring one anyway. fix the crazy people leave my guns alone. i dont go around shooting people so why should i pay for there mistakes

We need to rid ourselves of these out of touch lawmakers who take our rights away every chance they get. This entire gun control issue should not even exist! The issue should be MENTAL ILLNESS!! Our politicians should know something about that! Seeing they all seem to be affected by it!

Theres not going to be another election

Come on people you put these bas#ards in office and now they taking your 2nd adm rights away. It takes all to get together form your militia put them where they belong

Hummm! I see this as more than just about guns. I think Democrats have fallen off the cliff and have begun to really believe they are protectors.Most folks who think thru the situation, realize that the law is (1) unworkable and provides no protections to anyone &amp; (2) This world can be changed into a peaceful world of perfection wherein all people will come together in love and harmony.Moreover---they demand it.This is scary folks. The right allignment of the stars can cause another revolution.In ending----Democrats are not only idiots, they are sheeple and will be led to the slaughter by a scapegoat.Blessingsbloomberg style politics wont work, those politicians will pay the price next election. meaningless gun control measures WILL NOT PREVENT the next mental freak from killing. so hey ! thanks for wasting time and money on your feel-good side show !!!

10 times more people die in DUI wrecks then people killed with guns in the U.S and last time I checked it's illegal to drink and drive. And I'm pretty sure there's a law that says you can't murder someone.

liberals want to kill unborn people and keep death row inmates alive.

Does everyone in Colorado know how they're voting in the next election?

Here in Michigan, gun control has been left off the table. We sit by and watch politicians like Hickenlooper impose their will on our constitution to further their own ambitions.Magpul Industries, you are welcome to come here and put our people to work making your fine products.

The GOP will sweep the midterms in Colorado .

The most distasteful part of the law to me is they force background checks and the gun purchaser has to pay for the background check, if goes the way of transfer fees, some older rifles and shotguns may not be worth as much as the cost of the background check. And it won't stop the first criminal for getting a gun, not one.

If Hickenlooper and the rest of the democrat crusaders against gun rights want to make the streets safer, they should stop funding government run ghettos where the vast majority of rape, robbery and murder takes place...Every city has one including Denver.  You know, the places where you never go after dark...The fact is that democrats have funded the destruction of our inner cities all across the country.  If they weren't living off the rest of us, they would be too busy making a living to get into trouble...Ever wonder how street hoods stand on the corners all day long without working?  The baby mamas get the free housing from the government along with the food stamps, medicaid,  and an alphabet soup of free stuff including Obama-phones.  The males don't have to work.  They are free to get high, peddle drugs and engage in the gangsta life...

"No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms." Thomas Jefferson

"In questions of power then, let no more be heard of confidence in man but bind him down from mischief by the chains of the Constitution." Thomas JeffersonAt least we can get rid of the Democrats that want to take away our rights.  This is just the thing we needed to wake the people up.

1. Sign the Recall Petitions going around.2. Remember this betrayal come Election Day.If folks in CO. back down over this, there really is no hope.

What happened to Colorado? Pot smoking, child rapists with hardly no reprisals, openly gay politicians. Come on man. Wyoming is looking prettty good!

Vote them all out and repeal the restrictive laws.

Another Mao tse Tung....

How about if these guys think about public safety rather than their political careers, or which special interest group will attack them?

Sigh...won't be moving to Colorado after my last kid graduates after all...Man, I really liked Colorado Springs, too.  I mean really, now we're going to deny people their Second Amendment Right if they've been accused of a crime, not convicted?  Anybody can accuse anyone of anything, I understand denial based on conviction of violent crimes, misdemeanor or felony, but NOT just an accusation. That's common sense changes that keep guns from people who resort to violence to solve disputes. Why should you be allowed even ONE misdemeanor assault conviction, let alone MULTIPLE convictions, and still be allowed too purchase ANY type of firearm? That just doesn't make sense but it's legal across America.  I will support real changes to keep firearms from violent people but NOT smoke and mirrors legislation like this.

This what happens when you vote liberals into office.  They go after your rights and when you call them out on it they start in with the name game and what a terrible human being you are to society. Wake up America because if the libs have their way we will be in the same colored jumpsuits and will be told what think what we eat where we live etc. etc. etc.

Maybe when congress sees the backlash of colo. Gun owners they will back off. It will be ten fold in washington

I hope all gun and ammo manufacturers leave Colorado - I hope all outdoor hunting shows never produce another program in Colorado - I hope vacationers boycott Colorado.  Hickenlooper and the Democrats have ruined the beautiful State of Colorado.  Shame on them!In ever case from the Virginia tech shooter to the Aurora shooter to the Sandy Hook shooter ,it was well known that they had serious mental problems yet those were ignored and nothing was done, this is telling to me, without these incidents to  stir public opinion the government would not have reason to take our guns rights, yes I said it, they want these things to occur and you are expendable to them!

STUPID LIBERALS .. still believe FOOD STAMPS .. generates jobs!COO COO,  COO COO,  COO COO!

There ALREADY ARE background checks for online sales. The only way the media can be so consistently getting their stories wrong is if they're doing it on purpose to mislead the public.

I wonder if Colorado will begin reuiring extensive background checks (and extra fees) for out of state hunters?

Those of us watching Obama closely know that he promised to create and arm a new domestic army equivalent to the military. It has been happening right under Congresses nose without a peep. Now finally we see some concern. We can only hope this concern is sincere and won’t disappear when NJ Congressman Leonard Lance returns to DC.the DHS is ordering bullets and armored vehiclesJune 2008 Obama said in a speech in Colorado Springs we need a civilian military stronger than the military we have now!

go look up all the gun related killings how many had no drugs involved this includes sellers that are not using them.how many are prescription drugs ? to be on them would you not have to admit you have a problem to get them? do you really have to look for these people they come to you most the time! parents wont turn in there kids due to the help requires them to charge them with a crime before the goverment will help . this removes the child from the parents . they dont want to lose there child so a lot of them stay quiet about the problem . this dont help ether.In fact a person taking medication for ADD and has very bad mood swings got accepted into the police is in training and was already issued a gun lol now after they had a gun for a week or more are concerned about blood work showing the drugs lol were is there back ground check lol knowing this person and that they are in police training is scary.waiting to see if the keep them or throw them out!!!!they dont use the inf available yet think more will be better?

they should all loose thier jobs when they forget the constitution

LOL...the liberal media thinks Colorodans have guns because of Doc Holliday, Buffalo Bill, and the old frontier.

Many liberals and other fools in this country do not even realize how the Newtown, CT incident plays into the hands of the Marxists in power in D.C. and some states. People think they are doing something good. Hitler and his Fascists would have loved Liberals:"The state must declare the child to be the most precious treasure of the people. As long as the government is perceived as working for the benefit of the children, the people willhappily endure almost any curtailment of liberty and almost any deprivation. ”- 'Mein Kampf' by Adolf Hitler, Publ. Houghton Miflin, 1943, Page 403."If you wish the sympathy of the broad masses, you must tell them the crudest and most stupid things.""This year will go down in history. For the first time, a civilized nation has full gun registration. Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient, and the world will follow our lead into the future!"- Adolph Hitler, Chancellor, Germany, 1933

This is exactly what to expect when you elect a democrat. Gay marriage, killing the unborn, gun control and, allowing law breakers ctizenship.This nonsensical approach to guns is 100% the result of the touchy feely left's attempt to diminish gun rights.  The fact that if I sell/give a gun to someone without allowing the government to OK it makes me a criminal is absurd.Enforce the existing laws, make the use of a firearm in a crime an automatic 10 year MANDATORY prison sentenceIf a felon is in possession of a firearm, 10 year MANDATORY prison sentenceLying on a background check, 10 year MANDATORY prison sentence

"ov. John Hickenlooper says he supports gun rights. But a few months after famously saying the Aurora movie theater shooting couldn't have prevented by gun control, the self-described moderate started explaining how his thinking changed"Funny how these dem's know that what they are doing will have no effect at all, let they cont to push this on everybody. Seems like they are all delusional to me.

Funny Harry Reid just threw out Dianne feinsteins bill banning certain weapons and magazine capacities, wonder how all of these state liberal/progressives will do in the next election considering their leaders in Washington have just used them as test subjects to see how the populace would react to stupid laws that have no impact on criminals or security......

Leave us LEGAL gun owners &amp; our guns alone. What part of the 2nd Ammendment don't you understand?

Never infringe on any ammendment they were all put there for the very purpose that is now occuring.  When people say that the ammendments were written for a different time, remind them that history repeats itself.  Idiots are followers not leaders.  Vote carefully in the future.

Before giving up your firearms in this country, "Remember the cypriots, give me your guns then your money".

Colorado has changed into a progressive nut place. Why because the common people let it happen. So quit the whining vote them out and show the progressives it's over for them. I suspect Obama would move to Colorado from Chicago. Chicago is too dangerous; Colorado allows as much Marijuana as Obama may want (except for his daughters of course) loaded with progressives who will worship him; BUT golf season is too short. He appoint a blue ribbon commission to study the problem so he can continue to lead from behind.

Well comrad Hippenstinker showed he is true politican. He supports background checks but I can't get a background check on him legally.

the picture of a real coward and traitor to the USA.

the bad guy is still out there,......and the new gun laws just made outlaws out of honest gun owners...,hey dare liberals...you can bet you will be voted out of office.....remember these slimy low-lifes who don,t follow the CONSTITUTION"POLINOMICS"...  Vote em out!  Only do business with those who support the Bill of Rights,  as originally written and intended!

Be they a republican or a democrat, if I find that you make even the slightest attempt at a negative impact on my gun rights, I will make sure that my vote is not cast for thou.

Time to boycott travel and tourism to any of the states restricting 2nd amendment rights.  Start with New York, 40 million domestic visitors and who generated 35 billion in revenue in 2011 figures.  Next on the list should be Colorado and all the other States.  Stay out and away from them and any product they produce.  Down with the tyrants one way or the other.

Democraps "shooting" themselves in the foot again.  Both parties are run by creepy people.

This governor will be voted out quickly.

i think hookenpooper has been smoking too much of that state allowed wacky weed ! a gun can lay inactive for twenty years and never hurt anyone. because it is just a metal object. it is only dangerous when some dumb a#s high on wacky weed decides to use it to kill people. it is common knowlege that a gun cannot do sh#t by itself, it takes some dumb a#s crazy person to make it dangerous !! i guess hookenpooper must think col. is full of dumb a#s idiots like himself.!!!!

The gun haters want nothing more than total confiscation.  If you believe anything else, you are as big a fool as they.  I can only hope and pray that the GOOD people of CO will vote every democrat out of office as soon as possible and take back the constitutional rights they have freely just given away.  Wishful thinking I believe.

I say recall! Colorado residents, I say rise up and do the civic thing!

Criminals rejoicing in Colorado; they will have the fire power, and law-abiding citizens are left to fend for themselves.......

NY , Mass. NJ. Washington , DC. ,ILL. Colo. N.M. Calif. and probably Wash. &amp; Ore.DO NOT BELIEVE THE ADS ABOUT TEXAS BEING SUCH A GREAT PLACE . STAY AT HOME OR GO ELSEWHERE . Texas is a great place because of the lack of liberals , who are growing here at an alarming rate. WELCOME TO TEXAS ! NOW GIT ! The less people we have the better off we are .Too many liberals and illegals now. We do not need to encourage population growth here . We can do with less.I hope that the independents put up good candidates in 2014.  I would really like to see an independent party; independent of lobbyist, independent of the Koch suckers, independent of the defense industries, et.al..

Another politician that has sold his soul! I hope all of those if office that want control over me and you are ousted out of office ASAP! Our rights are not up for debate!

you think this governer was bullied in school?

"Gun control bills still pending in the state Legislature include a ban on gun ownership by people ACCUSED of domestic-violence crimes"...  So much for innocent until proven guilty.  What a convenient tool for the gun-grabbers.  Just have someone file an accusation of domestic violence as a pretext of violating your constitutional rights.

Well, it’s apparent Gov. Hickenlooper has just joined Obama’s WAR ON WOMEN.  Take away the right of women and men to defend themselves do he can become our DICTATOR.  Make your votes count and remember every Democrat or Republican that voted for this and vote them out of office.

I am a gun owner, and will defend myself, my family, property, community, state and country against criminals, including corrupt career politicians and all they send to disarm and enslave us, both foreign and domestic. I am duty bound by the Pledge of Allegiance, our Constitution, the 2nd Amendment and as an American citizen to do so.

So if this is signed into law, I have a feeling that many law abiding citizens are no longer going to be law abiding!

The Fort Hood shooter was a registered democrat MusIim.The Columbine Shooters were too young to vote but their families were registered democrats and openly liberal.The Virginia Tech murderer wrote hate mail to President Bush. Gee I wonder who gave him that idea?The Colorado theater Killer was a registered democrat, a staff worker on the Obama campaign and an Occupy Wall Street participant. He was as liberal as he could possibly be.The assassin of kindergartners up in Newtown was a registered democrat who hated Christians.One wonders why the liberal Democrats won't pursue the mental health issue... Fear of committal.

Why any one needs a AR-15 with a 30 rounds of ammo?Why dos any one needs more then one square of toilet paper ?(S)(H)(!)(T) HAPPENS !

Can you say Bye Bye Baby?The term "Gun rights" is a euphemism coined by those intending to violate man's rights. You have the right to possess ANYTHING you acquire honestly. Possessing something does no harm to anyone else. Then you have tyrants and crooks who believe they have a legitimate claim on you and your property and try to steal from you. Politicians do this using the law.  These inimical nit wits must be eliminated from the American landscape, They are a scourge to humanity.

Doc Holladay was a dentist from Georgia, not a native of Colorado. He DIED there in Glenwood Springs, Co. of TB.

If Colorado really wanted to make a statement against mass shooting they should have already executed the theater shooter.

Buffalo Bill and Doc Holliday were neither one a Gunslinger and neither was from Denver or Colorado. But if here alive today they would become gunslingers and clean out the LibaTurd disarm WE THE PEOPLE in Colorado.

Final act of betrayal to the constitution you swore to uphold..."Shall not be infringed" look up the word infringed you COWARD, you are the Governor of a beautiful state but you are now just going to be removed and marked for life as a no good COWARD who stole the constitutional rights of the people of Colorado. What a POS you are!

Democrats don't care about losing an election because they passed bad laws.....demoscum are like cockroaches, there's plenty of them.Their idea of incremental moves to the left is worth anybody's political career.  Incremental moves to the left and more an more rights are limited.   f------ dirt bags

"Gov. John Hickenlooper says he supports gun rights" Of course he says he supports gun rights.  Kim Jung Obama says he's a Christian, his birth certificate is real, he loves the USA, and he would cut the deficit in half in his first term too.Anybody see a trend here?  When you elect communist/democ_rats you get what?  COMMUNISM.  Surprise!!!Now, I can't guarantee 'ol commie Hinkenlooper will burn in hell for his part in the destruction of the US Constitution, but he's sure made a good start at it.

Buffalo Bill was also a show man and educated the easterners about the ways and life styles of the migration west. For the people of Colorado hell yeah, you can vote them out but who are you going to blame for voting them in?

The end of Democrats, finally. All gun and ammo companies in Colorado, come on down to Texas. We would love to have you. This Republican state is booming economically compared to the others.

I hate Colorado for this one reason; California is so poorly managed that all the liberals,l after ruining that state, have moved eastwards, over the mountains. They hate Utah because they hate religion and moved to Colorado. The result, currently, is California "lite" and on its way to a pure liberal haven. Legalized drugs, refusal to sign Jessica's law, 2nd amendment on trial, high taxes, high amounts of regulation. It is ridiculous.I hope all of you free people in Colorado stand up and recall the fools that are taking your freedom!

Local police officers have always been free to pick and choose which laws they want to prioritize.......including motor vehicle laws among others, not too mention district attorneys can take it even further and not prosecute any laws they don't want to prioritize....nothing new here.

All politicians need to understand that "rights" are non negotiable and we will stand up and protect them.

This country has a mental health problem disguised as a gun problem and a tyranny problem disguised as a security problem. Who has a thumbs up for this?

Somewhere in Colorado, there's a tree stand with a rainbow flag hanging off it.

Colorado's pissant politicians should have waited a few days; Washington DC can't pass any gun control.  Nice to see Americans draw the line, and say enough is enough from this B*S* administration!!!  This is just the tip of the iceberg; keep the momentum going, and "We the People" can and will take back our country.

Regardless of which side of the aisle you stand on it's pretty easy to see where the majority alignment is most prevelant.  If it's still truely a democracy simply put it to a vote among the citizens and live with whatever the outcome may be.  Of course with politicians involved is it even about the issue anymore or more about political gain?

I live in a conservative county in Colorado but 70 miles from here is Telluride and the libs control that county, every summer they have the naked bicycle ride right down the main street, women and men riding naked as mothers hold their tykes as they watch this, the paper had it on the front page I was in another town and see it featured on the front page, this is the liberal infestation here in Colorado and it get much worse, debauchery is something they love, Rome went down over his same kind of thinking !If you search you tube you can find this !

2 billion dollars for free cell phones when we are 16.7 trillion in debt, and 250 million more along with arms to the Muslim Brotherhood, we have gone insane!

Any tard can pop a clip in fast enough, before some panicked victim could make it from the first row to the fifth row in a movie theater.How under Obama did the ATF ship arms to the drug cartel and who is in charge, was it cleared by Eric Holder and why did obama evoke executive privilege over this?

I live in a conservative county in Colorado but 70 miles from here is Telluride and the libs control that county, every summer they have the naked bicycle ride right down the main street, women and men riding naked as mothers hold their tykes as they watch this, the paper had it on the front page I was in another town and see it featured on the front page, this is the liberal infestation here in Colorado and it get much worse, debauchery is something they love, Rome went down over his same kind of thinking !If you search you tube you can find this !

Recall the "Hick".

How in the hell can these politicians pass these laws which are against our constitution and they swore to uphold when entering their position.  It is treason against these United States of America and the ALL should be publicly hung.  Why do they think our forefathers wrote this very important document that was to protect the american people from our own government.

Liberals, the group that tells you men sodomizing men is a natural act, that killing babies is a form of birth control, that convicted murderers are just misunderstood and should be allowed to live out their lives like everyone else, well except the victims.

I hate to say it but, I will never buy Coors beer again. Sorry Colorado.

Colorado joined the ranks and the likes of the KKK. Jim Crowe laws of the old south did not allow blacks to own guns. Colorado has moved one step closer to Jim Crowe and the KKK with their laws to make average citizens 'safer' from gun violence. Somewhere in some universe it actually makes sense to disarm law abiding citizens so they will be safer from criminals with guns.I am boycotting Colorado. I will spend no more money on fishing, hunting or any other recreational trips to Colorado. My family and I no longer feel safe from the criminal elements that now have full control of that state.

Recall Gov. John Chickenpooper!

I would urge all major gun manufacturers, parts makers and suppliers to pull out of Colorado and terminate their existing employees.And for those same producers, I would suggest boycotting all suppliers and vendors in Colorado as well.Money talks. Politicians are great #$%$ artists. Guess who walks when the money talks? Politicians.

In the womb you as a Fetus need the right to a AR15 ,so when the liberal abortion doctor comes with his forceps to get them they can fight back!How about back ground checks to vote? If we had those in place there would be no Dem party left. And that Commie Obama would be back in Chicigo lying and thieving there.

More people are saved by guns yearly in self defense than murdered by guns.

We will try Gov. John Hickenlooper and all those LiberaTARDS for treason.........

Yahoo should require an IQ test so liberals would not be eligible to post.

Keep it up liberals ... 2014 is gonna be sweeeeeeet!

Bye Bye Libs!

If you think this is the end....mark my words, this will not go well to those who "rule" over us.  You think we are not paying attention?  You won't enforce immigration laws but you insist on taking our 2nd amendment rights away?  You will pay a price.....a political price that you won't be able to recover from.

Maybe the govenor should sign a law banning crime and poverty. Liberals would think that would be possible!

A liberal = a pervert, nothing more.

Rush Limbaugh straightened me out in 1989 I was liberal with a brain full of mush like most liberals are, I stumbled across him on the AM radio and thought this guy is the rudest person I have ever heard, but I kept listening and he made sense and this morning on his show he was making the most concise sense and clear sense I have heard, and liberals thought he would be done with by now!!Hicky is an idiot.  If you ever sit down and listen to him without his speech writers, he is a bliddering idiot.

Election time is comming demlibtards carears will END!

No one needs a magazine over 15 rounds and no one needs a car that can go over the speed limit.  All cars that can go over 80 mph are now banned in Colorado.  None can be sold.  Manufactures will either stop selling cars or have Colorado special cars with governors to prevent going over 80.

Ban the polititions and ban the education system ... put the schools back into the hands of the parents.

Liberals always refer to white guys who go deer hunting as gun nuts, notice these same liberals never call balck and hispanic guys who kill each other as gun nuts

We can only hope it DOES have a political impact!  Throws these folks who voted for this diminishment of our 2nd amendment rights out.  They swore to defend the US constitution, but gutted it instead.  Impeach them NOW!

All these stupid libs f-cked up California so now they leave and start #$%$ up Colorado now.Sheriffs stay stronge and the hxll with their control tactics.

Democrats = gun-grabbers.

If he signs those laws, he has no national prospects.

If guns only murdered the unborn, liberal #$%$ would insist every household had one.The honest truth is this man was armed for war.  But still only managed to kill 20 something kids.  As sad as it is somebody could do more damage with a screwdriver.  Gun laws would not have saved one of those precious lives lost that day.

The word "Liberal" you would think that restricting of rights and killing the unborn wouldn't be part of their agenda but, it is the spearhead

Only a criminal mind would want to limit a law-abiding citizen of firepower!!  Wow!!  Colorado has some serious internal issues.

Looper only won because Mays was the spoiler who prevented Tancredo from becoming our Governor. This was a perfect example of political machinations, and look what we ended up with. TT would never have done this!

There will be new job openings in Colorado and DC.  If there is only a slim majority, don't go out of your way to (p)(i)(s)(s) people off.

Another idiotic democrap.  Is there any other kind?

The "TRUE" colors of Obama are "finally" being realized, and "WE the People" had enough!Stand strong, "United"; we can fight this evil in our midst. (Federal Government purchased over 1,250,000,000 rounds of ammo; wonder why the shelves are empty)God bless America!

thats ok colorado will have a republican cabinet come next election! all the dems will add to the unemployment. serves them right!

Freedom given up for safety is a fool's bargain.  and, I noted that one fellow says that law abiding citizens will give up their arms - I wouldn't really count on this if I were you buddy.I don't see everybody turning in their dope, do you?

Wanna PO a liberal? Steal their weed and smash their dorritos with your AR 15.I am from Mass, and we have some tough gun laws. I have an LTC and I still have to check to make sure I am legal at times. Do criminals carry guns here? Of course they do. Does 10,15,30, round magazine restrictions prevent mass shootings? Not at all. Just makes it more complicated and makes good people criminals.

I can change out the 50 round clip  of My tp-90 in less than 1.5 seconds ( 50 rounds per clip ). Most who are good can change out the clip in an AR 15 in the same amount of time. Think about it, it is all in the persons hands who is handling the rifle. Not the capacities of the clips.

The AR 15 was still in the trunk after the shootings

Why should anyone be surprised? I would like to know how many of these mass murders bought their guns and went through any background checks prior to them commiting these acts?

Mike and Carys are trolls......

When you think that you know what is best for your constituents and do not listen to them, well it is a political killer and you definitley will not be around much longer. Diane Feinstein will be seeing this in the next election cycle.

If the Liberals want us all to be gay and happy, why don't the join the guy at Penn State who rapped 10 to 14 year old boys?  As odd as it may seem to you, we hate this.

Yes, keep guns and ammo out of the hands of Homeland Security!  What do they need all those rounds of hollow point bullets for?  Why the tanks?  For when the banks crash and the people wake up.I'm thinking CO will turn back to Red state next election.  The Dems here are in dire need of evaluations.

"Gun control bills still pending in the state Legislature include a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes "This sentence concerns me -- Gun ownership is banned for people "ACCUSED" not convicted but " ACCUSED" of Domestic Violence . So much for innocent until proven guilty

I will be the first to stand in line to vote out the liberal nuts in the colorado house and senate that think for a minute the restrictions they put in place is going to curb crime. Liberals in a big hurry to look like they are accomplishing something. patheticSenator Diane Frankenstein's gun bill just went down in flames and hopefully so will John Lickenpooper's political career.

Legalized weed &gt; now everyone is to lazy to stand up for their rights. "Woah......pass me the doritos man."

too late to grow a brain. your gone. "shall not be infringed".

Now if Magpul were manufacturing hookah's, Hickenlooper would probably offer tax breaks.

Guns are just tools Like a wench or a screw driver nothing more or nothing less. And just like all tools in the rite hands they can fix a car hang a door stop a crime from happening. In the wrong hands they can strip a car clean or pull all the copper out of your home or worse kill you. Making laws that attack tools is just plain stupid. Why not teach from a young age how to use these tools, their purpose, their limits. By doing so we would not only help ensure the survival of this nation but it would also prevent these tragedies from ever accruing.

Man, these politicians are stupid !!!! Limit the amount of rounds in clips and someone will just take more clips and perform a tactical mag change during a shooting....Do they have any idea how many mag changes a person could do in less than 1 minute....It's alot!!!

Typical LYING Democrat .... Do they EVER tell the truth????

here is what I would like to know ...state law can not supercede federal law .....and since this is a state law .....you get charged with a hi-cap mag there and good lawyers you could get it overturned and I wonder about all these states jumping on obama/double barrel biden`s band wagon

"It is disappointing to us that money and a social agenda from outside the state have apparently penetrated the American West," the company said in a statement.We know it is the dems and liberals pushing their agenda and we will take care of them come election time, but where is this money coming from?

If one of our lawmakers could specifically define and explain how these changes to the laws can be enforced so that the criminal is prevented from gaining access to a weapon I might be swayed (and I do say Might) to think in another direction.  The logical person says that laws work only for those who abide by them, therefore someone with criminal intent has already decided that the laws do not pertain to them or that they do not have to abide by them.  How does this prevent anything.  Simply saying "Because I said so" doesn't work.  Our laws over the years have gradually shifted from protecting the innocent to punishing the innocent and protecting the criminal.  These shootings are tragic and there is no excuse or reasonable answer for why they happened, but rash laws that really prevent nothing are not the answer either.  For the record I have ex military friends that can cycle and change a 15 round magazine almost as fast as someone can cycle a 30 round magazine.  By reducing the size of the magazine is it plausible that we would only be forcing the shooter to become more effective with his weapon.  That is of course if he did abide by the law that only allowed him to buy 15 round magazines because of course he has already crossed the law that says murder is not right.  just saying.  Not an easy solution.  I think there might be middle ground somewhere but we have not found it.Eventually this country will not have a constitution.  There will be no elections.  There will be no press articles released before being screened by local authorities.  Anyone degrading a president or authoritive figure openly will be prosecuted or worse.  It's the natural evolution of countries.  Just go with it.

So, what have the globalists offered you, Hickenlooper? A shot at the White House?Get to be Hillie's running mate?   What is selling out your nation worth for someone like you?

There are no good guns, There are no bad guns.A gun in the hands of a bad man is a bad thing.Any gun in the hands of a good man is no threat to anyone,except bad people."Charlton Heston

What part of "SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED" don't these idiots get ?

Snollygoster.  Look it up.  Says one thing to get elected and does whatever he/she pleases to advance their own agenda after the lie to he public. is successful.  Of course the public seems to be doing a perfectly good job of lying to itself.  Note the comment by "Rose" who doesn't seem to be able to spell or put words in order let alone express a cogent thought.

MAKE AN EXAMPLE OF HIM ,VOTE HIM OUT.

Good for Magpul. I would like offer an invitation to you to check out Michigan as a possible relocation destination. We would love to have you here.

Take all the mass murders in the last four years and they have been democrats. Simple solution is to just ban democrats from owning guns. Then America would truly be a much safer place.

Tyranny works best when it hides in the cloak of a moral mission.Leslie Powers

Sounds like the state just wants to profit more on gun sales.  Do they really think people are going to follow laws meant only to enrich the state?  They really don't know much about the average American.Since when does the Constitution infer ""Surely, Second Amendment advocates and gun control supporters can find common ground in support of this proposition." ? There is no common ground, I  get sick of saying the same thing over and over "what part of shall not infringe don't you understand"? I hope the liberal Democrats and Republicans who are pushing their agenda over the bodies of children pay a hefty price in the next election in their State.    Hagrid

Put them out of office. The people of Colorado should not allow their politicians to violate their rights and get away with it.

&lt; - - is all about PUNISHING the Legal, Hard Working, Law Abiding citizens, &amp;REWARDING - the Criminal, ILLEGAL, &amp; Lazy.

Recall Hickenlooper NOW!The petition is at CHANGE DOT ORG! Spread this EVERYWHERE!

The voters can have the last say if they choose not to forget come midterm elections

It will be interesting to see if the Democrats retain power after the next election in Colorado..

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'" Hickenlooper said in a December interview.Ever heard of 3-gun competition?  Lots of hi-cap mags used.  Hundreds of matches all over the country and when the match ends we don't turn the guns on each other or go shoot up a school yard.  But people like me are now the crazies...

I hope he signs them so we can get him and anyone that anything to do with our rights out in 2014 so i hope hears this him the sentors and congress gone !

magpul come on down to DFW, great location and great state,

The only 'terrorist' that may be denied a gun through a background check is the little girl that made a 'terroist threat' when she said she was going to shoot he friend with a hello kitty bubble gun.....see background checks work! the did for the evil one in CT and for Gabbys husband.....hope his liberal views come back and bite him in the #$%$!!!

When will everybody learn?  It is not the gun, it's the NUT CASE behind it.  When was the last time a gun just laying on a shelf went on a shooting spree?  A pencil is a deadly weapon!

They have shoved these laws through. With out even one reservation. Hickenlooper is a 2 faced liar. He responded to Aurora stating that there were no laws that could have prevented it.I say we not only ruin his political life now, but also his private business life as well. See how he likes telling his employees the gun control screwed them out of a job.

Mayor Bloomberg is a dictator, he cannot dictate how people want, he can't decide what the people of New York wants, people of New York can decide of their own!   if it's bad for them then let them face the consequences not Bloomberg!

Are Hickenlooper and Bloomberg brothers?

Hickenlooper, you dummy, most of the damage came from a shotgun.  Get your story straight.

Yes lets find common ground give me some of what i want and let me take some of what you want and this is the demacrates common ground

if hickendooper had that little strip of hair under his nose guess who he wouldbe a 90 percent picture of? ---ler

This guy is a lying piece of #$%$.  If he truely believed in the 2nd Amendment he wouldn't be doing what he is doing.

The gun laws went well for the British and Hitler. It only cost millions of lives.homeland buying up ammo to keep it away from americans.this is really bad and you know what arab is doing this

Laws, laws and more laws.. There's a problem here.. Criminals don't obey the laws that's why they are criminals. So, let's pass more laws and we will feel better.

So the next time some nut kills people in a public area that does not allow Concealed Carry... The Democrats will take responsibility for the deaths(ya right).... This entire debate is insane.

with these gun control laws going into place...i'm sure the crime rate will jump in colorado

one thing for sure gun laws do not work

Our Governor is supposed to look for ways to create jobs and a healthy economy.This guyand his buddies in the state legislature are doing their best to destroy it.

Of course the Police always stop crimes. Makes perfect sense to take away everyone's ability to defend themselves, put hundred of thousands of people out of work nationwide and kill all the revenue generated by companies that manufacture arms. The economy and jobs market are so strong, everything will work out great!

Not only that, but I will never vacation there nor spend money in that direction.

While you were guarding a homosexuals bedroom rights democrats are stealing historical rights ... You inherited them.. you will have to bleed to get them back

HEY! JOHN HICKENLOOPER ..... MOLON LABE.... FROM OUR COLD DEAD HAND'S......... John dont write a check with your mouth that your #$%$ cant cash Cop's and the Military swore an oath to protect the constitution from enemies BOTH Foreign &amp; DOMESTICThe sportsman &amp; hunting industry should stop buying license's to hunt, or anything to do with the firearms industry in the state of Colorado. When the multi million dollar income from the hunting &amp; firearms industry dry's up. Maybe those left wing liberal jerks will wise up. I know it's hard to fix stupid, but just maybe it all can be changed at the voteing booth for Colorado.

Say good bye to the Democrats in Colorado next election. It is so funny that the Democrats are repeating exactly what happened to them after the assault weapon ban, they will lose the majority and their agenda will be thrown out. Definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result. So I guess Demos are proving they are really insane.

UK.  At least 12 people are now known to have been killed by a taxi driver who went on a shooting rampage in the county of Cumbria in north-west England.Wait, I thought England had strict gun control laws. How can a taxi driver get a gun and kill 12 innocent people, with the unarmed police following behind unable to do anything?Disarming law abiding citizens is not the answer.

Another two faced politician doing his bidding instead of the will of his constituents.  coloradoans have the right idea.  these clown have to be made to understand that they cannot legislate the constitution.

Still no pig-a-tican has the guts to look at mental health or the movie &amp; video industries....

What a biased article. Everything pro gun is described as 'republican' when this is a rights issue. Newsflash: There are many gun owners in Colorado that vote Democrat. Many are just as upset over the magazine limit as anyone. These measures are only being passed because the Dem officials in Colorado are still in 'get back at Repubs' mode. If they cared about safety, there would be mental health issues raised, not bills that limit freedom for law abiding Americans.

Criminal background check:"you knows how to use dat?"

Keep a list of all the state lawmakers who voted for this and vote them out as soon as possible.

This what happens with red state that turned blue. democrats destroy the state the move on to a new red state to take over. Remember they will just need the inner city's to win the elections. And this not to about gun control it's people control the left lives for crime so they can move there agenda.

The really sad part about this is that the criminals are laughing their heads off and could care less about all these new laws.We do not blame cars for drunk drivers, why do they always blame guns because of what CRAZY people do with them.They can ban para-military rifles and large capacity magazines, but what will they do with the millions of them that already exist ? They also say they want to do a more extensive background check-balderdash, more extensive- a background check check is a background check-they have not even been doing anything with the info they have been gathering.  Check out the crazies-they are the problem.Ban firearms and people will use ball bats,knives or ball point pens to stab others in the eye.

3 of us were looking to go hunting, guess we well not be going to CO.

If private sales and gun show sales don't require background checks, then why are we doing ANY background checks at all? Can someone explain that to me?

the dems in colorado are touting this gun grab as a success but they are forgetting a few key things. A. the people of colorado do NOT seem to be happy about this. B. if they had a SPARK of honesty in them they will admit that they did NOT run on a gun grab platform or the GOP contender would have won by an EASY margin. instead they slid in greasily by scaring the elderly with ss and medicare bs even though at the rate of inflation with the DNC handouts they are easily stealing FAR more buying power from the elderly.They took the B. Owebama route of saying that they were not going to go after guns and then went back on their words. They will find out as did the DNC Congress that voted in the since expired and NOT renewed Brady bill in the 1990's that prevented NO crimes statistically or otherwise that most of them are in peril of losing their jobs.I sincerely hope that the good people of colorado rise to the occasion next election beat a path to the polls and fire all responsible for this great theft of liberty. I also hope that they join the rest of america in demanding voter id and the enforcement of current laws on the books not the creation of new laws targeted more at the law abiding than at the criminals. I believe in an America that respects the right of people to smoke pot in colorado no matter what my personal feelings on that substance may be and I believe in the right to not have to pay for the rest of my life for the corrupt and wasteful deficit spending of a Congress mostly so corrupt that it should as the popular joke goes have to " wear its sponsors names on its attire like a Nascar driver", I believe in the right to own a gun of any mag capacity and I believe in the swift punishment of crimes with minimal hype and fanfare to attract other psychotics to commit similar crimes against humanity. I believe in the Constitution, I believe in America. Don't let the constant drone of the "progressive" media drum distract you from your job next election. Support Liberty, Support the Constitution.

Might as well do it right. Let people have rocket launchers and surface to air missles. If we are going to become Syria might as well get started.

political peril for the gungrabbers in colorado is an understatement. I am sure the good people of colorado will show their TRUE feelings for the 2nd Ammendment next election. We will show politicians what happens when they trifle with the Bill of Rights in states that still remember the Constitution

If this country does not wake up and start fighting for our rights we will wake up and be just like Russia and China. Vote these people out!!

“False is the idea of utility that sacrifices a thousand real advantages for one imaginary or trifling inconvenience; that would take fire from men because it burns, and water because one may drown in it; that it has no remedy for evils, except destruction. The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are of such a nature. Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man.”― Cesare Beccaria

every state needs a "we the people" bill to be enacted, so basically it's safe guard our rights, and let the people vote out any bad leaders at any time

What's changed? Not that many years ago (well maybe a godly few more than I remember) I bought a semi-auto rifle from a Sears catalog. You could buy one at your local hardware store. We didn't have mass shootings.. 400 years of guns in this country. What's changed?gun free zones prevent crime like speed limit signs prevent speeding...

The people of CO deserve what they get for electing this #$%$  Don't forget CO also voted obama bin lyin'.

Kick the Leftist OUT of office.....seriously....

Colorado better check their mag limit law...it allows for outlawing all mags as any mag "COULD" be modified to hold a larger amount of rounds.

Martin Luther King: I HAVE A DREAM...Obama: I HAVE A DRONE...

It's called courage.

In '95, Holder called for anti-gun info campaign: 'Brainwash people into thinking about guns in a vastly different way'President Obama promised “meaningful action” to prevent gun violence, but he didn’t explain exactly what that meant. Although a push for some kind of gun control legislation seems likely, there’s also the possibility of an anti-gun “informational campaign” as described in 1995 by then-U.S. Attorney Eric Holder.Holder, now Obama’s attorney general, proposed using various levers of media and pop culture to attach a social stigma to guns, just as smoking has been stigmatized in recent decades.“One thing that I think is clear with young people and with adults as well, is that we just have to be repetitive about this,” Holder told the Women’s National Democratic Club while discussing how to curb gun violence in D.C. “It’s not enough to simply have a catchy ad on a Monday and then only do it every Monday. We need to do this every day of the week and just really brainwash people into thinking about guns in a vastly different way.”To that end, he called for the “creative community” — “those ad agencies that create these snappy ads and make me buy things that I don’t really need” — to focus on convincing young people that “it’s not acceptable, it’s not hip to carry a gun anymore.” He emphasized that newspapers and television need to devote prime space to these ads.Holder also called for people who have influence over youngsters, entertainers, athletes, to be involved in this program as well” — an idea that could plausibly be revived in the wake of the murder-suicide recently carried out by the Kansas City Chiefs’ Javon Belcher. “But not only them – community leaders, Jesse Jackson, Mayor Barry, people who have credibility with young people should be on the television, on the radio, as much as we possibly can and telling these youngsters that it’s wrong to carry a gun,” Holder added.To be sure, Holder came up with this idea 17 years ago to address a problem of local gun violence; there’s no guarantee he’d revive it now. But the Obama administration has hired public relations firms to promote Obamacare and crafted advertisements to drive participation in the food stamp program, so it’s not implausible that the president’s team adopt similar tactics on the gun issue.

I am sick of hearing these gun grabbers say they support gun rights.  THEY LIE.  I am not from Colorado, so I am unable to help,  except for this bit of advice.  YOU VOTED THIS JERK IN ...NOW VOTE HIM OUT BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!

shouldn’t CRIMINAL control be more important than gun control?So Mr President I hear you want to control GunsSure would be nice if you could control spending

Still treating the symptoms instead of the disease.Until the underlying cause is addressed these things will continue to happen.WE NEED CRIMINAL CONTROL NOT GUN CONTROLshouldn’t CRIMINAL control be more important than gun control?Obama thinks that peeing in the wind works...I'd bet that those cartels didn't get background checks; right Eric?I'm still waiting for my $2500 healthcare premium discount&lt; - THIS PIG .. to the far left promised in 09.

thats what happens when you elect democrats in your state - you should have thought about it - you made your bed - now you have to live with it -

Let all the load mouthed liberals pay the price...Vote them out Colorado...

I once loved Colorado..All the IPA Beer, skiing, Pearl Street in Boulder,  Estes Park, rocky Mountain Nat. Park, the mountains, etc...But I will never again step foot in that state, and will never spend a dime more there..FY Colorado..I hope like hell Magpull PULLS OUT!!!!!!!

I was a Democrat from when I turned 18 until last week(22 yrs). I actually got online &amp; found out how to change my Party Affiliation &amp; did so. I don't agree with Republicans on everything, but I know 2A is what makes us citizens instead of subjects. That's where I drew the line. Next elections I'll be voting against every politician who failed to protect the Constitution. Enjoy it now Dems-you're alienating voters you didn't even know you had.

Next thing you know the govt will be tying Colo residents shoes for them.

My Wife and I live in Wyoming and are forced every once and a while to travel to Colorado because we have family there and now we won't and have not spent a dime there... We buy our fuel in Cheyenne and don't even purchase that in Colorado we always drive back to Wyoming and fuel up. I see that Calela's is building a huge store north of Denver and I will tell you that is a bad move as I won't ever stop in not even to look around... Magpul please move to Wyoming I'd even make a job change to work for a great company like yours.... No State income tax here and we are only a short hop from Colorado plus we have 3 interstate highways I-80, I-90 and I-25 all running through the State and we Really Love Your Products Here!!!

It is absurd to think all teachers are to get a free pass to carry? Newtown killings were executed with handguns not ar-15 as many are led to believe.

Way to Go #$%$-in-looper. Just like the Airport Shelf TAX on Aircraft Parts,that has Cost the State of Colorado 1000's of High paying jobs. Your a pis-poor leader. Thats right, Forntier pulled their Aircarft Mainenance,USAIR Pulled their A/C Maintenance, United/Continental pulled their Maintenance. SWA wants Maintenance, But won't agree to a 6% Tax on aircraft parts, and, Now if it holds true, we will lose even more JOBS on your watch.I hope the people of COLORADO and The US middle class Wake up be fore its to late.Please support the NRA, The USA, And our way of life.

again with the AR being used at sandy hook, while the live video from the scene that horrible day shows a police officer pulling said weapon from inside the car he drove to the school.  To the politicians, if you can't understand the constitution and support it, GTFO of office , you do not belong representing anyone in our CONSTITUTIONAL REPUBLIC!I hope Colorado politicians are made an example of what not to do.

And because of this Colorado will lose a fine company that provides hundreds of jobs and 85 million a year. Magpul Inc. manufactures accessories for the AR-15 as well as high capacity mags. The politicians in Colorado tried to twist the bill to allow for the production but not the sale within the state. Magpul was insistent that they will not operate within a state that denies law abiding citizen's their Second Amendment rights. I think a business such as Magpul should be applauded for their beliefs!! I hope Magpul will move to Indiana. We'll take them with open arms!! (pun intended)

Just another step for the Democraps and anti-gun socialists toward confiscation.

People need to check into this if the gun ban doesn't pass the plan is adopting NATO law so we will still lose our guns this does not have to go through Congress.

Obama is a Rules For Radicals trained Cloward and Piven Marxist ,I have studied him now for 5 years , in order to pull this charade off Obama counts on you to buy his LIES, what amazes me the most is the occupy wall street crowd buys his lies ,they are useful idiots Obama is a facade, a fake, a farce !

BAN CORROSIVE AMMO!! we need to legislate a ban on corrosive ammo because it tends to pit the bore if not cleaned properly...otherwise we need more education on how to clean a gun to prevent this

I live in Colorado... But not for long, these people are out of control. They were voted in to represent the people of Colorado. Not pass their own agenda. The National news needs to get involved, these people have shut down Southwest Colorado from any drilling or mining... For a grouse that they say might or might not be endangered. Denver and Boulder are killing us over here in SW Colorado. Viva La Revolution

The purpose of the constitution is to limit the government not the other way around

It is so sad to see that the Legislature in Colorado has turned it's back on the people of the state. When you put your own agenda ahead of the health and welfare of the citizens you are no longer usefull or needed. They have no cost taxpayers there jobs and most likely thier citizenship of Colorado when they move to continue there employment with a great corporation. Govenor I hope you remember this when in 2014 you are sitting at home no longer Govenor of Colorado, your stupid knee jerk reaction that would do nothing to stop anything because a criminal does not obey the law anyway. Have a nice life and I hope the Citizens of Colorado can rebound

Colorado used to be a good place to live. Those idiots that live here made pot legal. Now the other idiots in the house and senate have taken some gun rights away. A clear and direct violation of the 2nd Amendment of the United States Consititution. My family and I are moving to another state out of Colorado. We have had it. All that will be left will be dopers, criminials with guns and the law to round these #$%$ up. Not the place to raise a family.Completely cosmetic change, and a "Hey look what I was able to do" bill passage.  All this has done is crowd our court system even more.

This could be the year or in 2014 this issue ends up before the Supremes and Scalia has already indicated he interpets the documents of the founding fathers based on times it was written, 1700's.

there are laws in place nobody using them the politicians are clueless and they are suppose to know whats going on in this country....

Colorado, the new California

Agenda 21... ALL gun and ammo manufacturers MUST BOYCOTT Colorado! If they won't grow a brain, let the criminals kill them all! They'll be the only ones with guns...

Notice how these govt gun grabbers have an obsession with the AR-15.  They are really worried about this particular weapon. It must be  a darn good weapon if they want it out of our hands. . People should respond to this and empty the shelves of all AR-15s in droves and send them a message. KMA, we know what you are up to.

Okay let us start with Aurora; yes the shooter had an AR-15. He did fire a lot of round but he had to reload and when the gun jammed. If there would have been one armed citizen or an armed and trained guard in the theater at that put the shooter would have be dead. It would not of matter if he had a 9mm pistol with 15 rounds or a .45 with seven rounds. Nobody could have stopped him from starting the rampage but I well trained citizen or guard would have ended it at the first magazine change and the state of Colorado would not be paying his bills.

"It's a frontier state..." =  ANOTHER euro-cRaZy PARANOIA state!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Vote them out!

There is a price to be paid for messing with 2A.Tread lightly...I believe Colorado will be seeing a lot of good people leaving the state very soon

FACT:  Manchester England.  Two unarmed female police officers have died after being lured to an apparent ambush where there were callously gunned down.Wait, I thought England had strict gun control laws.  You mean, police officers can't carry guns, but the criminals can get them?  How can this happen?Disarming law abiding citizens is not the answer.

I am in military here and not resident of Colorado. I love it here and am retiring next year and can't wait to vote some of these people out of office for their kneejerk reaction bills that will do nothing. Like many of sheriffs have said. If the cops approach me about my high capacity mags I will just say I bought them years ago. Also If I want to give my weapons to my daughters then that is my right.

chickenpooper

"Firearms play an outsized role" sounds like an opinion. I though journalism was supposed to be about facts.

We the People the N   R  A  Join to Day

Colorado Sucks

Just the prescription, ladies and gentlemen of Colorado!  You have just created more, more, and still more Defenseless Victims Zones in your state.  We outside of your state eagerly await the next killings and massacres over there.  Your state's undertakers and embalmers will no doubt be enjoying a brisk business: burying unarmed men, women, and especially, children.Enjoy, enjoy, enjoy.....

VOTE THEM ALL OUT!

Dare they call for a citizen's vote and see what happens. Nope, I don't think Governor Hickenlooper wants to know what we people think anymore. Try e-mailing him or his staff at the publihed addresses.When the government punishes it's people for the acts of terrorist it is time for a change!!!

Guns control isn't the only vitiated idea the left have. Goes along with the other ones.. It will not stop until we are slaves to the government. Ultimate goal.

VOTE THIS CLOWN OUT!!!!!!!!  Let him and his little buddies know they are done, NO MORE.  Take the power they have and shovel it up theres, where the sun doesn't shine.

Colorado depends heavily on fishing and hunting fees from out of state and I suggest that those out of state hunters and fishermen go to Wyoming or somewhere else and take their money with them also!

The RIGHT to KEEP and BEAR ARMS, shall not be INFRINGED!!!!

"Surely, Second Amendment advocates and gun control supporters can find common ground in support of this proposition: Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.Magazine size restrictions will not accomplish this.Say goodbye Democrats. This is the issue that will show you the door.

so  what  if  a  friend  sells  a  friend  a  gun of  any kind  ,and  the  buyer turns  out  to  be  some  nut  case  and   shoots  up  a  night club  or  theater  ,resturant  etc  etc  , is  the  seller   responsable?  just asking  , cause  I have  sold   a gun  before  to  friend  did I break  the  law  ,

The Gov. is a closet liberal with contradicting views to confuse the public about his real intentions.His confusing comments are meant to pacify gun owners while at the same time encourage his idiot party to further infringe on the rights of law abiding Americans with these unenforceable and ridiculous laws! Here's hoping Colorado voters come to their senses!

Do anti gun people also hate computers? Because looking at the thumbs up or down on the pro gun comments sure look like the majority is pro gun.

Save Colorado now!   Recall this Jackass Governor!   If swift and stearn action on the part of the people does not take place immediately, sell out and move to Wyoming.   Once the infectious disease of Liberalism starts it seems impossible to turn back until the bottom is reached.  Like some commenters are saying, Colorado will end up like Cyprus or California.   It sucks.  Here I thought there were Cowboys in Colorado..He has evolved, I call it rotated, this could cost the pack of LIARS the Senatejust like back in the 90s. Say one thing to get elected do something else.That's just like the rotating demoverts.

i grew up in the late 40s and early 50s you could take a gun to school to go hunting after school !! i also could go to the hardware store and pick up dynamite and caps for my grandfather to blow up tree stumps out of his field !!  my how times"people" have changed !!!   we now have bobble heads for leaders and liberals with an agenda teaching our children  garbage !!!    if these nuts were in charge then we would never won W.W.2

They will probably move to Wyoming so while Coloradans are there to buy fireworks they can buy guns and magazines, as long as they are purchased legally they are not violating the laws in CO. No rules about private sales outside the state and no regulation from bringing them into the state privately... So this is a law that has absolutely zero effect on crime or availability of weapons, but puts additional pressure on law enforcement to attempt to enforce these arbitrary laws. I hate to say it but the next mass shooting will prove this reality.

Hopefully in 2014 people in Colorado will vote out these liberal communist

Looks like the Dems don't want to be in office anymore.  Can't wait to see how their new laws keep the bad guys from getting guns.  Also feel for the X-employees of Magpul thanks to the Democrats.  As if we don't have enough UNEMPLOYMENT  THANKS DEMOCRATS YOU are helping our state why don't you move back to California where you came from and help them.

C'mon Colo Dems what about the videos &amp; movies? The violent videos teach kids to fire rapidly, kill &amp; repeat. Actors in violent movies show kids how to look COOL &amp; POWERFUL committing mass murders. Then same actors are partying on stage with Obama. Confusing messages to kids.

I hope all of these liberal democrats get voted out of office over this! The people need to take back control of our government. All of these are attacks on the Second Amendment. The democrat party is listening and being ruled by the urbanites of Chicago, San Francisco, New York, and DC. I would venture to say that the majority of democrats from rural areas do not agree with this gun control agenda. While a lifelong republican, I have a close friend who has been a lifelong democrat who recently went and purchased his first tactical rifle. He is frustrated and disappointed with the democrat agenda of the current administration and has voted republican for the first time in his life. I would venture to say more and more are like him.

Recall!! Recall!! Recall!!

NY does not have all the out of control politicans. He must have visions of grandeur on a higher  office.

These posts,give me hope,that I can belive in.All politicans that favor controls should be doomed

Guns we can agree on..Guns 'n Roses!

We need restrictions on forceps, those things that liberal abortion doctors use to pull defenseless babies out enough from the womb so they can stick them in the necks with a pair scissors to finish them off or simply suck them from the womb earlier, ban those suction devices and arrest abortion doctor also!

Hey Colorado it's called a RECALL what are you waiting for ?????

This from the same state that won't even allow a vote on Jessicas Law.'Colorado is not a good place to raise a family, and my family will no longer skication there. Those people do not deserve my business.

What do blacks call themselves in Moscow? African Russians?

Vote the dems out in as soon as you can and get your freedom back !!

If we don't maintain our gun rights there will be no way to protect yourselves from Governments like this. That is why the constitution was written the way it was.

fear not, democrats still outnumber the republicans in CO

Communists prefer to be called Liberals because it sounds Pretty. Just like Homosexuals would rather be called Gay.Gun control creates death, no if's, and's, or but's about it, disarming good people is a bad idea.

If we counted the115-117 people that are killed each day in cars, would we consider banning cars or just limit how far the gas pedal goes down,or maybe how many gallons we have in our tank?

the difference between a liberal democrat and a conservative christian is the conservative christian chooses to have the self respect to stand up and speak for himself, the liberal, demands the right to speak for everyone!

Well Colorado, there goes your U.S Constitution 2nd Amendment: The right to bear arms (no matter what kind; I would prefer a Magnum .44 caliber). Smoke your pot and be little sissy's not protecting yourself and upset gun owners to limit hunting and going to the gun range. I'm glad I don't live in your upside down state. Don't get to high on smoking your pot: you might have a gun a shoot someone!

When are you folks going to get it! If he walks like a democrap, and looks like a demcrap, and acts like a democrap; THEN HE IS A DEMOCRAP AND OBAMA KOOLAID DRINKER.

'If you are not a liberal at 20, you have no heart. If you are not Conservative by 40, you have no brain'. ?This remark was made by Winston Churchill.I think it is truth.When we are young, we are full of hope not only for ourselves, but for everyone else. We see a world full of possibilities and change for the better.However,as we get older, the reality of how the world really is changes our perspective. We may acquire more wealth, prestige, and want to retain it,we may marry and have children, and want to protect them.

National Security (DHS) troop build up in Colorado Springs.  Are they planning to inforce unconstitutional unlawful liberal legislation ?

Hickelgruber certainly doesnt look like a moderate now

People elect these demodopes and the #$%$ about the stupid and anti-American actions.  Democrats want an unarmed population so they can better oppress them, and the liberal lemmings still don't get it.  If the Ds can take my constitutional rights, they can take the Ds; right as easily.

Liberals war on women continues......like Obama's disarming Law-Abiding women with his Gun_Grabbing. Liberals are skumm.Here's the problem...people's core convictions can be compromised...He was a "moderate"...than something happens and he's now for stronger gun regulations...It's just like Rob Portman...against gay marriage, until his son "comes out" and now, he's for it. You know, people who are quick to change positions on issues, weren't that committed to begin with.

This is what obama and the democrats want in CO they hope for civil unrest so obama and the governor can send in the UN forces and use deadly force against the people. obama wants to be king.

I was hoping that CO. would raise hell and get this #$%$ turned around. It was the ammo OBAMMIE needed to try and cram this BS down all our throats on a federal level. Maybe the F-N DEMS &amp; libtards nationwide should take note a see just how long your career will last if you mess with the constitution especially the 2nd!!

Defy these laws. Refuse to obey them. Make them come after you.

"the majority of the damage was done by the large mag in the AR15"??Really? So the fact that it jammed after LESS THAN 30 RDS is ignored?If he had all 15 rd mags (which he did in the pistols he shot the most with), he wouldn't have jammed the drum and just continued killing far more.The truth is these are stupid, grand standing feel good laws that do absolutely nothing to prevent another Aurora. Rather than looking at the real issues, we get new laws that will only affect the law abiding gun owners. I know for a fact that I will be voting AGAINST every single politician who supported these ignorant bills.

I will not be hunting in Co anymore. I will spend my money elsewhere.  I hope MagPul moves to the South.

"Surely, Second Amendment advocates and gun control supporters can find common ground in support of this proposition: Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people,"This statement is exactly true! We do need to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. NOT LAW ABIDING CITIZENS! I don't get what’s so hard to understand that it's a mental health issue and that’s where we need to start. These dumb #$%$ politicians are wasting time with gun control when they could be doing something that actually helps! But then again, when has a politician ever really helped anything?

Q. If it were a government for the people and by the people how could enacting a law bring political peril? A. the government is for itself and by itself

Funny how people want to know ur background to own a gun ,,,,,,,but we dont have to show us the background of an american president!!!!

Colorado has become one of the turd states of the Union.  I'd be embarrassed to live there -- politicians who don't believe in Jessica's Law, then idiots like Hornblower here, who think limiting ammo and tightening gun laws will help -- they just don't get it.murderers, rapists and liberal democrats disagree with you NRA

Sherriff should ratchet them back for treason.

Bye bye DEMs.  U let radicals high jack ur party.

He just made a large number of Co. citizens criminals. He should be impeached along with obummer.

Time for recall petitions to be initiated against those who voted for these restrictions.

Second Amendment –"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State,the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."Tenth Amendment –"The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution,nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."

Colorado, Illinois,California, NY, all of the NE states suck

After GUNS, Hussein is coming for your 401k's.

Good!  I hope the Dems get thrown out of office in Colorado.  Over the last 20 years I've watched the State I love turn into something I loathe.

Whats the point of even having a written Constitution if these folks in office can change it when  ever they feel like it? It is not a LIVING Document!!!This Lickenducker guy is dumber and queerer than Obama. And people want HER to decide who can carry a gun and who cannot???  If you do, you are too STUPID to be free.

Go ahead Governor and sign those anti-gun bills...you should assured that Colorado becomes a solid red state in future elections.

The Dems trying to take our guns have nothing to do with the safety of Americans. 40,000 people were killed in auto accidents last year but they're not trying to take drivers licenses away from the idiots who think their in a NASCAR race every time they get behind the wheel.

Look at all the new victims,good now maybe the low lives will all go there where you can't protect yourselves,no i don't mean it,but if they know you can't protect yourselves whats to stop them.wishful thinking.

Ha!!  Feinstein's proposals got slapped down with a stiff Conservative backhand.It's no surprise though.  She just followed in the footsteps of other liberal roaches who came before her.  All libtards excel at, and exist for, one thing: FAILURE.Therefore, by failing she actually fulfilled her purpose in life.

Banning guns, drone attacks in America, controlling the media, and the message....it all spells communist with a capital C.

Politicians can pass all the laws on gun control but who will enforce them ?When they try to enforce unconstitutional laws thats when the #$%$ is going to hit the fan !

Its Colarado's fault for electing liberals to lead them, didn't they know what they were getting? Liberals believe that there is no need for anybody to own guns, they think the police will protect them, silly liberals, its not the place for police to protect anybody, their job is to investigate crimes, so don't call them when somebody threatens you, call them only after you have been shot and they will investigate the crime.

Why is it that lawmakers think that new and more restrictive laws is going to change anything except make it worse? It seems to me that criminals or someone that wants to get a gun for any reason thats under the wire would even care. Only the legal gun owners will be hurt by this. Course it's not going to change the guards that protect these politicians in any way. And we all have to remember that a gun in itself is an inanimate object, it takes a person to pull the trigger, It's just like a car. It doesn't drive itself. You have to get behind the wheel and start and put in gear to go anywhere.

While the government is busy infringing on the rights of law abiding citizens they are doing nothing to fix what is really broken: the soul of America.Communists at work in America

Taking away guns will just make everyone so sweet. Not to worry.

too many communist in the democrat party

I hope the full impact of their actions is reflected in the polls next election. Maybe they can find a new career in Pakistan providing anger management therapy to Jihadists.Keep your grubby hands of of my rights.

As a moderate Democrat with a large gun safe that includes 2 handguns, 2 hunting rifles, a shotgun, and a legal semi-automatic AK-47 rifle, I would be okay if there were a more stringent and thorough check for felonious acts and mental illness backgrounds at the time of purchase.I have a friend who recently purchased a similar rifle and is currently (and for some time now) being treated for mental depression and anxiety at the V.A. hospital. He's been prescribed medication for years for these issues. He walked out with the semi-automatic "assault"  rifle purchased in under 20 minutes. I, myself, would not mind seeing a more thorough background check being done even if it meant I had to wait a few days to finalize my future purchases. There are many people that should not have such easy access to a gun.One problem I see, many people think as I do, that this is more of a "mental illness" issue than it is a "gun" issue.  But the thought that many people who were so against providing so much as a "bandaid" when it came to supporting a Universal Health Care mandate, now think that the government should come at this from a  "mental health care" angle.  Mental health care is long running and very expensive.  Most therapists recieve $125 - $250 per hour or more.  It makes for a very strange argument here.I also think we need to come down harder on some of the doctors out there who are possibly handing out Riddlin and Paxil to so many children, just to get that bonus and incentive check from the drug companies backing these drugs.  We also need to come down harder on parents who don't lock their firearms down, especially when they have a child who has dealt with these "mental issues" and "medications".With that being said,  I am a huge supporter of the 2nd amendment.  I am also against a national gun registry.   History has shown that Governments that have taken away gun ownership rights  sometimes can become dangerous to its citizens.In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control. From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.In 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915 to 1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Germany established gun control in 1938 and from 1939 to 1945, a total of 13 million Jews and others who were unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminated.China established gun control in 1935. From 1948 to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminated.Guatemala established gun control in 1964. From 1964 to 1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Uganda established gun control in 1970. From 1971 to 1979, 300,000 Christians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Cambodia established gun control in 1956. From 1975 to 1977, one million educated people, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.Defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in the 20th Century because of gun control: 56 million.

Amendment 2 supporters know that once the LIBS get a crack into the 2nd Amend, they won't stop there. There are no moderate DEMOS.Progressives take incremental steps. Their goal is removing all guns, not just sem-automatics, etc. The NRA, and its supporters, are smart enough to know this

Colorado depends on tourism and sportsmen of all kinds, until they stop this nonsense please take your business else where!

It is time to fire all of the politicians who do not represent the will of the people.  Start at top, impeach King Obama, then all of the career politicians who haven't done their jobs in years.

Take citizens guns and the government and the cartel will be still well armed !

Those of us watching Obama closely know that he promised to create and arm a new domestic army equivalent to the military. It has been happening right under Congresses nose without a peep. Now finally we see some concern. We can only hope this concern is sincere and won’t disappear when NJ Congressman Leonard Lance returns to DC.the DHS is ordering bullets and armored vehiclesJune 2008 Obama said in a speech in Colorado Springs we need a civilian military stronger than the military we have now!When I was young man it was the sixties and the Beatles and Woodstock ,sex drugs and rock and roll times and rebellion, I was caught up in it myself to an extent until one day someone told me about how at one time the Roman empire had fallen from within over one thing ,moral decay and complacency and resting on their laurels and it hit me that this was us now, it changed my thinking completely, I turned to conservative !

The harder the government makes it to own a gun the more the drug cartels are going to get into gun trafficking

Vote em all out, Democrats represent evil and themselves

This is the Califorinacation of Colorado, for those of you who don't know what fornication is look it up!

Commies always want to disarm the population,,,

Democrat legislators...bringing the success of Detroit and Chicago to a neighborhood near you.

Liberals cheering "feel good" legislation that accomplishes nothing. What a hoot.

In the first place who in there right mind would vote for some one that looked like that? With a name Hicken looper.

Fire them, then arrest them for treason.

2 guys followed you and your wife home from a movie and grabbed your wife when she opened the car door. What do you do?Is it just me, or are all of the politicians these days caught in a Jedi mind trick pose?

I attended the University of Colorado in the early 70's. I brought my shotgun and kept it in my dorm room with the school knowing about it. You fuqing libturds can stuff it.

Did you say online-only CCW classes? How are you supposed to learn about being attacked from a recording and your 12 year old child wielding a kitchen knife covered in dish towels so he doesn't cut you? This is out of hand, we almost need to overthrow this government!

West Virginia Democrat Senator Joe Manchin continues to work behind the scenes to EXPAND background checks:“In close contact with the NRA, the West Virginia Democrat and hunter is leading a bipartisan group crafting legislation to expand background checks on purchasers of firearms. The group is trying to lure at least one pro-NRA Republican in hopes that will open the floodgates for more."EXPANDED background checks are a key part of Barack Obama's anti-gun agenda -- and should be OPPOSED at all costs. Please, SHARE this post with your friends.

Unconstitutional period. Americans have rights to. Not just politians and illegals. Vote the mf out.

Colorado is a liberal heavy state soon to be nanny state...they'll be blaming the government for failure

hope the people of co. put these fools in their place when elections roll around. they all deserve to be booted for this feel good junk

All this libtard legislation over high capacity magazines.  I can assure you;  any psychotic with a pump action shot gun and a bag full of extra shells, can ALMOST as easily, take out a room full of people as he could,  were he using an AR-15.

Governor John Lickenpooper needs to read the Constitution that he swore to defend when elected. The second amendment states that the right to bear arms by the people will not be infringed. Some how Lickenpooper seems to think that the second amendment says that the right of the people to smoke pot will not be infringed.

Colorado has long lost its frontier status to invading Californians and the Granolas of Boulder. The folks in the rural communities still have that frontier spirit but they are far out numbered by the population centers. The folks in Denver were never really full frontiersmen, they were frontier-lite, after all, their descendants saw those mountains and said the heck with this, we'll build a city right here.It's not only the Governor, it's also the yuk yuk's that are voted in for the stat represenatives. Friggin vote em all out!!!

#$%$ you people voted them in quit #$%$, HOW DO YOU LIKE YOUR CHANGE NOW?

Gun violence is like crack cocaine. The government never cared about it until the white folks started doing it.

It's better to buy guns on the street anyways., just like drugs.They are cheaper and The Fed won't know that we have them.

Strange how a lot of posts are blocked by administrator???

I own guns and I hunt and I live in Colorado. I have no use for large capacity magazines for hunting- Make the shot you know you can make. For home protection, my 12 ga pumps work just fine, lethal close up but lose that lethality past 60 yds with small shot. Let the extremists on both sides scream and fight. Just leave me out of it.

“Without either the first or second amendment, we would have no liberty; the first allows us to find out what’s happening, the second allows us to do something about it! The second will be taken away first, followed by the first and then the rest of our freedoms.” — Andrew Ford

The Supreme Court's decision to limit the Bill of Rights is illegal.  To change an amendment, it has to be voted upon in the House and Senate.  A decision by a Supreme Court justice is not allowed to alter or limit an amendment.  Amendments are LIMITS of law put on the government, (not just people's freedoms) which includes limiting the Supreme Court and their decisions.  The Supreme Court justice (Scalia) is trying to say that it has self appointed new authority to itself, to remove limits put on it from the Constitution.  The Constitution is the Supreme law of the land, that even the Supreme Court must obey.

What am I going to depend on when someone breaks into my house threatening me and my family:  1) A phone call to a dispatcher who then has to relay it to the police who then has to make it to my house in a reasonable amount of time (average response time is 5-10 minutes in not-so-crowded areas)?     OR   2) My wife and I both using our handguns to stop the threat?100% of the time, it will be #2.  I have nothing at all against police that serve our country well.  However, you know the old saying..."When seconds count, the police are just minutes away."Our government feels that you and I don't have the right to protect our family with a gun.  Meanwhile, though, the criminal laughs at these laws and sees an ever-increasing benefit for them to commit more crime.  Guns are used, on average, at least 23 times more in self-defense than for murder.  You take guns away from law abiding citizens, and that number will completely reverse itself.  How does that make you feel?The government does not have the right to violate the Constitution and tell me how many rounds I can have in my magazine, what type of gun I can own, what type of gun I can and can't use, etc.  It's time to wake up, America, and stop just talking about it on Yahoo and other threads....it's time to get pro-active with our government, and let our "representatives" know that if they step on our rights, they're fired.

It should bring peril,arrests,and jail time.They just violated the Constitution.It should bring peril,arrests,and jail time.They just violated the Constitution.

Time for a recall election. Oh wait everyone's too busy getting stoned to notice what the Gov. is doing.

Democrats have made a pisspoor showing on these messages boards since just after the election.  They showed up briefly to say "yay, we won" and that was the end of it.  Personally I'm beginning to think that all elections are rigged.

Hickenlooper has no idea of the repercussion's of signing those bills into law....Dumb, Dumb, Dumb

The rifle was found in the car. When will they get the story straight. It wasn't a large magazine rifle that did this killing.

So instead of 1 gun with a high capacity clip they will now carry 2 guns with low capacity clips that equal the same capacity as the high capacity clip. Way to keep those smarts rolling sparky or should I say democrats......

You don't deserve the freedom given us by our founders. Makes real men and women want to puke.

So do Republican's ALWAYS sit on their hands while Dem's toss their control ideas around or do they just like to pretend they are shocked that their "do nothing" stance actually worked and now they have to .... well, DO something to keep their jobs next election?

You want to save lives. Lock up anyone on ADD drugs. Ban liberal teachings on college campuses. Ban viloent movies and video games. These all would be a good start. And ban the 1.2 million babies murdered each year.

Well its official then i guess Colorado has become a sister state to California - land of the fruits and nuts and can NO LONGER be part of the great Middle America or "Western Front"  it has become a state of pansies, wimps, liberals, anti-americans and she-men just like her sister state of CA.   So sad considering its a beautifull state but then so is CAWill Colorado become a new hunting ground for criminals?

Funny the police said most of the damage done in Aurora was done by the pistols because the rifle jamed with less than 10 rounds fired.

He is a BLOOMBERG STOOGE!!!

Please join NRA. Call 1-877-NRA-2000. Thank You

Why don't they report what is really in those bills? The bill to reduce magazine size will actually outlaw any gun capable of being converted to hold more ammo. That means a standard pump shotgun that can only hold 5 rounds (look up the Remington 870) will be illegal if this passes. They aren't trying to ban the conversion or the high capacity clips, they are trying to ban guns made for the sole purpose of hunting.

Lickenpooper is an idiot.

POS DemoKKKRATS I will give you my guns 30 rounds at a time.

Vote all the democates and most of the republicans out in 2014!

We have visited Colorado for the last time.    Taking a vacation?   Put this state LAST on your list, unless of course you want to smoke pot.  Pot is legal but the 2nd Amendment is compromised...what a fine example of Broken Government.

Go to NRA website and read the "ArmedCitizen" stories and make a donation while you're there.Ex student kill self before killling others when cops arrive at scene faster than he anticipated. His Fantasy bubble burst at the site of armed resistance. He shot and killed himself.. No black rifle was going to be used.....

I am not an advocate of the second amendment.  I am beyond that.  I support it with my money (NRA member), my life (law abiding) and my vote.I am a true believer that the second amendment assures all the others.  I believe our rights as a people are being systematically eroded, and our current leaders want us in line with the UN and the rest of the European Union.Only true patriots will be able to fight it.  We won't be able to fight it with sticks and stones.Fight it first with your wallet (we must try every possible legal venue to stop these traitors), fight it with your vote, (remove the traitors from office), and if all else fails, if all other venues cannot save our rights, we know what must be done.The day is soon coming.  There is a catastrophic "event" being planned at this moment.  Something so horrific, it will make Oklahoma City, 9/11, and every school shooting look like a blip on the radar.  Martial law will be declared.  The Constitution and Bill of Rights will be suspended "for your own good".But first, they have to disarm you.  Neuter you.  Make you totally reliant on the government for every scrap of bread and every level of your "security".Most are in denial, and don't believe our elected officials are capable of such feats.  Therein lies their power.

"The beauty of the second amendment is that it will not be needed until they try to take it." Thomas Jefferson

"Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said!After a short debate as to how one pronounces the Governors name, this quote hit me as a focus on the wrong point of interest! It should be......"Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns in the hands of responsible people, and expand the laws to require all gun owners to be Conceal-Carry permit holders. Requirements will include that all Conceal-Carry permit holders carry their weapons everywhere they go."The argument is simple....just as the 2nd amendment points towards the people (Militia) as the last line of defense, we must acknowledge that the police are not, and should not be, the first line of defense whenever these types of shootings take place! The victims are...and with the passing of this law, the Conceal-Carry permit holders are too!Honestly, police are not taught to shot a perpetrator in the leg or arm, but to "Shoot To Kill!" Citizens, on the other hand, have time to evaluate the situation with "On the Site" intelligence as an eyewitness! There is also the fact that the perpetrator has no idea who is holding a Conceal-Carry permitted weapon...so an aim could be taken and a specific shot made!Over all, this would place weapons in the right peoples hands...and see the right people placed throughout our everyday society....helping to keep us all safe by just following the law! Passing laws that criminals will not keep is a ridiculous position to take. The psychology is all wrong! Laws that are made to force criminals into certain situations is like giving your kid a cigar to smoke because you caught him smoking cigarettes....thinking he'll get sick and never want to smoke again! (Like that one worked on me DAD...I smoked it and I'd blow smoke rings!

Outlaw footballs because they cause concussions. It makes as much sense as your gun laws.

Let me get this straight, in colorado I can grow and smoke all the pot I want but you are going to limit the ammount of rounds I can carry to 15? Are they smoking a lot of pot when they think these laws will affect the criminals?

“Where rights secured by the Constitution are involved, there can be no rule making or legislation which would abrogate them. “ Miranda v. Arizona - 384 U.S. 436 (1966) at Page 384 U. S. 491.

Oh, I see FREEDOM plays an "outsized role in the hearts of Coloradans." The opening paragraph is as not meerly ignorant, it is the propaganda of would be tyrants. The authors, Kristen Wyatt and Ivan Moreno, are just mouthpieces of gun grabbing tyrants. The tyrants want all the guns for them selves - not The People. Hay Kristen, why don't you do an article on how our kind and benevolent buracrats in the US government are arming themselves to the teeth with military weapons, ammo and fully armored vehicles?  No, that would make you a journalist now wouldn't it?

you know i don't own a gun but the 2nd amendment says i can and that's the way it is. criminals do not give a damn for rights of anyone and will continue to get their guns as they always have. so what the state folks(dems or otherwise) are proposing is against the constitution which they swore to uphold. replace them all i doubt that any of them contacted (more than the one or to of their voters that they're friends with) the voting public in their districts before voting on these laws. it is getting to the point where elected officials (who are there to be the voice of the voters) only vote for what they believe is right (or are paid for) with out any regard for the people they are supposed to represent. besides eveyone knows that the fed and big business are the ones behind anything that takes peoples rights away because when the people finally revolt and try to replace them they'll be much easier to subdue without they're guns to protect them......

this is all so stupid . when will i be rewarded for being a law abiding citizen ? insted take my guns and my trust .We have enough gun control laws on the books -- what we need is NUT CONTROL

"a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes"? "ACCUSED"......so one need only be "ACCUSED" of something to be denied. A mere accusation makes one guilty. What about then of someone "accused" of.....fill in the blank..?!

Reality is that refugees from California have been pouring into Colorado for two generations. They sought to excape the nightmare of California and brought their ideology that spawned the nightmare. Rather ironic in a very sick sense.

Turning criminals loose on the American population by homeland security and lying about it until they had to confess to the truth is simply hateful. That is what the Democratic party has turned into, a hate group aimed at anyone who does not agree with their agenda. Now the gov. of Colorado doing this. Enough is enough. The lying Media can not cover up this amount of disgusting hateful government policies coming from the Democratic Party. I voted Democrat for the past 20 years. NO MORE&gt;&gt; I WILL NOT HURT MY FELLOW AMERICANS BY VOTING WITH THE DEMOCRATS ANY LONGER.

With a name like hikenlooper what do you expect, he was probably bullied as a kid and now he is getting even. He is typical of a brain dead democrap, like bloomers and our lying mooslim dictator. Now watch yahoo drop my comment just like hitlers Germany.

I have a lot of family and friends in Colorkornia. Not one will comply.

Next Election ALL Lawmakers will be  OUT OF WORK if they pass Gun Control LOL

The 2014 elections are going to be "Very Interesting" in Colorado; especially when politicians start messing around with the Constitution and Bill of Rights!!

Next on the agenda...  Mandatory, accountability of law abiding citizens for each and every gun serial number with fingerprints to boot.  This is only the beginning Colorado.What happens in Colorado needs to STAY in Colorado...

I can promise you that governor Rick Perry of Texas will not assault the second amendment!Watch as dumocrats ERODE our rights away what part of the bill of rights do they not understand?

Impeach Obama Now.

Uh oh, criminals are given a broader and easier targets now.Your 700 times more likely to be stabbed than shot with a rifle.

vote them all out out

Now the magazine maker company doesn't need to let the democrats call their bluff, they need to leave the state, and let the employees take it out on the politicians as to why they are now unemployed.

Colorado is a swing state. We run politicians and special interest groups- not the other way around

I love the poster I saw (though not exact wording):Banning guns because the bad guys committed crimes with guns, is like getting a vasectomy because your neighbor has too many kids.

how did they notify all the bad guys on the new stupid laws? I am sure they will comply or will it snare the innocent in a web of more decisions by politicians "lloking" to be doing good.

Keep fighting the Socialist menace Coloradans! Boot those SOB's out for treason to the Oath of office and infringing on your 2nd Amendment rights! Socialist #$%$ should be sent packing to China. Everyone of them in America are a disgrace to all freedom loving Americans. Past and present. I'm being kind in my assessment. USMC vet

If he is elected out, and I hope so, he will proudly, with tears in his eyes said he did the "right thing" and it was the right wing extremists who nailed him.  I am not a right wing extremist but can't vote for someone who, with armed guards, believes I have no right to defend myself.So when will the laws take effect for criminals?

Vote them all out!!!

There will be no gun ban!!!!!!!!!!!!!

do as you will lefists but if you come to my door to take my guns, YOU WILL GET BULLETS FIRST...................now GF YOURSELVES and pizz up the courage to come get me......and by the way..........FK THE SELF APPOINTED DEITY " BARRACUSS OBAMAZZ THE 1ST" and all his mindless drones.........

BOYCOTT Colorado! Spend your vacation $ and hunting $ in a State that supports the 2nd Amendment !

I'm hoping Magpul relocates to North Texas.

If people would read all the news they would see that obama has spent billions for ammunition, tanks, and is developing a private army of his own. He said he was going to do this because of the "shortage of military personal". In short he plans to overthrow this country and become the leader. This country can't wait for another election they got to act now. Our military gets blanks to practice with while in Afghanstan, why is that??

The ammo &amp; gun makers are loving this whole fiasco all the way to the bank!!!

You can't "vote" them out because the Diebold voting machines are rigged.

Stay out of Illinois. It's a communist, criminal state.When you give up your freedom for safety you will become a slave.

Colorado Dems will be Voted out and Rep. will be back and revearse everything!!!!!!

Fact is police are not responsible for you, if you become the victim of a a crime. They will tell that right to your face. What we have here are your politicians failing to heed their constituents desires because of knee jerk reactions to do something. One more liberal governor committing political suicide, we won't see him in another term.

Gov. John Hickenlooper says he supports gun rights. But a few months after famously saying the Aurora movie theater shooting couldn't have prevented by gun control, the self-described moderate started explaining how his thinking changed."When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'" Hickenlooper said in a December interview."Tough on guns but not on perverts ? What about passing Jessica's Law, you maggot ?

Bufflo Bill Cody did kill some one Martha, American Indians as a matter of fact, while serving as a scout for the Army. He supposedly fought a hand to hand battle in revenge for the Custer and killed a warrior.

The so called voices of the government who SUPPOSEDLY speak for us has long vanished. They think they are "special people",,who walk on water.. Karmas a Biath brothers and sisters, and you cheating corrupt politicians will rot in hell!

ban dirty guns! they tend to jam and sometimes misfire. when you are carrying a loaded weapon, a dirty gun could lead to problems. remember, that when you do actually have to use it...a dirty gun could jam and put your life in danger. i recommend glocks if you are lazy about cleaning your gun cause they fire everytime...that or a revolver

The gun nuts are talking assault weapons and the losers can't or don't want kids from bringing guns to school or gangs getting them. These politicians and gun lobby love money and just don't want the crazies around them just in our society.

My mags hold 17 rounds and i have 3 of em...government wants them? come and try to get them.

These COWARDS waited until after the presidential election to do this, and trust me, they were planning it all along!!!  IMPEACH THE GOVERNOR, AND VOTE THEM OUT!!!I say " OFF WITH THEIR HEADS !! "

This whole debate has nothing to do about "safety" or "saving lives".  It's just another way the Democrates of each state can get more money from the people without calling it taxes.  Here in California we have a ten round magazine restriction and a 10 day waiting period.  Which I would be willing to live with, but in order to get a gun you have to have a safety test ($25.00), a background check ($25.00), a lock or proof of a safe ownership ($20-$80), and pay a dealer fee ($10-$25).  So just to buy a gun the price is going to be about $100.00 above the retail price.  And now they are thinking about passing a fee per bullet here.  Non of these things will make anyone any safer from a criminal or lunitic that has no regard for human life.  So lib's just fess up and be honest about the "gun problem" in America.  Until you can show how a unloaded gun sitting on a table can load itself and be fire without and human help your logic is completed wrong.

If this law stands,after any contest from the opposition,it will set a precedent for others to follow.It will be a slow erosion of our second ammendemnt rights,till they are completly gone and we will then become subjects.We will become subjects of a government,who,at their discretion will impose it's will on the American people,without any recourse from us.We will have no means to fight back.People,who are generaly law abiding citizens,will become criminals if they keep or hide weapons and are found out,or better yet ratted out by neighbors or friends.One person sais,this ammendment was written when we had flintlock muskets and such,technology has changed,so it is outdated.No,it keeps up with the times.Yes technology has evolved,so has our need to keep up with it in regards to our means to defend ourselves.Limiting mag capacity,or type of weapons we are allowed to have,only tips the playing field to the criminals advantage or an oppressive government.It is sorry to see,that perhaps a company will because of the state government,will move to another state,because the product they make will not be legal for sale in the state of manufacture.In a time where everybody is screaming about jobs,we need more jobs,they are in effect killing jobs in their state and giving them to another.Makes no sense to meWe need to vote out these power and wealth grabbing self-serving individuals,who have forgotten they are public servants,voted in to work for the people,not themselves.We need to get past the animosity we have towards the other party,get over the divisions of ethnic and racial lines,come together as one,get our house back in order.Perhaps a little experiment for those who don't understands what it means to stand together,go out in your yard,pick up a single stick,break it in two.Now,gather a bunch of sticks,tie them together in a tight bundle,now break them,or at least try,get my point.

I used to think "liberalism" was a political concept.Then I thought, "No. It must be a religion."But, now I understand.  It's a psychosis.And, I'm beginning to believe it's congenital.

JFK couldn't even get elected in today's extremist Democrat party:!"Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country"."...the belief that the rights of man come not from the generosity of the state but from the hand of God".Recognizing that high tax rates were hindering the economy, President Kennedy proposed across-the-board tax rate reductions that reduced the top tax rate from more than 90 percent down to 70 percent.

This man understands the 2nd admendment! Vote out all liberal democrats!Colorado's Weld County Sheriff, John Cooke, has made clear that if the Democrat-sponsored gun control bills for his state are signed into law they will not be enforced.

He has all the DEMOCRATS who are nothing more than SUCKLINGS off their States ...  and they have pulled in some Republican's also , GET RID of THEM ALL !!!

Feinstein repeatedly tries to ban over 2000 guns."An assault weapon is anything I want to ban." -- Biden"I don't need the congress to take your guns." -- Obama

I was going to vacation in colo. This summer to climb longs peak ..I called my other friends and we agreed,we will never spend a dimein colo. Canceled our hotel res. And rental car..boycot colo....

Anybody who tries to infringe on my 2nd amendment right is guilty of treason and shall be put to death as swiftly as possible.Doc Holliday was from Connecticut &amp; was more attached to Arizona. He just happened to die in Glenwood Springs, Colorado of TB @ the age of 36. Journalism truly has died in America!!!!!!!!!! Btw: his girlfriend, Big Nose Kate died in Prescott, Az in the 1940's!! She was the only non combatant to witness the gunfight @ the OK corral in Tombstone.

A governor can make or break a state and boy does america have a bunch of governors that want to break the banks so to say. I agree that a good background check should be performed like it or not and keeping guns out of the hand of criminals should be formost in the minds of politicians and law enforcement. Its amazing to me at how fast a state can pass some kind of idiotic gun legislation but can not pass a budget. I think it is a contest to see who can pass the worst gun legislation the fastest. I hat to inform you though that NY has already won.

i'm ok with a ban on 100 round magazines....they are difficult to load and jam all the time. i think until there are reliable 100 round magazine manufacturers...it should be banned

Obama must have promised him a job cause he won't have one in Colorado after next election

hang em high !

Sheep fear Wolves.  Wolves fear Sheepdogs.  Politicians ban Sheepdogs.  Wolves fear nothing.

Come to Colorado! We have no guns! hm.........better not advertise that one.............

Americans...Colorado is our line in the sand. If Americans are going to prove to liberal socialists that a still-minority faction cannot dictate to a majority democratic America, and transform America into a financially fractured Greece/Cypress, or a "thought policed" China/N. Korea...it is here, and now! "No soup of you"!...no skiing, hunting, fishing dollars for Colorado until these liberals, and their wholly ineffective gun laws are sent packing back to CA, NY, DC ect.

All these empty laws are not going to keep guns out of the hands of criminals. Criminals don't obey any laws, just a thing with them I guess so how do more laws make a difference to them?

Anyone, I repeat anyone in government that wants to limit your rights granted by our constitution, which by the way guarantees human rights, is a terrorist threat and should be removed from office, PERIOD!!!!Laws against assault rifles is like trying to deport 300 million illegals. try and get back the 20 million plus assault rifles on the street today. lol

Ba-Bye Democrats in 2014 and 2016!!

think many have said before, having to reload is only an issue if you are taking rounds , as it is common knowledge that legislation made both the theater and school a resistance free zone how would the mag limit really done anything?and as far as the background check in new town the guns were STOLEN! and in the theater shooting the shooters psychiatrist knew he was mentally unstable and didn't do their job to report him and get him unable to purchase the weapons, sooo these laws are only designed to appease the ignorant and emotionally driven who want "common sense" laws? . . .

Democrats just don't get it. The US government is buying an awful lot of weapons and ammo. Meanwhile they're chipping away out right to own weapons and ammo. Yeah we're worried about the wacka do's buying guns too, it's just that we think the government are those wacka do's.

The Right to bear arms SHALL NOT BE Infringed..... What part of that does our goverment that is suppose to be for the PEOPLE by the PEOPLE not understand...

civil war is coming to this country....

VOTE then all out of office, let them find out they work for us. The people of the U.S. put them out of a job and put them to working some where for a living!!!

My brother-in-law hunts. He never brings home a deer and never uses any ammo.

Listen to the people, then do what they ask...not the other way around.

They can try everything they want, people will always find a way around it.We will identify every scummy politician that has contributed to this gun control hysteria and make sure they become private citizens quickly. Let them screw up their own business instead of endorsing laws that take more freedom from citizens. Traitors should be shot.

How's Chicago's gun laws working out? I'm pretty sure they have the strictest gun laws and one of the highest homicide rates.

"TO NOT BE INFRINGED UPON" I do feel that we should limit guns to only sane people, But whom is to judge who is crazy.  We could just say everyone is crazy and the only one that can have a gun are the elite.  Again... What does it say above!

This guy supports drink drivers. How many die, from drunks from your bar.

The only firearms that you can buy online is blackpowder firearms the federal government at this point doesnt consider them as fire arms.however I wouldnt be suprised if they limit the amount of powder and balls you can have.

we need more "we the people" ad's around campin times. it's time we start taken our country back guys.

First off, I feel someone got to Hickenlooper,for him to change his mind on something he believes in.  Its really ashame $$$$ has played a heavy roll in his change of heart I'm sure.  On another matter,Magpul Industries is a very profitable business, It would be nice if they would offer there employee's some $$$$ to relocate to where they move to,for those who want to stay with them.  The Business leaves and the people leave, that would put a dent in colorado's budget.  Also other businesses that deal with any type of firearm supply and other people in general to show there support for the 2nd amendment in the constitution, shall not be infringed upon.  I live in California, and as soon as my grand kids get old enough,Im out of this state for good.

Hickenpooper, as he is called, is the party boy's hand picked screw up to do his dirty work.

A sad, sad day. I will not travel to Colo.. Mag pull come to TEXAS ASAP or sooner. The Welcome Mat is out.

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'"So, is he saying if the kid had two 15 round mags, he wouldn't have shot anyone, and instead gone out with his buddies for pizza? We have already debunked the 30 round mag assault weapon fiasco at Sandy Hook. It was in the trunk of the car - not used in the shooting. He used pistols, where you can change a 10 round mag in under 2 seconds. This ban is political staging, and only hurts law abiding citizens.Connecticut already has a background check for all guns sold at retail shops. Didn't stop Lanza. As far as I know just anyone can't buy guns online, they must be shipped to a person with a FFL (Federal Firearms License). Do you think that limiting magazines to 10 or 15 rounds is going to make it any safer to be in front of a deranged person with an AR?

The OK city bomber didn't use guns......but they did not outlaw vertilizer, fuel oil and other components and he KILLED more in one moment than guns do on a monthly bases across all of the US!

#$%$ them, I simply wont comply. EVER!

Democrat are like hitler,power domination. They want to be mini Gods and control the little people with there ideas. They want obamee to be there main God. There will come a time when things will change. People open your eyes before its to late.

I understand that some people believe background checks will prevent a criminal from obtaining a gun. Criminals do not need laws  Hint(this is why they are called criminals because they break laws). The problem is there would be to much politics involved. Some government would want to keep track of  gun owner. I back the 2nd Amendment, I believe there is no law that would stop a criminal. So why pick on law abiding citizens.

Obama's buddy Bill Clinton suggested armed guards in schools in 2000, but since the NRA suggested the same thing, then Barack Osama thinks its a bad idea. Typical closed minded and intolerant Democrat.This is like the old saying "closing the barn door after the horse gets out".

'Where is this appropriate?'" I will tell you WHERE THIS IS APPROPRIATE: WHEN THE GOVERNMENT COMES KNOCKING ON THE DOOR FOR YOUR GUNS!!!!!!!!!

10 rnds 20 rnds ( clips)do not matter

Mr Obama if we put the constitution on a teleprompter will you read it ??

What a sellout!  Good little puppy following his party's wishes and not the will of the people!Colorado the new breeding grounds for liberal POS's.

Magpul come to florida, we will welcome you. Here in florida we love our guns, to hell with the democrats and obama.

Gov. Hickenlooper doesn't understand that tthe large magazine and AR-15 rifle did NOT do the damage . What did his administration do to prevent this critically and mentally unstable person(who everyone around him knew) from obtaining this rifle? Again, a typical liberal democrat trying to destroy the constitution based on his screw-up.Why are people letting him do this is beyond any reasonable understanding.

All of this gun control restrictions and gun law B.S. is going to lead to a revolution. Go ahead, pass laws that won't be inforced!  It's starting to get really  boring to read about.

Liberalism is a disease. Why won't you punish the criminals,not making the people "Whom didn't do it" suffer with useless regulations?

Republican gun supporters gasped - what about the Democrats? Media slant anybody?

Governor Hickenpooper ASSumes that he and his dummycrat colleagues 'know best' for the people of Colorado.  They ASSume too much.  There are ALREADY plans for MULTIPLE 'ballot measures' (a process in Colorado to change the Colorado Constitution through a popular vote) to eliminate not only ALL of these separate pieces of legislation from the laws of Colorado, but to prevent ANY future Colorado State Legislature from passing any similar laws which are more restrictive than existing federal laws.  Given the results of the polling that has taken place within the State, those measure WILL pass.  And Governor Hicken-pooper and his dummycrat colleagues can all then 'bend over and kiss their respective rear ends goodbye.'

recall vote them all out

Funny to know, as the gun nuts apparently don't, is that when Doc Holliday and his friends the Earps were the law in a town, the first thing they instituted was gun control, by insisting on DISARMED citizens.  It doesn't get any funnier or more ironic!

lets all start a "we the people bill" and everyone sign it, it shall state " if you try to take away any "right" or admen any "right", you shall serve as a "lawmaker" with in any state no longer, and not be able to hold any "office" of law or head of state(s) and or national seats.Colorado, how's that liberal Democrat and his GUN CONTROLING COMRADS working out for you? Here in California we have the most restrictive gun control measures in America, and we also have one of the highest gun related violent crimes, go figure. We were told just the opposite result would happen. I'm beginning to think I was miss led by Dianne Fucstein, Pisslocie and the rest of the liberal snakes.

Vote them out as soon as you can or call for a re-vote if it is allowed.

I can't understand why the dumb people in this country keep voting for democrats.

The 2nd Amendment is my permit to have my guns.I'm a Democrate,buti do totally disagree with them over guns.

Looks like the party of slavery strikes again! Remember dems brought us the KKK, Jim Crowe, and fought feverishly against civil rights. Now all of the sudden their on the morality train? Time to press the political reset button!

When the 2nd Amendment is outright and overtly infringed upon, gunowners have little other course of action than that of outright defiance, and justifiably so. It becomes necessary to speak a language of certainty and forcefulness. "This is my AR-15 (or other firearm) God help whoever tries to take them from the hands of law abiding citizens. There is no further discussion." Period.

laws to limit most ammunition magazines to 15 rounds and to expand required background checks to private and online gun sales.What is wrong with this, the 15 round clip won't stop killers but I don't see why anybody needs a larger clip and if you are against stronger background checks then I don't think you should have a gun

HE DID NOT USE THE HIGH CAPACITY WEAPON!

These rules won't have any effect, then another idiot will do something, and they'll pass even more and more, until all are banned, and literally only criminals will have guns.  How's that drug war working out?

NRA better push for these companies to relocate!I would like to know just what type of and exactly how these "expanded" background checks will stop someone from stealing a gun and killing people.

Boycott CO as that will send pain to the wallets of the people who were stupid enough to vote these knuckle wits into office. Yes it will hurt some of the people who did not vote for them but hopefully it will do more harm to the Dems. Myself, and 3 others I hunt with were planning to go elk hunting this year in CO with a buddy who lives there but we have all decided to spend our money in some other friendlier state.

Infringing on the second amendment has dire consequences. Just try to come take myguns. There will be a lot of blood spilled.

Hickenlooper got 10 million from bloomberg.......that is what changed his mind............Out he go's.......send  all the California aholes back to California !!!

Recall!

sure gald all those CA freaks moved to CO eh?

It is the responsible gun owner of today that is being blamed for all the shootings. Obama calls us the right wing gun nuts, clinging to our guns and to our religion. Never mind that Ted Kennedy's car has killed more people than my entire collection of firearms.But let’s take a little closer look. The Fort Hood shooter, a Muslim, and a registered Democrat. The Virginia Tech shooter, he wrote hate mail to George Bush and his staff and was a registered Democrat. Aurora Colorado shooter, he was a staff worker on the Obama campaign and took part in Occupy Wall Street. He was a progressive liberal and guess what? A registered Democrat. The Newtown, Conn shooter hated Christians and was a registered Democrat. The Columbine high school shooters were too young to vote, but both of their families were progressive liberals and registered Democrats.And one more thing, not a single one of these killers were members of the National Rifle Association. So I have another approach on how to make this country much safer; leave the guns alone and lock up all the Democrats.

????Why is that all these murders and acts of violence are usually done by progressive democrats the same people who want to take our rights? Like Sandy Hook Lanza a registered Democrat, James Holmes a progressive liberal who was a staff worker for the Obama election campaign, Fort Hood shooting also a registered Democrat, VA Tech shootings Cho Seung-Hui also a registered Democrat. Please people vote these crooks out of office before it is to late.

Annoy a Liberal .. Provide Actual FACTS!Unemployment rate under OBAMA in 50 mo's - - 8.92%Unemployment rate under Bush in 8 years - - - 5.3%Unemployment rate under Clinton in 8 years - - 5.2%

There is only political peril if people go to the polls. Show that Colorado governor who the boss really is. But, Colorado is so far left I have no hope they are even paying attention to this issue!Vote their stupid azzes O U T

show them who is really in charge vote them alll outt of office wake up

how does new gun laws on the law abiding citizens affect the mentally ill, career criminal, ability to get guns. well they will eventually tell us that if the law abiding citizens don't have guns then the criminals won't have guns. so in essence this is one step in disarming the masses so the government can have total control of the masses.

Some men are soooo FN stupid...ie Colorado's Gov

Here We Go Again:I wasnt there thankfully (Actually I wish I was and could have stopped that #$%$)But Again Weren't those poor people all shot with Glock Pistols or did the media f up again when they reported this..? Originally the AR Rifle Was in His Trunk right..?

I don't own any guns or rifles, I'm not a felon either... I seem to think from all of our past problems with gun violence is the fact we the people do not put pressure on the elected to enforce laws that are in place. You can not pressure politicians anymore as they have armed guards protecting them at office and most times at there homes. Unlike our schools. HMMM

As California as been destroyed by leftist lunatics.... there goes Colorado!  So sad, it's a fantastic State.

just as pork is attached to every bill I think we should attach a little pork to this bill/ law.let the right to bear arms be attached to the right to freedom of speech. then maybe those who are pushing for new gun restrictions would understand.

So going against the will of the people is not a good thing?

Funny they bring up the Colorado theater shooting. The shooter had a 100 round C-Mag that jammed. Thing about those huge magazines is they are mechanically complex and are prone to jamming. If he had a few 15, 20, 30 round magazines he probably could have done a lot more damage by using a technique politicians who are pushing for hi-cap magazine bans have never heard of: RELOADING.Do they not realize the economic perils of creating gun bans ? If I feel that I will have my safety compromised by their prohibition of my being armed for my safety against those who obey no laws, I will simply choose not to visit their area, and my money will go elsewhere.How many times have you heard someone else say the same thing with the wording of "I won't go to that dangerous city/neighborhood because of fear of criminals" ?

vote   them out   all  you   can  do   dont  care  what   else  they  done   for the state  or   you    vote  them out

Wait! We still have to deal with underground too

"Surely, Second Amendment advocates and gun control supporters can find common ground ..."Why is it, anytime Democrats claim a desire for common ground, it's for Republicans and Conservatives to go along with what they've decided.Wnat common ground? Invite dissenting views and work together to develop a law. Don't call for 'common ground' after the damage is done!Then again, the same tactic was used to pass Obamacare.

I do believe that Colorado is a BLUE state that put OBONGO back in office! It goes all the way to the top people, every SUPER financial and defense crisis in my lifetime, along with diverting into peoples bedrooms, has been under the DEMOCRAPPIC party! The answer is NOT running the Colorado law makers out of office, the answer lies within who your neighbors are and how they vote, RUN THEM OUT!

Lasers......phasers......lasers and phasers

These leftists had better get ready.  I think that the good people of CO are going to throw them out of office and run them out of town on a rail!

Dear Magpul CEO,I'm quite sure the people of South Dakota will make you feel more than welcome.

So my wife is left at home for weeks at a time while I am away makeing a living, miles and hours from any 911 help and the AR that she keeps at home to protect her and my children from any danger has now been reduced to 15 rounds for her own good? You sonofbitches can all go to hell.

I fail to see the logic behind this paranoia regarding concealed carry.   First off, CCW owners are almost NEVER accused of mass shootings, esp in light of the fact that they are carrying weapons with very limited ammo.  Second, if they are on the scene when some nut job starts his dirty work, they can bring him down fast and hard.   When these people cry about this causing 'shoot-out' mentality, they fail to realize that most CCW carriers are more regular with range practice, and btw, the law enforcement officers that arrive will most likely take the first shot they can.  The only problem, they will arrive after he has already killed 20-30 or more.  Private citizens do not go around brandishing their guns, but if I was a nut job and I knew that the teacher or other movie attendee might put a quick stop to my 'game', I might think twice about opening up on unarmed sheeple.I feel sorry for you people in CO. for electing representatives that think they know best and could care less about what the people want. But then again you elected democrats and they think they know better than you what you need and should have. Remember they think it takes a village to raise 1 child.

Okay, everyone with their shirts off please put them on, and everyone with their shirts on please take them off.

Boy, talk about a state with a bunch of panty waisted gimmecraps in government, Colo has taken the socialist, do as I say not as I do cake. Colo, you can go to H as far as I am concerned, your citizenry means zip to you.

Democrats want our guns bottom line if they really cared about the public and our freedom they would back criminal control and bring back the death penalty and stop coddling these animals.

I'm a native Coloradoan and am moving home after 20 years in the military and almost 20 years in another state. You can bet I'll be voting against all of those that voted for these measures!

political peril for the gungrabbers in colorado is an understatement. I am sure the good people of colorado will show their TRUE feelings for the 2nd Ammendment next election. We will show politicians what happens when they trifle with the Bill of Rights in states that still remember the Constitution

Rep. Beth McCann is she stupid or what which special intrest group voted her in office has she ever seen a gun

Stupid people do Stupid things....

we the people were given this country with the constitution we the people were given arms in the 2nd amendment to protect this country . we formed a goverment to run our affairs and are controlled by us and we control our goverment  from becoming corrupt and trying to rule us with our 2nd amendment that was given to the people not the goverment . were did they find the idea we give them control of what we can use to keep them in check and protect our country ? lol were did they find we gave them more and better arms to control us ?dont you think it is time to enforce the laws that people cant kill people instead of  worrying about what they are using to kill people . expressly when it is the equipment we need to defend our country that they are using. cant take this equipment away from the people it was given to us to protect our country .if a person drowns a litter of puppy's in a burlap bag do we blame the bag or the water ?try punishing the criminals instead of America for crimes!

there is no such thing as a moderate democrat. moderation ends the day after the electionOMG now it's a generation thing well so ARTHRITIS, HEART DISEASE AND CANCER... AND I DON' WANT ANY OF THOSE

Hooray for Gov. Chickenfooker!! Now that he's stopped all murders in Colorado maybe he will ban drugs from his state. I always thought Colorado was a squared away state and I'm sure most of the people who live there are but it's sad that they are stuck with the gutless wonder they have for a govenor.

Hickenlooper is a beer brewing, real estate, carpetbagger from the Hoosier State. Fine. Many of us have families that have resided in Colorado before it became a territory. Those of us that grew up with firearms don't object to broader background checks or mandatory firearms training. Other than that, the 2nd Amendment is vastly broader than the Governor's "legacy". He can try to impose his nanny state upon Coloradans. It will be repealed by petition or struck down as unconstitutional. Either way, his unilateral "conversation" with other democrats was merely political grandstanding so he can become the liberal version of Sarah Palin on the national stage.

A recall vote looks like the correct thing to do.

Mao said power comes from the barrel of a gun, and unfortunately he controlled the guns!

I would urge all major gun manufacturers, parts makers and suppliers to pull out of Colorado and terminate their existing employees.And for those same producers, I would suggest boycotting all suppliers and vendors in Colorado as well.Money talks. Politicians are great #$%$ artists. Guess who walks when the money talks? Politicians.

I live in a conservative county in Colorado but 70 miles from here is Telluride and the libs control that county, every summer they have the naked bicycle ride right down the main street, women and men riding naked as mothers hold their tykes as they watch this, the paper had it on the front page I was in another town and see it featured on the front page, this is the liberal infestation here in Colorado and it get much worse, debauchery is something they love, Rome went down over his same kind of thinking !If you search you tube you can find this !

The epitome of stupid is you are grown up and adult and you are still a liberal!

We need restrictions on forceps, those things that liberal abortion doctors use to pull defenseless babies out enough from the womb so they can stick them in the necks with a pair scissors to finish them off or simply suck them from the womb earlier, ban those suction devices and arrest abortion doctor also!

“I am convinced that we can do to guns what we’ve done to drugs: create a multi-billion dollar underground market over which we have absolutely no control.” - George L. RomanI don't understand why alot of people from Colorado are upset about this.  YOU ARE THE ONES THAT PUT HIM IN OFFICE. Just shutup and smoke your weed.

Mexico has a gun ban...they have had 70,000 drug related homicides in the last ten years.  More casualties than we suffered in Vietnam and Korea...There is a war going on in Mexico, and the hoodlums appear to be winning...so much for denying citizens the right to bear arms.

Hickenpooper, will go down in history as the dumb #$%$ that ruined Colorado's gun laws!

I love all my "Assault Looking Weapons". They must be broke because not one has ever shot anyone that I didn't mean to.

out of state hunters should boycott hunting in Colorado , let them do without the millions of dollars revenue that produces. see how the gov. likes that

Between Rep. Mark FARRANDINO and Denver Post Editorial editor CURTIS HUBBARD, child rapists are free to rape again after their 2 YEAR sentences, and law abiding gunowners WILL BE at the MERCY of GUNTOTING CRIMINALS! These TWO ESPECIALLY, have NO SHAME! NO SOUL! And NO CONSCIENCE! TYPICAL liberals!

the supreme court ruled in "heller" that an individual has the right to OWN and BEAR arms!  where in ANY law in the Constitution or the 10 Amendments does it give any law-enforcement agency to know what weapons i own? i am not a felon, nor have i been declared mentally unstable; so cite me the LAW that gives the Feds, sheriff, or local police the RIGHT to know what i own!!!  not what they WANT to know - the RIGHT to know!  and back-ground checks go through WHO? the FBI; tell me they do NOT have every purchase with a background check on file. that, my friends is already back-door REGISTRATION!  i just do not see any Constitutional way to demand to know this info:  ergo, i will not give it to 'em!

Even Governers have the right to be stupid!

Liberals are all about if it feels good do it including all sorts of debauchery, gays abortions, liberal are mentally ill and they think they are sane!

what an obamaasinine #$%$When you forcibly disarm law-abiding citizens like after Katrina...only to apologize later...the term 'jack booted thug' may not be to far off. So is criminalizing the pointless a nuance?

In 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915-1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control. From 1929-1953, about 20 million dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.In 1935, China established gun control. From 1948-1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.In 1928, and 1938, Germany established gun control. From 1939-1945, 13 million Jews and others who were unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminated.In 1956, Cambodia established gun control. From 1975-1977, 1 million educated people, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.In 1970, Uganda established gun control. From 1971-1979, 300,000 Christians, unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminated.In 1964, Guatemala established gun control. From 1964-1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.In 1997, Australia made it almost impossible to own a firearm.  Since then, accidental gun deaths are 300% higher than the pre-1997 ban rate.  The assault rate has increased 200% since the 1997 gun ban.  From immediately after the ban was instituted in 1997 through 2002, the robbery and armed robbery rate was up 200% over the pre-ban rates.  In the state of Victoria alone, homicides with firearms are now up 171 percent.In 1998, The UK made it almost impossible to own a firearm.  Figures showed the number of crimes involving handguns had more than doubled since the post-Dunblane massacre ban on the weapons, from 2,636 in 1997-1998 to 5,871.So, you can see that gun control has no effect on crime, other than making it increase exponentially because the criminals who follow no laws to begin with know that there are no armed people to stop them...Of course gun control works fantastically if you are a dictator hell-bent on murdering millions of people.  In that case, gun control is a necessity for gaining power.  The founders understood this, and that is why the 2nd amendment is the 2nd amendment.“Suppose the Second amendment said “A well-educated electorate being necessary for self-governance in a free state, the right of the people to keep and read books shall not be infringed.” Is there anyone who would suggest that means only registered voters have a right to read?” - Robert Levy, Georgetown University ProfessorThe USA's murder rate ranks #108 in the world. The 107 countries ahead of the USA on that list, ALL BAN GUNS.According to the FBI's Expanded Homicide Data Table 8, over 5 times as many people are killed with knives (1694) as those killed with EVERY type of rifle(323) combined.  LOOK IT UP YOURSELF.According to the FBI, firearms are used between two and three million times each year to PREVENT a violent crime.“The beauty of the Second Amendment is that it will not be needed until they try to take it.”― Thomas Jefferson“The constitution shall never be construed...to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms.”― Alexander Hamilton"Firearms stand next in importance to the constitution itself. They are the American people's liberty teeth and keystone under independence … from the hour the Pilgrims landed to the present day, events, occurences and tendencies prove that to ensure peace security and happiness, the rifle and pistol are equally indispensable … the very atmosphere of firearms anywhere restrains evil interference — they deserve a place of honor with all that's good."George WashingtonFirst President of the United States"I ask, Sir, what is the militia? It is the whole people. To disarm the people is the best and most effectual way to enslave them."George MasonCo-author of the Second Amendmentduring Virginia's Convention to Ratify the Constitution, 1788

So sad to see the death of Colorado as it is mutated into Calirodo. Years of Californication (California transplants) have largely destroyed what was once a beautiful, proud, and independent state &amp; transformed it into a nannyist - dependent state run by fools. Moving out of there, taking my business and family out was one of the best things We ever did.... Hey Boulder - enjoy reaping what you have sown....

Pack your bags and sharpen up those resumes'. You'll be leaving shortly. What an ignorant bunch of liberal cartoons.        /////Mac

In fact the "large capacity" magazine probably saved some lives. It did what most huge magazines do - it jammed. Had the #$%$ used standard military magazines he would have fired a lot more shots.

any politician that tries to undermine any of our constitutional rights, no matter what party, should be drummed out and blacklisted, from the service of our country.

Maybe liberals should be giving up their "rights" to abortion and smoking weed in Colorado.

yeah but a lot of californians and new yorkers moved into colorodo and found out they missed their liberal lifestyles back home... oh, dont get me wrong, they loved the friendly people and good economy and safe communities too...  sorry, you cant have both.

This only effects law abiding citizens. The criminals will not buy a gun legally. They steal them, kill with them and we get blamed.

All politicans were yoted in by the citizens, don't think we cant vote you out.Does Colorado have recall ? Perhaps the DemoRats can be placed into the ash-can of history !!! Unfortunately I'm stuck in Connecticut the Worst State in the union !! Just look at our congressional delegation ! Karl Marx doesn't have anything on these guys !! And as for State Government these guys are absolutely unbelievable, you would not believe the stupid stuff these buffoons are coming up with !! Again What's wrong with Freedom? Try it you'll like it !!!

Libs always call names, GUN NUTS, to those who believe in the constitutions second amendment. Lets start calling liberal supporters of Abortion, baby killers or abortion nuts !

he is an #$%$hole

Just cancelled my hunting trip to Colorado this year. Hope others follow, got to hit them where it hurts.

You communist idiots just #$%$ in your own nest on the unconstitutional, gun control law! Goodbye to freedom and jobs in communist colorado!, and hello texas! Semper fi!

cmon dems, keep signing in them laws.. woot, youre just committing political suicide.. say bye bye next election.. =)

LOOK FOR NEW JOBS IN 2014

A new law needs to be introduced, just for politicians..If they brake their oath to honor the Constutition of the United States, they go to prision for a manatory 7 years.......No early out for good behavior.....and no pension....

Why is it the far right thinks that anybody who disagrees with them is a liberal? Why is it the far left thinks that anybody who disagrees with them is conservative. Brainwashed, or dead from the neck up I guess

The AR 15 was in the trunk you lying POS..... Dems are godless #$%$ who only care about destruction and lies....The Democratic Socialist Party can not be bothered with little distractions like The Constitution

If you want a California job, move to Texas.  All the employers are ;-)

If the 2nd Amendment falls to these anti-Constitutionalist Liberals, the rest of our Bill of Rights won't be far behind. Take guns out of the hands of law-abiding citizens and you leave those citizens defenseless in the face of armed criminals. Anyone who thinks any kind of gun ban or limits on magazine size will stop criminals from getting these items, you need to get your head out. No concealed carry? The Aurora shooter drove past three movie theatres which allowed concealed carry by movie patrons to the one theatre which had posted signs stated firearms were not permitted on the premises. Easier to shoot innocent people when nobody can shoot back.

In other news, today Harry Reid turned down Sen. Feinstein's attempt to bring her ban on 157 different weapons and ammunition clips aboard the Democratic Party’s comprehensive gun bill. If this had passed it would have been front page news.  And people say the media isn't biased..unbelievable......

Wow, outlawing a plastic box with a spring inside.And we thought this was a free country

Hick will win for Gov again whether he signs it or not. He talks and acts like the sweet kid next door and has the Mex vote and women vote.

"Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed; as they are in almost every kingdom in Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword; because the whole body of the people are armed...." NOAH WEBSTERThe founders weren't talking about hunting or target practice, the were worried about an over-reaching government.

Hickenlooper is a feel good liberal, always has been and always will be.  He is the figurehead of a progressive movement in Colorado that began in California and has spread like a virus here as well.

Hickenlooper is a poor excuse for an American. He's your typical politiction and will do and say anything that will further his career. We need to get rid of these "Obamaians", they're #$%$.

I'm glad to see Colorado has some very sensible people about.if i walk int a movie theater with a single shot weapon and there are no other weapons to be expectedm, I will still own them all.(peopl)

typical liberal democrat pig.....they "flip-flop" so easy when tempted with a bag of C-A-S-H

Really most Americans favor gun controls , we sit back , smile , watch you jump up and down , then vote for it....

We need to stand up and change this now!! We have lost a ton of freedom, what are we leaving for our kids and grandkids?

It doesn't matter if you're from Texas or Michigan, we must band together and support the people of Colorado in this great injustice and raping of the Second Amendment!!!  LET DEMOCRATS KNOW EVERY WHERE, WE WON'T STAND FOR IT!!!!

These idiots don't understand magazines for weapons. You can tape two magazines together and switch them in about two seconds. Limiting the number of rounds in the magazine won't change a thing. We need more checking into mental issues in our society as it seems most of the shootings come from people who are mentally unstable. Our society as a whole has nose dived into watching more violence and a total lack of discipline for our young people. We are paying the price for all the experts who told everyone how to raise their children instead of just using common sense.

political peril shall be seen in 2014 out west and here in the n east

Someone posted this earlierSarah Palin reminds me of Dorothy (and trig reminds me of Totoand Michelle Bachman reminds me of the good witch of the east (there's no place like home)Nancy Pelosi reminds me of the wicked witch of the west (arrrgh, my little pretty, hehehehe)harry reid reminds me of the scarecrow ( if he only had a brain)John Boehner reminds me of the tin man (he's always crying)Barney Frank, the cowardly lion ( if he only had a heart)the Tea Partiers are like the munchkins ( follow the yellow brick road)acorn ACLU and planned parenthood reminds me of those flying monkeys (always throwing a fit)and obama sorta reminds me of the wizard of oz ( man behind the curtain)

Background checks do not work on paid off officials and their rich consorts who never have anything put in their records no matter what they do,The honorable American is but a pipe dream,EVERYBODY IS A CRIMINAL TO SOME EXTENT,You cannot clear anyone if you really made them take mental testing or really dug into their family history...

It's those evil LEGAL gun owning American's, they are slowly turning into zombies that kill indiscriminately.I live in Kansas thanks for the possibility of Mag Pul moving next door.  Keep smoking your dope maybe after 100 years everyone in your state will we so baked no one will have the ability to lift their arms.

New story about the devil in CT...he planned for, what the police think, is years to hit a target with the highest possible body count..He had spreadsheet 7ft long and 4ft wide of all the notible killings in the last decade or 2....he used police tactics of replaceing a magazine before it emptied to ensure he was never out of rounds...Nothing short of someone confronting him on the way to the school, in the parking lot or inside the school would have stopped this guy...not a background check, not 10 or 15 round mags not an assault weapon ban...NOTHING!

The Colorado Governor is simply following suit with his boss, Mr. Obama. Make the rules as you go, and have nothing but a blatant disregard for the Constitution. Sadder yet there are few republicans/conservatives that we elected to office that have the gumption to stand up in public and call them directly out. I say to all of my republican representatives, come down off your high horse and get your elbows dirty and start showing on national TV and on paper right in front of America just how dirty these democrats are. Call them out, don’t do it through the media. The media is on their side. Do it right in front of the world. STEP UP.

Chickenlooper is doint nothing to make society safer. criminals will still have large magazines, no background checks, no known gun training. where has their sanity gone?

WHO ! I wonder will protect the media's 1st admendment rights after our second admendment rights are gone???????????????

Interesting in some articles, if they do not agree with your responses your commentaries, and opinions disappear.

Idiots making laws - where are the people standing up for our rights

'"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say, 'Where is this appropriate?'" Hickenlooper said in a December interview.' So, let's assume that all of these laws were in place BEFORE Aurora and the mass murderer had taken VP Biden's advice and bought himself a nice shotgun...  What do you think the carnage would have looked like? A decent pump action can hold up to 8 rounds of oo-Buckshot and can be fired just about as fast as a semi-automatic AR-15. Let's do the math, 8 rounds, each containing 7-9 .32 caliber pellets, that would be at least 56 to 72 rounds fired into the crowd. This is just another example of 'feel good' legislature that will have no positive benefits.

Rush Limbaugh straightened me out in 1989 I was liberal with a brain full of mush like most liberals are, I stumbled across him on the AM radio and thought this guy is the rudest person I have ever heard, but I kept listening and he made sense and this morning on his show he was making the most concise sense and clear sense I have heard, and liberals thought he would be done with by now!!

Its time for the spiritual leaders to take overI see a repeat in history. the last time the dems pushed this kind of legislator there were voted out. I guess they don't learn from past mistakes.

This Governer related to Bloomberg???? ROFLMFAO

people that favor gun control will be shocked to see what happens when the govt. does ban guns they are getting the wool pulled over thier eyes it is the goal of govt. to control people and they are gaining it

guns are our only chance of stopping a tyrannical government hell-bent on enslaving us all under taxation and regulation that will never provide us the means to be free........we have backed up 200 years and the governments of Imperial Russia and the Islamic fundamentalist Ottoman empirical radicals are now trying to regenerate their glory days thru blackmail and social and economic distress.......hey Odumbo...you really think that a free AMERICA  is going to give up OUR last best means of preserving what so many of us have fought and died for............when PIGS CLIMB TREES........GIVE ME LIBERTY OR GIVE ME DEATH..........NOW GO CLIMB A TREE "BARRACK".........

If libs are so smart why dont they have the ability to look past next week and see the danger they are causing down the road?

Bye-Bye Democraps

This will backfire big time for the Dems/Libs in 2014 and 2016.  No pun intended.

Don't fight the law.  Impeach the man!

I will vote him and all democrats out of office they are thru.

This is the Califorinacation of Colorado, for those of you who don't know what fornication is look it up!I still can't figure out why you people are so afraid of background checks UNLESS , of course , you have something serious to hide .

These dummy politicians haven't thought about the fact that a good many dems love their guns too. Can't wait for the dummies being defeated in 2014. Keep it up #$%$

In every case from the Virginia tech shooter to the Aurora shooter to the Sandy Hook shooter ,it was well known that they had serious mental problems yet those were ignored and nothing was done, this is telling to me, without these incidents to stir public opinion the government would not have reason to take our guns rights, yes I said it, they want these things to occur and you are expendable to them!

DIMocrats across the nation will all feel the pain in 2014.

Colorado, Chicago, DC, NY.....All places who value the STATE over personal freedoms.

hey people of colorado, you got elections comming up?  vote those liberal morons right out of office and put somebody in there that has testicles large enough to reverse all that liberal stupidity.

Just don't move to Maryland, Magpul.  Beretta is moving to Virginia because of the draconian anti gun laws just passed.  Registration, fees to own, etc.  Sad that this is where our National Anthem, the Star Spangled Banner, was written in 1814.  The liberal democrats took over decades ago.  Maryland is known as the "Free State" meaning free stuff to all, including illegal aliens and welfare cheats.

Horay for promag and every other company in and out of the arms industry..they should all move elsewhere and take their employee's with them..lack of money from tax's and lack of revenue from wages spent in the states economy is the best way to motivate the power mad democrats as they all rush to the newspapers to see who can outdo the other..coloradians unite and rid the state of these vile liers who would lead you all down the road to enslavement for your children and their children...

Do the shrinks control the dems, or do the dems control the shrinks?  or are they the same?

All the gun laws on the books hasn't and can't stop guns from getting into the hands of psychopaths. More laws won't work either. do something about these people that are pulling the triggers. If T.J. Lane, James Holmes, and Adam Lanza got the electric chair, that would deter would be shooters. Note also, these were all gun free places, where there would be no one to shoot back.This misdemeanor of having a larger magazine (punishable by 90 days in jail) will be a major inconvenience to an insane person that wants to commit multiple 1st degree murders (punishable by death penalty or life in prison). Now they have to drive to a any of the neighboring states (AZ, UT, NM, TX, NE, WY, or KS) to buy a larger mag.Yeah, that is going to deter a nutcase... sure. *rolls eyes*Ps. The magazine ban really bans ALL magazines because there is a provision that says "any mag that can be altered to have more then 15 rounds is banned". That means every single magazine will be banned. This is an "evil genius" ploy by the CO Devilcrats to essentially ban all guns, except for basically revolvers and old-time shotguns, since almost any gun today uses a magazine and since all mags "can be converted", all guns are all banned, unless they don't have a magazine attached to it!VOTE ALL DEMS OUT IN 2014!!!

Amazing how the libs and left wingers can spew such BS and otherwise intelligent people drink the BS cool-aid and turn into complete brain dead empty shells.  You sheeple should be grateful for us Sheep Dogs that protect your stupid A--es.

In every case from the Virginia tech shooter to the Aurora shooter to the Sandy Hook shooter ,it was well known that they had serious mental problems yet those were ignored and nothing was done, this is telling to me, without these incidents to stir public opinion the government would not have reason to take our guns rights, yes I said it, they want these things to occur and you are expendable to them!

Hicky looper is on his way out of a job and he can go back to his restaurant business !

I live in a conservative county in Colorado but 70 miles from here is Telluride and the libs control that county, every summer they have the naked bicycle ride right down the main street, women and men riding naked as mothers hold their tykes as they watch this, the paper had it on the front page I was in another town and see it featured on the front page, this is the liberal infestation here in Colorado and it get much worse, debauchery is something they love, Rome went down over his same kind of thinking !If you search you tube you can find this !

If only we could just have all the liberals declare war on us who believe in the second amendment , they can't have a gun however that would make them a hypocrite !

Rush Limbaugh straightened me out in 1989 I was liberal with a brain full of mush like most liberals are, I stumbled across him on the AM radio and thought this guy is the rudest person I have ever heard, but I kept listening and he made sense and this morning on his show he was making the most concise sense and clear sense I have heard, and liberals thought he would be done with by now!!

I'm a Coloradan and a liberal and I believe in the second amendment.  Hickenlooper is making a bad decision with a magazine ban.  Not all liberals are anti gun.

The type of weapon, or the capacity of the magazine is only relevant when your target is capable of shooting back at you. When the targets are unarmed, the weapon or capacity is largely irrelevant because only an armed opponent can stop the shooter. When firing one 30 rd. magazine, or three 10 rd. magazines the results will be the same. The same is also true for the type of weapon. An AR-15 = a pistol = a shotgun = a hunting rifle to unarmed victims.

like MANY states, CO is really two states.  The front range, especially Denver metro with the bulk of the population, and the rest of the state.  and of course there are nuances to that.  but you can #$%$ off the entire rural population and still own CO when it comes to politics.FAIL DEM0CuNtS....You're finished!

This country has been won founded and protected by men and women with guns for 250 years. We were here first. If you liberals don't like it you can go to China, Cuba, North kerea where they share your point of view. I'll even pay for a ticket or two.

There will be a "MAJOR" change in 2014!! Any politicians that voted "Against" the Constitution and Bill of Rights will have "Car Wash Blues" symptoms!!

don't give up people, fight that liberal #$%$ tooth and nail. i'm from new york and we haven't given up we'll get the safe act repealed yet then the governor will be next. people need to leave the Constitution alone.

Gun control, hooey! This, just like abortion and gay marriage, is keeping everyone's mind off of other important issues, basically right under our noses and right behind our backs. Keep an eye on lobbyists and the legislatures that are buddies, to see just exactly who is behind (i.e. the funding) of what seems to be simple matters that end up having more far reaching impact down the road. Labor issues and the like. When you "turn around" some day and say, "when did that happen"? It happened when you weren't paying attention, you were all upset that someone is going to take your guns, and no one is going to take your guns! No one! Ever! You know! You get it?

When you remove god from your life this is what transpires. Lies Corruption deceit on such a massive scale that it would make you PUKE if you knew even a 10th of the truth. The truth is what you cant  handle. So bury it in obfuscation and deception along with your head... This is all a sham, while you 're so worried over gun rights your elected officials are robbing the bank and giving that money to the enemies of your Precious country. cheers and god bless every last one of you, Especially you trolls.

Less than 328 people were killed last year in the US due to any kind of rifle, assault included.  Over 90,000 innocent people were killed by medical malpractice and hospital mistakes, over 7500 of those innocent people killed were children.  Gun Control is ONLY about people control.  The first mark of a true dictator is to disarm his people.  All gun laws lead to restrictions, which always lead to registration, which always leads to confiscation which always leads to population extermination.

You will never keep deadly weapons out of the hands of criminals.  The right to keep and bear arms has nothing to do with hunting or target practice, it has to do with the people having the right to defend themselves.  It includes being able to defend against a tyrannical government that is trying to take away our right to keep and bear arms.  Maybe we all need to look at the real history and see what the British were coming for when Paul Revere is accredited with making his ride.  They were coming to confiscate guns and power.  Our forefathers didn't want the people disarmed ever again.

Any one see you tube video where two cops were showing that a guy with three ten rnd mag clips(by firing and reloading with fresh clip) can shoot just as many bullets if not faster  than an "assult" STYLE weapon with a 30 mag clip!!!! Clip size has no bearing on this gun BS debate!!!!  A mental nutcase will do whatever they want!!!!!

vote these liberal sheep following dems out of office one by one we the people are loosing are freedoms that we fought for which very few of them can say. they allow killing of children with life in the womb ABORTION  ,but thats ok ;gays can marry; and take our guns ; 16oz soft drinks too much its just too much government telling you what to do. but, i suppose i cling to my guns and my religon too much.Just another Governor, who sold his soul to the current White house administration, I bet he moves from the State after he signs the bill. Of course accidents happen every day, who knows maybe he'll have second thoughts or encouragement

The line in the sand is quickly being drawn. What did you expect from the CO governor when he is lock step in line with CA's ideology? This is America and the land of the free. If you do not like the laws passed - you can move. Put up or shut up. There are other states that have laws that you may agree with. Electing or impeaching officials is not going to work - look at the mess our federal government is in with personal agendas and not interested in the will of We The People. No, the time has come to start making a statement through financial means. If you do not like the laws - take your business elsewhere and do not sell your product to anyone in that state (that way you are not accused of discriminating). This includes all state, city, and local municipalities - as well as the general citizens of the state. For those that favor the law, then by all means move in to the state and contribute your cash to the state's growth to make up for the lost revenues. If you are against the law, then there is no reason to spend your money there for any reason - including winter time ski vacations. For those sportsmen that like to hunt wild game? There are other states in which to do this and they are accomodating of you to spend your money there. We are all intertwined and the only solution to help people understand this is through financial methods now. Emothionally based decisions need to be held accountable through financial meythods now that will be far reaching in to the future. We are Americans and we are free to make dcisions in our pursuit of our own happiness. Stand up for what you believe in and either support the laws in CO - or move. Be an American and stop complaining because you can't have everything your way. The time has come for action and words are not worknig now. So vote with your wallet and your American dollars.

Hollywood in Colorado, the Lib-Tard State. Its a beautiful sate too bad I will never get there, because of the Anti-Constitution Gun 'People' Control.

run them out of the state. they are not listening to the people who elected them .they do not deserve a place among the people they stopped listening to

If murder is illeal and punishable by death or life in prison, why would these lesser laws deter someone?  They will find a way.  Meanwhile, you're restricting the freedom of the 99% of the people who follow the laws.  Everyone gets upset when the top 1% influences things, but nobody seems to mind when the bottom 1% ruins it for everyone.

Hope Gov John Hickenlooper is ready for a new line of work.

America's politics is exactly what our founding fathers were escaping when they beat the red out of England.

Colorado.  What a disappointment.

The politicians want you to think that more stringent gun control will make you safer. The truth of the matter is the politicians are creating environments which prohibit guns and make it legally impossible to protect yourself. If you think the police are going to protect you after a nutcase opens fire, you better think again. Police are there after the incident and rarely before. The politicians are setting up and creating "killing fields" where concealed guns are not allowed and the perps and crazies know this. What better scenario is to have  a bunch of people gathered together and not one of them can defend himself/herself.Guns do not kill people. People kill people. Before long the politicians will start banning automobiles because of the number of drunk drivers killing people. The gun control rhetoric from the politicians is illogical and not supported in anyway by the true statistics.

I say any state that limits the size of magazines should also do so for police officers. What makes them need 15 rounds and me only 10?Impeach him on petition dot org

Guess i'll be finding another state to go on my yearly hunts in.  Sorrry good people of colorado, but I can not in good faith and concience support a state that doesn't support the constitution and its amendments. take out the trash, and restore our rights and my buisness will be yours again...

Repubs,  Dems, describes nothing, only indicates which party bought and paid for their election and does not in any way indicate integrity or loyalty to the voters. The only wayto get rid of this epidemic is to stop re-electing anyone thereby forcing candidates to runon their own records and not the party lies.

On June 26, 2008, the Supreme Court affirmed, in a 5-4 decision, the ruling of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit in Parker v. District of Columbia (re-cast as District of Columbia v. Heller before the Supreme Court), that the Second Amendment protects a pre-existing, private, individually-held right, to keep arms and to bear arms, without regard to a person's relationship to a militia.

On March 30, 2011, the 30th anniversary of the assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan, Jim Brady, who sustained a debilitating head wound in the attack, and his wife, Sarah, came to Capitol Hill to push for a ban on the controversial "large magazines." Brady, for whom the law requiring background checks on handgun purchasers is named, then met with White House press secretary Jay Carney. During the meeting, President Obama dropped in and, according to Sarah Brady, brought up the issue of gun control, "to fill us in that it was very much on his agenda," she said."I just want you to know that we are working on it," Brady recalled President Obama telling them. "We have to go through a few processes, but under the radar."

Recall the "Hick".

A doper, bowel mater state like CO?  Their "good citizens" want private unregistered arsenals?  I wonder what the subversive element is up to next.

What good are more laws if Holder won't enforce the ones we already have.Hide your guns,they will be knocking on your door to collect them.

Again these could be just pandering laws or a way to get more tax revenue.  If they don't stand up to constitutional muster then they are a waste of time.  Chicago had to pay the NRA $1 million in legal fees by federal law when their extreme gun measure lost in the courts.

Hickenlooper is a party pooper.look a crazy guy walked to a store with a bow and arrows using it to kill 15 people  he had 20 arrows that he didnt use   ..? should we limit the amount of arrows ?  no law will ever prevent some wack job from killing

This has nothing to do with saving lives it about disarming the population in order to make serfs out of the American people . Its a global effort to disarm americans. Hickenlooper is a foregin collaborator who is working to attack the constitution ! he should be tried and hung !

The Gov does not want "discussions', this is all about an agenda the demonic Dems continue to push. The Gov. is arrogant, stating recenlty that he does not think his signing will cause any type of retrobution. Maybe not. But the Gov and the Dem certainly did not want to hear from the people because the message was clear. "Do not tread on my 2nd amendment rights". Jus tlike personhood currently in the works. they had to put a sentance that declares babies int he womb are not alive and not a person enven thought GOD Himself says they are. They (Dems) and the repubs that compromise are not of GOD, but are of satan. They will stand before God and give an account of their lives and there deeds. Then, they will be case into the lake of fire.

I remember back in the day when Colorado was thought of as Northwest Texas.  Now Colorado is East California.

How many laws do we need? Seniors are ripped on the telemarketers. Not much done. This has to be a long term plan by the G O V...... Slowly chip away at our rights and freedom that the country was built on.

We need to watch people like mayor bloomberg. He is spending millions in other states. He wants his agenda to effect far more people than just his city.We need to find out the bussiness that the colorado house of reps. have and boycott them.

Well its pretty clear what party most of the posters here are part of.

No one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of Colorado Democrats. They're flaky at the dest of times and desperate all of the time.

When North Korea comes over here to sweep up because our illustrious representatives took the meat out of our ability to get and or even keep weapons we better have something left to welcome them other than a hot cup of coffee.

HICKEN-LOOPER. The key here is LOOPER.Remember all of this in 2014!

Political peril is right.  Those who enacted these gun restricting laws have committed political suicide and most likely will not be re-elected.

Well we just got back a month ago from our annual family ski trip and me my brother have decided that next year we will take our families to utah instead.

I'm from Michigan, but I'll be supporting--financially and otherwise--the upcoming elections to ensure these demoncrats are all voted out.....especially, the Governor!!!

Vote HICK OUT in the next election!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Why isn't anyone paying attention to the fact that an assault rifle was not used in the school attack.  The rifle was removed from the car after the attack occured.  There are videos clearly showing this happening and yet all we hear about is how the assault rifle was used.  It was not even fired one time.  IT IS A BIG LIE.

Today the long clips.It won't be long before we are using sling shots.

Hickenlooper even looks like a pastyfaced New Yorker.

Say goodbye to your re-election governor Hickenlooper. This is the west, and we like our guns out here.

I'll just go to Wyoming to get my clips. FU democrats.You want to save lives. Get rid of HIPPA laws. Mandatory data base on ADD patients. Mandatory data base on Occupy members. Mandatory data base on progressive liberals....

The Supreme Court agrees:"In regard to the argument that only those arms in existence in the 18th century are protected by the Second Amendment, the United States Supreme Court does not interpret constitutional rights that way. Just as the First Amendment protects modern forms of communications and the Fourth Amendment applies to modern forms of search, the Second Amendment extends, prima facie, to all instruments that constitute bearable arms, even those that were not in existence at the time of the founding. (Scalia, J., joined by Roberts, Ch. J., and Kennedy, Thomas, and Alito, JJ.)"- Supreme Court Decision in Heller vs. District of ColumbiaAlso in the Heller decision the SCOTUS states that the Second Amendment does “guarantee the individual right to possess and carry weapons in case of confrontation. This meaning is strongly confirmed by the historical background of the Second Amendment. We look to this because it has always been widely understood that the Second Amendment, like the First and Fourth Amendments, codified a pre-existing rightAnd by the way The constitution of the united states America !! is the law of the land .And a state law can not over ride the constitution !

hitlerlooper is nothing but a stooge of bloomberg and obama.

To the dismay of these do good gun controllers, every state has laws against carrying a weapon on school property. That law didn't seem to make any difference to the creep that made a decision to be willing to pay whatever price it takes for his twisted pleasure. We need to start letting school personal or even business place employees have access to secured equipment where staff knows where it is when these creeps start their agenda. There are too many places in this country to have a policeman everywhere. Mexico has strict weapons policies too, look how well that has worked for them. The cartels are armed better than the Mexican police and intimidates them.

Bill Clinton warned the Dems in January about following in the footsteps of Feinstein! He seen the same thing happen in 94 when he lost control of the house and senate

yep.....to all freedom loving people....vote the hitler wanna bes out

DEMO logic:Spend your way out of debt. Drink your way out of Alcoholism. Smoke your way out of Cancer.

an ar-15 was not used in aurora, get your facts straight

"out of our cold dead hands"? Oh, man I sure hope so. This I gotta see. The revolution will be televised- pass the popcorn. LOL

These politicians proposing laws in the name of their Anti-Liberty agenda is despicable.Do not try to justify stripping Americans of their rights in the name of a False Safety.You mean Colorado hasn't moved beyond the gunslingers Buffalo Bill and Doc Holliday yet?

Criminals that follow laws, that makes sense. Enforce the laws that you currently have, then if those don’t work you can try new ones.

I live in Michigan, but I am done with products from CO.

David, your are absolutely right! This is not taught in government run schools and is kept from the people! If you stand for either party or spinoffs thereof, you are a fool. I'm one of the PEOPLE of this republic, SOVEREIGN. We just need more to wake up to this fact and revolt!

These new laws only reduce liberty, and do nothing to protect an individual from bodily harm.

Arrrgh. I'm so sick of politicians who run on one set of values and then imediately cave in, compromise, betray and accomodate every principle they represented. 2nd Amendment, abortion, marriage, spending, etc.  Then they start complaining of hard-liners (Cruz, Paul, etc.) who maintain their credibility!Magpul-- You are welcome to set up shop in Indiana! Bring your employees with you. We'd love to have you here.

Where are the impeachment proceedings to remove these lawmakers that constantly violate and attack our Constitution? Making matters worse, these lawmakers are opportunistic criminals by using great tragedy to advance their personal agendas. It is for this reason that the 2nd Ammendment exists!

Boycott anything from Colorado. Give them not one penny revenue. No hunting, fishing, skiing,or any manufactured goods. Please leave Colorado Magpul &amp; come to texas, tennessee, or new mexico where there are a few intelligent folks left.

"the tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants"Thomas Jefferson

Stupid liberals in CO thought they could start gun grabbing, well... time to reap the whirlwind.  Go back to CA if you want that #$%$.Just loud mouths trying to sound bigger than they are,  The Reich Wing Nuts will waste millions of the state's money trying to inflict their will on the citizen of Colorado and loose,  Just as they have every other legal battle where the the GO{ has tried to legislate from the bench.

All liberal dem.s must be voted out. What happened to America and our rights?  It started by taking God out of everything.

All these laws do is help ease the fears of the population who are not educated on firearms.It does nothing to stop another tragedy. These laws only reduce Liberty, not violent crime.

i have made a trip to colorado every year since i was 7 with my grandparents.(45 now) i save all year to go. i will be taking my money else where.i love colorado but can not support a state that doesnt support the constitution.

Senjd a message  shoot them outlol they probably wont  get that either  dems are total jack #$%$  oh forgot that is there mascot  lolololololololololo

Shall not be infringed ! Ring a bell?   the  right to  own a firearm is not granted from government, but by god or natural law, who are they to decide how and with what we defend our lives and rights ?

The political machine in Colorado are going to pay dearly in the next election cycle, and the next-one, and the next-one and every one after,  bunch of sorry a_ _ _ s. You know your constituents don't want it, and you force it down are throats anyway.  People don't this sound familiar, just like the affordable health care act, that was shoved down our throats.

goodbye liberal jello. hey gov, go after people committing crimes- ie bankers!!!! they are the threat. figure it out yet? my god these guys are traitors and should be trried for treason! immediately!!!

How was the gunman in Aurora ultimately stopped?

People always want to demonize guns, but when there's trouble poeple are quick to thank anyone who had one on hand.  I encourage every responsible adult to at least consider a concealed weapons permit.  This goes and in hand with ending gun free zones!  Isn't it painfully obvious that these tragedies occur at these places because there is no one there who can fight back.  Personally, I think there is a legal case for anyone injured in a gun free zone.  Why?  In my mind its like being taken into police custody.  Once in their custody, THEY are responsible for your safety.  If I'm not allowed to protect myself, you BETTER provide it.Gun control and the 2nd amendment are a political circus. Anyone who thinks we have the right to bear arms should get a stick that looks like a gun. take a walk around the mall and see what happens. They could simply change the bill of rights to read "Citizens have the right to apply for a permit."

Another State in this once beautiful Country being destroyed by Communists.

Anyone else notice since the elections started people have started throwing around labels like "liberal," "democrat yada yada, " and "commie?" Crazy how you jump to such conclusions. I'm a 'liberal', and I oppose gun laws. I wonder if these people actually understand the terms they are throwing around.

Why do the politicians want to get your weapons?  Look what is happening in Cyprus... I wonder what the Russian Mob will do to those politicians for taking their money?

If existing gun laws were enforced and criminals involved in firearm related crimes were sentenced to the maximum sentence there wouldn't be a problem.

I always liked visiting Colorado, but will never spend another tourist dollar there!

Screw the US gov't.  Recall building #7 that fell down by itself?  5% approval ratings and trillions in debt.  Look at Cyprus.  No wonder the criminals want the guns. DO NOT FALL FOR THIS.

Vote him out.

This will end the carreer of a lot of Dems in CO.

Like someone said here. vote them out. Let's show them our power too by ending their job next voting time. Either side will see WE The People still have the last say.This is all the result of the Kenyan leader we have. He seems determined to start anothercivil war. He seems determined to continue to divide America.

Not only are these laws ridiculous and unenforceable, they will criminalize 95% of the gun owning population whether they know it or not.Nobody makes a 15 round magazine for an AR.  99% of all of them are 20 and up.(and they know this)Expanded background checks are just a thinly veiled gun registry which is the first step to taking them all away.These laws do not affect criminals at all in any way, shape or form.  They would not have stopped any of the recent shootings.They only criminalize normal law abiding citizens.

A lot of folks are not getting the point here, in 2016 these laws will be in the books, and these communist leaders will force their way to stay in power,A liberty lost is seldom recovered.

not that i wish death on anyone but i wish just one person would have used a simple revolver to kill a bunch of people. just to show that death can happen from the simplest of firearms. that would make all these arguments pointless. i dont understand the liberal mind and never will i guess.

Somehow guns are equated with strength and protection.  Guns used by foe and in friendly fire in our current war overseas has killed good men and woman who also carried guns.    Somehow the Rambo style movies are in our head about "me and my gun and I will show them."  But in our current life, none of that pans out, it is hollywood nonsense and not reality.

Hickenlooper and his worthless Democratic army are thieves, liars and dissemblers! Fire their worthless hides! They have destroyed our country without a war and are attempting to wipe out every vestige of our former greatness! Petition, sue and vote them to Hell!

They need to.remove all the liberal jackwagons that brough about these laws that do nothing to stop crime. It has been proven time and time again these things do not.work. Criminals.do not follow the laws. The majority of Colorado sheriff departments have refused to enforce these new laws so.now what? Common sense people get trained and get armed. It is getting like the wild west because no one has a solution to stopping illegal gun smuggling or drug smuggling. The economy sucks so we are breeding more criminals out of.necessity. It is time.for a regime from the top down if you arent for the people you are against them.

I see many, many commenters saying these laws violate the Constitution. Those commenters are wrong.Years ago the Supreme Court ruled that the 2nd Amedment does not give a citizen the right to arm himself with any weapon of his choosing. Remember Bonnie and Clyde? Back in the 20's anyone could buy a fully automatic Thompson sub-machine gun. We passed laws to outlaw those types of guns. It was challenged in the Supreme Court, and the Court upheld the law. They ruled that reasonable restrictions can be placed on the types of arms citizens can own. In addition, the Court has ruled that background checks are Constitutional.It's OK to voice your opposition to these laws. As Americans you're allowed to do that. You're also allowed to lobby to get them changed. However, if you claim they are un-Constitutional, or that background checks are un-Constitutional, you're factually wrong.

HickenBLOOPER has already sealed his fate.

HUSSEIN already has VETERANS saddled with a 9.4% unemployment rate, now&lt; - - THIS PIG .. is trying to take away our 2nd Amendment.Only an idiot can't comprehend the concept that a criminal will not obey any law passed by anyone, including gun control laws...It is ironic that in the venue of the First Amendment it is the Second Amendment that needs to be defended. If the gun control advocates could have their way, it would only be a matter of time before they would be scratching their heads and wondering what happened to their First Amendment rights, and crying, “how could this have happened???”Amendment IIA well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.By definition, gun control is against the Constitution and therefore against the law. 75% to 80% of the comments posted in response to gun control articles are pro-Constitutional, pro-II Amendment, pro-gun ownership, which means the anti-Constitutional gun control advocates are a minority with criminal intentions, that being to destroy our Constitution. Gun control has always been a reaction to a tragedy rather than a solution to the problem. If they would pay attention to those who have presented solutions that have been proven effective, most of these tragedies would never happen. The media is predominately pro-gun control, and exploits people who are emotionally compromised by their loss to push their gun control agenda, their coverage of these events creates a false illusion to the public that gun control is a majority opinion. This is how a minority can seize control of a government and strip the majority of their rights. We should seize their “weapon” i.e. the media and make our voices so loud we can’t be ignored.

Hickenloopers political days are numbered, he will soon be out of a job...

You liberals want to mess with the second amendment, well somehow the ACLU stood for your right to the worse kinda of porn and we can't touch it, so get a clue the second amendment is not up for grabs either !

About 99% of the people that commit these mass murders are on or just coming off SSRIs some of the side effects are Aggressive or hostile behavior, Changes in mood, Depression, Increased irritability, Insomnia, Mania, Psychosis, Suicidal thoughts, Violent behavior, “Zombie” demeanor,  visual hallucinations, psychotic behavior, aggression and violent behavior. Just to name a few. They know out of the millions taking these kill pills a few are going to go off the deep end and have hallucinations thinking the world is out to get them and they have to kill as many as they can before committing suicide. Dead babies are good for gun-control and bad for gun rights. The people in the US Gov have no problem drone bombing babies in foreign counties. Obama was not crying tears of sorrow for those dead babies in Connecticut they were tears of joy because he was one step closer to the goal of total gun ban. In the war against the Constitution those babies were just collateral damage.

Seems to me the media is helping the control nuts.You never hear how a person defended themselves against Crazies.My brother,who is in law enforcement,could enlighten them.By the way,not all these shootings were done with rifles.As I've said before,criminals don't give a damn about any laws.If they did,our prisons would'nt be so full

Background checks. We can charge a fee for that. We could make Millions. Let's Tax Ammo on top of sales tax. We could make Millions. How much longer Folks are We the People going to put up with these Tyrants that call themselves, Servants Of The People. When they walk all over the Constitution, Strip Us from our Rights, and Our Freedom, They become the TERRORIST. We Have A God Given Duty To Resist.

In 2010 about 1500 women in the USA, were killed by their intimate others and 80% of those killed were by guns and the vast majority were handguns.  Banning 30 round clips will not stop relationships gone bad.

he will sign the bills and his politcal death warrant

Hey Hikenlooper...how many guns do YOU own...hypocrite !

First off our nation’s judicial system has failed.  If its intent was to make money, then the Judicial system has achieved success.  In our county, law enforcement risks their lives arresting these people, then the Judicial system fines them, then continues to use the revolving door on these criminals.  The Judicial System keeps releasing these people back out to commit their next crime.  The system is already counting money from their next occurrence.I am from Colorado Springs... My state's legistators are making me look and feel like an idiot

you got trumped by the california transplants. good for them! and what are you going to do about it? nothing! ha ha ha you clowns won't even remember this in 2years. now, back to espn and the view with you. your missing the daily show. ha ha ha

The gun laws worked great for Hitler.

If States have the Right to create Legislation abridging Federal Civil Rights, laws and Liberties.  Can States issue Slave Permits?  No.  It is a violation of Federal Law to own Slaves.  Just as it is a Federal Right granted to all American citizens to Keep and Bear Arms.  So, the two questions are about the same issue, State Rights vs. Federal Rights.  Already decided during the Civil War.A new Civil War is what Obama wants.  He intends to use the 2nd Amendment to cause Civil discord and division among the American people.  Then the Muslim Brotherhood will have fewer Christians (infidels) to kill.Wake up.  The crusades only ended for the Christians.  The Muslim world never stopped.  This is all bringing up State Rights vs. Federal Rights.  Already decided folks.  No State has the right to “infringe” (look up the word if you don’t know the meaning) on our right to Keep and Bear Arms.

A couple of gangbangers just followed your teenage daughter home from school. She's home alone and they break in. What does she do?

Where is all the hype about the incidents that occur on the racetracks? People are killed by the numbers by cars flying off the track and I don't see the politicians running to ban racing. Those folks are getting killed by 4000lb bullets.

Best way to get a democrat out of office - let them get their way.  The rest takes care of itself...

I hope Colorado law enforcement will be soon be joining  New York on the firarm makers boycott.

All these new laws are just political pandering from the tragedies at Aurora and Newtown.  Nothing in any of these proposals would have prevented those events from happening and, sadly nothing will prevent them in the future.

It occurs to me the people objecting to background checks and small mags, probably should not own guns. They seem unstable and incapable of rational thought.I was born and raised on the eastern plains of Colorado before all the influx of the libs from California and other states.  I now live in New Mexico because of this kind of mentality that resides in Colorado now.  Between the gun laws and legalizing marijuana, etc...

If Colorado leaders sign this into law on Wed it will be the ruin and end of Colorado!  Mark my words, they are going to lose millions on vacationers, Magpul leaving and people over looking any businesses there.  The NWO plan has been zeroed by the 200+million law-abiding gun owners, who will NEVER give up their 2nd amendment rights!!  You might as well get the next civil war started, who are you globalists going to use for manpower to fight all of us high powered HEAT owners?  The Mexicans?  The Russians?  Last I heard China wasn’t playing ball with you so China is not going to do it for you!   They found out about your Asian virus, hahahaha you fools are NOT going to disarm this nation. Any troops come in here will be wiped out by guerilla warfare in a matter of a few months. We have a gun behind every blade of grass!  Hahahahaha

Governor John Lickenpooper by signing these bills will not create some type of new safety for the citizens of Colorado and sadly is going to throw more people into unemployment and food stamps.

So how does this keep the mentally ill and crazies locked-up and keep guns from them?  Maybe a gun safety class is a good idea.  CO was a Conservative state in the past and now is being ruined by the Californicators.

Carys and Mike have been in here all day, they must thumbs each other up and that is the only support they have, one of them had 13 thumbs down on one comment!

I hate these extremist politicians.

2 billion dollars for free cell phones when we are 16.7 trillion in debt, and 250 million more along with arms to the Muslim Brotherhood, we have gone insane!

The cowardly dimmocrats who passed these laws have been wanting this for years, and were just waiting for the latest crazy murderer to strike in order to further their agenda.Hickenlooper is well liked, but he has voted himself out of office by aligning himself with the fringe kooky left.

There's no such thing as a responsible gun owner. It's time we stopped coddling the trigger happy nuts among us and made it harder for the criminals in waiting to get their hands on assault rifles and all the ammo they want.

Hickenlooper , bend over and kiss your #$%$ goodbye , enjoy the rest of your term as you'll be voted out if not impeached sooner .I will be making a list of every person in the State of Ohio who plans on running for local, state, or federal office, and supports restrictions on the Second Amendment. I will be publicizing the list heavily through the 2014 elections and beyond.

Pack ur bags, gun grabbing (b)itchez.

Pass all the laws you want, olis. I will not comply.

Liberals are destroying America!

VOTE THEM ALL OUT !!!!!!! I agree with you coffin bowie#1

DEMOCRATS are NAZI #$%$!

Vote these "Democrats" out...These are the 10 in the 10-8 Senate Committee vote.Patrick J. LeahyChairman, D-VermontDianne FeinsteinD-CaliforniaChuck SchumerD-New York#$%$ DurbinD-IllinoisSheldon WhitehouseD-Rhode IslandAmy KlobucharD-MinnesotaAl FrankenD-MinnesotaChristopher A. #$%$D-DelawareRichard BlumenthalD-ConnecticutMazie HironoD-Hawaii

Vote Gov Lickinpoophole out!

San Francisco Democrat city council Considers Ban on Goldfish as Pets to Prevent Their 'Inhumane Suffering'.And DEMOS wonder why employers are fleeing to Texas?

Gun Control will not eliminate crime, and these stupid politicians know it.Make criminals serve their sentence day for day as Mississippi does..in some states, a "life" sentence means 5-7 years.that is pure,unadulterated B.S. Make the criminal pay, and crime will go down.Let me introduce Gov. Hickenlooper:  "Bought" to you by Michael Bloomberg.  Good luck in your next career!

how do u expect a country of millions to be united when a group of select few who lead our country cant even agree on what flavor kool aid is tasty?  how about we start listening to the people again instead of the politicians.

This from a governor that allowed the legalization of dope then ignores the fact that dope is the problem behind the mass killings, specifically, the FDA approved drugs that make the patients have homicidal urges. Gotta' wonder, is this character free basing cocaine to make himself feel good about his sins?

Sometimes I think these idiots (dem progressives) want an armed uprising.  I think they just may get their wish.

Democrats wants guns taken away from honest citizens but they support abortion (murder) of unborned babies.

There goes tourism in Colorado!!! I don't go to Cali anymore because of he unfriendly gun laws and I'll never step foot in New York either!

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)."no, im pretty sure it was the bullets. i dont remember hearing that he beat anyone to death with a mag...

are we supposed to feel sorry for this guy?  Not.  Let his political career die, America is better off if he's working as a Wal-Mart greeter

Hmmm...Democratic Governor, national issue, vice-presidential slot open for an unknown.  Living in Tennessee even I can smell something afoot in Denver from here.  Heck, even Florida state reps are initiating ridiculous bills to get their names in the national conversation regarding GUN SEIZURE.  Don't mean to be cynical, but were ARE discussing politicians here.

Hickenlooper is still #$%$ he was called Lickenpooper as a kid.Some folks have gotten so excited about Sandy Hook possibly being our Dunblane that they flashed their true intentions from behind their thin veil of "reasonable regulation." Enjoy your last days in office, gun grabbers.

When people feel the need to walk around armed to the teeth just to protect themselves, then we have a FAILED SOCIETY. More or less gun laws are going to do nothing to change that fact. What we need to do is make this country a safer, better and more productive place. Our Congress needs to concentrate on our own country instead of bombing other nations into submission. It's a darn shame that one of our last booming industries in this country is the making of guns, arms and ammunition. There is a flashing light going off and sirens are wailing and nobody is paying attention.

Colorado isn't red or blue- we are a swing state. That means BOTH parties pucker up and kiss OUR a..es

Someone wrote me a bad check. Let's ban ink pens.......

"a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15"Yes.... if that magazine had been smaller apparently he wouldn't have been able to hit people as hard with it. I'd argue that most of the damage was done by the bullets inside the magazine, but I've been wrong before. Fools.

You get what you vote for, vote them OUT and all tourists should avoid this police state until these laws are rescinded. How much more are you going to let the Aurora shooter take from you. RKBA is your Constitutional right stand up now or dont expect anyone else to stand up for you. What the heck is going on in CO!

Thank You Martha

Boycott Colorado !!!  BOYCOTT COLORADO!!! Especially, big ticket items like vehicles, appliances, furniture, etc.  Boycott Colorado!!!

i`am calling Europe to see if they want to buy CO from the usa    we the people no longer want it on the map of the us.  I will let them know  its for sale cheap!!!

The Top Two Gun Grabbers of the Lawful Citizen are Obama and Holder.  O &amp; H are Once Again having their Ilk to their dirty work so they will not be seen as the Bad ones.The Highjacking Of The U.S.A. is hear and now, bend over and grease up!

Dems are going to be an endangered species.  Vote their #$%$ out.If we the people don't take action we are headed for a POLICE STATEAND MARSHALL LAW.

Next thing ya know they are gonna come after my plutonium.

You can't vote them out the illegals have stolen your vote.

&lt; -  -  IMPEACH

Can you limit a republicans rights that sport an IQ of 45? Guns don't kill people, stupid kills people!

The politicians know that blacks and hispanics on government plantations are committing the vast majority of violent crime...These laws are meant to harrass law abiding white males.  If you haven't figured it out yet, this President is running a covert race war...

It's about time for someone with some common-sense to stand up for our 2nd Amendment.Law abiding citizens have the right to protect themselves,in case another idiot gets their hands on a gun as in that theater.School records will show you all the potental loose cannons we have in our society.Their records should follow them were ever they go and they should never be legally able to own a gun or anything they can hurt someone with.It's these idiot's causing the problems,not the guns!Prevention is better than the cure.

Hickenlooper's political days in CO are numbered.  Recall is virtually certain.  He was warned, and he decided to sign this unconstitutional bill anyway.  Now, he will pay with his political life.

really it is to the point where I feel ii need protection more and more every day. the nuts are  coming out in full force.There is a valid reason for private citizens to have military style assault rifles, and that is to protect themselves from this government.  That is appearing to be a growing concern, especially under the current government that wants to put drones over our heads without search warrants or even probable cause.  As for background checks, we should have performed one before we allowed the current president to run for office.

no gun rescritions but more background and mental health checks are a good idea. legal gun owners are not the problem

People with common sense do not carry weapons unless they fear being attacked or want to play cowboy but it should be a right as long as criminals have firearms and they seem to be getting away with breaking the law. If the police would frisk and search every known gang member and drug dealer they would find them armed thus taking guns off the street and a chance to build bigger and more prisons. As for the mentally ill there parents should be held accountable for crimes committed even after the nut come of age if they don't get help for their child or have firearms in the home.

Turn the guns into bongs thatL fix the problem

As far as their political careers go, they have cut their own throats.  Come next election, they will be voted out of office, lawsuits will probably be taken all the way to the supreme court and quite a few of these new gun laws should be ruled as unconstitutional and repealed.  And all for what?  Nothing really. None of the restrictions placed forth are going to do anything to keep guns out of the hands of criminals, because the criminals don't give a dam about laws.They don't get their firearms through FFL dealers, they steal them or get guns on the black market.  The democrats have been waiting for years to have an excuse to ply their gun control agenda, and boy did they run with it.  Its just a shame that instead of using this opportunity to make some laws that would actually do some good against criminals, they chose to take their frustrations out on the law abiding.  Dam shame.  Now, they have revealed themselves for what they really want...total gun control, registration and confiscation.  The American people won't stand for it, and that will be proven next election.

Time to fight back, folks.  If these laws are enforced, we respond with force.

Colorado just got added to my list of placed NOT to visit or invest money in.

If Adam Lanza had taken a very sharp machete in to the school day ,well we would be calling for a ban on machetes !

I am a native Coloradoan and firearms have no special place in my heart...After two of the worst mass shootings, it's time for something to change.

Love how so many gun nuts commenting do not live in Colorado. They have  no idea what's going on.Did you ever notice only the most extreme gun nuts have a Yahoo Yellow Ribbon of cowardess pinned to their comments?  I like the ribbons because it makes those comments easier to skip...

Radical right wing Republicans claim that Obama has no respect for the Constitution. They claim they are the defenders of the philosophies that were established by our founding fathers. After the governor signed those bills into law a sheriff in CO made a statement to the press that his office will not enforce the laws. Years ago the Supreme Court decided that the 2nd Amendment does not give citizens the right to arm themselves with any weapon of their choosing. (This is why the banning of fully automatic weapons or "machine guns" is Constitutional today.) These laws that were passed in CO are allowed under the US Constitution and are most likely allowed under the CO Constitution, too. Therefore, by stating they refuse to uphold these laws, the sheriff is the one who is refusing to uphold the Constitution.That's kinda ironic, isn't it?

Until all this gets sorted out, can we get all the GUN ENTHUSIASTS to take their well regulated militia rear ends to secure our borders and airports. That will take a load off of the taxpayer! Or are you just all mouth with a gun???? REAL AMERICANS thumbs up! ENTHUSIASTS with gun oil on their genitalia thumbs down!

"No one's saying you can't own a gun, No one's even saying you can't carry a gun! You just can't carry a gun in town!" -Virgil Earp

Doc Holiday and Buffalo Bill didn't shoot kids with an automatic rifle, either.

It is law.  The debate has already happened.  It's time to implement.

Colorado can thank all those californicaters they allowed into the state over the last ten years now they are destroying Colorado just like they destroyed California.

In the first place who in there right mind would vote for some one that looked like that? With a name Hicken looper.

Ok, did he vote himself in ? Was it a coup ? I think not. Now everyone is complaining.

It seems the Republicans believe the problem will be solved with more guns. I just hope we run out of ammunition before we run out of people to shoot.The liberal mind is so shallow ,consider this Obama ,Sharpton can say to the minions we need to raise the minimum wage and all the low information votes gush and say yes yes we need more to flip burgers at Burger King ,so they raise the minimum wage and guess what everyone simply is forced to raise prices and nothing was gained but idiots think the dems actual care about them!

I've got an idea, vote him and all the other dimocRAT maggots that backed this #$%$ legislation out of office and get rid of em'!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

2008 Hussein said:  "I won't raise ANY TAX of ANY KIND that affects the middle class.30 days in office, he RAISED the Federal "Cigarette Tax" a RECORD $1 per Pack.Liberals hate FACTS!

Colorado a land locked Calimalfuntion.

Colorado - The Mass Murder State......  get high on legal ganja......then light up the GE minigun........BRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAPPPPPPPPPP.........then the sheriff decides what laws he wants to enforce........  Rocky Mountain High.........

While conservatives are against abortions. Many pro-lifes folks have bombed, burned down clinics and killed the doctors.

This is a surprise a democrat majority pushing through gun control, gay agenda, and the all important death penalty issue? Where are the jobs?

Ever notice how a DEMO will look across the pond at results of the failed Socialism economic model --- eurozone 11.7% unemployment, -.2% gdp, high taxes, high debt, and austerity --- and say the answer is........more Socialism?

Colorado when you vote for governor again remember John Hickenlooper and they way he tried to take more of your American rights away.

vote them out of office.It never ceases to amaze me if you kill a pregnant woman's baby with a car, a gun or in any way you will then be charged with the murder of the baby unless you have a license to do it as an abortion doctor!

outlaw guns only outlaws/politians will have guns. welcome to king obozo's commie world

for christ sakes idiots enforce the rules in play get rid of gangs get tough on mental health laws are for law a bideing citizens

I've not seen one fact on here from a lib on how these laws would save 1 life.

Amendment means something was changed. The Amendment can be changed as well. The Constitution is a work in progress.

Colorado depends on tourism and sportsmen of all kinds, until they stop this nonsense please take your business else where!

its a great state to be a child molester in; they need limits on guns or criminals could be in equal danger as victims

This P.O.S. needs to be voted out ASAP!!

Join the NRA! Send Wayne LaPierre on another exotic vacation, idiot chumps LOL

We can all thank the Christian right, that has hijacked the Republican party, for so much Democrat empowerment.What's the difference between liberals and socialists or communists?

Magpul makes great products. I hope they do'nt go to China to make their parts.Thanks Hinken loony.

Political suicide? Well, that's one way to get rid of the problem. Can't fire 'em so let 'em hang themselves.

...another picture of a gun grabber pointing at something off camera with his stupid mouth open...I guess that we are supposed to believe that he has just said something important...This monkey needs to go...

In Europe where most countries have long standing restrictions and gun registration, no one ever could show a single crime being resolved or avoided through registration. Still, criminals are heavily armed through their own channels of provision.

WilliamH - yes, you're correct. From the reports I read the Aurora shooter's AR jammed almost immediately, so the governor's statement is most certainly nothing but a political talking point, and as with most things uttered by commie/libs is fiction and lies.

Not surprised that these liberals will risk crashing my state's economy all in the name of expanding their agendas.

I know how I will be voting against next, this country has become a poor excuse of socialist and corruption,

---   MURDER is against the law!  -----Do we need another law that says:MURDER with a gun holding more the 15 rounds is also against the law!Criminals do NOT seem to be deterred by the first law ...Why would we think they will be deterred by the second law ...

Governor. it is not about where or when a right is appropriate. The analysis should begin and end with the right. "Shall not be infringed!" You can read Governor, so move your lips and educate your self.Ask why is it there are two groups...gun control advocates and 2nd amendment supporters? One is based on ideaology and the other IS the law of the land.!!!. Get it right, pro firearm is not as much "my gun" as it is "follow the laws", where as no-gun is "this what I want to happen no matter what or who's rights are  forgotten or rolled over. People who fight for their rights today also fight for the rights of the people who try to give them away who will realize what a mistake they were making later. Also, the constitution is the law of the land and no state may make laws which conflict with the constitution. Now, anything not included in the constitution is fair game for states to regulate as it says in the constitution. And, for the morons who say the constitution is outdated...that is why the forefathers made it possible to AMEND and be updated. So, just because some disagree with the intent and content of the constitution, we should all remember it has lived longer than any one person which means it's ideaology is farther reaching than a few self righteous hordes.

Oh where to begin. So many issues and half truths here. As usual.  But I shall put in my two cents worth here. I have no problem with expanded background checks. There should be some sort of system in place to make sure that a firearms do not fall into the wrong hands.To put is quite simply...there are some people that should not be allowed to own a firearm.Placing an arbitraty limit on magazine capacity has so many legal challenges that it will be a nightmare to enforce. Not to mention that it will not do one damn thing to reduce crime.new york limits magazine capacity to 7, california, new jersey, connecticut and many others limit magazine capacty to 10. Now Colorado wants to limit magazine capacity to 15. Do you see the problem here? Allow me to explain. In the states that have a brain and are run people with a brain and have common sense firearms laws there is such a thing as a reciprocal agreement. That is if a person has a valid firearms permit in one state, said permit is honored by reciprocal states. What that means boys and girls is that a person is legally permitted to take their firearm with them when traveling to other states. As it should be.  Take Georgia for example, a state the meets the above description. Now take Joe (not a real peron) but Joe who lives in Savannah (again not a real place) decides to take a little road trip one weekend.Suppose Joe out fictious person has the unfortunate luck of crossing a border state, while it is legal for him to carry his firearm on a Georgia permit that state might have a law that limits magazine capacity to less that that in Georgia. Joe is now a felon. Even if he does not know about that sill law. Do you see the danger here?   Now as for the myth that limiting magazine capacity to a certain number will reduce crime?  Excuse me while I laugh until i cry.This moronic law will do nothing to stop crime.  So the shooter, who will not obey any silly law out there, will have to changes mags after 10 rounds. Like I said criminals do not play by the laws.  Also banning a certain type of firearm just because it is evil looking and "has no legal purpose" is complete hogwash.  Again...this will do nothing to stop crime. Criminals will still get these guns and will still pose a threat to the average citizen.  We do not need any more laws that limit firearms. There are thousands of them on the books already. Enforce those and put the bad guys in jail for a long long time.  As I said the problem is not the firearm, it is the deranged nut job with the firearm. Now to all of you out there, and you know who you are, that are suggesting expanded background checks and mental health screening...great. I support you, as I said some people should not have a fiream. But how in the hell are you going to pay for such a task?  If you have a workable solution I, and the rest of the gun owning country, will be willing to listen to you.  But until you do..stop beating your war drums and quit trying to take away out guns. Because that will not solve a damn thing.

"These are not moderate. These are extreme, and just really unpopular." WOW!!! The RepubliCON fringe actually have the gall to call common sense extreme.

End all restriction on all weaponry including rocket launchers and surface to air missles. If we are going to allow mass killings we might as well do it right.

How can this state keep putting their kids lifes at risk?

Magpul, can't wait to see you guys in Texas.

This is disgusting obviously, but look at it this way..Just like criminals don't give a #$%$ about policy, laws..etc If the American people ever had to fight a government gone completely Stalin / bat #$%$ crazy, new technology ( 3D Printing / Cheap CNC machines..) will be able to manufacture all of the 100 round mags we need to defend ourselves. In the modern age, it's impossible for governments, especially in the industrialized world, to disarm the people.I hate the fact that I. a law abiding citizen, a peace loving combat veteran ( I hate carnage / violence, and most of us that have experienced it, hate it ..), won't be able to own a magazine that holds more than 15 rounds..While the criminals will..But if we really had to have bigger cap-mags and automatic combat rifles..There's nothing stopping us, the people, from manufacturing a #$%$ load of them in our garages, with a cheap modern CNC machine / 3D printer. Welcome to the 21st century.

"gun restrictions bring political peril"  Excuse me sir, aren't elected politician "hired" to do the work of the people?

People in Colorado affected by this should just go smoke some pot so they don't care about it anymore.  Because that is LEGAL.

Hey if banning assault weapons and magazines is such a good way to stop the violence, why don't they do it in Iraq and Afghanistan?Republicans will control all branches after elections

Hmm... I didn't know Boulder was a suburb of Denver.

Vote that idiot out of office or impeach him.

need to ban gas they might put it in a bottle and shove a rag in it and give her a toss large rocks might bash some ones head in get rid of cars may run it through a crowd and that means nass car racing  they might wreck into a crowd and rollercoasters or any thing that could do harm in fact every has to live in there own private little bubble and especially ban dumbacraps they are the reason for most problems facing America !!!!!

Couldn't they just carry  an extra gun

In related news, Gov Hickenpoopler announced that he is eager to soon visit the White House and share the bubble bath with Obama that he's been promised.

vote the dumbacrap out

The liberal mind is so shallow ,consider this Obama ,Sharpton can say to the minions we need to raise the minimum wage and all the low information votes gush and say yes yes we need more to flip burgers at Burger King ,so they raise the minimum wage and guess what everyone simply is forced to raise prices and nothing was gained but idiots think the dems actual care about them!

Background and drug tests should be mandatory. Only unreasonable people would think otherwise.

Suzanna Gratia-Huppwho survivord the Killeen, Texas Luby's massacre“I would much rather be sitting in jail with a felony offense on my head and have my parents alive.”Don't worry many of those who are trying to take our rights, live in Colorado, and won't give up their rights.

VOTE EVERY SINGLE PERSON WHO HELPED PASS THESE PROPOSALS OUT OF OFFICE COLORADO.good bye dems....good riddance.  maybe in the off season you can focus on REAL ISSUES.

And so where are Bass Pro, Cabela's, other outdoor suppliers and out of state outfitters on this? Are they going to boycott Colorado or just follow the money as usual? And why not a boycott of all products from Colorado (Coors, etc.)? And even all tourism and sports venues as well? If you truly believe in the 2nd amendment, send a message or shut the hell up!!!!

Seems they should arrest them for violating our rights.  They did this down south so the KKK could kill our citizens just because of skin color.  Put them in jail and make it a felony so they will not be able to hold office or vote.

Colorado has a "loopy" governor.  Much more interested in his future political aspirations than in what the residents of Colorado want.  At this point, his "future" aspirations may have become non-existent, along with other Democrats in Colorado.  He was correct months ago - these gun laws/gun bans would not have stopped what happened in Aurora.  If people are intent on killing, they will still do it - and a bomb in the theater would have killed a LOT more people.

the 99 percent of gun owners will adhere to this the criminals we have to worry about will probably think oh #$%$ I really want to kill people but I cant I only have a 30 round magazine. Another idiot got voted in. I was born in Colo. it was backward then and more so now.

Hey Coloradans. you going to let your state gov. walk all over you. Guns and Jessicas Law,  concerned freedom lovers are watching.

TIME TO VOTE

Why is it so darn hard for people to understand this purposed law or new law will not prevent thies evil events from takeing place. Further autos kill 40-50 thousand of people a year. Do we make obtaining a drivers license more difficult and assure society that the person is qualified to drive under adverse conditions. No we don't. Why, because you have to balance the use of the auto to its potential harm to society. Autos are that important so we don't. Same thing with Drunk drivers.The rights provided in the second amendment are RIGHTS not just a privilege like driving a car.Get with it people and use your brain not just emotional thinking but rational thinking. Michael C. not a resident but will be as soon as my home is finished.

thats alright colorado.we need more jobs and people in the south,,keep up with the tyrannical policy,s ,,cut your throats ..lolNot only will this bring political peril, but also "real" peril for the residents of Colorado are slowly losing their rights to defend themselves.

two boys from ohio were found guilty of rape by inserting there two fingers in a drunk passed out victim ..? now should we limit the amount of fingers your child can be born with.....

Sure, OK, ban the magazines for the guns, then the person will just go over the border and buy them in the state next door and use the magazine (bullets) in Colorado, Brilliant!

Read the press release prepared by Magpul's lawyers, explains like you're a 5-year old why these laws are ridiculous. Example, this bill bans ANY magazine that can be adapted to hold over 15 rounds, when in fact every magazine has a removable floor plate, thus making nearly every magazine illegal. The authors of the bill even admitted they hadnt considered this when drafting the laws.... VETO!!!

People in Colorado - You had better WAKE UP before its to late, Vote these Liberal pieces of GARBAGE out or you wont have Any Liberty left - They want to control you and their getting their ground game going pretty good.

Liberals murder 1.2 million babies a year with abortions. They don't care about children or they'd be pro-life.

stop voting and start chasing

Mental health is most often the key to bad behavior, not the weapons they use.  They can still use cars, bombs, knives, poison, hands, less than 15 round magazines, axes, fire, trucks, cement, rocks, gasoline, smoke, etc, etc,.  Our laws are weak in helping the one in seven of our citizens who have some form of mental health issue.  They are weak because the liberals protect their right to be crazy.  California may be on to something by cross referencing mental health patients with gun permits.   It is not that the liberals do not have good intentions.  It is that they are absolutely stupid when they think a law will create the behavior they seek.

The lose of life through gun violence isn't from gun ownership, but through the use of a weapon.  Attack to use, before taking away the right to own a weapon.

Any politician that steps on the face (per se) of the Constitution should be removed from office....FORCIBLY.  Americans are too passive.When politicians or news people say about purchasing firearms as legal line to FFL dealer,then its time to charge them with false statementsas to violating 2nd amendment. They are telling people it their duty to vote, well its their duty to tell the truth.

Magpul Industries owner has my vote for gov. We the people that work for a living go to work and do want to be botherd with this but it is time to come together and vote #$%$ like this out and to support the companys and people that do not go after or rights. I would think my father is rolling in his grave over this but at the same time would not want him to go though this because he was a lot less tolerant than we are today. Mybe he would be really #$%$ lets try that, its time to let them know we will not be pushed around

It will take time but the new law will get overturned by the federal supreme court.  Don't forget to make your tax deductible contribution to the Second Amendment Foundation.

why are we forced to pay them for life they are the ones that wanted to get into politics and are not protecting our country. If they or anyone dont like our constitution the way it was founded can go back to Britain or any other country of their choosing and live the way they wish But this is The United States of America and we want our country the way it was founded by those who wanted freedom from oppression. This why our young men have died for I thought

Why can't the moron politicians get it through their thick skulls that laws are not the answer???  If laws were the answer, the prisons would be empty - we wouldn't need prisons.

I will not comply.

If i was in the gun industry as a retailer or manufacturer, i would hang on for the coming elections to see how they turn out.  If they don't go the way you want, get out quick.

Can they show one place that has banned firearms and crime has gone down. It sure isn't Chicago or DC.  I was for gun control before I became smarter on the issue.  I have seen how the politicians will say one thing and write the bill to do something different. The ban on 16 assault weapons in the 90's they were pushing had all long guns on it.  I didn't think a muzzle loader was an assault weapon but now I know how congress works. Hey congress, Criminals don't care about the laws so passing laws on the law abiding citizens has no effect on them.  ENFORCE THE LAWS WE HAVE AND STOP LETTING THEM OUT OF JAIL

Liberals think they are winning by winning a little battle or two. They are loosing the war. Instant political suicide is voting FOR gun control legislation. The libs are doomed.

Our country is headed down this road because of the lack of disicipline. Values are going down the tube life is not valued..  Why some think " when all guns are gone we will be safer is beyond me"If they succeed in curtailing the Second Amendment, what will be the next target? Freedom of speech, freedom of religion or some other part of the Bill of Rights?

Another politician exploiting dead children to promote an ill-advised gun control agenda.  Pathetic.  Fire Colorado Gov John Hickenlooper.

They're the d*cktards that voted these @$$holes into office!

DEMO logic:Romney family puts dog in kennel on car. Therefore, Romney hates dogs.Obama eats a dog. Therefore, Obama loves dogs

There is no common ground.  You want to limit magazines and place restrictions on transfering ownership.  Gun owners do not.

WAKE UP AMERICA !!! before it is too late &gt;

Bye Bye Hickenpooper,have fun now...this will be your last term in office.

All of these dudes need to be hanging from their nuts from the highest tree, day by day they just get even more stupider than before

I dont understand the problem with online sales.  However a transaction is made, it is illegalin this country to ship a firearm to anyone but a licensed dealer (manufacturer or gunsmith) and the dealer is required to do a background check before delivering it to anyone else.

Buffalo Bill and Doc Holliday didn't use or own any assault rifles or large capacity magazines.  No, just a regular rifle and 6 shooter hand gun.  Didn't hear them complain about it at all!!!It's amazing what you can actually do with a gun when you REALLY know how to use it - like Buffalo Bill and Doc Holliday did.  They never needed 100 round clips and would be embarrassed to be seen with one.  And, they didn't use guns as a way to inflate the size of their manhood as many do today.And still the nations mental health system remains severely flawed. No new laws or resolutions are targeting these glaring deficiencies.

I will never hunt in co.ever again!!! and that's a lot of cash the state won't get from me.

these gun laws --are not for the crimanal they are for the law abiding citizen----plain and simple........

Registered Republicans outnumber registered Democrats in Colorado by 2%.  And guess who has just been energized?

Ok, so now all gun owners in Colorado who want high capacity magazines can drive over the border to a free state gun shop and buy all the high capacity magazines they want.Or you can ask your family and friends in free states order your magazines online and send them to you.And restricting private firearm sales will be about as successful as restricting illegal drugs ( that has been working so well) nice try libtards, your gun control won’t mean a thing as far as accessibility and wont change squat.  Plus there are a large majority of friendly law enforcement who like guns too and they won’t enforce the law!

million man march, everyone has a weapon.

Democrats are doing their best to get themselves voted out of office.  All the Republicans need to do is just sit back and watch them self destruct and ride the wave in the next election cycle.

A politician who stands strong for the U.S. Constitution, and honors his oath of office, is worth more than one thousand politicians who do the opposite. A legacy of character and integrity always wins over compromise and cowardice.

If you libs really wanted to protect the kids, you'd be demanding to know why homeland security is using photos of the Amerikan family for its target practice.  Just for a brief period, pretend there's a republican in the White House... NOW, REACT TO THAT INFO, LIARS !!!

Cancelled my fall hunt in Co. booked a hunt in Wyoming! Just can't see spending thousands of dollars in a state that wants to control guns but says it's ok to get as high as you want! John Denver's Rocky Mountain High, he must of hung out at the Capital.Colorado is not on the frontier anymore.It is not even primarily rural. And no pioneer used a big clip semi automatic to bring home game, nor does anyone today. Nor are such weapons necessary for self defence. A rifle will do just dandy for both. Only  the deluded and the demented want military style weapons for anything whatsoever. .

The 2nd Amendment is maybe the last Constitutional Right we have that has not been compromised very much. So, what will you be defending, if you fight for this last one? Sorry, folks, but I think our precious Constitution is gone. So, go back to watching TV and drinking your favorite beverage, until the money stops coming to you. I will be watching you fighting your neighbors from a distance. Bye!

This is the end of COLO as we know it.

These politicians are so afraid on an inanimate objects potential for harm, if used for evil.Treating every citizen as if they were a deranged maniac who can not be trusted.The Anti-Liberty needs to stop!

"gun control" is just a code word for more "jim crow laws"  ; read your history and see that is where it all started .  It's people control , that's the bottom line .

This issue will determine Americas future.We will continue as a free &amp; honerable country or we will become a ho-hum, 3rd world nation of nothings. What a shame.

Bye bye Hickenflooper, Geron, and all the other liberal idiots!  Your unemployment never looked so good!

It seems that most of the democrats serving in Washington have the brain of a third world mentality. They truly believe that the American people are too stupid to think for themselves. Like Obama is thinking that all of our vets are unable to handle their own lives and affairs so he is have them listed as incompetent to even handle their money are anything else.

7.62x51 nato

And we need out-of-state people to come pitch their anti-gun rhetoric here!More gun laws will not keep guns out of the hands of lunatics, criminal gang bangers and other deviates.Enforce the GUN LAWS ALREADY on the books.By the way, AM NOT A GUN OWNER.  Have not fired one since being honorably discharged by the USMC nearly 60 years ago.The politicians, such as DEMOCRAT California GUN OWNER Senator Fienstein, with her "not me I'm different" attitude is using this drive against the 2nd Amendment, just like the Jackass rider in the White House is doing, strictily for political purposes.

Colorado leads the nation in mass shootings and now they want to make the whole state a "Gun Free Zone".   HaHaHaHa.  Stay out of Colorado

I have staied out of this,but let me say that a gun is not dangerous it don't matter whay kind.Most crimes are caused by hand guns.Most killings are done by people that are mentally disturbed.of some degree,afew are done by derange individuals,but stupid idiots blame guns and not the people behind the gun.

He will never get my vote again

There is a You Tube video “Sirhan, The Manchurian Candidate, &amp; CIA Mind Control Experiments”. It shows a lot of archival research on how the CIA is suspected of using mind control techniques to get someone to commit assassinations against their will. It is done with a combination of drugs hypnosis and electric shock. The mass shooters seem to have 3 things in common. A lot of perscription drugs, antisocial behavior, &amp; a high tendency for suicide after the act. It is like they all went to the same assassins school. Can any one think of a better way to turn Americans against guns than mass shootings?! Does any one know what false flag means?

"It is dissappointing to us that money and a social agenda from outside the state have apparently penetrated the state".  Does that include arm twisting by VP Joe Biden or the anti-gun show duo Gabby &amp; Kelly?  These are not "moderate" measures but extreme attacks on the 2nd amendment.  You want common ground, have your "law makers" look at enforcing existing laws and evoke a death penalty for mass shooters. "Sad and angry" comes from your total disregard to your oath of office as a governor to uphold the constition and is a betrayal to the people who elected you.  The very first people of CO to get a back ground check should be your state representatives...and the $10 paid out of pocket, please!

Well I guess if enough people are unhappy with the Governors actions they can vote to remove him. Frankly I am glad Magpul Industries may be relocating and bring it's jobs to my state but I am not holding my breath. The enforcement will be a nightmare I pity law enforcement trying to sort it out but that is never considered in knee jerk legislation, just do something even if it is wrong. Law officers are conscious of the fact that when they put on the uniform a bulls eye comes with it. One small thing that they count on is the average Joe not being a threat because he would be vastly out numbered and maybe Joe even lending a hand if he sees him are on the side of the road being beaten by a couple of bad guys with a traffic stop gone to hell. That will change when Joe is suddenly considered a criminal and treated as such, of course the liberals never would have stopped to help out to begin with and if they did they would likely be too high from the weed to be of any help.

The Supreme Court agrees:"In regard to the argument that only those arms in existence in the 18th century are protected by the Second Amendment, the United States Supreme Court does not interpret constitutional rights that way. Just as the First Amendment protects modern forms of communications and the Fourth Amendment applies to modern forms of search, the Second Amendment extends, prima facie, to all instruments that constitute bearable arms, even those that were not in existence at the time of the founding. (Scalia, J., joined by Roberts, Ch. J., and Kennedy, Thomas, and Alito, JJ.)"- Supreme Court Decision in Heller vs. District of ColumbiaAlso in the Heller decision the SCOTUS states that the Second Amendment does “guarantee the individual right to possess and carry weapons in case of confrontation. This meaning is strongly confirmed by the historical background of the Second Amendment. We look to this because it has always been widely understood that the Second Amendment, like the First and Fourth Amendments, codified a pre-existing rightAnd by the way The constitution of the united states America !! is the law of the land .And a state law can not over ride the constitution !

any body that voted for gun control needs to b voted out an publicly disgrace.......

I will never spend another dime nor visit colorado! Do not mess with the 2nd admendment!!!!!Why does anybody buy the argument that one should blame a tool for its misuse?  Why does anybody buy the argument that imposing restrictions on the sane and law-abiding people will somehow control the insane and law-breaking people?  What happened to the ability of people to think as individuals and not as misled members of a herd?

the inpact of this will be far reaching

A Democrat is a Democrat no matter what he/she says,nuf said?

Cost to enact new legislation and laws to erode the rights of American citizens ignoring the Constitution and the intent of the framers??? Loss of personal freedoms.Cost of not enforcing either the new laws or those already in place???Priceless!!!!!

This is a knee-jerk reaction to appear as though the problem has been addressed. Not so, they are trying to sweep the real problem under the rug. The lack of proactive mental health services is the problem. Look at the people who perpetrate these horrendous crimes.It is going to break my heart to vote republican in the future. But, I fear it is coming.

Freedom!!

should all be removed from office and charged   crimes against the constitution and oath violations!!!!  they should be yoked up today

Colorado, REMEMBER NEW ORLEANS!!!!! Don't give them ANYTHING!! They start a list of "Eligibility", pretty soon EVERYONE is on it. Impeach them all if they vote for it!

Dems will never learn and niether will voters. When dems get control liberty flies out the window. They couldn't care less about anything but forcing their views down everyone's throat when they get the chance...just like Obamacare. Screw 'em.

I won;'t be going to Co. anymore they can take all of their Liberal  BS and put where the sun don't shine.With a name like his he should be banned.

This government all of them have lost all credibility. They spend money they dont have, lie about there agenda, commit crimes themselves, attack the documents that give the power to the people and pass laws they know are accually written to further agendas and not to curb crime. It's high time Americans be ready this atempt to remove some guns and make ammo almost imposible to get aren't for show. Somethings comming down the road.  No one knows for sure what it is but the proof is in the recent legislation. The politicians are more crooked than we could even imagine. I will say I told you so.

He needs someone to do some back ground checking on him. Im sure theres a skeleton in his closet. We need to start voting all of the gun haters out of office. And what happened to upholding the constitution? ALL of it not just the part you agree with.

These idiot politicians just DO NOT UNDERSTAND! I vote for a total overhaul to the government. How about that?

Better to risk losing an election than to lose your soul

The battle for gun rights was lost in Nov when democrats were voted in.  The only solution is to vote them out when the opportunity arrises.  I hope that ALL firearms, magazine, and accessory manufacturers, will refuse to sell to goverment agencys in states who expand gun restrictions.

RECALL...OR  2014 VOTE THEM OUT!!!!

If this stupid fool signs these bills his days as Colorado Governor are done !!!I will never vote for another Democrat as long as I live !!!

We had a Chickenlooper in the hen house once..Grandpa cracked it with a shovel...

say goodby  Hickenlooper and any other who will vote against the 'right ti bear arms' in your next election....East coast liberals have used Colorado politicians like a cheap w h o r e.

Magpul Industries, Louisiana will welcome you with open arms.  Bring your employees with you.  We have a Governor and Senators that protect the 2nd amendment and are NRA supporters!!

Just more proof that politicians will let fear win instead of taking a rational look at the root of the problem. Do they blame bombs when people are getting killed all over the world by insurgents and terrorists? No. They blame the people who set off those bombs. Why should it be any different in our country? Mass shootings don't happen because of guns. A gun is an inanimate object. It takes someone with extreme hatred to perform these acts. They are the only ones responsible. So stop pretending like the other hundred million gun owners in this country are to blame.

and the beat goes on

Citizens of The U.S.A. should be concerned, not just are there rights and freedom at stack but there vote in U.S.A. election can be stollen by non citizens and illegals with the blessing of the Demacratic Party and possible the Supreme Court.

&lt; - -  is all about PUNISHING the Legal, Hard Working, Law Abiding citizens, &amp;REWARDING - the Criminal, ILLEGAL, &amp; Lazy.

The Gov leaves a little out of the actual story... the theater gunman (from published accounts) used a "drum" on his AR 15 which malfunctioned well before 15 rounds had been fired from that weapon.  If I recall he got 7 or 8 shots off before it failed to function and he was forced to switch to handguns.  Had he had a couple of the 15 round mags this law requires he would have done even more evil.

Hickenlooper is one of bloombergs puppets

He was planted there by Liberals. Every shooting was a setup by Liberals to bring the Gun issue to the forefront. They Liberals want Americans disarmed so they can plan their next move on Us. They are patient and will let this play out over Generations. Be vigilant fellow Americans. Teach your Children well. Liberalism is just Communism with a pretty name.

who cares you all suckGet rid of traitors in government and the president illigal is the worst.

" Common Ground " Here it is leave the 2nd admendment, Along with the rest of the consititution! And our Bill Of Rights Alone!..  Who s that for Common Ground" As far as  im concerned Anyone Who Misses With either of them Is A [ commuist ]"!..

All of this gun control (taking rights away) is all being done to control citizens. The powers to be used the school shootings as an excuse to do this. If they were truly concerned about mass shootings they would instead address the FACT that most of these shootings were done by people who have used Ritalin and ADHD type drugs. The truth is the 2nd Amendment provides Americans a way to defend themselves against a corrupt government.

Alcohol has KILLED MILLIONS but you can buy all you want...Its about your freedoms here time to take names folks...20 million illegals path to citizenship will take your jobs and bring millions more criminals to replace them china and north korea want to march over us lets all give up our protection??

For all of you who argued that "when has an AR-15 ever been used in a mass murder", here's your example in the article.  You said it never has been, citing Sandy Hook as the example.  This article proves you were wrong.

What ever happened to simple Civil Disobedience? If nobody obeys, it is not enforcable.

Only dumb Yokels keep throwing around words like Socialism, Fascist-ism, Communism, and Marxist-ism. Do you even know what they mean, grow up. I left Vietnam injured and crazy for those stupid words. They mean nothing.

It wouldn't surprise me if Colorado flipped from blue to red in the next couple of elections.

The only way your gonna get me up there hunting again is to put a "bag limit" on libs/dems.

Politicians these days don't give a rats #$%$ about our rights, we as a people need to change that.  Vote out anyone who doesn't represent the rights of US citizens, we are the only reason they have a job I think they need to be reminded.Lots of chicken chit posters on here tonight.

The second amendment guarantees the right to bear arms for a "well regulated militia" -- what part of "well regulated" do the gun nuts not understand.  The government has always banned military grade weapons from civilian use (in the 1800s it was illegal to own a gatling gun!)  The right to bear arms needs to be addressed in a responsible manner (for example, if you are careless with your guns and they get stolen, then you are responsible for the crimes committed with that gun -- problem solved!)

Ive been living under a misconception all these years.  I really used to believe that when these politicians took the "oath" of office, that protecting the constitutional rights of their constituency was their first priority.  It seems that is being used as a charade..  Our second amendment rights are being taken away fairly easily now.  Who in their right mind would ever vote for a democrat again.

Thank You MAGPUL you have set a huge example for other corps. who respect freedom. I as well will be boycotting CO

I bet a lot of Democrap pols loose their seats come the next election.

Don't need a gun to hunt pervs anyway, a baseball bat works just fine!

Funny how gun rights advocates (see, i did not say "gun nuts) always talk about commie this and commie that, but never adress how Ronald Reagan was for gun control, and how George Bush, Sr left the NRA

The spineless politicians and the liberals have done more damage to the democratic party than the repubs could ever do.  The dems are just down right stupid and the repubs favor the rich, we need a new party and soon.

Colorado, I am embarrassed for you.  The Constitution says it all.

Obama should be cautionary...as his gun control measures may, "Backfire".Having to change magazines after 15 rounds will give the good law abiding gun owners a chance to stop messing their pants, pull out their guns, and also start shooting innocents.

You people are ridiculous.

As the Second Amendment completely protects my right to arms, as the NRA asserts, I can hardly wait to get a shoulder-mounted small tactical nuclear weapon. The best part'll be sittin on the porch of my trailor, chugging beers, with my trusty shoulder nuke right next to me, jest like I used to have my 22 over my lap for "protection". No tyrannical government can restrict my right! Don't tread on me!!Sheesh!! Total insanity rules.

Why would any one need a assault rifle? Please explain. To protect my home, i have a 12 guage remington pump. I think for the average person, that would be enough.

Repub are not the angels of our rights. They are the slavbes of special interests and AFRAID to lead in the face of the NRA. #$%$!

All of the gun advocates talk about how laws would take guns away from law abiding citizens that only use them to protect their families and property (2nd Amendment Right). So how does expanding background checks take guns away from LAW ABIDING citizens? It would only be the NON LAW ABIDING citizens that would be hurt by expanding background checks right? Or am I missing something? Felons can't vote so why would they be permitted to have weapons? Expanded background checks would stop felons from getting guns so easily. Am I stupid? I just don't get the argument from keeping felons from getting guns legally and easily!

If more guns equal a safer society why are they banned on passenger planes? Would aqnyone go into a movie house knowing that everyone had a gun? There is only one last row.

If only we could just have all the liberals declare war on us who believe in the second amendment, they can choose the field of battle, they can't have a gun however that would make them a hypocrite !

When I was young man it was the sixties and the Beatles and Woodstock ,sex drugs and rock and roll times and rebellion, I was caught up in it myself to an extent until one day someone told me about how at one time the Roman empire had fallen from within over one thing ,moral decay and complacency and resting on their laurels and it hit me that this was us now, it changed my thinking completely, I turned to conservative !'If you are not a liberal at 20, you have no heart. If you are not Conservative by 40, you have no brain'. ?This remark was made by Winston Churchill.I think it is truth.When we are young, we are full of hope not only for ourselves, but for everyone else. We see a world full of possibilities and change for the better.However,as we get older, the reality of how the world really is changes our perspective. We may acquire more wealth, prestige, and want to retain it,we may marry and have children, and want to protect them.

Liberals. What do YOU do if someone breaks into your home to rape and pillage? And remember they will most likely be liberal voters that are doing it.DOOMED TO FAILURE just like Prohibtion and the War on Drugs.

Guess what, dimwits?...Buffalo Bill and Doc Holliday lived over a century ago. And even back then many towns and cities (including Tombstone, Arizona) had local ordinances restricting the carrying of weapons in town limits.

These are reasonable laws and by the next election the Gun owners in Co will realize they do not really impact them much at all, plus the Federal Government will pass stricter laws making these Colorado laws moot.

The republicans alike are advocating eventually, is to disarm the public legal gun owners, infinge on the 2nd amendment with 'soft legislation' and enact NDAA law. Example, History reads that Hilter first disarmed the Germany people, then ordered its people to perservation camps and enacted slave labor. The U.S. military disarmed the Native Americans and forced them on reservations and killed tribes without prejudice...remember the Longest Walk and Wounded Knee? Israel did the same act to the Palestinians. Our government is walking on egg shells regarding "gun control" because "they" don't want to instigate a "Civil War" like in Syria. The U.S. government is creating "Political Regulation" to the 2nd Amendment with their "soft legislation" like stricker background checks alike.

How lame that a state that claims to be hunters can't kil a defensless animal with a rifle or a pistol.....no they are so worthless at their skill that they need a automatic or semi automatic to kill a deer...lol.....what a bunch of NRA #$%$.....you would think afer so any of their children being killed in that state in the attacks in teh high schools there that common sense would rule...but no ...and the argument you need to be protected from robbers or the government...if you can't take out a robber in your own house with teh home feild dvantage...you soudln't even own a gun....and as far as the government...I don't care what kind of gun you have a drone would take yoout first

This nation's use of guns in the past to settle this nation is a mind set that does not serve us today. The influence of the NRA and their expectation that assault weapons and no limits on ammunition is not beneficial to a safe and civil community.  I am tired of the "my way or the highway" mentality of the NRA.  THe second amendment is not threatened by the current need for community safety in controlling access to certain weapons.

Just today a liberal news station reported the school suicide guy even has a .22 caliber assault rifle, now what the hell is that?

WARNING"  Stay our of Colorado. It's not safe for children and other living persons.

We need to have a tea party, 1776 Boston style. We need to arm ourselves and kill the traitors.

the people of Colorado,deserve what you get for voting these people in.A liberal is one violent crime from becoming a gun carrying conservative,,,"

Most people I know that live in Colorado are from California

Lets see the House , Senate , and Governor are all Majority voted Democrats. Where are the Republican votes going to come from to oust them????

Fire anyone not upholding our rights!

This is obama's Pride and Joy , " Gun Control " , He promised this to the United Nations , a group of Third World Country's who will be taking US over if we don't stand up for our Rights and Constitution !!!

All polls show over 90% of the populace support background checks for ALL transfers...

There is a You Tube video “Sirhan, The Manchurian Candidate, &amp; CIA Mind Control Experiments”. It shows a lot of archival research on how the CIA is suspected of using mind control techniques to get someone to commit assassinations against their will. It is done with a combination of drugs hypnosis and electric shock. The mass shooters seem to have 3 things in common. A lot of perscription drugs, antisocial behavior, &amp; a high tendency for suicide after the act. It is like they all went to the same assassins school. Can any one think of a better way to turn Americans against guns than mass shootings?! Does any one know what false flag means?

Note to all. The N.R.A. has approximately 4.5 million members. The U.S.A has approximately 300 million members. You are a loud minority but a minority none the less, kind of like gay people huh?

Follow the Leader thats what all the Dems do not one can think on they own.. Worthless #$%$

We the Government, in order to form a more perfect America, do hereby band and make illegal, anything and everything that kills fellow Americans, EVERYTHING!Don't fight the law.  Impeach the man!

He said: "When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle). I think we need to have that discussion and say,..."It could have been done with a 10 round magazine, or a "Biden Special" shotgun.  These people just don't understand firearms.

When will the voters realize that voting for democrats is voting for eventual loss of our constitution.I guess as long as you allow them to buy you off with goverment programs your loosing  your individual freedoms eventually.

Soooo my Repuke friends, now I have to go to my shift and pick up my patrol car.... and make some money for living, including the funding for your welfare check.

CO. following in the steps of Chicago &amp; NY. And Strict gun Laws Really helped in those 2 States didn't They? FAIL

As but one question as it concerns gun laws? Why are their no deaths buy Thompson machine guns any longer? Gun laws do not remove rights. But they do remove certain guns aka the Thompson Machine gun!

Them Poor,Poor Guns Are Sure Taking A Lot Of Blame Lately. I Like That Weld,CountySherif ,Now That Old Boy Knows Whos GUILTY OF CRIMES, AS A COLO.BOY LIKE ME.CUT THE TRigger Finger Off THEM DUDES That ARE STUPID AND YELLOWCOWARDS.....

By Tim DickinsonJanuary 31, 2013 10:00 AM ETEleven days after the massacre, Wayne LaPierre – a lifelong political operative who had steadied the National Rifle Association through many crises – stood before an American flag and soberly addressed the nation about firearms and student safety: "We believe in absolutely gun-free, zero-tolerance, totally safe schools. That means no guns in America's schools, period," LaPierre said, carving out a "rare exception" for professional law enforcement. LaPierre even proposed making the mere mention of the word "guns" in schools a crime: "Such behavior in our schools should be prosecuted just as certainly as such behavior in our airports is prosecuted," LaPierre said.This speech wasn't delivered in an alternate universe. The date was May 1st, 1999, at the NRA's national convention in Denver. Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold's rampage at Columbine High School in nearby Littleton, Colorado, had just killed 13 students and teachers, shocking the conscience of the nation.Wayne vs. Wayne: When the NRA Chief Endorsed Gun Control in SchoolsThe disconnect between the NRA chief's conciliatory address on that day 14 years ago and his combative press conference in the aftermath of the slaughter of 20 first-graders in Newtown, Connecticut, could hardly be more jarring. In his now-infamous December 21st tirade, LaPierre ripped the gun-free zones he once championed as an invitation to the "monsters and predators of this world," advertising to "every insane killer in America that schools are their safest place to inflict maximum mayhem with minimum risk."LaPierre then o\u001Dffered what he called a "proven" solution to school gun violence – one that would open a lucrative new market for the gun industry while tidily expanding the power of the NRA itself. "The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun," LaPierre insisted, before proposing that armed, NRA-trained vigilantes should patrol each of the nation's nearly 100,000 public schools.The shift in LaPierre's rhetoric underscores a radical transformation within the NRA. Billing itself as the nation's "oldest civil rights organization," the NRA still claims to represent the interests of marksmen, hunters and responsible gun owners. But over the past decade and a half, the NRA has morphed into a front group for the firearms industry, whose profits are increasingly dependent on the sale of military-bred weapons like the assault rifles used in the massacres at Newtown and Aurora, Colorado. "When I was at the NRA, we said very specifically, 'We do not represent the fi rearm industry,'" says Richard Feldman, a longtime gun lobbyist who left the NRA in 1991. "We represent gun owners. End of story." But in the association's more recent history, he says, "They have really gone after the gun industry."

Gun control = end of political career

Join the NRA. MOLON LABE!We are boycotting all businesses owned by any family member of the democradic party or previously owned businesses like the Wynkoop Brewing Company brewpub that John Hickenlooper used to own.

Lord Obammy promised, in exchange for their unconstitutional subversion that Preznit Skynnee Nyggah sweatily looks to for subversion and scumbaggery on a Federal level, the Colorado politiskumz that he would campaign for them when they ran again...to smear themselves further on Colorado, and the sensibilities of the sane everywhere.The grossly offensive and spectacularly ugly Chimp Woman law ho, whose human name I won't repeat, was the deranged cheerleader hooting Bonobo that lead the charge.Hinkey Looper and co-conspirators are OVER...the groats just don't know it yet.

You want to what really #$%$ me off? There was never a gun issue until some insane #$%$ picked it up and uses it for doing bad things! And from all accounts of killing his Mother first, shows he had absolutely NO respect for his Parents! I do! I took care of my Dad until he died in 1980 from wounds received in Combat in WWll (Luzon), I took care of my Wife for 13 years (Viet Nam Vet) until she died, I am now taking care of my 91 year old Mother, and I will until she leaves this insane world! What killed these wonderful people? NOT GUNS! POOR QUALITY, INSENSITIVE, SCREWED UP, MALPRACTICE DOCTORS!

Look at Cyprus. Think Herr Chickenpooper would take everyones $$ like they are in Cyprus if the Cypriuts still had their guns. Oh but they're safer now that they're disarmed. Also poorer.

Why are all of you non-Coloradans moaning?  Whatever happened to your belief in "State's Rights."  Mind your own business...and your trailers...and your goat farms...and your wife-beatin', NASCAR lovin' hillbillys.

How will expanding backround checks to all sales interfere with law abiding citizens from exercising their 2nd amendment rights?

Just like Hitler, scared by the power of armed American People so stop the sale of guns and ammunition , disarm good people and let the Gangsters do the dirty work. Next step civil War. We the people BULL PUCKY.

"a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)."  Does he have any idea how quickly you can simply change magazines?

We need to stand up for our rights provided by the second amendment to bear arms, not be limited to magazine sizes or undue background checks. Freedom has a price as well as life. To give up either is to loose something you never cherished in the first place.

Even on conservative websites like REDSTATE, they said that Lanza DID use the Bushmaster.While in nearby Oklahoma, Saw on the internet where a person was shot in the head at a Oklahoma City indoor shooting range.

Impeach him under the option that the Colorado constitution gives,  not available under the U.S. Constitution. It's called "malfeasance in office".

the gun grabers wont stop there fake school shooting--til you people wake up and start thinking outside there little box they made for you--------you either wake up or you lose all gun rights-----plain and simple............

my fellow countrymen I don't think the dems are worried about being voted out I believe they are planning to take over the country an scrap the bill of rights all the signs are there next will come marshal law an gun confiscation an Obama will find something to trigger this event . our forefathers knew this could happen one day that's why we need to stand together on the second adm the right of the people to keep an bear arms shall not be infringed upon

I bet the liberals in Colorado never considered that a resident of their state could take a quick road trip to Wyoming, Nebraska, Utah, Texas, New Mexico,  Kansas, Oklahoma or Arizona and come back in an afternoon with as many high capacity magazines as a car or truck could carry.  Yet another worthless law created by worthless, knee jerk reaction politicians!

OK Colorado citizens. Now is time to show whether you are (Rocky Mountain mASSachusetts)  or a great western state. VOTE and show us who you are!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Hope it costs Colo. alot of money.

My name is Padraig Lynch. I live in Durango Colorado. I am sick of the Liberal agenda here in Colorado. I will go against the Liberal Agenda that feeds like a cancer. THIS IS MY HOME. Help recall mike McLachlan. Vote ALL the Liberal Left wingers out of office. Make politicians accountable!!!! Even Obama. OMG!!! (Obama Must Go).

Ok MagPul..Your up..Its time to put up or shut up...

Notice how the dem/libs don't want to place any restrictions on the mentlly ill?  They don't want to disenfranchise their voter base.  Instead lets blame something else to make it appear that we are doing something.Universal background checks sounds great, but the costs and inconvenience of registering all the good guys makes no sense.  The NRA is right that we should emphasize mental health treatment as a better option.  Only problem is conservatives don't want to raise the taxes to pay for better mental health treatment.  So we get ineffective nonsensical laws.

The liberals will not be happy until they have stripped us of all our rights and taxed us into oblivion.

AND MY PETER IS ABOUT  THAT LONG

the question is why do dems or better put libs hate freedom??..they cannot discern truth any more..they are even disgustingly weak for a dictating country..it is a soviet brain wash to teach the willingly ignorant not to offend people..then by doing that they are incapable of even voting or standing up for morality issues..why would an american argue against the constitution??..the same way the ignorant would try to make you feel guilty about believing in a man and a woman for marrige..the soviets know to take a country from the inside you need to get them away from their strenth,which is their GOD..our guidence is our lord..the soviets were even funding hippie progams in the sixties..they even supplied the drugs to distort the mind..once were disarmed here come the russians and chinese....

Lobbyist and their  mienions love to spread fear or  spread a one sided untruth. Fracking is the next  hot ammo and weapon that will harm our citizens,while destroying fresh water supplies and weaken earthquake prone areas.those same  type of lobbyist banging the drum for us to choose death over life saving measures. Sell your life by your vote or live to choose and vote.

If all the guns in the United States were ban, that WOULD NOT keep the nuts in this country from getting one and start shooting at someone. Just look at the places were gun bans are in effect. Highest murder rates in the country. The Government is just using the School's horrible  attack, to further their plan to disarm every Citizen. We are in a world of hurt, folks and it needs to be stopped, NOW, While we can still call this a Democratic Republic, with a Constitution that has ruled our Country for over 200 years. And has ruled it well, until some so-called Democratic Senators decided to tear it apart. They need to be recalled and replaced with people who have, at least, a little common sense. One can have all kinds of Degrees, but without some commons sense, they are as useless as an air-conditioner in an igloo.

Wait till the boycotts of Colorado hit people in the wallet.

Aren't we about due for a mass murder somewhere?

Did the Democrats just soot them selves in the foot?!

Doess this really solve or accomplish anything?They just figured that out??? BYE DEMOCRATS!!!

"This year will go down in history. For the first time,a civilised nation has full gun registration!Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient,and the world will follow our lead into the future!"- Adolf Hitler 1935

Magpul welcome to WV! House voted 96 to 4 to oppose any of the Frankenstein gun control proposal.

Gun ownership is the most important freedom we have! When you have guns, you have everything as nothing else really matters.

I have always stayed in the middle and voted the issues but after what the Dem's are doing, passing everything they can think up screw them

The pendulum in this state has gone so far left, there will be hell to pay next time around. Time for real change.....

YES VOTE THEM OUT.

Unless you're a ILLEGAL or one of Obama's .. "Career Welfare Rats"EVERYONE is going to pay for the 51% STILL STUPIDon election day.

Democrats once again forcing their views on the backs of people who want nothing to do with them. Not surprised here.

What this story doesn't tell you is that the wording in the magazine ban is not limiting to 30 round mags.  Most Republicans here are for more background checks its the magazine ban that is driving everyone nuts.  Right now if a Democrat gets re-elected in this state in 2014 I will be surprised.  I don't think Obama's popularity will save them this time.Makes me miss #$%$ Lamm, he just wanted the old and infirm to off themselves.

Magpul come on to Tn. where idiots are still in the minority.

This is all #$%$ ppl to take away are freedom!

I used to LOVE Colorado, but not since a handful whiney-a$$e$ and liberal movie stars with money moved in, and turned this state into another "land of the fruits and the nuts" state.

Gun Owners have a message for Obama &amp; LIBERALS in 2014 -......................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...

All of you in Colorado need to vote every single one of those Dem/Libs out of office.

These kinds of policies lead to confiscation, just look at others countries that confiscated guns and the kinds of policies that put in place before confiscation.  The US is doing the exact same thing.

Ban the violent video games that have a psycho going room to room shooting people.

You can write a constitutional amendment that overturns another constitutional amendment.  It's been done before.

Doc Holiday was not from Colorado he was from Georgia cant people get any facts right in a storyThe new political world.  All Moderates are Liberals, All liberals are Socialist and all Republicans are GREAT   LOL

Notice the discussion on how many bullets in a magizine.  The Columbine shooter used High Point 9mm carbines with 10 shot mags.  Sandy hook shooter was another nut job.  Used several pistols in that shooting.   The gun is not the problem.  It's the people.   The NRA is right.  The only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is to have a good guy with a gun to stop him.

I think Magpul said it best "It is disappointing to us that money and a social agenda from outside the state have apparently penetrated the American West," I think this "social agenda" is the problem with our government in all things. Not just firearms

As usual, for democrats, when they show their true colors, they are repudiated. It is why obama never tells the truth, neither when he ran for the 1st or 2nd time, nor when he has been in office, its just a continuous pack of lies. That...is his, and his party's legacy.

Background checks, umm yea of course... Close loopholes that DO exist (anyone saying there isn't, is wrong). Any other ban, or infringement. GFY. (Go Eff Urselvz)

In related news, Gov Hickenpoopler announced that since being gay is normal and natural, he will be practicing being gay on weekend nights with his gun-banning friends in Boulder over the next year.

love the censorship that stops American facts from being posted ! i guess if i lived in the usa they wouldn't do this. O wait i do! live in the USA ! sad

IS a frontier state!? We are in the 21st century let's go with "was"

Jason starting now your 1st Amendment rights are severely limited. Everything you want to say must be pre-screened to ensure it won't harm anyone feelings. The amount of time you can talk will be limited randomly without logic or reason.That is how you view the 2nd Amendment.

I've lived in CO and witnessed the liberal exodus from CA to CO. It got so bad in CA they had to leave and come to CO. With them the brought their liberal ideas and over the last 10 years have worked their way into Denver political positions. They don't care how the rest of the state feels.If they pass these bills they are going to damage the CO tourist industry and economy forever. There is a huge group of gun owners silently waiting on the Governors decision. I can assure you if gun control passes ski trips, hunting trips, business trips and other vacations will be canceled. Businesses that were considering moving to CO will stop and many more will leave in time.Those ideas included expanding gun laws to allow teachers to carry concealed weapons, and a failed attempt to require armed security guards at businesses that ban concealed weapons.I like it. If I can't keep myself safe than it is in your hands to do so instead. Putting the burden back on you.

Hick, along with some CO state legislators, were strong-armed by nation forces we are all familiar with. National money and influence should NOT be interfering with STATE issues and elections. If the CO legislature really wanted to do something USEFUL, they'd take up the issue of OUT-OF-STATE money and influence determining the results of our IN-STATE elections and issues.

You would think that the abortion nuts who kill baby's would support the right to choose when owning a gun !

The govenor just raised the crime rate single handedly and put everyone in greater jeopardy.  This was about stepping on your rights, that is what Democraps / communists do.   But they wont be there to stop the criminals, they are on the criminals side.  They also want blood so they can then say - look they weren't enough we need more restrictions.  I wonder how many Democommunists will give up their guns or mags.

There should be a law that says no killing people, then we wouldn't have to have this discussion.

Hickenlooper is in an almost impossible position. How do you placate those who are trying to stop these insane killings, with those trying to protect their constitutional rights?

Can any of you demonstrate/prove that proposed gun proposals and laws infringe on the right to bear arms? Ye all exaggerate hysterically on these restrictions. You'll have over 2,000 gun types to choose from. Or are you fighting for the right of the mentally ill, minors, potential terrorists and traitors and the like to own any type of mass killing weapon.The banning of certain weapons does not infringe on the right to own many other guns that will be available.

"...by signing two limits into law, Republicans and gun-rights supporters gasped."Guess the gun-rights supporters should have been making a lot more phone calls to the Dems telling them not to vote for it.  Poor people of Colorado. But the way it's going we may all be scr3wed soon if we don't keep contacting our reps!!!!

Hick tries to come across as an individual thinker but he will cave to his liberal parties hysteria---make laws with no logical data to back it up. We have had numerous testimonies from our various Sheriff dept. stating that this will not make one bit of difference and it is not enforceable and Hick stated himself that no Gun control measure would have changed the Aura theater shootings outcome.....But watch ----he is a mindless lemming just like all of our Democrat State Legislators.

the political firestorm will be swift if Hick signs these bills! A petetion for recall is already started for Morse, Fields, and Ferrindino! Will Hick be next? He says he wants a 2nd term, the surest way to get out of politics is to implement un-popular gun laws! Remember Speaker of the house during the Clinton Adm., Tom Foley, he lost the speakers job, and his seat in the house, as did many other incombants! Clinton lost the house and the senate during the mid terms following his failed gun ban! A first since the civil war!! Beware Hick....you re on a slippery slope!!One term Governor.

show's you how ignorant people are as per comments by "Mimi" I"m sure a PETA member. your comment is disgusting! Nothing like Open Mouth insert both feet. People kill people not Guns. I or anyone could have killed just as many kids with two 9mm,45,40 etc.... as you can with the Ar-15 or Ak-47 It was a Tragedy yes. No more or less then what goes on everywhere else in the world.  You just another sheep being lead around by the nose by the media and liberals. We just  have twice as many know it all's as other country's who's hatred for guns is always the same answer take them away and no more violence??? real smart, because the violent offenders and thief's will abided by the laws right? So let's take the guns out of the people hands so the have sticks and stones to protect there family's? Because it really worked in England didn't Mimi? check your facts sister crime went up 40% violent crime! Maybe people like you should move to fantasy Island. All pacifists and cowards talk like you and have the same old ideas. You and Bloomberg aka Hitler should do well together tell everyone how to speak, eat, do. Tell you what I'll keep my guns you talk things out, when your being beaten, robbed or raped. Facts your a joke, facts are 95% of gun owners and people in general are Law abiding . But there are a few well.. not so much we just would count them right Mimi?  don't get them help or put them away just get rid of guns and everything will be peaceful.

This country was built with guns helping settle it and expand it.Colorado as well as other states were built with the help of guns and protected with the help of guns.We gained our independence with the help of the gun. People have owned guns since the guns inception. Guns have never been the problem and keeping them out of criminals hands cant be stopped by more gun control because it doesnt work . States that have had stricter controls criminals still find guns.Total gun control will be like what happened on the pot situation and will just create a black market that will give criminals more money.In all cases of the mass shooting they were mentally unstable people that should have been watched but mental health in this country isnt a prioity but gun controls are.

You do not cure crazy by taking way from the sane, the ability to defend themselves against it!  Take back your State Colorado.

When OJ killed Goldman and Nichole. We watched him drive down that freeway for 2 weeks. Not one pc of eveidence on Tucson, S andy or Aurora. But much effort to hide stuff from us and delete stuff off C N N

We lived n Colorado for 20 years, and witnessed the slow move to this extreme view of government.  It's heartbreaking because the true average Coloradan does not hold and embrace these values.  It's the large influx of folks from California that has been the downfall of Colorado.  While we have many friends and family in the state, I'm really thankful we no longer live there.  These types of knee-jerk reactions will be the downfall of the state unless drastic action to reverse these laws, the sooner the better.

With the thumbs up and the dumbs down the divison has started between the loyalist and the outragged

Heard in another state, Since people have to get a tag for their cars. The government is planning to take their cars away. next it will be taking fishing tackle, because people need a fishing license. Then, the whole country because of the Census. HOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Brain Dead LIBERALS ..  Still believe&lt; - - THIS PIG .. To the far left is gonna"Slow the Rise of the OCEANS"   &amp;  "Heal the PLANET"COO COO,   COO COO, COO COO!

Gun freaks treasure their paranoia -- kind of like Gollum and his "Precious" in the Lord of the Rings. Their self righteous posturing about the 2nd Amendment really boils down to "shall not be infringed". I'm not sure they really know anything else about the amendment. Gun freaks think there can be no regulation of the possession of guns. But they love Scalia's opinion in the Supreme Court's Heller decision. Strange how few of them know this part of that opinion. To quote: "LIKE MOST RIGHTS, THE SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHT IS NOT UNLIMITED. It is not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose: For example, concealed weapons prohibitions have been upheld under the Amendment or state analogues. The Court's opinion should not be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms." AND FURTHER: "Because Heller conceded at oral argument that the D. C. LICENSING LAW IS PERMISSIBLE if it is not enforced arbitrarily and capriciously, the Court assumes that a license will satisfy his prayer for relief and does not address the licensing requirement." The "right to bear arms" (possession of guns) can be regulated. Such regulation doesn't entail "infringement". I don't think that most of the rabid gun freaks will be able to read this whole paragraph. Or try to understand it. But that's gun freaks for you.I think the people in any state that has Gov. leaders that tries to make any changes to gun laws should get together in thousands, go out &amp; get those responsible &amp; have them hung...Maybe that would show our Gov. that WE THE PEOPLE SHALL NOT STAND for there political coruptness that violates our rights as American citizens.

Did I miss something or did these bills not consider mental health issues and persons ofquestionable personalities???

The peril is spelled REVOLUTION=Restore Every Vestige Of Liberty Until Tyranny Is Obliterated Nationwide. "Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up and shake off the existing government and form a new one that suits them better. ... Nor is this right confined to cases in which the whole people of an existing government may choose to recognize it. Any portion of such people that can, may revolutionize and make their own so much of the territory as they inhabit." Abraham Lincoln's 1848 speech to US House of Representatives regarding the war with Mexico and the secession of Texas.

Political peril?  Jail should be the penalty for those who by-pass the constitution.  All the while we sit, watch and do nothing as our liberties are plucked one at a time.

I will not be going to a FEMA camp.

Just look at that guys face - look at itSays it all

Bye bye Governor Sh*tenpooper. You just sealed your fate for the next re-election, no one will want to vote for you except the Obama zoombies that walk around in a daze.

Gov. John Hickenlooper is quoted in the article as saying that a “discussion” needed to be brought up on the topic of large capacity magazines and gun control measures.Ever notice how liberals always use the term “discussion” but then they never listen to what the to voters have to say?

New laws should be approved by the people, when government officials do it on their own they are abusing their power. “VIVA THE 2ND AMENDMENT”

I'm afraid this is going to go beyond VOTING THEM OUT look at the middle eastDenver metro area is NOT the state of Colorado!  Maybe it should form it's own state of Denver and be surounded by the REAL Colorado.

This issue shows what is wrong with our political system.  Instead of answering to their constituents that elected them they are answering to the RNC and DNC.  I don't believe that every democrat believes in this issue, yet every democratic legislater voted for it and every Rep vote against it.  We are wasting our money on paying all of them if they aren't going to support their constituency.

Political and socialist agenda is right.... making my list of places never to move to. Colorado, New Mexico, Oregon, Washington, of course all those north east states. I like my freedoms the right to defend myself is at the top along with food and shelter. Check out the NRA-ILA  website stay informed people!

What about taking away those antidepressant psycho drugs.

The liberal mindset is a disease that is spreading far and wide. Be careful that you don't become a victim.

Were is the legislation to put away the mentally ill?

Vote him out!

colo. lefties.  Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of colo legislature. Again I repeat myself. "Mark Twain"

Maybe at one time. Now with liberal abortion laws, same sex marriage soon to be legal, and gun ownership restrictions in place, Coloradans will soon be virtually indistinguishable from  the people of New England, California, or the Pacific Northwest. Time to move west to Utah or north to Wyoming for those remaining who have not completely lost their minds.

Maybe some day they'll stop talking about this and I'll finally be able to go to the store and they'll have some ammo on the shelf.Liberals love to ignore threats on a national scale and place America in a vulnerable position militarily...liberals also love criminals and give them the freedoms that are taken away from law abiding gun owners...

those laws would not have stopped the newton shootings because the KILLER DID NOT USE AN AR 15 AND he was stopped when he tried to buy a gun so he killed his mother and took hers! hoiw would the law help there also how did the guy in movie theatre afford all his weapons he was an un employed student???? the new laws would not have worked in either case the law DID WORK IN CONN.

Californiacation ,fornicate look it up

Laws do not stop deranged individuals from committing crimes, preventative action does.End Gun Free Zones, they are not working

Don't buy things from COLO. They ship vegetables, so if you can't tell where it comes from, then do without. Make sure anybody you deal with doesn't deal in COLO or with any anybody that does. If you know anybody there, ostracize them. Serves them right.

Hey Magpul, come on down to OKC, We've got the Thunder, a river-walk (even if its small) a robust economy and "they" aren't getting our guns unless they take them out of our cold dead hands.

isn't the underground safe house bunker,for the government located  in CO?..........interesting that  the liberals, are so intent on banning guns, &amp; ammo there. what is their particular obsession with knowing all gun transactions, even from father to son, &amp; extensive background checks to establish a registry?  a calculated strategy perhaps?  even they know this has nothing to do with stopping violence.   be alert, something maybe coming......the 2nd amendment is still the law...unite &amp; fight....blessings....

Typical double talking Democrat, you can't trust them.  It is like Obama on dealing with the deficit, got hs tax on the wealthy in January, now he wants taxes with no spending cuts.

not the reps r much better, but dang, those dems need to go!  Vote this guy out!

Why not put a referendum on the ballot and let the people decide?  Not the clowns.is this governor related to Joe Biden

So, if I'm in Colorado, and want to go on a rampage, I can only have a 15 round magazine ?  That means I have to reload twice to equal the capacity of a 30 round magazine... What if I just said forget it, and bought 120 round drum magazine from a dealer out of state ?

bye bye hickenlooper''''

Just goes to show you that the #$%$ liberals have infiltrated the great Colorado mts and ruined the state for good.  Pity because I was going back there to my home to retire.

It's amazing how the Libs main focus is going after the AR15 and AK47 clones, Guns that on a Good day are effective at 300 yards as both were designed to be, Once they ban those, We'll be left with 30 06's and .308's Both Calibers that are 700-1000 yards and beyond, Under 300 yards a 30 06 bullet will pass thru multiple targets....Libs are just Plain Stupid Morons.

He is a stupid donkeys behind.

In Colorado, the mental patient murderer used a shotgun and pistol.  He had a semi-auto rifle that immediately jammed and I don't think he shot more than one, if any of his victims with that.

It is prophesied in the Bible that after the Christians are taken out (when the Rapture suddenly happens).....that anarchy will take place everywhere on earth.We are CLOSE to that NOW !.............the way you radical gun activists are talking and acting !

Vote him out indeed!  And then let his position be the stamp that he wears the rest of his career.  If we expose these people for what they are (anti-American), we can fight these intrusions on our liberties.  Our Constitution is all we have to prevent the tyrants and their evil from erroding our way of life.  Don't EVER let your country down.  It's who we are!

Thank you Co. now we can get the communist democrats out of office!!!!  I hope the people can see that Dems are wolves in sheep clothes.WAKE UP AMERICA Once our guns are gone watch out. We will lose all our rights rather quickly and we will be under a dictatorship. Remember Germany, that was the first thing Hitler did so that he could control his people.

Out of the 16 GUN LAWS Obama has put forward .. "3" HAVE NOTHING to do with gun laws .. and will EXPOSE your Medical Records .. "OBAMA-CARE"

Gun nuts say that gun zones saves lives. Saw on the internet where over in Oklahoma City. A person was shot in the head at an indoor shooting range.

Time for a recall election concerning these enemies of our constitution.

recall these tax payer funded idiots

Hey Magpul,RELOCATE TO Mount Olive, NC!We already have a building that would be perfect for you!Love to have ya.

You can always reverse the laws with new leaders.

We vote...........

STUPID LIBERALS  .. still believe Hussein's claims DOCTORS are unnecessarily"Chopping Off LIMBS"  ..  for profit!

I am a police officer. I was an active duty in the Marines from May 2001 to May 2006, honorably discharged as a Sergeant. I was a weapons instructor in the military. I am a firearms instructor and less lethal instructor as a police officer. I have a BS degree in Criminal Justice and I am half way done with my Masters. The responsibility is in the hands of the operator; whether it is a car, gun or a hammer. Please read the following.Criminals are less likely to commit a crime knowing that people are armed and willing to defend themselves. Here is something to think about if people are truly worried about numbers of people being killed or injured. I served active duty in the United States Marine Corps from May 2001 to May 2006. I am also a full time police officer, and been in security/law enforcement for 15 years 5 of them in the Corps. I have been a part of more vehicle incidences involving serious bodily injury or death than I have been involved with gun incidences involving serious bodily injury or death. So you might be thinking that making cars illegal is absurd. I feel making semi-automatic rifles, shotguns and handguns illegal is absurd. I feel making cars illegal is absurd. The responsibility belongs to the OPERATOR. If you outlaw these types of guns then only outlaws will possess them. Some say there is no need for civilians to have them. I disagree, because I own an AR15 and I have hunted with it. You can hunt with an AR15 as long as you use a magazine that holds no more than 5 rounds. I have shot cans with it. I have shot watermelons with it. Shooting the AR15 is fun. I use it responsibly. I use my AR15 like another person may use a shotgun to shoot at clay targets. What we need to do is enforce the laws that we already have. What Judges, prosecuting attorneys and county attorneys need to do is prosecute to the full extent of the law and stop allowing charges to get pled down. Like the man who killed his grandma with a hammer; then shot at firemen coming to his home to put the fire out after he got out of jail. From what I understand he was initially charged with murder 1 for killing his own grandmother; then it was pled down to manslaughter. By having the charges pled down allowed him to get out of jail instead of staying in.The second Amendment of the Constitution has four parts to it separated by commas:1. A well regulated Militia2. Being necessary to the security of a free State3. The RIGHT of the PEOPLE to keep and bear ARMS4. Shall NOT be infringedAs a whole the second Amendment of the Constitution states “A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.”Mrs. Feinstein brought up the issue of owning a bazooka. The M136 84 MM Anti-Tank Cartridge (AT-4) is a device (not a firearm) that creates an explosion when it hits something much like a grenade does when it goes off. Both Grenades and the AT-4 type weapons are strictly controlled by the military and the ATF. These types of weapons are illegal to own by anyone and are illegal to possess; unless you are working as a Government agent that requires you to have such weapons for example the military, ATF, FBI and so on. There is not any reason why a civilian needs to own an AT-4 or grenades.Semi-automatic weapons are weapons that have a magazine (not a clip for the AR15) fire one bullet each time you pull the trigger. A fully automatic weapon shoots more than one round at a time when the trigger is pulled. At this time in Nebraska you can own a semi-automatic weapon without having a special permit. To own a fully automatic weapon you need a special permit which takes time and money to receive. A person who is responsible who is not a felon or has not been convicted of domestic violence, and has not been convicted of any crime of violence and can pass a background investigation should be able to own a gun. That is the way it is in most states.Isn't it ironic that the gun control movement was pioneered by Reagan and his buddies when he was governor of California!

Love reading rants by gun nuts. They say they must arm themselves and kill the traitors of the 2nd. Comments such as that, are why we NEED more gun laws

Get out of office or we will!!!... Get you out of office.

Tea Party:  Old angry bigotted paranoid white people funded by rich greedy people to further their cause...  Only uneducated dummies can't see it.

As a rule,I don't have a problem with a background check,however useless they can be at times.Some people get through the cracks.Trying to do a background check on a private sale,that's going to interesting and will further the encroachment into our homes by the government,which by the way,they have no place being there.I do have a problem with any limitations on the type of or limitations on firearms and their magazine capacity.In case any of our elected officials hadn't noticed,all those mass shooters picked places,that were basically defenless,uprotected,no guns allowed and they reaked havoc.I watched someone on a news talk show and they said,"I don't want a gun nor will I ever own one,I have a security system".Well.in my opinion,that just tells the cops where to go and pick up the bodies or have EMS attend to the rape victim,if their lucky enough to survive.All through history,any country who's population has either given up or had their rights to own weapons,have had the boot heel of their government upon their necks,they became subjects.Armed citizens,are citizens,unarmed people,are subjects of the government.They are supposed to be working for us,not ruling over us.We need to speak out and get this thing turned back into the wind,to use an old sailors term,get it going the right way.If we don;t,even the little goody two shoes out there who want to do away with our rights to own guns,well,you people will be in line right along with the rest of us and you're not going to like it any more than we will.

what a poor example of gun control....kindergarden cops in the state capitol and White?/ Black House in Washington....what is this World coming too???..scheeze!!!! (idiots)

This guy is on the band wagon like so many others, Looks like he will be looking for a new job in the near future. Vote this guy out of office.

Let's start with DURBIN in ILLINOIS!

More feelgood laws, we had to do something, just as long as we don't disturbe the civil rights of the criminals in the state. Make is easier for them to rape, and rob. Just start taking the means to defend yourself and family for the law abilding. Soon this state will be just like California, then like the liberal utopia Chicago. How could happen in America.

Speaking of Liars &amp; Taxpayer Looters like Obama, let's CongratulateTeddy "VODKA" Kennedy on his 43 straight mo's of "SOBRIETY"Congrats, .. "TEDDY""These measures are extreme".  Sure.  That's how far out there gun advocates have become.  Limiting the access to large capacity clips is know held to be an "extreme" point of view.  As the governor said, in what situation are things like that really necessary?  yet gun advocates are acting like he's confiscating every single weapon tomorrow.  Have some common sense.  Nobody needs a semi automatic, military style weapon for hunting or self defense.

Comcast Cable T.V. bill going UP? .. Perhaps it's because Comcast, which owns MSNBC, a political arm of the OBAMA Administration is giving FREE CABLE to Obama's"Career Welfare RATS". Comcast will admit this, BUT tell you they are paying for this, DESPITE ... their rates going UP!

Democrats always are repudiated when they tell the truth about their positions. obama has been lying to the American people about his positions, since he began running 6yrs ago. Then, when he has lied enough and been comforted by the media who refuse to report the facts, he tells his truth. Examples:  Gay marriage. Gays in the Military. Removing the Military from Iraq and Afghanistan. We're still in Iraq, and we're still in Afghanistan, people. CLOSING GUANTANAMO.  Cutting the debt.Why continue, most people don't care or don't listen anyway. obama is a liar just like the rest of the democrats. His only reason for election was the heavy unpopularity of Bush. When he finishes his two terms, another democrat won't be trusted in the WH for 20more years.You hear me Hillary?

Yeah but there aren't any 'Treasured' AR-15 Bushmaster Sex Toys handed down. Just Boy's who want so badly to Be a Man and too be respected stealing the weapons from their Dad. I guess the Playboy Magazines aren't enough anymore.

hey hickenlooper --- ur fuggin FIRED..................

LaPierre said this just three days after Sandyhook's slaughter of 20 six year olds..."It's the criminals with the guns that are the problem"!  Well now, yet he fights tooth and nail against background checks...If you don't give them a background check...how do ya know if you're selling to a criminal or not?

All humans are dangerous... just drive down the road!  : )

Governor Lickenpooper is headed towards the unemployment line

The right things were done concerning gun control, men of Colorado need to put their big boy pants on, and quite playing Buffalo Bill, and Doc Holiday, folk heroes are wonderful, but not when you have 6 year old kids being killed on a school campass

Hey Looper, when has any law you buttheads passed kept "guns out of the hands of dangerous people"? They only impact law abiding citizens!!!!!! If you ask me the "dangerous people" are you anti-constitutional gun grabbers.Some men are sooooo FN Stupid...ie Colorado DemWit Gov!

Don't even try to debate with paid the commentators of the NRA.

America doesn't look like a dangerous war zone to me.  But then again, I'm not a teabagger.

Liberals are all about if it feels good do it including all sorts of debauchery, gays abortions, liberal are mentally ill and they think they are sane!This is the Californication of Colorado, for those of you who don't know what fornication is look it up!

Fortunately, Doc Holiday never had a gun that could fire 152 rounds in under 5 minutes.  Adam Lanza did.

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)." - Gov. John HickenlooperI wonder if it was a Magpul magazine that helped ratchet up the movie theater body count.

Colorado, Illinois, and New York, will be the center pieces of the political crucifixions coming in 2014!!!!

The Democratic Party will not be voted out in 2014. This is what real Colorado voters wanted and demanded from their politicians. Yes. it was against the NRA and their members and supporters. But the NRA and their members do not legislate what real Colorado is demanding. Intimidation by the NRA means nothing to us here in Colorado. We won, they lost Period! End of story. The laws are here to stay and most of Colorado is happy.

Around children we call him the chickenlover.

Gunnut and proud. MOLON LABE!Trained martial artists have stopped more crime than gun nuts. I know this makes gun nuts ashamed, but it's true. Do the research, cowards.

If the Governor were a Republican, the GOPuppets would have no problem with it.  But...

Donating to this courageous governor

No laws on a state level will work. National gun registry will make those responsible for selling weapons to criminals. I have guns, and have no problem with this. Those who profit from these illegal sales are paying millions to avoid this from happening.

@Tex who writes: "Say good bye to the Democrats in Colorado next election."I  wouldnt  hold  my  breath on  that.   Actually  both  these  measures  enjoy  serious  majority   support   among  colorado  voters.   The  change in  background  check  has   over   EIGHTY  PERCENT   support in  Colorado.

If these laws pass I wonder how long before another massacre will occur in Colorado mocking the governors new guncontrol for the law abiding citizen, because lets face it criminals are not going to go without their machine gun pistols and ammunition! Theycan go to the neighborhoods where they have always bought these weapons and ammunition and still continue to BUY THEM if they have the cash to do, it with! GUN CONTROL HASN'T WORKED IN CHICAGO WHERE criminals carrying guns killed 450 innocent young people in 2012! Wonder how much Joe Biden promised the governor in cash and gratuities for pushing this bill through in Colorado. Probably that trillion dollars that he got in 2008 to create 1 million new jobs that NEVER HAPPENED!!!!!!!

Were not most of the deaths at Aurora caused by the shotgun?

The shooting in Aurora was like shooting fish in a barrel. There was going to be mass casualities with or without magazine limits. This is just another knee jerk reaction that doesn't accomplish anything but remove rights from leagal gun owners. Shame on you Hickenlooper!

Ha ha ha ha ha. Typical #$%$. Libtards just don't see the underlying issue with trying to revoke the 2nd Amendment. They have fallen for the government's lies that revoking the 2nd Amendment will somehow make life safer for the average citizen. For starters, that's a complete lie. Take the guns away from law abiding citizens and that will do NOTHING to reduce guns being in the hands of criminals (just ask Australia), and it will just make it much easier for the gov't to control/enslave the citizens of the United States (just ask pre-WWII Germans who lived under Hitler's dictatorship). But, libtards keep thinking that these ideas are just some kind of conspiracy theory by conservative citizens that harkens back to the days of the conspiracy theory surrounding Kennedy's assassination (which, if I remember correctly, it was liberals in that day that thought there was a conspiracy to kill their King Kennedy....conservatives never bought into that whole conspiracy theory #$%$, as we always want to see the evidence, not just some concocted/distorted thought process drummed up by a bunch of drunken libtards). No use arguing with the libtards though, as there isn't a one of them, NOT ONE, who has an I.Q. above their shoe size. They just have cliche catch phrases and over used rhetoric, which makes them always appear to be the #$%$ child in this country's family. In the end, I hope that all of the libtards actually practice what they preach and disarm themselves. It will make a civil war between conservatives and libtards as easy as taking candy from a baby, because conservatives will have firearms and libtards will have rhetoric, cardboard protest signs, broken promises, and large debt loads as weapons, and let's face it, those aren't any kind of match for a bullet. It will be so easy to take back our country against those kinds of intellectually deficient morons.

My fore fathers left British oppression because they were fed up with being told what they could have and own!!!   "The right to keep and bear arms shall NOT be infringed"  was important enough to be #2 on the list and put there because of people like we have in power now!!   And Colorado is getting ready to make history in the fact they will "Spit" on what our founding Constitutional writers executed by way  of Bill of Rights!!!   A "Right" can NOT be taken away by just a few men!!!!   Tommorow on Wed March 20, 2013 you will witness Treason in America in a blatant in your face form!!!A minority of gun owners are calling the "shots"...people die when that happens

Ever wonder what all the blocked cmts say?

Anti Gun democrats will Lose BigTime in 2014 less than 600 days til The GOP Super Majority

Democrats who support gun control will not have any seats left to occupy.....you will be voted out.

Most who hate background checks are convicted felons.

Slavery was in the constitution. It is amended all the time. People need to get over it. Jobs &amp; education are the most important issues.

Oh my what will the gun nuts do?

If you need more then 15 rounds to hit something then you should not own a gun.

I am originally from Canada and gun control works great

Time for a recall election...Change dot org to recall him

This 'Commucrat' Gun #$%$, along with an increasing 'Californification' of Denver, Boulder &amp; Aspen NOW DEMANDS that we BREAK COLORADO INTO 2 States via the Ballot Initiative Process, or by Legislative Action - as it's become INCREASINGLY OBVIOUS that LIBS through Soros-Controlled SCYTL have GIVEN Dems control of BOTH our State&amp; Federal Elected Positions &amp; we MUST establish New States where FOREIGN VOTE-COUNTING WILL NOT be ALLOWED !!! contact 720-940-1458

ALL Polls show over 90% of America want background checks...  Only the 10% who have something to hide don't...  And most of them post on Yahoo!

Watch as dumocrats ERODE our rights away what part of the bill of rights do they not understand?

Dr Dan here; There is clearly a lack of Oxygen at that altitude. ErrGo lower brain activity making bad judgement a side effect.

Democrats are D O U C H E bags, I will never ever ever vote for another democrat in my lifetime and I am pretty sure this is turning a lot of Democrats into Republicans or Independents. Way to go you personal agenda pushing pansies. Now lets get them out of office. They need punished for going against the will of the American majority.

we have Ronald Reagan to thank for this.

We better do something about the Communism that is invading this Country before its too late.

I doubt we will hear much about a Colorado tourist and visitors' boycott in the propaganda media.  Don't let that discourage you.  Just keep it up, and keep growing the concept.  If you're on the social media, disseminate it as far as you can.  Hit 'em in their tax base!

You had better stop the Democrats now, BEFORE THEY COME FOR YOUR 401-K accounts. That will be next. ARE YOU GOING TO WAIT UNTIL THEN TO FIGHT THEM?????? AFTER THEY HAVE ROBBED YOU OF ALL YOUR ASSETS????????The second amendment protects the first amendment. If the President performs an act of treason, it is up to the vice president to take control. If the vice president fails to take control then congress must act to remove them both. If congress fails then the Supreme Court must act. If the Supreme Court fails then we the people must act. This is the way it was designed to protect our freedoms. That is what the second amendment means by "a well regulated MILITIA" it is too bad that people don’t understand their own constitution. The government should serve the people. The people should not serve the government. It may not happen today. It may not happen ever. But what if it does? Are you prepared to protect your freedoms and liberty? What are you gonna do it with after they take our guns away? A rubber ducky?

The reason that there is no mention of the mental illness epidemic is that there are a lot of dems/libs in Colorado that currently are taking psych drugs.  Psychiatry is big business in Denver.

Obama In Air Farce ONE •... is waiting that his Gay club opens... POS Repub trailer park trash and welfare rat.

VOTE THEM OUT!!!

IT'S too late, .. We "ALL" are gonna pay for the 51% STILL STUPID crowd on Nov. 6th.

There is a picture of soon to be ex-governor Hickenpooper at the top of the page

Right on Magpul!!!!   Now that is what is needed...hit em in the pocketbook..they understand $...just too bad they do not understand to PUT the teeth BACK into EXISTING laws!!

Who would be against better background checks and why?

The gov will have to take my guns from my cold dead hands before I hand them over....

Think For Myself came to the conclusion that Colorado shouldn't do anything because people will go to another state and purchase bigger magazines.  That's the same logic that says don't write any laws because criminals will ignore them.But you have to start somewhere.  Gun rights people like to say do something about mentally ill people having access to guns but when someone proposes a universal background check they scream about having a national register.Please just admit it.  You're more interested in the right to do whatever you want, the hell with public safety including the lives of innocent schoolchildren, than you are in doing the right thing for the very society in which we all live.@All psycho right wingers, keep up the bad work! You have lost 5 of the last 6 popular vote presidential elections. I don't want you chumps to grow a brain LOL

I want to se some of the crime secene photos that shows the spent shell casing of the rifle used, if it was used there should be dozens of spend rounds every where I don't need to see bllod and gore just the shell casing to prove in fact such a rifle was even used

in every poll the vast majority of Americans support background checks

I really wish they would not put all off the democrats together in this there are a lot  that strongly support the second amendment and will vote out any democrat that votes for these laws ! Don a gun owner and a democrat !!!

Do gun nuts children when they lose a tooth get a quarter or a bullet?

TNX Gov. It's gonna keep the gun nut riff raff from coming to our state. lol

what the hell is wrong with having armed security at locations, it creates jobs and secures areas where concealed carry is not allowed, #$%$?

Let's just keep doing what we've been doing. It seems to be so successful. Hardly any killings, people feel safe at school in their homes. No reason to change.

The second amendment was intended to provide a new country with a militia.  Now that we have an army, navy, air force and marine corps, I think that particular amendment is sadly outdated.  Thomas Jefferson said that each generation should be able to write its own constitution.  We should not be bound to the words of men who have been dead for about two centuries.  They had no idea what life would be like for us now.

ATF...The acronym that describes the republican party perfectly...Alchohol, tobbacco and firearms...The three republican controlled things that kill more than 700,000 Americans every year!It's really tough sledding against the gun nuts.....at least a few legislators in Colorado have some balls...... let's get rid of these filthy weapons!!!

Only referendum can solve this problem. Politicians just care for their self-interest.

Live in ILLINOIS and you would have known this day was coming with guns under&lt; - - THIS PIG .. to the far left!

"Resisting TYRANNY is Obeying God"Thomas Jefferson

Doc Holiday didn't have a weapon capable of firing 152 rounds in under 5 minutes, fortunately.  Adam Lanza did.

Of some 66 "mass shootings" that were recently counted over the years, guess how many were stopped ay an "armed citizen"....ZERO!! Want llink, gun nuts? LOL

I was going to say that finally there is a sane red state...but by reading your posts...i was mistaken!

All of these gun nuts posting their extremist nonsense on this blog only serve to expose their insanity...  All polls show over 90% of Americans want background checks...  And since when does anyone but a murdering nutcase need more than a fifteen round magazine?

I think if a 15 round clip isn`t enough rounds and having background check worries you then your probably one of those people that NOBODY wants owning a gun.

Colorado, James Brady, Gabby Giffords, the Sandy Hook parents - all actual survivors of gun violence become pro-gun control.Hey gun nuts,where in the second ammendment does it say you can't bring your guns on airplanes? Hmmm, could it be that there WERE no airplanes back then? So you are admitting the document is outdated???

I support the bill that would have allowed teachers to carry guns who are properly licensed and even more the one requiring businesses to hire armed guards if they dont allow customers with permits to carry. I am a member of 1st Bank (the Colo. bank for you) they're an awesome bank, but I never bothered to look into their private rule on guns, I just bank with my free  checking, but you know that movie A Goden Pistol for Johnny Ringo? If they dont allow guns, then if the bill passed (which it didnt) might want to say A Job for Ringo. A security officer job that is.++

I'll bet they can have the most stringent laws against/acquiring guns and the criminals will still have an easier time getting them vs the law abiding citizens.

Help Recall Hickenlooper!Sign the petition at Change Dot Org and spread it EVERYWHERE!

All that Mexifornia liberal trash moved to Colorado and infiltrated that system trying to spread their word around!! Pity!!

I keep seeing people say they won't go to Co now. Your only hurting the people that work there who might be gun owners as well. The legislators don't care if you come or not, they will still get payed. they will still push there agenda, the people of Co need to vote them out that is the only way it will hurt them.

All this talk from back woods crackers about shooting at ATF and FBI, grow up. They are not going to stop making guns, 5 hundred million by the year 2025. This is the dumbest that I have ever seen Americans in my life. Thousands will die by accident, and suicide. You have it wrong. God be with us all.

The American Association for the Advancement of Science found out that the average Republican, NRA Guntrad and Fleabaggers are made up of really uneducated, racists, a human with low intelligence or brain damage, lazy simple-minded hillbillies, crack heads, mormons and low income Idiots... and even some prostitutes!!

Good for Colorado!! Screw the NRA!!

Why in the world Republicans and those against any and all control of guns by simply requiring background checks and limitations of Assault Rifles with high capacity magazines is beyond any common sense, which apparently the NRA does not have..Then of course, you've got those Republicans and a few die hard Democrats who think that any changes will take aways their 2nd ammendment rights are just plainly STUPID...There is NO Need for anyone to have or need an assualt automatic or even semi automatic weapon of military grade..Be real peopleFor all you Repuke gun Trolls out there: America is not a clown circus, huge trailer park, yunk yard, beer bar, gun range, titty bar, mad house or brothel. That's why Obama is our President!

It's all economics and marketing anymore.  Some dullard gets guns on the brain and has to go get one, then they jealously guard it like it's some 30 y.o. Playboy.  That's what all these 'shall issue' laws are really for.  Selling guns and reviving a dying industry.50 years from now we'll all look back and wonder what idiot ever equated gun ownership with 'freedom'.

and to expand required background checks to private and online gun salesYou can't buy guns online without a background check, it has to be shipped to an FFL who does the check then you can pick up your weapon after you have passed the check, not like ordering car parts online...I don't think there is much you can do about private sales, they are private...

We could just ban humans from reproducing and that would solve so many problems. Global warming, pollution, wars, rape, pillaging and  plundering.Just to name a few. Problem solved.

Oscar Pistorious = Cowardly gun nut

Someone just kicked in your door. What do you do?

All this new hoopla over guns is not about trying to stop a handful of psycho nut jobs!!  Its about these left wing socialists and their never-ending attempt to gut the 2nd amendment and disarm us all!!

Me thinks cary and mike are twiddling each other.

Seems like they could have compromised and banned high-capacity magazines and assault weapons in gun free zones.

I'll bet odummer and dumberg promised they would swallow.colorado the safe haven for child molesters

The be kind of gun control is "a very good trigger", propper breathing, steady rest, propper sighting.

Your freedom to have a deadly hobby vs my freedom to not get shot

Liberals have got to be shaking in their shoes knowing that they are finished at election time. Then shortly after ALL these stupid gun laws will be reversed.

colorado voters ask for this=they are electing these nuts

So if they don't get their way they will whine, pout and threaten like a 6 year old on the school playground.  This is not the wild, wild West anymore.  Just to jog your memories, many sheriffs in the old west banned guns from town to prevent bloodshed.  How sad and how telling on the present day society.  Comparing apples to oranges.

Take that you #$%$ gun nutters!! Ban em!

he wants the guns so all the weed user can light up with out killing each other

From: "Forty Whacks: The History of Violence in the United States" (Albion Smith, 1973)As statistics compiled since the French Indian Wars show, should the government confiscate all firearms possessed by its citizens, people will still find a way to kill people. Back in the day before automatic military grade weapons and high capacity magazines, people stocked up on knives and baseballs bats to commit their mass murders. Numerous events since our founding have marked the lives of Americans and even if greater events have eclipsed them:The Tuskeegee Massacre of 1889 when Robert "Bobcat" Warner marched into a township school and bashed in the heads of 20 students and one teacher before turning the bat on himself.The Milwaukee Jack Daniels Massacre of 1899 when a deranged Mckinleyite took a broken whiskey bottle and dispatched 13 cadets at a local military school before he was taken down with firehose. He might have killed more but the glass had cut his hand.Few can forget the Houston Bowie Knife Massacre of 1911 when a disaffected Texan cut the throats of 33 parishioners with a 16" Bowie knife, yelling "Remember the Alamo!" before he slipped in a pool of blood and fell on the knife.Hal "Wheezer" Whitebread at the age of 95 drove a Dodge Ram through a crowd of farmers market shoppers killing 129 before realizing he had his foot on the accelerator not the brake! He just wanted hit the fellow who refused to sell him some collard greens.And this is just the incidents involving men. The massacres perped by women stretching back to Anne Langaire (1688 Massacre of Springfield, MA - butter churn) are too numerous for this account.There is little that stands in the way of the mentally deranged man and his purpose - though statistically, sufferers of mental illness are 10 times more likely to be the victims of violent crimes than perpatrators.

We need to push push push gun control until it is a part of all of our life liberty and pursuit of happiness. Happiness is not something you get from a gun. Guns bring death. The opposite of life.The mob who threaten to boycott our state are not of the ilk we welcome. Go somewhere else.

People in the good state of CO need to now take a look at who voted and how, THE NEXT ELECTION HAS THEY MUST GO HOME!!!!! Please take this opportunity to CONTACT YOUR REPRESENTATIVE and/or SENATORS TODAY AND LET THEM KNOW HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT THIS SUBJECT!!!!!! CONTACT THEM DAILY !!!!!! Please be sure to let them know how thier decision will effect you choice in the the next election. Becuse yahoo wont let links be posted, please just search " Find congressman " in a search engine and click the links for senate and house. This can be done in just a few minutes. Please participate in this process and join the NRA to assist protecting us from a nanny state. Yes the NRA is a lobby organization, BUT PLEASE REMEMBER THAT THIS LOBBY IS MADE UP OF THE THE CONGRESS'S CONSTITUENTS. If they are listening to the Constituents they have nothing to worry about, poor mental health and mass violence in media (first person shooters video games)is the issue, not more gun laws that serve to make a universal gun registration in america in then progressing to complete removal of guns from law abiding americans.

Right wingers, a woman's body does NOT shut it down during a rape

thank god for people with guts to do the right thing. bout time. antbody knows the best home protection is a shotgun. idea is to kill them in your home or yard not the people sleeping a couple homes down. the whole idea is to protect yourself not kill everyone living around you for half a mile

Martha (below) states that Buffalo Bill killed no one. Not true. He was an Indian killer. His first kill is documented. He was also a soldier in the Civil War. He was known for his marksmanship and I doubt it was for target practice.

No more blocked comments!!!!

Ah, at last that 70's bumper sticker 'DON'T CALIFORNICATE COLORADO' has finally come to pass.  Just a thought, there are just over 4.5 M members if the NRA, that is about 1.5% of the population.  Since when does 1.5% of our population get to control to such an extent our freedoms or rights?

Memo to chump coward gun nuts...It's poor liberals, whites, blacks and hispanics who have to go to war and defend your right to be dumb. How many of you #$%$ have seen actual combat?? I rest my case...

To:KRISTEN WYATT and IVAN MORENOThanks for a decent article that does not try to vilify firearms like so many recent articles have.  Seems like you have been neutral as you should be in reporting ... good job!

Everyone on both sides of this argument have so much to say except....what do we do?Regardless of the gun, magazine, back ground check....what do we do as a society to address these massacres...kids dying, funerals happening, all of it?Everyone is so quick to say "Don't take my guns!" and the other side "We need to limit magazines" and this and that.I am all for gun ownership but there is no real justifiable reason for a person to own a 100 round clip for their ar 15.  On the other hand, getting guns is an easy task.So then what do we do?  Gun rights people scream about what is supposedly being "taken" from them and offer very few ideas as to the solutions to stop this #$%$ from happening.  And for people who want to eliminate mags and this and that need to find a better way to talk to gun owners and respect their views on what can be done.That being said...politicians on either side of the fence do not champion either cause for the average american citizen...all they care about is getting votes.  Plain and simple.And while I am for gun rights and ownership...I cannot for the life of me believe that if someone walked into a school house back in 1776 and murdered 30 kids that our fore fathers wouldn't have in some way tried to find a solution and even if that meant giving up some rights for the betterment of the whole.does the 2nd amendment make owning bullets legal as well., hmmm, don't see it.

@All gun nuts, your arguments are weak. I'd almost respect you more if you just said "i like guns and no one is going to take it away". That actually sounds more intelligent and honest than your lame arguments. None of them hold up when studied. Look in the mirror at your ugly faces with missing teeth, Jethro, (lol) and just be honest with yourselves.

Grew up in the Glenwood Spgs area. Wife and I were going back this year for a vacation. Won't go now I do NOT even shop online with companies in Liberal states, like CA, Ill and now CO. They can rot as they all become Detroit. The best slave is the one with the invisible chains!

Didn't Doc Holliday use a side by side, which is still legal under this shotgun ban?

Amazing they won't allow teachers to protect our kids, but they themselves have armed security.  Time to get rid of there security now that we have laws to protect them.

Collin Weed  is the Next Adam Lanza, Jarod Laughner

Biden/Bloomberg 2016

Say so long, gun grabbers.

Question to liberals. 3 bad looking men break into your house with duct tape and 10 boxes of condoms and it's you and your wife and 2 teenage daughters. They cut your phone line and have a cell phone scrambler. What do you do?

There is not constitutional authority that even hints at you can have a AR-15 or any weapon capable of firing bullets from a 30 - 250 roungd clip.  Your rights under the constitution stop at gun ownership.  Not ammo, not  what these idiots call assult weapons and not rapid fire guns.  When you make the argument beyond the constitution you are as ignorant as the other side.It is very simple, start impeachment proceedings immediately, and if that doesn't get their attention or is unsuccessful, come time for re-election, vote for the other person. These politicians must be made to understand that they work for "we the people," and must listen to their constituents.

BACKGROUND CHECKS ....We hear:  Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people."I have not read anywhere that there is a proposal on how to identify a person who is about to become deadly crazy!  Without some standard for doing such an identification ... how can we think that background checks will reduce mass murders???It is already against the law for criminals to own guns!  Regular checks already check on that.  Go ahead and expand those checks to cover more situations ... you don't have to have gun registration to do that.

Liberals will loose at midterms and ALL these stupid gun control laws will be reversed.

Why are all the comments blocked?

I am also a democrat but this is a single issue for me and will be voting republican coming next election.

You intend to start a civil war, as a pretext for martial law ?Bring it on !  Let's show the world and your internationalist masters how things work in Amerika !

THANKFULLY THIS IS HAPPENING!We fought against England to not have, religious freedom, rights to guns, abortion, to chose what cultures we like (must tolerate), not purchase meds without prescription and if prescribed forced to buy from most expensive American pharmacies, sodomize our spouse (oral is sodomy in south. people are in jail as we speak going down on spouse). We also shouldn't have right to chose who we marry if we are gay (gay marriage). What we do in USA is not our business.PROTECT US FROM OURSELVES!We must pay at gunpoint a FREE government to show us all the rights we have of things we are restricted to do! I am going to march to White House and protest and demand they take away all our rights to everything; abortion, guns, religious practices, gay and straight marriages, sex (sodomy, oral/anal), and sale of raw milk, meds without prescription. My hope is one day everything is illegal and we are all 40hr wk slaves and welfare recipients.I am proud to be American! If not I would be gay married, 3 abortions, carry gun, buy antibiotics and life saving medications 'over the counter' 1/10 cost, follow religious practices, have oral/anal with spouse. I am glad to go work 40 hrs, pay tax, watch cable in my mobile home trailer and be not allowed anything else. FREEDOM TO NOT DO STUFF+SLAVERY+WELFARE = AMERICAN DREAM!

"Gun"-- "Violence" Why not control "violence". Everyone would vote for a politician that supported "anti violence".

Ronald Reagan =  limp wristed pu55y liberal for wanting sensible gun control????

Guns were great pot pipes in the Vietnam War."limiting most ammunition magazines to 15 rounds and to expand required background checks to private and online gun sales." is not a violation of your second amendment rights and anyone that believes that a background check of private and online sales is not a good idea is probably a criminal who doesn't want his or her background checked. If you've got nothing to hide and you have no plans to unleash a barrage of bullets on innocent strangers these two laws do not affect you at all. How many children have to die before you people say enough is enough? How many? 30, 40 50, 100, 1000? How many? How much child's blood does it take to satiate a republican?

OBEY!

i cant wait for gun lobbyist wayne lapierre starts fighting to allow ak47s on planes.

Owning any magazines needs to be illegal, or the bill becomes worthless regarding assault weapons.

Funny, it was a right winger, Dubya, who took guns away during Hurricaine Katrina. Don't believe me, google it, even though i know right wingers have trouble reading.

Why does all of this remind me of a 1960s political cartoon depicting the last surviving man on Earth waving his victory flag in the midst of total global destruction and yelling, "We won!  We won!"Do the people advocating against common sense restrictions (on large magazines, etc.) ever stop to think that events like those at Aurora and Newtown are their hollow victory?

"Surely, Second Amendment advocates and gun control supporters can find common ground in support of this proposition: Let's examine our laws and make the changes needed to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people," Hickenlooper said.  Put another way, surely we all can agree on common sense 'restrictions' to the 2nd Amendment that every law abiding person, interested in safety, can agree on!  And, all the 'criminals,' in unison, shout AMEN!That statement by Mr. Hickenlooper, boys and girls, is 'code speak' to "infringe" on the 2nd Amendment!  Hickenlooper needs a review of what constitutes "dangerous people."  Dangerous people, as in criminals and other deviants disregard laws that 'only' confine the law abiding person.This quote is old, but never more relevant: "They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety."  Benjamin Franklin - 1775Coloradans have been snoozing at the wheel - and, hopefully, have received a 'wake-up call' not too late!  They should demand their elected officials get their collective priorities straight - "constitutional" priorities that have nothing to do with 'rights' to marry or smoke pot!

The leader of the Democrat-controlled Senate on Tuesday dropped a proposed assault weapons ban from the chamber’s gun-control package – dealing a blow to supporters of the ban(BINGO).... the LEFT..has Lost..another one..

Long overdo,finally getting these gun wacks under control of the "LAW"...Register every gun,tax every gun,increase tax on every round of ammo,increase tax on every firearm purchase ten fold. Confiscate every firearm for any drug alcohol or violent act perpetrated.The LAW will be OBEYED!

I will not ever go vacation there again either...I understand the description of the laws the governor intends to sign was extremely limited due to space considerations but I read nothing in them that was extreme as later described by a Republican state senator.

Gun nuts at airports = sheep...how come you don't complain about your "gun rights" at airports? LOL

sheep, the wolf is circling you! BEWARE!

Guns dont kill people, bullets dont kill people...#$%$ off, uncaring, neglegent, people kill people...I have never seen a gun jump up off a table and kill someone it did not like...never even heard of it....if they decide to bann firearms across the nation....if....I will not surrender mine until they can garauntee to me that no one else will ever be murdered or raped/molested ever again...or they put a cop in my pocket just in case...and then pay me 1.7million dollars for each of my firearms...That is what my firearms are worth to me.......Seriously though...it doesnt matter about the size of the magazine...someone goes off the deep end and goes ballistic...it does not even matter about the weapon used....a firearm, a knife, a baseball bat, chemicals people end up dead becasue of the person being a bit unstable to begin with....but not every person with a mental issue is a danger to them selves or anyone else...

sounds like he remembers the oath of office he took. i would hope he would have the ones that violate there oath of office in handcuffs because it is a felony, look it up.

Roll over and take it!!

Y are comments blocked???

Can someone tell me why there is problem with Colorado Republicans and expanded background checks?

So, if you gun nuts truly believe in the second ammenement, why can't you use  improvised explosive devices and RPG's to defend yourself? Frankly, i'd rather hear you say "we should be able to" because any other answer means you admit there are limitations to the second ammendment.

Make a statement with your votes during the next election Colorado. Your state is going down the tube quickly at the hand s of these liberal thinkers you put into office. Get out and vote conservative before its too late to reverse the damage.the wild west is gone.....the civil war is over.....its now the 21st century hillbillies

When you pass gun laws, LAW BIDING gun nuts will give you death threats.

NRA = Parannoid psychos

I wonder what big government job hick was promised for this assault on the citzens of this state? Tar and feather his #$%$ then hang the whole lot of 'em!

Clearly Colorado has been hijacked by Californians. It wasn't enough that they decimated California, now they move in to a state, then destroy everything that is pure and holy. I hope if North Korea has any place in the US targeted by nukes, that it's Southern Ca., NY, and DC. The entire country would be much better off without these demon-crat strongholds. North Korea should strongly consider Chicago as well.

Must be a obamaton lib or a order from the government nazi HQ in Washington dc

"Gun control bills still pending in the state Legislature include a ban on gun ownership by people accused of domestic-violence crimes and a measure to eliminate online-only safety training for people seeking concealed-weapons permits."What bothers me about this is that it says that people who have been "accused" of domestic voilence, not "convicted." So suddenly this opens the door for anyone who wants to make life misserable for a law abiding citizen. I don't like you so I'm going to go accuse you of domestic violence and you won't be able to own a firearm now.

&lt; - - Made a pit stop in Iran &amp; Egypt to unload all our Military Weapons blueprints!

erik your the moron....the constitution reads " the right of the people to keep and bear armsSHALL NOT be infringed upon." that meas there is no "common ground" or negotiation!what that means is charge the felons not the citizens.  You do a crime with a firearm, do the time...charge state law enforcement and state lawyers &amp; judges with upholding the law...notburdening the citizens with BS for your power trips

The fastest and best way to stop this is VOTE Libertarian    one Libertarian in Congress will change the course of history.  That will be what is called a “Turn on a Dime with 9 cents change.”Recall Hickenlooper!Sign the Petition at CHANGE DOT ORG! Spread this everywhere. Why loose his job next year when we can start the process now!

why is it when government asks for something so little, NRA and gun advocates go nuts and use nothing but 2nd amendments rights as the answer. there is room for compromise, there is room to say lets lower gun magazines limits or keep them out of the hands of dangerous people convicted of crimes.Yes i'm a gun owner, i enjoy hunting deer and pheasant (cant not like it living in South Dakota), and no i'm not a member of the NRA. no longer believe in what they stand for (specially after involing the President's daughters in a shameful way). there has to be give and take on both sides. if not then everything will get worse,

Online purchase of bullets -- without interference by the government -- is our right as gun maniacs.  No background check or licensed dealer needed!  If the politicians even mention online sales of bullets they should be voted out of office.  It is our right as gun wackos.

this will all state by state accordingly.....really how many of you poeple would turn your guns in if they asked you to,,,NONE...also i agree with the big clips..no needd fo rthem .. you cant hunt with them....so in reality yuo dont need 30 and 50 round clips.....i am all for guns and own a #$%$ load myself... my baby is my AR15....it will stay with me and be mine for a long time.. as for the clips you can still by them on the black market.. my bro just picked up 3 30 round clips.. you can find them .....this is all hype .. no one is giong to to tell you what you can own and cant...2 nd ammendment

Dems like Governor Lickenpooper have aroused a sleeping dog. Watch the heads roll next election. Thanks for changing the game Lickenpooper, Cuomo, Finkelstein and Obrownie.

Because having so many guns has prevented those mass shootings out there.

Gun nuts can only give "thumbs down" to me. I have common sense that they lack, so they rarely respond. Here is my question, once again...How come you chumps do NOT complain about not being able to bring your guns on airplanes???

and yet nothing about the criminally dangerous insane, law abiding gun owners have to feel the reprications because of evil, dangerous people with mental disorders that are only on the street because the government refuses to pass legislation getting these schizophrenics and sociopaths in hospitals where they belong. Keep it up government people are getting more and more sick of your invasive policies, one day we may just push back and say ENOUGH!!!!!

How does a background check infringe on the 2nd amendment?  If you have nothing to worry about, why are you, pardon the pun, up in arms about it?  This argument makes no sense, its about trying to do something that will limit murder, but not take our rights away.  So many are scared for so much, but if you ever live somewhere where there is a lot of gun violence, you might understand why there are so many people in favor of something to help stymy the tide

I hope none of you gun junkies ever hit powerball.__Yours truly, A man who hates gun junkiesIt's very disturbing the way the Democrats, party members and law makers, are allowed to slowly dissolve our constitutional rights. The advance of their agenda is the worst thing that has ever happened to this country. God help our children.

Question, what do handgun have to do with hunting?I never even owned a pistol until I was 25 but I was hunting since 12.

So Gov. Hickenlooper has already decided the facts in the Aurora shooting? Was there a trial and I missed it? Has the suspect been found guilty? Or are people in Colorado just guilty until proven innocent? Hickenlooper needs relieved of his duties, he is openly, not affording a suspect in a capital murder case, his due process!!!

He cam kiss that job good bye when election time come around.

#$%$ did the same ting before they took all the guns.

For all the gun rights advocates out there, I have to ask....lets say your neighbor is a convicted rapist of little girls and you have a daughter.  Should he be able to purchase a gun at a gun show w/o a bg check? How comfortable would you feel then, eh?

Gun ownership by non-military and non-law enforcement personnel is a national tragedy created by the insanity and ignorance of the Founding Fathers.The federal government has the legal obligation to protect America from the NRA and its followers.

Obama &amp; Liberals say .. "Tomato" .. We the People say -......................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...

what are his odds of surviving his term??

The man has guts which is a lot more than we can say for men who need a weapon in order to establish their manhood. I appreciate someone who does what is right regardless of how the chips fall. Just like the founders a man of principle - if left up to conservatives we would still be English subjects.And just like Doc Holiday's boys we will build more prisons to hold those who refuse to follow the "law"

John Sickenpooper..

The Governor blamed the large capacity magazine of an AR15 "Assault" Rifle for the carnage in the theater in Aurora, CO. The reports were that all the bullets fired there were from handguns (2); also reported, the AR15 was left in the car. Is Gov Dickenlikk__  or whatever his name is, so ignorant or are we not getting the truth from authorities, media, etc. ????????

The Republiklans are all nuts !!!!

The legalized weed for goodness sakes, do you think conservative gun ownser did that? of course not. The minority cannot bully the majority. The majority supoport gun rights, but with limits and thats ALL he is doing. NO ONE needs mnore than 15-round magazines and back ground checks need to be racheted up to limit undesirables from getting guns too easily. Sorry GOP &amp; NRA you are not going to get your way.

Iam a military Vet with several tours of combat and retired police officer,,,,My question is what is wrong with back ground checks? and why do you need more than 15 rounds in your mag...only issued 20 round mags for my M4 and it did the job just fine....ask all the dead "Freedom Fighters" oh yeah,, there yeah,,,their dead

you guy really think the domos will be voted out think again---78million eat free---that is 78 million votes right there-and buy the elections 100 million will eat free-- that is a sure win for the doms---

vote vote vote

Holiday was from Valdosta Ga. He did kill 2 men and shot another 8 that lived. In reading about him thats all that can be some what confirmed by newspaper and court records

Why does NO ONE ask them, just WHAT EXACTLY will this legislation do to protect ANYONE RIGHT NOW. The answer is NOTHING. There is nothing wrong with requiring a person to take a firearms course just like getting a drivers license if they have not had military training, I personally don't want a person ignorant of the use of a gun accidentally shooting me. If this information is placed on the information strip of a drivers license it would prevent criminals from buying ammo, because they would check your status when you attempt to purchase with a simple swipe of the card.Without guns, and freedom to own them, who is going to protect all you antigun people when the criminals are armed, You think your going to remove guns from all the law abiding citizens and everyone is going to skip through the streets holding hands like a bunch of spineless ferrys.

Explain exactly how this infringes on the 2nd amendment.  Does the 2nd amendment make any provisions for high capacity mags?  Or, does the 2nd amendment simply say that every person has the right to own a gun?

vote this nazi out! He broke his oath of office to uphold the 2nd adm...better yet impeach him.

slippery slope boys......... background checks!!!!!! at what point does someone detemine I'm crazy and can't own a gun.?? the govenment&gt;? some agenda driven "doctor"?  let the crazys have gunsI'll take my chances on being able to defend myself..

It is against the law to kill people!  Somehow, the politicians seem to reason that, even though that law is ignored by mass murders, these new laws will be followed???  Why?

Yea I have paranoid personality disorder and I vote!!

I guess the people in Colorado will now face a new tax of some kind to make up for the revenue that will be lost from magpul, hunters,campers the like.

LIBOR SCANDAL

to think the downfall of our freedom will be decided by a majority of metrosexuals

Why is it that the anti gun people always have a blame on the guns, but never the wack job murderers. it like banning the car who killed someone, but not mentioning the drunk behind the wheel.To all you people who are boycotting Colorado businesses:  Grow up and stop your tantrums.  You act as if everyone in the state supports gun control.  Why punish a hunting guide because of this?  If they have to close their business because of a boycott, how will that help?  Maybe you should instead ask if the business you are supporting supports  your concerns.

That is a REALLY bad toupe.

To the NRA: "Ha-ha!" :P  :)

What you're witnessing here, folks, is the typical zero IQ Repuker and Gunturd. Can't say I blame them, though. Besides welfare, it's all they got

Gung-ho macho man can not let other know they have gun ? Why  ? chicken mind . Do Gods said they (the GODs) need gun to defense themselves ? THe churches need gun to protect them against the... devils. Heaven has gun free. The Good guy vs Bad guy (by gun) is the kid logic. NRA uses this logic to sell gun. That is it.

if you watch a politicians career and you usually do if you like them and how they conduct business, it's a sad day when you realize they just sold out on  their constituants, this is what appears to have happened with hickenlooper,  it's like they turn a corner and change into a career polotician, so watch out colorado your state and it's businesses have just been compromised, sad day indeed...

its 10 rounds and 100% background checks on everyone     get with the new reality

Haven't seen the tea tards this sure of anything since their man Romney got his but kicked

27 words in the 2nd amendment: "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." is followed by Thousands more in definitions and court rulings.How many have read ALL? Here is a small sampling:Let's start with Milita: "The federal government can use the militia for the following purposes as stated in Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the union, suppress insurrections and repel invasions; A militia is always subject to federal, state, or local government control. A "private" militia or army not under government control could be considered illegal and in rebellion, and as a result subject to harsh punishment."Then there is the case of District of Columbia v. Heller and McDonald v. Chicago: "In 2008 and 2010, the Supreme Court issued two landmark decisions officially establishing this interpretation. In District of Columbia v. Heller, 554 U.S. 570 (2008), the Court ruled that the Second Amendment protects an individual's right to possess a firearm, unconnected to service in a militia and to use that arm for traditionally lawful purposes, such as self-defense within the home. In dicta, the Court listed many longstanding prohibitions and restrictions on firearms possession as being consistent with the Second Amendment. In McDonald v. Chicago, 561 U.S. 3025 (2010), the Court ruled that the Second Amendment limits state and local governments to the same extent that it limits the federal government."It was only in 2008, in the decision in District of Columbia v. Heller, that the Supreme Court ruled that the right was a personal right, conferred by the amendment to help assure a right of self-defense.But the Heller decision was far from a declaration that there can be no exceptions to that personal right to have a gun. Indeed, the majority opinion in that case said explicitly: “Like most rights, the right secured by the Second Amendment is not unlimited.”The opinion went on to cite a “historical tradition of prohibiting the carrying of dangerous and unusual weapons,” and it added that nothing in this decision cast doubt on that, or on the power of legislatures to adopt “reasonable” restrictions on the Second Amendment right.

Don't you remember how patriotic it was to give away your Constitutional rights to freedom of speech, freedom to assemble and freedom from unwarranted search and seizure back in 2001? How the only people who didn't agree with that were the ones with something to hide? What's different now?Hey, Hey, My, My Hickenlooper has got to........get voted out in a democratic process.

Right wingers are "pro life", that is, until their pretty white cheerleader daughter gets knocked up by  the big black linebacker on the football team LOL

Breaking news:  colorado fell today to the commie today 3=19=2013,,,sorry that the sheep surrendered there god giving right to protect themselfs and there familys,,,,

Will cowboys and indians eventually become republicans versus democrats?

Obama &amp; Liberals say .. "Tomato" ..  We the People say -......................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...

the gun grabers wont stop there fake school shooting--til you people wake up and start thinking outside there little box they made for you--------you either wake up or you lose all gun rights-----plain and simple............

"Outsized Role"? Another liberal Yahoo statement.

Magpul, come to Florida, colt is coming here and we would love to have you, both as a job creating company and as a firearms manufacturer, our laws are friendly to both.

There is another deep pocket , so called public duty official , screwing the very people that pay him , what a country ??????????????

the feds will not pass anything but the p    u    s   s   y   s at state level will look how fast it happend colo. cal is already  f    u    c    k   e   d  feds just dont what to look like the bad guys but they are paving the way for statesI've always wanted to say this, "the only reason I carry a gun anyway is because I can"t carry a howitzer in my shoulder holster."

publish all the representatives home addresses that vote for gun control.  Just like they did of the citizens that own guns.  Then they would know what its like to be singled out publicly.

Redcoats are comming, heads down, eyes up, MAKE READY,Yet anoth to add to the growing list of tyrants eho will go out in a fine red mist when it all kicks off.

They now want the wild,wild west nationwide. Machine guns for everyone, kids and all.

Sig Heil!!!

the way our gov is going if a  person would kill alot of people with his or her car than we would band that car we have enough gun laws now just in force them

This is the downfall of America

Kick COLO out of the union.

"ban on gun ownership by people ACCUSED of domestic-violence crimes"So when this is signed the dems say "I accuse Everybody in Colorado of domestic violence. Turn them all in"

I believe my hunting days our over in this state...i spend a few thousand dollars in couple of weeks there. What is next hunting rifles...(all of them)......guess idaho, montana or wyoming will get my money...The gun grabbers that are trying to rerite the Constitution arn't geting my vote, and I'l spel any way I wont!  This is my cuntry!

The guy that shot up the theater bought 6000 bullets, a drum magazine, a bullet-proof vest and all the rest of his defense gear online.  No background checks needed!  No dealers, licensed or otherwise, getting in his way!  What a great country this is.

The gun they took out of the car in Newtown wasn't an AR. I know I own one. The police emptied the gun from the side, AR's are emptied from the back.

There go Hick's chances for the presidency.

Finally making some headway against the TYRANNY of gun owners.

Politicians believe we're ALL stupid, that they can trot out the lies about "keeping guns out of the wrong hands" and it'll be believed.  Well, many  Americans ARE stupid, or in some gun -event induced irrationality, or - they are the ones who want other people to be controlled.  Like crabs in a pot of water, e.g.  Bad people will always find ways to get weapons, while good people, obeying laws disarming them, are put further and further at risk.  Every politician knows that a fair and just government need not fear an armed populace.  Many of our elected 'leaders,' however, are among those numbered by Robert A. Heinlein as wanting to control people, so high on their agenda is taking the peoples' weapons.  If the people can be seduced into voluntarily giving them up, so much the better.  But they are determined to have them at any cost, "the security of the people be damned!"

All anti-Coloradoans stand up and show them what a real American is like!

“Gun control never changes the heart of the problem, and they keep blaming the gun!”We have a cultural and moral problem in America! We took God out of the schools,by removing the bible, Ten Commandments and prayer.And by doing that they have ended up with sex, drugs, gangs, guns, and violencein their life. “Sadly our cultural is changing”

I am a 100% supporter of the 2nd ammendment.  However, I am starting to lean towards some type of stricter background checks, background checks on private gun sales mental health checks ecttt.  I also believed that MUCH STRICTER enforcement for crimes involving the use of firearms is needed.  Minimum mandatory times must be enacted and enforced, not used as plea bargin material.

History shows dictators take over by: controling the money (they do) control health care (they do) control the food supply (they are working on it) and disarm the people.  Why are we just laying down and letting this happen?I'm moving to Venezuela. Colorado is full of radioactive waste anyway. Google "Rocky Flats plutonium fire" and you'll see what i mean.

Legalize the guns and let the Americans live in the Wild West forever as bandits.

The citizens of co want  these laws or else they would stop it by shutting  down there govt. By a court order. Call for a public election ,

***Firearms play an outsized role in the hearts of Coloradans. It's a frontier state that adopted gunslingers Buffalo Bill and Doc Holliday as native sons, where treasured guns are routinely passed from generation to generation#$%$aka "out of touch cowboys who want the return of the old west"the first paragraph is all I needed to see the writer of this article is a biased liberal clown.

"When you look at what happened in Aurora, a great deal of that damage was from the large magazine on the AR-15 (rifle)"More lies with no basis of fact just to spread fear. Actually, it's been reported that the the shooter's AR-15 malfunctioned only firing less then 30 shots.  Majority AND the most deadly mass shootings in America have been committed by handguns, not semi-auto rifles.

Are there any other LAWS this sheriff doesn"t care for????

years ago sawed off shotguns became illegal. I believe because they could spray a wider area and also be carried more easilyunder a coat. So if that is true, is it that much different to limit the capacity of magazine clips?

“False is the idea of utility that sacrifices a thousand real advantages for one imaginary or trifling inconvenience; that would take fire from men because it burns, and water because one may drown in it; that it has no remedy for evils, except destruction. The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are of such a nature. Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man.”― Cesare Beccaria

Look on the bright side all these sheepl can go to the new jail . much cheaper to maintain . empty room with "EXUT" over the door and PUSHE on the door that swings inward . no lock or guard required!

Time for a RECALL!I'm a Republican, with many guns, short and stout.Since my party can't win an election, or war, I'm going to have to pout.I sleep all day and troll all night.Most people call me a loser, but my sister/wife thinks i'm alright.Someday I'll find a job; of this I have no doubt.But since I'm a Repuker, I'll just first wait 'til the welfare runs out

If you voters in Colorado surport the socialist gun restriction, then I say your nothing but a bunch of in-slaved cowards that are afraid to defend yourself but look to Goverment to sooth your fears. Pitifull little cowards. A bunch of wimps!.

I'm positive when they wrote the 2nd Amendment it was with a closed circle of politicians, not widely published to the rest of the Nation like media is now or they would have had many people opposed to the idea of arming the citizens just like they do now.

911 was carried out with razor blades and knives. Timothy McVeigh used fertilizer. Ban knives, razor blades and fertilizer first !!!!!

"" gunslingers Buffalo Bill ""LOL-Buffalo Bill was a Bufflo Hunter who supplied Kansas RR Workers with meat. Then when he retired from that he put on Wild West shows in Europe.

THE DEVIL made them do it

Democrats never stop pushing socialist laws that deny the individual their rights. Coloradans must push back hard and never ever give an inch!!! Or you will wind up like us in Kalifornia with NO RIGHTS! I say, never ever compromise with these fanatical leftists-REMEMBER always-they are DETERMINED to take your rights away!

expanded back ground checks are a way for obama to know who owns a gun so he can take then later

go after violent movies and video games and leave the 2nd amendment alone

Who in the World would have elected a Governor , named Hickenlooper ??? Right Morons !!!!This is the problem when a business tries to dictate what the laws should be, since Magpul Industries are a part of the problem they want to pack up their toys and leave, they want to control how things work just like the cigerette companies did now look at how things have changed and we now know that cigerettes are truely bad for everyones health. Big thumbs up to the Governor.

The "Welcome to Michigan Magpul !" signs are out!

Reason and INTELLIGENCE has prevailed in Colorado ,,,,,,,, The American People have prevailed and teh EVOLUTION of American Society continues in spite of efforts by those to thwart it ,,,,,,,,,, Well Done Colorado !!!!!!!!

Gun control and over-reaching elitists causes gun violence.  Molon Labe!

recall or impeach or what ever you have to do but get those people out of office while you still have freedoms left. what they have done is unconstitutional STOP THEM NOW BEFORE ITS TO LATE!!!!!!

behind you 100% colorado!   thank you!

In my district, the "illegals", are not the majority.  Sorry eastern slope.  Gail Schwartz, my district will do everything to unseat you.

Ban what you want, ill print more mags to sell.Remrmber, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will own them....And im a 1% er you dont want on the hunt......

I feel much safer knowing everyone else but me has a gun.  They only get to fire blanks here but it makes me feel much safer.

There are more and more voters in this country that realize that our lax gun laws are responsible for our out of control murder and gun violence rate and that realize that we need common sense gun control to keep firearms out of the hands of criminals and crazy people. I am one of them and I will vote against anyone who supports the lunatic agenda of the NRA.The gun lobby doesn't know whether to sht or go blind.  On the one hand, they claim that assault rifles are no more dangerous than butter knives or sporks from Taco Bell.  It's all a matter of the intention of the user.  If armies were armed with butter knives they would be equally dangerous.On the other hand, this same bunch argues that assault rifles are necessary to overthrow the government if they want to.  Wacko.

traitors 1 and all .guilty by thier vote no need for trial .hang the traitors

POS Republiscum Losers out in force this morning I see. Welfare checks should arrive at around noon. Hurry. Drink the last of the beers.

It's a proven fact:  gun lovers don't ski.  That's why Texans are always running into trees out here on the slopes.

None of these laws will work if you can't stop allowing your weapons to get into criminals hands. Safer guns need to be made or smarter gun owners.

It would help if Commiefornia fell in the ocean like they've been promising to do for years now.  It would be nice to lose all those blue electoral votes!

Martha, just for the record,Buffalo Bill was and indian scout, buffalo hunter and a showman. he not only killed people, but scalped them for trophy's, as did many others of his era. Study your history.

ITS HAPPENING!!!!

vote the commie feelgood pimple face clown out of existance then send him monkey boy n blomberg in the streets of NYC w/o any weapon protection for a few days or Chitown

when the chief of police tells the governor to go F_ himself.. I'd say there's something wrong with the law..Good for Magpul. They should move operations to GA. These elected public servants today are #$%$. Being able to own a magazine holding less rounds means nothing except the people will have to be better marksmen and fluid in reloading. Colo will have a well trained militia

Well, what about those who were accused of DV then somehow redeem themselves to become a better human being? Don't they have a say so in this?

VOTE 2014. Dont sit home. Look what happened last time.

Co theatre shooter was an Obama supporter/ Columbine shooters were from a Dem household/ Giffords shooter was a Dem/ Newtown shooter was a Dem/ Fort Hood shooter was an Islamic Dem... Conclusion: All the mass shooters are Dems and need to be controlled due to mental illness.. And, the Second Ammendment is a RIGHT; I'm just saying...

The beauty of the Second Amendment is that it will not be needed until they try to take it.-- Thomas Jefferson.

Who is actually surprised here? All those who are saying Civil War, can you pick a date? I want to mark it on my assault calender -it kills flies!

If you want to see what human stupidity looks like, read the comments section of any news article about guns.

I've never seen a bigger group of whiny, sniveling Republiscum losers in one place. Although the stench is unmistakable.

I'm still waiting for those 4 MILLION JOBS Obama-care will generate&lt; - - THIS PIG said in 09.   ..  400,000 immediately!

REMEMBER THIS ... 2014!"Resisting TYRANNY is Obeying God"Thomas Jefferson

Don't you redneqks have anything better to get your panties in a bunch over? Like who is gonna win the next NASCAR race or having sex with your daddy's sister.

"said Republican Sen. Greg Brophy,... "These are not moderate. These are extreme, and just really unpopular."Uhm, can someone explain to me just how limiting the magazine capacity to 15 rounds and more extensive background checks are "extreme"? No, I'm being serious.And once again, the 2nd Amendment was written almost 225 years ago. The idea of "infringed upon" meaning the same thing for muzzle-loading muskets and for 30 round box magazines is actually pretty laughable. I don't want you to NOT have your guns. However, I DO want every possible step taken to prevent another tragedy. If one nut can be prevented from purchasing any type of firearm, due to a more extensive background check, and that, in turn, can prevent just ONE MORE MASS SHOOTING... then isn't it all worth it, in the end?Yes, there will be a lot of you who scream that more background checks and limiting capacities will only lead to jackbooted thugs eventually marching down Mainstreet USA and confiscating everyone's .30-30 deer-hunting rifles. Do you REALLY believe this will happen? Really?One final question: James Madison was not an unintelligent man. However, neither he, nor any other of the Founding Fathers, could have possibly dreamed of the advances in military technology in the decades and centuries to come. Had he been able to conceive the idea that one person was capable of causing such carnage (do you all truly understand the damage a 55 gr .223 bullet will do when it hits a human body while traveling over 3200 fps?), do you honestly think he would have written the 2nd Amendment as a blanket article to cover all aspects of firearms (as most of the pro-gun rights advocates would believe)?

Gun laws didn't create crime in large cities - drug trafficking did, and too many rich guys around with money to buy coke from young dealers.  Please stop believing NRA lies, please.

This law does NOT STOP any of you from passing down guns..GET over it guns owners don't have special rights kill that;s really what this is all about  there is this small gun ownership that think they still live in the wild wild west where they get to kill those they disagree with...There are way to many of those CC guys that think they are the law for not only to protect themselves but others....sorry but that's a dangerous situation more so than the guy robbing the neighbor house when he's not home.

So as I understand it, Assault riffles and magazine's that hold over 10 rounds will take away all gun rights. What about the 2200 guns it doesn't affect. Hunters need automatic riffles with 30-100 round clips. Not the type of hunting I do. Now if I was looking to cause mass casualties as quickly as possible then I would be more apt for a bush master with high capacity clips. I don't need an assault riffle for home protection. My glock, desert eagle, or my Bellini  will be more than except-able to keep my family safe.

ohio's got your back

Yas sir, need to get to Walmart fer some vittles but somebody's tank's double parked...

Yea.....but  buffalo  bill  and  doc   holliday  never  carried  an  ak-47  that  had  50  bullet  magazines.

Good for Colorado, for addressing the issue without over addressing it.Perhaps if there were some honest discussion instead of "get rid of guns" and "get more and more guns" as the only options something of value could be accomplished.  The number of people getting shot every year is increasing.  Less are dying thanks to medical technology.  What are some reasonable actions that can be taken to reduce shootings.  I am looking for real ideas, not rhetoric.  Mass shootings are devastating, but rare.  Complete gun bans do not work because people just drive one town over to buy guns.  We need to do things differently, what are some ideas?

More unarmed citizens have disarmed perpetrators than armed citizens. When crazy stuff happens, i alwaya ask myself "where are those tough talking NRA members?" Likely poo poo'ing in their pants LOL. I heard one chump, punkass coward concealed carry sissy say "uh, well, i couldnt get a clear shot" LOL. Then spend more time on a real combat range, and not punching paper one Saturday out of the month, idiot!

His stance for sane gun laws will surely help his popularity rather than hurt it.....a few gun wackos not withstanding.

Seriously, if you don't plan to commit mass murder, then you have nothing to worry about. Even if one or two classifications of automatic machine guns are banned, that would still leave 2,241 guns to choose from. In the end, the NRA represents the gun manufacturers, not the gun owners. Hysteria and paranoia are great for sales and profits.

From reading the above article, it seems very clear that the Republicants in Colorado are MORE interested in slaughtering people than reasonable restrictions on the types of weapons that can be used in the state.  Why Republicants are so interested in having weapons available for killing the most people in the shortest amount of time is unfathomable.

The real reason for the CENSUS is that the government is planning to take away the people.That will be the next conspiracy by conservatives.

So a backgroundcheck and limited clips. Where's the evil gun restrictions. Gun nuts are like Chicken Little. That's why they are so FUNNY!

Do you really need more than 15 rounds? Oh yea the zombie Apocalypse is coming and martial law will be enacted. Get to the BUNKER we are going to over throw the US military with our little AR 15s and extended mags! stupid conservatives...

I've taken the train east through Colorado. Outside Denver and the ski areas there is nothing anybody wants unless it's rusted out cars and XXXL clothing drying on a clothesline attached to a trailer. So what you're protecting with guns is a mystery to me.

So the current background checks become universal background checks (whatever that means). The buyer is charged a fee for the background check. Law abiding citizens now have to pay a tax in the form of a fee for getting what cost nothing in the past. That should stop a lot of criminals from purchasing a firearm.Whether a citizen gets a concealed-carry permit on line or in person the process uses the same universal background check information. Banning on-line carry permits will surely prevent undesirables from getting a firearm using this law.As for the 15 round magazines, now a person will just buy two magazines instead of one 30 round magazine. That will really slow down the rapid firing of rounds.Logically, I do not see anything that has been done to prevent what the laws are trying to prevent. What I do see is an additional tax fee for the universal background check, the loss of applying on-line for a carry permit and the extra cost of an additional 15 round magazine. This will affect only law abiding citizens who purchase firearms. But hey, the politicians will get lots of votes and the ordinary citizens; well, they lose more of their freedom written in the Bill of Rights.Colorado WAS a frontier state, for shitsake.    It's now 2013 and we don't need rifles and coonskin caps.    Or azzholes with assault rifles, automatic weapons of any kind or even pistols.      Get with the times you backward slobs.

Hey gun nuts. Since you brought abortion into this, how can you be "pro life", but pro death penalty and not have funerals for all miscarriages???

I've never seen a bigger group of whiny, sniveling Republiscum losers in one place. Although the stench is unmistakable.

Repubs in the red states are mostly workshy people, and welfare rats, with a firearm who rely too much on the state.

Maybe Thomas Jefferson was just as crazy as our current crop of elected officials. So why does everybody hang on his every word, especially about weapons in citizens hands. Now that sounds crazy to me.

When you say Nutcases do you mean are reps in Washington Dc and Sacromento

I still cannot fathom how anyone would see a background check for anyone trying to purchase a lethal weapon as a negative thing. If the NRA is serious when it says guns should be kept out of the hands of criminals or the mentally ill, then it should be supporting these measures.

I still say.......conservatives (especially Tea Party people) value GUNS (and money) more than they value other people's lives.And that was proven - when I read a comment - after the mass theater shooting, in which someone stated it would be better if those who were critically injured [in the hospital] would go ahead and die, because it would save their families from high medical bills.One has to wonder if that commenter would feel the same way if any of those badly injured people were his or her family / friends !

"Republicans &amp; NRA turds" and "Think" can never be used in the same sentence. It's impossible...

Lots of repressed, closeted Republicans itching to go postal........We should just shut up and do what our Government says. Americans are always complaining about things. I will never question my Government and the people who do need to be thrown in jail for treason. If you don't like this country you are free to leave.

"Republican gun ideas were hastily rejected earlier this year. Those ideas included expanding gun laws to allow teachers to carry concealed weapons, and a failed attempt to require armed security guards at businesses that ban concealed weapons."The usual pat answer from the Party of Stupid.

It appears that we have two distinct groups at work. On one end we have the ones who are  attempting to address a very serious issue and on the other, ones who just complain and moan and really don't attempt to accomplish much else. Hmmmm, I wonder which is which!!!

We don't care how many children are killed by guns as long as we can keep ours. N.R.A.

Lets see now, on the one hand there is a party which will roll up their shirt sleeves and make the decision to address urgent issues and on the other, a party that embraces status quo and their means of accomplishing anything is to  b!tch, moan and complain about what the other is doing. So they say, there are those who make it happen and those who watch it happen. Gosh, I wonder which is which!!!

Watch what happens to my freedom of speech when I tell the truth....It's freedom but under their rules and too bad if they are mentally ill.Why do the gun nut whimpering paranoids always say someone is going to round then up?There is no earthly reason for this to happen.1. They have absolutely nothing worth taking, absolutely nothing.2. They don’t need re-education, because they never got educated.3. They are already worker bee slaves to the corporations.4. They constantly forego their own interests while supporting and idolizing the wealthy.5. They blindly buy Chinese communist junk.6. They line up to drink poison soda , swill down junk food and fatten up on corn syrup.So aside from their fantasy based on huge delusional egos and constant fox news panic mongering and the NRA paranoid pandering, the whole idea of a “round up” is hilarious.Next is the “I gota protect myself from the boogey men criminals”. Who would actually want to break into their tar paper shack and steal the stuff that got from dumpsters? Who?No one cares about them and certainly the corporations do not want them to change and nobody wants to take their junk.Pure Paranoia.

Funny how these republicans worry so much about the constitution and scream about the second amendment, but having an abortion is also protected under our constitution and upheld by the supreme court, but yet they conveinienty forget that!

Look at this guys Bio on the web. He wanted a DC spot before he ran for for governor...  What do you think Biden promised him in that famous phone call..."Screw over the citizens of Colorado and we will give you......."

After reading posts by you gun nuts, I am convinced that if they had an intelligence test done before you could buy a gun, the gun industry would collapse.

OBEY!No one is infringing on the 2nd amendment, there is no need for any magazine to hold more than 10 shots.  Changing clips is the only thing that allows people on the receiving end of the gun to possibly stop the killer or allow them a few seconds to get away.You cannot say keep the hands out of outlaws and crazy people unless you do background checks.  You have to register your car and have a license to drive one so why not have background checks.  NRA and right wingers always assume the worst when in fact we had an assault rifle ban before and it never went any further than that.

Hmmm, let's see now, on the one hand it appears we have the party of the movers and shakers and on the other, the b!tchers and moaners. Wonder which party is which?

I love my guns and no one will ever take them.  But I can pass a background check, too so I have no objection to lower mag capacities and universal background checks.

Repubs are often workshy welfare rats, with a firearm, living on gov assistance!

The wokshy Repukes in the south need to get a job, not only live from government assistance... They need to do some some kind of community service.... those Repub Trailer Park Rambos who refuse will have to go on to the mandatory work activity, or face losing their benefits AND FIREARMS!.

Repub Gun pukes must do something for the country... 80% of the workshy Repubs in the red states would never give up their benefits, they appear unwilling to look for work, and they rather stay inside the trailer, play with a gun and wait for the food stamps!!

The problem is not with the guns that Buffalo Bill and Doc Holliday carried.  It is Machine Gun Kelly and the nuts that shot up schools and theaters.

GOPathetic

Gunturds &amp; Republicans: More useless than a cyanide capsule to a man in the electric chair.

I'm a Republican. I wear a yellow "sticky" so that I can look like effeminate.EVERY VOTE FOR THE REPUB DIPSH**TS, was voting for the destruction of America, the death of our patriots, and the death of our freedom!!!

What about the rights of gun victims, who speaks for them.

First step in repealing the 2nd amendment. Finally some movement towards a complete gun ban, followed by door to door searches.

Guns don't make your wee wee bigger, right wingers LOL

It's the NRA or someones life. The choice is easy.

Lots of Repuke Losers without real jobs trolling for 35 cents a post I see.....

How come gun nuts are so passive and docile at airports LOL? They are downright.....LIBERAL during those searches LOL

Gotta love Repuke Re(tards with their yellow stickies. At least it makes you losers easier to identify. Other than the stench, that is.

All of my hunter buddys are obsessed with killing. Like Dahmer was.

A Governor with the true American spirit. Not intimidated by a horde of NRA gun crazies like most phony politicians are. Governor Hickenlooper we salute you and your brave legislators.Fact: Just because our forefathers are old does not mean they were wise. They might have had Altsheimers disease and called it witchcraft.

POS Repukers have fouled this board with their filth, disease and stink. We're gonna have to hose it down when you losers finally pass out.......

Finally some politicians who had the balls to go up against the NRA the front for the gun manufacturers.  Isnt it wonderful that we sell more guns than any other nation and use more of them for killing Americans.  How many killings today?

After two major shootings in Colorado the public's mood is beginning to change.  The pro-gun lobby is still making a lot of noise but people are beginning to realize that high availability of guns increases the chances you'll be shot, not reduces them.

Bobby Jindal (a right winger) "we have got to stop being the stupid party" LMFAO. Lots of them here on Yahoo, Bobby LOL

It will be a sad day in hell when one of you republicans daughters are brutally raped and then shot between the eyes. Yeah the democrats will be there for you to cry upon. People change their views when what they oppose happens to them!

Lots of Repuke crybabys and Losers here. I guess welfare checks arrived today and now it's Colt45's all around the basement........

STUPID LIBERALS .. still believe Hussein's claims DOCTORS are unnecessarily"Chopping Off LIMBS" .. for profit!

Tnx Gov.for showing the people why we are a Republic and not a democracy,that can be ruled by mobs. The horde of NRA  gun crazies did not intimidate you and your legislators. You are showing the true fearless American spirit. God Bless you and God bless the United States of America.

In the wake of the unthinkable massacre in Newtown, Connecticut, pro-gun ideologues are once again calling for ordinary citizens to arm themselves as a solution to mass shootings. If only the principal at Sandy Hook Elementary School had possessed a M-4 assault rifle she could've stopped the killer, they say. This latest twist on a long-running argument isn't just absurd on its face; there is no evidence to support it. As I reported recently in our in-depth investigation, not one of 62 mass shootings in the United States over the last 30 years has been stopped this way. More broadly, attempts by armed civilians to intervene in shooting rampages are rare—and are successful even more rarely. (Two people who tried it in recent years were gravely wounded or killed.) And law enforcement overwhelmingly hates the idea of armed citizens getting involved.even though the argument from the right is, and as all thinking adults know, just dumb.....the Constitution gurantees the right to gun ownership.....but the founders never imagined the firepower available today.....the right constantly uses the excuse of 'protection from the government'  which is of course, another idea whose time came and went for everyone who lives in the present and not the 1860's

True patriots support the Constitution the way it was written by our Founders and the way our SCOTUS has interpreted it for two hundred years! Because the last time I read the Second Amendment it was: A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.How can you call yourself a patriot if your loyalties are with a lobbyist group and there edited version of the Second Amendment and not with our Constitution? "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed".

I really don't understand how you can claim to be a "law abiding citizen" then fight vehemently against background checks and 15 rounds of ammunition. But then again, gun nuts will fight against anything the NRA tells them to; long gone are the days where the NRA would actually regulate guns.

The backlash should be against every politician bought and paid for by the NRA !! Kick them all to the curb and let them know we will not tolerate the NRA thugs threats !!!

I just canceled the ski trip for our group, and we will no longer pay big $$ to go on future hunting trips to Colorado. There are other states that will benifit from our money. So ppl of Colorado you can thank your Gov. for not addressing the gang problems related to crimes with guns. Just like our gov. in D.C. Law abiding ppl just had their rights screwed. Their is nothing in any new laws (on guns) adressing gangs. So I can see threw this agenda.

Really, “rachett back gun rights”? Aside from that sounding like it's the GUN  that has rights, seems like it should really be “rachett back high-capacity magazine rights”.  As far as removing the Reagan “gun-show loophole” regarding background checks, how would you define that as a “right”?KRISTEN WYATT and IVAN MORENO, the NRA leadership thanks you for perpetuating the myth that no politician better ever cross them.

The citizens of co want  these laws or else they would stop it by shutting  down there govt. By a court order. Call for a public election ,

to all believers to the USA constitution ....this is the kind of gov`t you get anytime you vote alib-turd into political office.....WAKE-UP!!! america to the lib-turds evil agenda.......

Coming to a town near you...vote all you want and whine all you want...hot air gets nothing accomplished..

So the Republicans believe it's extreme to force someone who's been adjudicated mentally ill with homicidal tendencies to undergo a background check in a private sale? What do they want that person to do with a gun if they can buy one with no check? Why do Republicans so enjoy the murder of Americans?"The real purpose of the Second Amendment was to ensure that the ‘state armies’ – ‘the militia’ – would be maintained for the defense of the state. … The very language of the Second Amendment refutes any argument that it was intended to guarantee every citizen an unfettered right to any kind of weapon he or she desires."– Warren E. Burger, former chief justice of the United States.

The sky is falling! the sky is falling!!! I need my guns to make me feel like I'm a man!!!!!!Fear!!!!!! I live with it everyday!!! Everyone wants what I have!!! I'm AFRAID!!!!!!!!!AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Oh yeah, I forgot my Republican Lithium pills !!!!

the Gov Hippofuck%r will get his butt voted out in next election and then repeal the BS gun laws he signs.

Right wingers, the earth is NOT 2,000 years old

&lt;  -  -  THIS PIG ... to the far left is coming after your .. "401K" ...After your GUNS!

Bye! Bye!

Obama PUNISHES the legal, hard working, middle class, while REWARDINGthe ILLEGAL, ignorant, criminal, &amp; .. "Career Welfare Rat" ...

Oh my, limit it to fifteen rounds, so lets see, your could bag a herd of deer if you were a really good shot, I mean really good...I think I will go vacation in CO now... Most people are for reasonable gun control so I think it may be a net gain for CO... Most people are reasonable and considerate citizens and neighbors but then there are the self appointed patriots and sheriff wannabees that need to surround themselves with more guns than can be fired with two hands.What about them?  Boycott away...

…………………./´¯/)………………..,/¯../………………./…./…………./´¯/’…’/´¯¯`•¸………./’/…/…./……./¨¯\……..(‘(…´…´…. ¯~/’…’)………\……………..’…../……..…\….....……. _.•´…………\…………..(…………..\………….\....... GUNTARDS......

Pretend all the guns are gone, for good. I'm still free. I can cross State lines without papers. I can own a house. Nothing changes.Liberals work for the advancement of society and to move society forward.  Conservatives cling to outmoded concepts of ‘freedom’ or ‘personal liberty’.  No progressive, liberal society can move in the directions in which it needs to go until these conservatives who cling to their guns are disarmed.

The most violent acts in this country were carried out on 911 and they used razor blades and knives !! Timothy McVeigh used fertilizer for his heinous act. Its not the guns!!!.

I find it amazing that pro-gunners call people that want universal background checks, extremists, when they are saying that they won't obey new gun laws and that everyone is trying to take their guns away when, in fact, they are just trying to close loopholes.  Read the comments by pro-gunners on these gun articles and tell me who the extremists are.  A pro-gun company threatens to shut it''s doors and move to a different state.  THAT isn't extreme?  If you are for gun control, you are called a libtard, which I guess means I don't agree with you.  Pro-gunners, aside from being paranoid, angry, radical, and sometimes threatening violences, seem to be the more level-headed posters, in the comments section of these articles.  I'm joking about the "level-headed".They want to hold on to their wild west heritage, but THIS ISN'T THE WILD WEST, ANYMORE.  They are proud of a time when there were shootouts in the streets over things as trivial as disagreements?  Wake up and evolve, people.

Cry, Repukers, cry.

I'm a Republican, short and stout.Since my party can't win an election, I'm going to have to pout.I sleep all day and troll all night.Most people call me a loser, but my sister/wife thinks i'm alright.Someday I'll find a job; of this I have no doubt.But since I'm a Repuker, I'll just first wait 'til the welfare runs out.

Lots of Republiscum Losers continuing to cry here today. Only four more years of bawling, ingrates.........

Gun nuts talk tough, but are docile and obedient in airports...like good little liberals LOL

You don't need a 30 round magazine to blow the brains out of a deer.

Oscar Pistorious = Right Wing Gun Nut!

Getting a Repub to tell the truth is like expecting an NRA member to stop being a paranoid loser waiting for the "Revolution." Neither will happen anytime soon.62 mass shootings in the past 30 years. 62 times chump, punkass NRA cowards ran for cover and didnt do a thing.

Hey, gun nuts. How come when i say "spray and pray" you guys go ballistic? I got that from the late Jeff Cooper. I'm sure you all have a photo of him that you worship every night before you go to bed LMFAO

I'm a Republican and NRA punk. And I'm going to cry every time I'm reminded about how I belong to a party of Losers. So please don't ever show on TV anything other than Mom, apple pie, and juicy assault weapons with extended clips.

Background checks for private sales is not practical.  Then they talk of "reviving fees" for those private checks...Well, that won't be enforced, because it's going to be impossible to enforce it.  Stupid thinking, by fools.  And you folks in Colorado had better be paying attention...Elections are coming up.  You can get rid of these guys!

As well it should, because it is not Gun Restrictions, it is Constitutional Violations..Lucky they are not hanged...

Don't give the Gun nuts any more toys to play with!Huge thumbs up to Colorado for not bowing to the almighty NRA, one of thecraziest nutjob cults since Waco.

NRA = National Re(tards of America

Repuke losers should stick to doing what they do best: Losing

When cars were invented, there were no restrictions.  Cars became more powerful and faster, thus more dangerous.  So, speeding restrictions were established, to help protect the public.  And I dont see anybody complaining about these restrictions.  Gun restrictions is no different.

Republicans Gun nuts: Grow Up!!!!!Yahoo ought to have a separate Tea Bag Gun Nut Section...  The comments on this blog are crazy...

Way to go Hickenlooper, democrats and republicans who support stronger gun laws need to take a lesson from the t party radicals, fight, don't compromise, demand legislation and end the American nightmare of continuuing mass murders. (my arguement, How many mass murders committed by knives, fists, or clubs, lately? Guns kill multiple people to easy!

Is it really that big of a deal to fill out a form and wait a few days to get a gun?  Some how that is infringing on constitutional rights?  Define "a well regulated milititia".   Because that is what the 2nd admendment says.

Why is everybody so convinced that our forefathers were correct about guns? Maybe they were idiots just like the present batch of politicians.

Magpul isn't leaving Colorado.  Ever.  It'll make more money off of you rubes playing the martyr role and selling over the internet than it would operating in any other State.  "Buy Magpul because they are victimized by the big, bad, government!  Waaaaaaah!"You people are imbeciles.  Colorado will still get its tax money from Magpul.

By Joel S. Hirschhorn, guest contributionDecember 11, 2012Puzzling me for a long time is the inconsistency between two claims by gun and Second Amendment supporters.  One is that what they worship is critically needed to defend themselves against a government that they would view as oppressive and unacceptable.  The other is their belief that the US government has already become awful, stealing their liberties.Why then, I keep asking myself, have we not seen a violent uprising among the untold millions of Americans owning guns to take back their government?  Why do we not see what goes on in European nations, namely violent public uprisings against governments?There is more private gun ownership in the US than any other nation.  We have a far right part of the population with considerable public presence and power.  FOX News, the Tea Party movement, and countless groups and think tanks angrily attacking the mainstream media, liberals, and leftist politicians as well as just about everything done by President Obama.So, why hasn’t the massive number of gun lovers who worship the Second Amendment actually done what they claim is exactly needed, what the Second Amendment was created to give them the right to do, and what their massive gun power supposedly gives them the means to accomplish?  Especially when they lose major elections, when their Republican and conservative politicians fail to deliver to them?

What we need, is a hose big enough to flush all the Repub gun pukes in the entire South with all the guns down the sewer.

I saw a program on Somalia last weekend.  They sell all kinds of guns including RPGs on the streets everywhere.  NRA gun nuts should move there if they want to play with their toys so badly and leave this country alone.

Hey cowards. Why don't you forcibly remove Obama from office then? Tough talking coward punks.The same yellow bellied chumps who duck and run when there is a real shootout.

The gun crazies shouting about the Constitution and in the next breath shouting threats to a duly elected government for using their rights to pass laws they disagree with. A dastardly crew of UnAmerican misfits.Has anyone seen a more frightened bunch than the gun lobby?  They're afraid that the government is out to get them.  They were absolutely certain that Obama was out to take their guns in his first term, and he actually signed legislation to allow carry in national parks.  Then when a string of massacres leads to a discussion to increase background checks on unsuitable people and restrict the specific type of weapon that was used, OMG, there is proof that he was out to get us all along.  Of course the massacres had nothing to do with that whatsoever.  In fact, that was all a big hoax designed to oppress people.Then when Colorado passes a law to allow a mere 15 rounds in the magazine which is about double that of most WWII rifles, there is absolute proof that the government is out to get us.  The source of the madness is the guns themselves.  They convince the owners that there is some reason for them.  So, the more guns they get, the more paranoid they are.  If you introduce the most limited restrictions they get even more paranoid.  It is a spiral into madness.

Is it Spay and Nueter you liberal month yet?

I just can't wait to pass my machine guns down to my children, and those huge magazines that they can use if and when they decide to do some mass killings.  And we need to all give the gun makers donations so that they can stay in business...poor babies don't make enough money from the sale of their machine guns.  I say let's start allowing them to make rocket launchers so that we can each own one of those....and flame throwers so that we can burn people that we don't like!!!

Saying that gun owners are crazy people who won't abide by laws is not news. Don't look at the popular posts from Yahoo as reality. Only 39% of the country owns guns and a lot of them don't care. These are the real gun nuts here, full of fear and paranoia. No facts will sway them, no amount of killing will deter them.

What were they thinking?  Expanded background checks?  Only 15 bullets in a round?????  Now we're all defenseless!!!!  Run to the hills!!!!   Get a job you useless hick gun nuts or shoot yourselves in protest.  You will just speed the evolutionary process.

15 round magazine?  That's ten more rounds than a Mauser that the Germans killed hundreds of thousands of people with.

Shall we do battle with a government we elect and which represents we the  people?  That can only be done if a MINORITY chooses to control the majority by means of the bullet, not the ballot box.  If the minority should succeed in that way, we will no longer have a democratic, constitutionally based republc. It will be a tyrrany of the gun owners over the majority.It's kind of frightening to realize that that well may be what most of you gun owners want.

Why do GOPussies continue to cling to guns and religion? Cause they ain't got nothin' else

LaPierre is a few rounds shy of a full clip!

Little old ladies fight off more thugs with their purses than cowardly gun nuts do. Gun nuts are all talk and no action.Finally some sense, I had enough of the NRA and the delusional, paranoic idiots that follow them.We are number two in the world in gun ownership, (number 1 is Yemen), How does that make you feel?, in the Club of the idiotic schizophrenics. Enough of beign run down by the overweight ignorants that like to dress in fatigues on the weekends pretending to be Rambo.

This agenda is being pushed from an outside force..... the media prints these polls that make no sense whatsoever ... making us believe that the majority wants it done.... so when it happens we don't question it..... they need the guns out of our hands for their next step.... total control ... total domination....and trust me.,.. this is no conspiracy theory ....just think.... if one conspiracy theory was 1% true... that means the government lied.... y do we the people .. who have control ...put up with them.... take the power back and say ENOUGH!!!!

I lived in Colorado for a long time, everyone's a hunter but we don't need an assault rifle to hunt we are pretty good, you know one shot well placed. Law abiding citizens don't need assault weapon's or weapon's and clips that allow you to kill 100 people in one minute, no, the only people who need those are people who are not law abiding citizens or law abiding citizens looking to break the law.

All the right wing Tards on hear spewing fear and hugging the guns that are the only thing that makes them fell Manly. LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL. Seek professional HELP!!!

Stop the American Holocaust!  Stop making love to guns!  All you gun owners do the right thing and hand over your killing machines to the government.  Lets collectively dream something better then people killing technology.

OUT! Get the h3ll OUT!

I get so tired of people complaining that any gun control regulations infringe on 2nd Amendment rights.  The 2nd Amendment isn't absolute.  Just like the 1st Amendment, there can be regulations that protect the public's safety.  For example, you cannot yell "fire" in a crowded theater because it causes a risk to the public, even though we have the freedom of speech.

Gun ownership does not define freedom.  Every Arab country is armed to the teeth, and don't seem that free.  Most latin american countries are armed to the teeth, and don't seem free.  Got any counter examples?  Europe seems pretty free, don't see many guns there.

Speaking of Socialist PIGS like Obama, let's CongratulateTeddy "VODKA" Kennedy on his 43 straight mo's of "SOBRIETY"Congrats, .. "TEDDY"

..Yes - how many school children must die to support GOP greed?.When will the GOP stop taking bribes, I mean political contributions, from the Gun Makers?After all the corrections were put in, he and his colleagues concluded that the people in the study who were carrying a gun at any given time interval were more than four times as likely to be shot.Branas offered several possible explanations. Having guns could induce people to behave differently, he said, perhaps emboldening them to stand up to attackers. Another possibility, he said, is that people are having their firearms turned on them.Comparing cases and controls isn't traditionally applied to violence, Branas said. "It's sort of new on the radar screen for the public." The study is one of the few funded by the National Institutes of Health.

Hey, Hick - go back to Philly!

I don't understand what the gun nuts are wetting themselves over. NO guns are being taken away and you have to go through a background check which doesn't even have anything to do with the guns themselves per se. This is pretty minor stuff.

The 2nd Amendment is not written in stone like the carved heads at Mt. Rushmore. This obsession with guns is pattently nuts. Change the Amendment already. Amendment means change. Look it up.

get rid of the guns and send more tornados lord...........

By Tom LyonsGun regulations under serious consideration are not about banning all guns, just some out-of-the ordinary ones especially good for killing lots of people quickly and easily, without reloading.That’s more like restricting unregistered civilian ownership of supersonic fighter jets, which we do. And so hardly anybody has one of those.

In the gulf war my cousin boycotted the French, even Target stores because it has the nick-name "Tarchay" as if it's French. In fact, it's HQ is in Minneapolis where she has relatives. She lives in COLO, so by all means, ban them, boycott them, ostracize them. She'll love it! You guys are geniuses.

GOP = The "wide stance party" LOL

Hopefully some CO. PATRIOT WILL put a Large Caliber Hollow Point in HIS Liver BEFORE Wednesday.

WE NEED BACKGROUND CHECKS ON TEACHERS AND GUNSSomehow, I can't believe even Buffalo Bill would have approved of assault rifles with huge magazines.  I really don't understand how anyone can believe private citizens should have these type of weapons.  There is way too much emotion in this issue and not enough common sense and humanity.

The 2nd was written when it was musket vs musket... today it'll be your 45 vs a TANK. Who's going to win? Wake up already rednecks!

If public safety is not a concern THEN VOTE THEM OUT!!!!

The second amendment is not about personal self defense. Read it: "Well regulated militia"..Unless you are arguing for the ownership of machine guns and rocket launchers arguing that you need semis to protect yourself from a potential hostile govt is the height of hypocracy. Just so you know I just purchased a Kel Tec PMR 22 mag. Nice gun but ouch on the price.

The founders would not have put up with this nonsense either.  Good job, CO.  Modern weapons have become too dangerous.  We have to look at the 2nd Amend with common sense and not emotion.

Republican Losers on this board continue to do what they are best at: Losing

If you are in favor of unregulated private party sales you are part of the problem. Gun selling forums provide a huge loophole for felons of God knows what crimes to attain guns. Who needs mags over 15 rounds? Gun nuts are morons.

TYPICAL DEMS====lie, cheat steal, rape, loot and pillage!!!!!!!!!------how could you people vote in this godless democratic machine????????????????     throw them out!!!!

Nobody is talking about taking away your weapons, you NRA zombies and David Karesh wannabes.  You want to increase your family's chances of losing a member by 15-fold by keeping a weapon in your house?  That's fine.  But a "well regulated militia" under the 2nd Amendment requires, well, regulations!  The First Amendment does not give me the right to yell "Fire!" in a crowded theater or to slander another person without facing major lawsuits.  Neither does the 2nd Amendment give you the "right" to stockpile an #$%$-enal for a massacre courtesy of the NRA....So if you want to flirt with suicide or run up the chances of killing your girlfriend "by accident" like the fellow in South Africa  That's your choice.  Just give the rest of society a sporting chance for a background check that can certify your lunacy and keep your gun-slinging rampage under 15 rounds.

That the elected representative of the people of Colorado face peril from the Gun Lobby makes their action all the more significant and courageous.I am glad the Gov. did the right thing and did not bow to loud mouth minority NRA and gun owners.

gun psychos. Tell me those little kids in sandy hook would not have rather gone up against a guy with a hammer or a baseball bat. Your arguments are so pathetic!

The gun totting wild west boy's did not carry the multi shot wepon's of today. The comparison is stupid.

Come back down to reality, under all gun proposals and laws you will be able to purchase guns with sufficient lethality for hunting, to protect yourself and familty and target practice and so on. Only certain gun types will be banned and the second amendment will not be infringed because it does not state that the right to bear ANY and ALL arms shall not be infringed.

Spray and pray, brother, spray and pray...

Why are Republicans such bitter, angry losers?

MagPul is an injection molding company. They can retool and build something useful like toasters for Cuba instead of magazines used to kill people.

Gun nuts, do you REALLY think Wayne LaPierre cares about you? Follow the money, idiots! Read that excellent Rolling Stone Magazine article on the gun industry. Billions of dollars are being made off of your FEARS!!

Glad they are banning the guns.

The household gun ownership rate has fallen from an average of 50 percent in the 1970s to 49 percent in the 1980s, 43 percent in the 1990s and 35 percent in the 2000s, according to the survey data, analyzed by The New York Times.Republicon and NRA Losers are swarming and infesting this board with their filth, disease and stink. I'm going to have to call the exterminator to get rid of all the lice, bed bugs and roaches left behind by you Dipsh**s.

Republicanism. Some birth defects are impossible to overcome.

I am sooooo glad the face of this nation is changing from the old, dumb white male that clings to Jessie Helms!

Why do the gun nut whimpering paranoids always say someone is going to round then up?There is no earthly reason for this to happen.1. They have absolutely nothing worth taking, absolutely nothing.2. They don’t need re-education, because they never got educated.3. They are already worker bee slaves to the corporations.4. They constantly forego their own interests while supporting and idolizing the wealthy.5. They blindly buy Chinese communist junk.6. They line up to drink poison soda , swill down junk food and fatten up on corn syrup.So aside from their fantasy based on huge delusional egos and constant fox news panic mongering and the NRA paranoid pandering, the whole idea of a “round up” is hilarious.Next is the “I gota protect myself from the boogey men criminals”. Who would actually want to break into their tar paper shack and steal the stuff that got from dumpsters? Who?No one cares about them and certainly the corporations do not want them to change and nobody wants to take their junk.Pure Paranoia.

Your shadow is coming! Your shadow is coming! ---- Modern day Paul Revere warning all Republiscum Losers to line up at WalMart for their weekly paranoia purchases of guns and ammo for the upcoming "revolution." Hahahahahahahahaha

Republicans are lovable Losers. Everyone should own one. The Koch Brothers own many

LOL if Obama is so evil, how come punkass, coward gun owners don't take over the government? LOL

With organized Government creation of a militia called the Army, citizens really don't need to possess firearms any more. The 2nd Amendment needs to be updated.

wait if you cant handle a problem with a Ar-15 in 15 rounds you have a big problem, they did not even ban the AR-15, they just limited the rounds,and background checks for online gun purchases this is contraversial my god

I can see all the Rednecks Freaking out right now! I hope they are not so crazy,that they will Hurt their Gov!America's addiction to guns and violence is out of control.  Colorado is on the right track.

Reality Check!! Something has got to be done about the these Terrible Mass Shootings!! It is time to quit thinking about yourself!! SOMETHING HAS GOT TO BE DONE!! WE OWE THIS MUCH TO THE SCORES OF THE INNOCENT THAT HAVE DIED!!! CALL ME ANYTHING YOU WANT......THIS IS THE RIGHT AND HUMAINE THING TO DO!!!!

Ask these guys why they manufacture bullets that blow up in the body. After they profit from this invention, do they feel guilty that thousands have died from their invention. Evil!!!!!!!!!!!

Quieted  down  and  accepted  seat  belts  and  a  good  thing  for  cars.  and  so  it  will  be that  these  good  comon  sense  gun  laws  that  the  intelligent  colorado  governor  and  the  democrats  are  passing  will  prove  to  be  good  for  all  coloradans  including  the  2nd  amenment  crazies.

The new mega gun store at Polaris in Cols, Ohio requires all shoppers (gun nuts) to check thier weapons at the door.

This armed melitia with the cool fire power is going to defend against an abrams tank an F86 raptor. How bloody stupid can people get. The amendment was viable in the 1700 hundreds but not in the 21st century. Ask the folks in Syria about civil war and how the war against thier government is going. This may not be the subject but I feel strongly that evolution has taken a wrong turn.

Gun nuts, the gun industry executives who are laughing all the way to the bank thank you for those mansions and exotic vacations LOL

Spray and pray, gun nuts, spray and pray...

I'd be more concerned with the peril the guns bring

to all the morons out there saying we don't need strict gun law because criminals don't abide by the law...are you in favor of legalizing murder rape and bank robbery also because criminals don't care about the law? criminals that break the law go to prison it's that easyHow do I get a GOPussy yellow ribbon? I want to be a loser just like the Republiscum posters here.......

Look at the sniper and author  that got killed on the gun range. You gun nuts are always asking "how come no one ever gets shot at the gun range or at gun shows"? Ask and you shall receive, chumps. It's happened already...several times!!

Watch what happens to my freedoms when I tell the truth....It's freedom but under their rules and too bad if they are mentally ill.Why do the gun nut whimpering paranoids always say someone is going to round then up?There is no earthly reason for this to happen.1. They have absolutely nothing worth taking, absolutely nothing.2. They don’t need re-education, because they never got educated.3. They are already worker bee slaves to the corporations.4. They constantly forego their own interests while supporting and idolizing the wealthy.5. They blindly buy Chinese communist junk.6. They line up to drink poison soda , swill down junk food and fatten up on corn syrup.So aside from their fantasy based on huge delusional egos and constant fox news panic mongering and the NRA paranoid pandering, the whole idea of a “round up” is hilarious.Next is the “I gota protect myself from the boogey men criminals”. Who would actually want to break into their tar paper shack and steal the stuff that got from dumpsters? Who?No one cares about them and certainly the corporations do not want them to change and nobody wants to take their junk.Pure Paranoia.

I don't think, I know if you put God back in schools, He will protect our children. When you took God out, you left it wide open for satin and untill you put God back in, you guard in Vain

Repukers need some more assault weapons so they can take care of those pesky squirrels which they swear are robbing them every day.......

gun bans  make for improvised ways of self defense

Seriously? You people are getting your panties in a twist over background checks and limited capacity clips? I guess you don't mind if the guy that moved in down the street has a screw loose or is a terrorist. What's the problem with making sure? Only use for a large capacity clip is to kill more people faster.

You can't find comon ground with the NRA...Unless you are as insane as they are!

Having been directly impacted by two gun murders that would not have happened with knives or muscles I want the insanity stopped.

Dubya took away guns during Katrina. Where is your outrage over that, gun nuts??Is it safe to say that someone who leaves virulently racist comments about President Obama and his family, has a dead animal head mounted on their wall, and has fecal matter in their skull instead of a human brain is in all likelihood a TEABAGGING NRA WING-NUT INBRED (R)(E)(D)(N)(E)(C)(K)??...Yeah...I thought so.

Gun kooks.. Passing down 'treasured' guns form generation to generation... Talk bout having screwed up values... Idiots..

The Wild West spirit still exists in Colorado. The duly elected Government of the  state of Colorado is not intimidated by a horde of NRA paranoid misfits.

GUN OWNERS. These lunatic bible thumpers are costing us elections and our rights. They keep pushing this anti-choice garbage on women, and WE are paying the price. Bible thumpers need to get the flock OUT of the GOP and start their own bible thumping party.

I say, if people want their assault style weapons then they need to justify that by declaring war on the u.s.a and attacking the u.s.a. with those weapons. Besides, with the obvious fact that no one has given even the slightest hint of attacking the government, that should mean the have no intention of pulling off a treasonous act like that.

Now now boys and girls.......why not move to the states who will not infringe? Then the rest of us will know where not to visit or spend our money . With your opinions that should solve the problems you fear so much....or go to Texass and secede, that should make it a friendly place? All I read seems to be FEAR, that's going to solve things!

Really glad that Magpul is leaving our state.  We don't need their sick #$%$ here.

In the next election the Republicans will nominate some anti-choice bible thumper and the topic will quickly change from guns to "Ladies, this REPUBLICAN WILL take your rights away". AND another democrat gets elected.   Very, Very sad situation.

"where treasured guns are routinely passed from generation to generation"  The traditional handing down of lethal weapons. Warms the heart.

The fastest and best way to stop this is VOTE Libertarian   [lp.org]  one Libertarian in Congress will change the course of history.  That will be what is called a “Turn on a Dime with 9 cents change.”Actually, the Second Amendment “right to keep and bear arms” was added to the Constitution as part of the Bill of Rights in 1791, until 2008–that is, a span of 217 years–that provision had never been formally declared to be a personal right. The almost universal understanding (until several modern scholars began questioning it) was that the right only applied to state militia organizations, like the modern National Guard.It was only in 2008, in the decision in District of Columbia v. Heller, that the Supreme Court ruled that the right was a personal right, conferred by the amendment to help assure a right of self-defense.But the Heller decision was far from a declaration that there can be no exceptions to that personal right to have a gun. Indeed, the majority opinion in that case said explicitly: “Like most rights, the right secured by the Second Amendment is not unlimited.”The opinion went on to cite a “historical tradition of prohibiting the carrying of dangerous and unusual weapons,” and it added that nothing in this decision cast doubt on that, or on the power of legislatures to adopt “reasonable” restrictions on the Second Amendment right.So the government can pass restructions that are reasonable.  Now what is reasonable to me may not be reasonable to other.  So before people talk about it being against the Constitution you should check your facs

Nixon was a (crooked) Repuglican, yet he wanted to ban hand guns. How about that!

So in AZ they want not just an ID when you vote but a birth certificate when you register to vote but no background checks for an AR-!5 and a pinkie-swear that you're not a felon, crazy or whatever.  Fact is, the large capacity mag made the killer's job a ton easier.  It's amazing he didn't kill more.

The solution to statistically insignificant one-off shootings by BigPharma guinea pigs is obvious: disarm all law-abiding white men.

all the astroturfers are on. funny none of them work.

I have to hand it to "gun nuts". No group except for the Taliban is as crazily religious about something. Good grief, no one is going to take away your little guns...can't help increase your pecker size though LOL

Keep going Colorado! Keep the guns away from the NRA nut jobs

Im an outdoorsman and I hunt regularly.I dont need a 15/25 clip to be successful.Ther designed for killing people

I am a Republican. And I'm scared. I saw my shadow today, and I'd swear that it is following me. Please help me......I need more ggggggguns........ Please help me....... I need more aaaaammo.......... Please help me......... I'm ppppppparanoid and fffffffrightened

yup, those NRA apologists are at it again. If you dont agree with them, they get scared and bury your comment, HA HAColorado hasn't been a "frontier" state in more than a century. Get over it! Traditions change when it's obvious that they don't make sense in a modern society. The gun culture tradition is going the way of the dodo.

bye bye NRA

As they say, it just takes one apple to spoil the whole bunch.  Don't get your panties in such a bunch girls...you still have plenty of fire power.

Richard Nixon's wanting to ban hand guns didn't hurt him when he ran for President: HE WON!

Most of these postings in favor of no-gun-laws seems to say that if they are left alone free for all gun culture, the second amendment will be safe and all will be well.  The problem is, all is not well.  We are killing each other at the rate of 30,000 per year and per police reports fully two third are suicides, self inflicted because of the availibility of firearms. The remaining are homicides and mass killings,  again due to the availibility of firearms.  These are the facts from the authorities and record keepers.  We need laws to protect lives.

The entire 2nd Amendment argument that it is armed individuals that protect us from the goverment is a myth.  2nd Amendment extenders all live on false myths.

I gotta say, it's good to see politicians to finally find a hill they are willing to die on.

The denm s steppped on their crank, on this one.We told them about listening to the inept, lying, quasi socialist in the white house.

Why can't Republicans play nice and share?   Did not their mothers teach them this??

I believe I have a right to be protected from a nutty neighbor with an AK - 47.The standard, military-issued magazine holds 15 rounds.  Why would people object to limiting the capacity to 15?  And why object to more background checks?  I don't think these limitations will do much good but if they save a few lives they're worth whatever small inconveniences they cause.

Everyone should be allowed to own nuclear bombs and ICBMs, otherwise it infringes on the 2nd amendment

Too many psycho gun nuts in this country.

These gun safety laws are NOT extreme. It is the fears of the gun rights people that are extreme. Those who want to can still own guns, carry guns, buy ammunition, go hunting etc. The criminal background checks for private sales will not be 100% perfect, but they certainly won't be worse than NO background checks.  And the cost is $10...10 bucks! And if a hunter needs more than 15 rounds  at a time to bring down the game, they may be a threat to public safety anyway...

go colorado. a state with balls to do what is right.

Good for Colorado, for too long have the 4 million members of the fascist NRA held the other 300 million of us hostage.

Govenor Hickenlooper is a very brave man.  The right of the population to live without fear of unregulated assault weapon and gun toting zealots is paramount.

This used to be the land of the free and the home of the BRAVE. Who are all these so called "americans" who are terrified to live without a gun? Don't let all the cowards stop the reasonable, brave, true Americans from trying to stop all this gun maddness.

Colorado is doing great with this, keep going

It's like comedy hour on here with you redneqks and your guns. You really get your panties in a bunch over nothing.Stop the knee-jerking will you!!! If the constitution was perfect we never would have needed amendments. Some of you want to go back to that time, but it won't happen. Life changes and cultures shift. The effort to make our society more peaceful and productive is an important one - if we really want to be civilized. Sometimes I doubt we want that. Get over it and find a non-violent hobby for crying out loud!

Tell the truth, a simple truth and boy can it upset the paranoids.Why do the gun nut whimpering paranoids always say someone is going to round then up?There is no earthly reason for this to happen.1. They have absolutely nothing worth taking, absolutely nothing.2. They don’t need re-education, because they never got educated.3. They are already worker bee slaves to the corporations.4. They constantly forego their own interests while supporting and idolizing the wealthy.5. They blindly buy Chinese communist junk.6. They line up to drink poison soda , swill down junk food and fatten up on corn syrup.So aside from their fantasy based on huge delusional egos and constant fox news panic mongering and the NRA paranoid pandering, the whole idea of a “round up” is hilarious.Next is the “I gota protect myself from the boogey men criminals”. Who would actually want to break into their tar paper shack and steal the stuff that got from dumpsters? Who?No one cares about them and certainly the corporations do not want them to change and nobody wants to take their junk.Pure Paranoia.

NRA members need to start grasping that right now the NRA leadership itself is putting gun rights in jeopardy by acting out some fantasy of abstract absolute gun liberty instead of pursuing an engagement with public concerns based on common sense. It's as if those who want to legalize marijuana were suggesting that 10 year olds should be allowed to smoke it on the school bus. Get real people.

The political peril will be paltable when terrorists take advantage of our nonsensical gun laws and kill thousands of US citizens in one catastrophic event-it is where we are headed you stupid gun toters. If you want second amendment rights they come with responsibility-that is NO MASS SHOOTINGS with WEAPONS DESIGNED for the MILITARY-A WELL REGULATED militia is what the second amendment says-please research and for the same reason we are not allowed c4 explosives, tanks, and f-15's we DO NOT NEED military weapons plain and simple. So now you will get tighter regulations because of all of the mass shootings and guess what will happen to gun rights advocates-NOTHING. The rest of us who have the right NOT to get shot? We will be SAFER and at least while in Colorado less likely to get shot from some idiot with a military weapon.

If America could deport the Tea Party, EVERYONE left in America would be safer....

Ban assault weapons for hunting ( except for hogs ).... All clips to be registered over 5 rounds , caught unregistered = confiscation &amp; fine .  .....

The Governor is showing he has a pair.  To bad a lot TBaggers in Colorado are still living in the past.

Republicans think a terrorist should be able to walk into any store and buy a gun.  That's why Republicans want to get rid of background checks.

2014 Governor's ELECTION...If the GOP has a candidate that supports 2nd amendment rights, the #$%$ law, and is PRO_CHOICE, he/she will win. If they are pro gun, but anti-choice the democrats will win.   Wait and watch..And for the bible thumpers, dont bother with the "Baby killer", "Save the Sperm", "Save the egg", "save the fetus" #$%$. You people have already done enough damage to the GOP and the country.

what is wrong with limiting the amount of ammo a magazine can carry...you only need large capacity when you can't hit what your shooting at, and a .223 caliber is only good for killing people...it tears up game to much and waste meat, unless you are hunting people that can shoot back....I will never understand how anyone can be opposed to background checks and gun registration. Instead of just squeezing your sphincter and yelling the "cold dead fingers" bit, how about stopping, just for a moment, and thinking about how to keep crazies and criminals from getting guns. No one is seriously trying to take guns way from law abiding gun owners, but sensible people are trying to make sure that law abiding people are the only ones with guns. There is no excuse for the over the top rhetoric on either side of this issue, and it is way past time to find some way to fix a serious problem in our society.

in the 1700's the 2nd amendment wasn't written conceiving that a ar-15 was ever in the future

ANARCHY seems to be the Republican mantra. They'll do ANYTHING to regain power, and align themselves with ANY ISSUE to divide this country.

Good job CO and Mr. Gov.  These are reasonable limits.  You will all survive.

I fully believe in the amendments and in our rights as Americans. I also believe in expressing what one feels-as noted below. HOWEVER, it is beyond sad that when I do read reactions from below and from the more conservative in Colorado thoughts are cented totally on themselves, on "oh poor me", NOT on the minimal impact on each individual limiting a magazine would do and certainly NOT on the positives expanded background checks would have. Come on, the background checks are at least ONE measure that we could take to better control just maybe better chances at a few more inappropriate people having a gun. Right now in most states ANYONE-mentally challanged or just really bad criminal background-can privately or on a gun show have a gun sold to them. Could they still get one on the streets, yes but that would be a tough one. Please Please take some steps toward less mass shootings.

how peculiar....the second amendment actually states that a "well-regulated" militia...blah, blah, blah...the operative word is REGULATED. here's a recent interpretaion by the supreeme court."Like most rights, the right secured by the Second Amendment is not unlimited."~antonin scaliadoesn't seem like limiting magazine size or requiring a background check infringes on anyones rights.

Confusious say: Man with big gun shoot self in foot.

In no way whatsoever does this infringe on constitutional rights.  How do I know that? Simple - do the new laws ban ALL firearms? Its simple folks, EVERY PERSON BUYING A GUN SHOULD BE REQUIRED TO SUBMIT A BACKGROUND CHECK.  There is no reason whatsoever for checks to not be used other than to make it easier for criminals to obtain weapons, PERIOD.  Gun rights advocates are so self-serving, they could care less about the safety of innocent people.

Limiting magazine capacity to 15 rounds is not "extreme".  Cry babies.   I've had a 9mm with normal clip.  Then last time the assult rifle ban was in place - I rushed out and bought an extended clip before it went into place.  I can honestly say that they bigger clip had no meaningful impact on my life, or my constitutional rights.   It did take up more room in the gun bag.  But I never used it.

Magpul can quit whining and stay where he's at. boo hoo2nd amendment right is not absolute. I wanted a bazooka in my bedroom and an M1A1 parked in front of may lawn to scare potential intruders but I can't.

tell the NRA what losers they are, and see  how long it takes them to bury your comment with thumbs down, HA HA!!

Don't limit.... Confiscate from these radicals #$%$

How are these laws "extreme"? People ought to choose their words more carefully, because they're not going to have any words left when, for instance, gun control laws really do become extreme. Hyperbole doesn't make one more correct; it just makes them sound foolish. The sky isn't ALWAYS falling.

I am for the regulation,  but I am for people to maintain their 2nd amendment rights.   We are no longer in the far west.  We don't need to "pack" when we go to the supermarket, school, church, or movies.  I have sister who lives in Aurora Co.  They could have been in that theatre that night as its the one they frequent near their house.  It could have been them.  I have a brother who is a maniac for guns.  He has around 20,  I think by  now.  he keeps buying them.  Just because someone is making rules.  Since 1999,  there has been almost as many public  shooting incidents as there are states in the union.  Too many,  1 was too many.  for those of us who have not lost a loved one to this violence,  we can't imagine what is like to wake up in the morning, or celebrate a birthday or a holiday, (imagine christmas morning with out a child because he or she was killed by senseless gun violence.)  I don't want to  experience it and I feel for those who do, because no one will relieve that pain.

Since when did writing in ALL CAPS and slinging insults constitute rational thinking?  People who using their mouth to shout cannot use their ears to hear.  I've noticed that people can be addicted to their guns like alcohol or drugs and there is no talking to them.  There is no middle ground? Background checks for all gun sales should be reasonable (no problem for law abiding citizens?), limiting magazines (if you haven't killed what your aiming for by after 10 rounds, you're probably dead yourself...or it's ran away), etc. Amendments exist to modify outdated parts of the Constitution.

Guns don't kill people.... But sure makes it easier

Did anybody listened to the new from UCF, orange county Florida? A student had plans to massacre students in that place. Rifles and explosives in the room, pointed at one students and thanks God for  this student a tragedy was averted. Now to my point, I hope and pray that none of these students who were his target are not sons and daughters of  those gun owners who blasted the Obama Administration for discussing the ban on assault weapons. This is exactly what we as citizens against assault weapons are talking about. We don't want for our 2nd  amendment to be taken away, but to protect citizens from those crazy people that are mess up due drugs and alcohol use. We don't need assault weapons and explosives to protect our homes and loves ones. We laws that are consistent through the land. I am a very happy person for not witnessing a tragedy on TV.

Paranoia is a very contagious disease... I haven't heard or read of anybody saying that we are abolishing the 2nd amendment, but they keep bringing that lie over and over like they did in the elections... it seems that it is the republican trade now... lie over and over until y may become true. NOBODY wants any part of the Constitution taken away, but after seen the faces of the parents of children that have been murdered and the psychological scars of people that will never feel safe going to a movie... we as a society have to find a way to put some type of control in these powerful weapons that have no other use but massive killing.A background check and limitations on how many bullets a magazine could carry are the right step in the right direction... we have to find a way feel safe again... that is way people can't buy missiles, granades or tanks... and that doesn't interfere with their 2nd amendment rights.Everytime you selfishly think about your need to own a weapon that has no use in any sports, just to prove that you can do whatever you want, you have children's blood in your hands!So stop the paranoia and really work with the rest of America to make our country a safe place to live again... and stop feeding your mind with radical ideas...NOBODY wants to take our rights away... that is just a lie.

A man with a gun has a high potential to be CRAZY.I don't understand the crying? Your rights are not being taken away. Background checks for gun owners is acceptable. Limits on magazine capacity just make common sense. How many shots do you need to take down an animal or intruder. More than 15? Well my friend you don't need more rounds,you need target practice. When they try to take guns away from all you will garner my full support but these small concessions in an attempt to stem gun violance seems acceptable to me.

why dont repulicans get it to allow anyone to, purchase a deadly weapon online and unchecked is was to risky to play.these games why not allow us to sell nuclear reactors or centrafuses ill tell you why because.the wrong people WILL have access to it and then we all know what the outcome will be

I've said it before and I'll say it again, arrest all conservative trash, put them in concentration camps on a deserted island, give them all the guns and ammo they want, and let them kill each other.  We could surely do without their hatred and idioticy.

finally there's a statesman in colorado.  he cares about the reckless spread of killing toys.  now, citizens and visitors alike can recreate there with less fear of getting killed at a theater or a mall. gunslingers, requiring more fire power, can go elsewhere for their "sport".

All you paranoid gun nuts who are the sheeple of the republican party stupidly spout mindless babble about how the dems want to take your guns away.Another twisted lie that shows your paranoid insecurities that you have no focus or understanding of pertinent issues.Your policies are antiquated,and are driven by tunnel vision.

People should not be murdered at the hands of semi automatic weapons that were easily purchased!! We have to register everything else in this country, so why not register guns so they can be easily tracked!! I believe in our 2nd amendment right, but DO NOT AGREE FOR PEOPLE TO HAVE ACCESS TO ASSAULT WEAPONS!! Innocent people get killed to easy for these. I guarantee you if someone in your family was brutually killed you would want that person prosecuted to the fullest extent, so don't arm people with these types of guns!!WAKE UP PEOPLE!!

You chuckleheads are funny. Using boycott threats like you were Jesse Jackson or something. I am a Coloradan and the bonus here is that I may get an Elk tag this year. They usually get snapped up for out of state dikheads. WooHoo!...

yeh right, more guns are the answer. we have more guns per person than any nation on the planet, how many more do we need?

Republicans do not like back ground checks because the Republicans want to give terrorist the ability to buy guns at any gun store.

machine guns were restricted back in the 1930s , when was the last time you heard of anyone being killed or hurt by one ?  HELL yes I support the new lawsWe will have an assault weapons ban, we will have a limit on magazine capacity, we will have stronger background checks.  Accept it, gun nuts, accept it.

Once we have an assault weapons ban and pick up all the assault weapons out there, we will have far fewer deaths by madmen seeking to kill little children.

Let's hope the Colorado initiative spreads.  If you oppose background checks and limits on ammo, it means you have something to hide such as your mental state or your intent.

Nothing like the mear mention of any common sense legislation dealing with guns and all the lunatics who shouldn't have them jump on Yahoo to scream that the world is coming to an end. We don't let the mentally insane or felons do a lot of things is this country, HOW IS REQUIRING A BACKGROUND CHECK FOR ANYONE WHO BUYS A GUN INFRINGING ON A LAW ABIDING CITIZENS RIGHTS???????????????????

Barry, Harry, &amp; Moe (pelosi) said :   "FOOD STAMPS" .. Generates jobs!

COMCAST CABLE T.V. bill going UP? .. Perhaps it's because Comcast, which owns MSNBC, a political arm of the OBAMA Administration is giving FREE CABLE to Obama's"Career Welfare RATS". Comcast will admit this, BUT tell you they are paying for this, DESPITE ... their rates going UP!

GUN JUNKIE REHAB__Join now for free

gun restriction? what law has been passed or proposed that actually restricts guns?magazine size limits are not restricting gunsneither are universal background checks.there are no other measures passed so...wheres the gun restriction?

GNA__Gun Nuts Anonymous__Join now.__Supported by people all over America who don't like GUN NUTS.

No one needs assault rifles!!!15 round clip limit and background checks- sounds like common sense- those opposed must lack that characteristic

Inching closer to complete gun dismantlement! Nice! Littlet by little we need to chip away at this so called piece of paper amendment that people are being killed for? How stupid is that!? Guns are for cowards plain and simple. The nra has millions of gun nuts brain washed with fear! And now that same country that these so called patriots are so passionate about is restricting their guns! Ha ha how ironic!

Thank you Colorado for a good start, we need more and stricter laws !! Let's hope this spreads to all states, it's a great start, let's keep it moving !!

Common sense regulations on guns does not infringe on 2nd Amendment rights in the slightest.

Wow, I guess that some Colorado people can't hand down their cherished 30 round magazines to their children! What a shame!

Why not up the speed limit to 60 MPH in school zones in Colorado.  It makes about as much sense as being so vehemently opposed to these relatively small changes to the existing laws.  Too many paranoid right wing extremists as usual.

30 round magazines and semi automatic rifles for civilians?? Really?? That's just plain Goofy and y'all know it.

The claim that gun rules and regulations are unconstitutional is as ridiculous lie.  Problem is you people don't care what's in the Constitution, and what's not.

Buffalo Bill and Doc Holiday did not carry Bushmaster type assault weapons, not invented yet. Oh, then why are idiots upset their rights are being infringed? Automatic weapons, military style weapons, were not even in the imagination of rational thinkers when they were writing the constitution. Get real here.

RADICAL WING NUT TEABAGGING NRA (R)(E)(D)(N)(E)(C)(K)(S) aren't only a pernicious cancer on American society, but THEY are the REAL PUNK THUG (N)(I)(G)(G)(E)(R)(S). Yes folks THIS IS TRUE. They are absolutely NO DIFFERENT than your garden variety punk thug gang banger crack dealer in the F#*#ING HOOD. I've always found it quite amusing that these RACIST TURDS constantly refer to African Americans as (N)(I)(G)(G)(E)(R)(S), apes, and monkeys when THEY are the REAL SUB-HUMAN NEANDERTHALS. I also GUARANTEE that the majority of the WORTHLESS VACUOUS RODENTS who are leaving their asinine radical comments on here either own their guns ILLEGALLY (black market) or purchased them at gun shows where they weren't subjected to a background check of ANY kind. If the majority of these WING NUT WHACK-JOBS actually WERE subjected to a background check then there is NO F#*#ING WAY they would have been approved. Hopefully they'll all either shoot each other in the streets or die out and become extinct....REAL REAL SOON AND REAL REAL FAST...and if this doesn't happen automatically, then the rest of us "humans" need to MAKE IT F#*#ING HAPPEN.Is it safe to say that someone who leaves virulently racist comments about President Obama and his family, has a dead animal head mounted on their wall, and has fecal matter in their skull instead of a human brain is in all likelihood a TEABAGGING NRA WING-NUT INBRED (R)(E)(D)(N)(E)(C)(K)??...Yeah...I thought so.

Thank you Colorado Legislature for having the GUTS to stand up to the THUGS from the NRA!!

Why is banning one type of gun that no self-respecting hunter would ever use considered a threat to anyone.  Hopefully, peace will occur, rather than more tragedies.  It is sad, when you think about it, that our legislators when they finally make a moral decision (and there are far too few of them) people get upset.  Instead, the legislature should be praised!!

You should have to pass an IQ test to own a gun, just like an eye test to drive a car.

Destory your guns__We are tired of being afraid of of whats in your mind.__Yours truly, People with common sense

The NRA is finished in Colorado. theyre donw

Magpul, don't let the door hit you in the #$%$ on the way out!!

Guess 15 rounds aren’t enough for folks in Colorado they must be lousy shots.

For starters "protect us from Tyranny" is not in the 2nd Amendment, anywhere.  "Federalist papers" were just anonymous newspaper editorials, not law of any kind, ever.The words "Well Regulated" is!!!!  You can argue whatever fantasy interpretation you want, the words "well regulated" are a pretty poor argument that no regulations are allowed.

thank goodness for the democrats that have the guts to state and legislate what is RIGHT...you gun nuts are fools and polls NATIONWIDE now show YOU are now in the minority....get ready....your way of thinking is getting Colorodans and Americans killed buy the THOUSANDS every year and SMART people arent gonna take it anymore!!!This is so sad for gun addicts.

News Flash:  Conservatives are mostly old dried out senior citizens who will dying off here in a couple of years!! Haha, we win and we are the future!

Relax gun enthusiasts, you'll live. It just might take a little longer to buy your toys with the additional checks. As far as military assault type weapons, you don't need them living in the big city in modern society, if you still want one, go join the Army or Marines and volunteer for front line duty, I am sure you'll get one then.

Need bullets?  No background check or licensed dealer needed!  Be a patriot like the theater shooter James Holmes and buy yours online today!

I applaud Colorado for their efforts to stem the slaughter of innocents. I know that the gun cultists will scream loud and long, but this is an action whose time has come.

You really wanted to be safe? Then take away 2nd amendment. Be like Japan, even the local cops don't carry guns. No guns, what to defend self? Duh, anything you can find in house or outside. I don't mind bashing some robber's head to death.

The 2nd amendement should be eliminated...it has no place in 2013...it made sense 200 hundred years ago, but not today...unbelievable how some people are mentally stuck in the past, despite using PCs and mobile phones!

All you that are up in arms about certain gun control measures are getting way off the reservation . I have yet to hear anyone speak of a ban on hunting rifles or shotguns .Ihave yet to hear of anything that would directly affect ANY legal gunowner except mag limits .as far as back ground checks go. Unless you have a reason not to be allowed to own a gun where is the infringement??  For a bunch of root in tootin  gun singers you whine anawful lot ...

wait and see...some nut job gun rights activist will probably kill him!! gun people are CRAZY!!!

You GUN JUNKIES are Rocky Mountian High__Yours truly, Americans against getting that highOh well, can't make everyone happy.  The issue here isn't to win the hearts of "Billy Bob" the gun collector, it's to protect and save American lives by restricting these dangerous things.  Honestly, we should be banning handguns as well.

This is the best thing that has ever happen to American outside of PRESIDENT Obama's unemployment extensions and legalizing gay marriage!

Funny, after the shooting at Sandy Hook the petition to ban guns had the most votes of any petition!! Guess that means conservatives are now the minority! HooraY!

Conservatives will whine at every change.  Just accept that you lost the election losers.  Gay marriage, gun bans, better welfare for the poor, healthcare reform.  It's all going to happen so stop complaining because I'm enjoying watching you squirm.

Lol, I've got my bag of popcorn and my milk dudz and I'm enjoying every minute of all this.  I'm pro gay, pro gun control, and against rich people!! I'M IN HEAVEN!!

oh boy all the hicks out there must be mad as hell "You fixing to take my guns"

Guns can be regulated, it is allowed by the Constitution.

They are not taking away your precious guns.. they are just going back to pre-2004 laws.. the world didn't end in 94, when these laws were enacted..

Terry !,Sorry to tell you this but look at the size of NRA membership against the size of the entire United States adult population and you will see that they are a very very small minority. On second thought I'm glad to tell you.

Thank God we are finally getting rid of the GUNS