Seems to be the same in the United Kingdom(England), as it is here in te states. They keep using the word 'INVESTMENT' as though Gov'ts will get an income from throwing money at some project or other. Economic progress? It produces no dividends or interest payments from the money 'invested'. It's all bullcrap. Gov'ts invest in nothing. They throw money, from the taxpayers, at some program or other and call it an investment to encourage  others to go along with their goals. Bama Boy

in Britain the government can be seen wasting money drinking at pubs... Ours just does it in private at the White House.

britain should consider to seek compensation from george soros.his attempt to bankrupt bank of england.make law apply retrospectively.it was a crime .

too many darkies with little tar babies running around. build more jails.

So long term comes first.Cash away from day-to-day expenditure like fixing roads, the NHS, and stopping people from starving.How very Tory.

Clutching at straws comes to mind.

Like custers last stand.

Yes it is called unemployment.

stop foreign aid in two years 25 billion saved instead of 2.5 billion but thats to easy for muppets to work out

Quick, get this to the GOP. They will remember, they did the same for Reagan and Bush. It produces revenue in excess of the costs.College of William &amp; Mary, Thomas Jefferson Program in Public Policy, Williamsburg, Virginia -Report on the Economic Impact and Financing of Infrastructure SpendingIn the short-run, a dollar spent on infrastructure construction produces roughly double theinitial spending in ultimate economic output.Over a twenty-year period, generalized ‘public investment’ generates an accumulated$3.21 of economic activity per $1.00 spent.Money spent on infrastructure does much more than just maintain current stock. The effects of that spending multiply as they ripple throughout the economy, stimulating growth and output in other sectors, and ultimately return substantial tax revenue to the government.