I truly hope that Pope Francis has the courage to do God's work rather than follow the path of least resistance.

He's only a man.

We must never forget that all religious leaders - those of every stripe - are mere mortals, just like the rest of us.  Even Francis I is a sinner, just as are the rest of us, and he would be the first to admit it.

With all due respect to believers, there is almost a creepiness to this scene.

Italian politician Aldo Moro is a whole other thing interesting to read about.

What would Jesus do?  He wouldn't be carried on a gilded "throne," dressed in extravagant vestments, on the shoulders of his admirers.  Another sign of the priest-worship that has pervaded and continues to pervade the Church.  I'm a Catholic by the way.

Look at this picture of Pope pius being carried in that chair.  All "Self Imposed"  They create the persona and the power.  We buy into it.  INSANITY.  Even God wasn't carried in that fashion.  God was a man of humble means.  "Give a man power and see what happens"

Jesus was a simple man, poor even. What makes these popes, surrounded by opulence andrich trappings think they are in his place?

Do you worship him?

If there's truly a wave of reformist verve in the Vatican, theyneed to immediately appoint a fashion police - Holy Conehead!!!Jesus is ashamed of these guys.

No wonder some of them think they're God on earth.  Just look at the picture of manifestation of arrogance !

God want's us to be humble, loving, kind, considerate and most especially charitable. So far I have'nt seen a pope yet to display these trait's. Hopefully pope Francis will prove truly committed to do his work according to God's instructions, and be like Jesus.

Do you think Jesus would have all the "trappings" of wealth and privilege? I wonder what He thinks of the Pope-a?

. Look at that face. Who the hell they think they are?  An  Egyptian Pharaoh?   God  himself?  The papacy seems to be a denial of Jesus.

Would someone please reconcile for me the underlying humility of Christianity and the material onstentatiousness of the Vatican?

Well, I cannot judge.

What this AP hack fails to mention is that a main purpose of the sedia gestatoria wasn't to somehow just elevate His Holiness, but to allow him to be seen.  It's a real problem for the celebrants at St. Peter's nowadays.  Pope John XXIII wanted to give the guys hazard pay because he was so fat!  The royal 'we' is also nothing unusual; monarchs used it for thousands of years.  This guy's point is to somehow make it seem so outdated.  And so.  All in the slant one presents-

The Pope must think he is God on earth.

With the outfits they get to wear everyday is Halloween.  How I envy their colorful costumes.I love how people condem history.  I don't think the pope was doing anything out of the ordinary for the times.  I bet the AP didn't write a story poking fun at this back then.

Think that I like this guy.  Not sure why.

Pedro Botero sitting on the throne.

This new Pope is gracious and of the people...not arrogant like ALL of his predecessors.

The chair and the hat?  really?  When we was watching the ten commandments movie with Charle Heston the wicked Pharoah had a hat like that and his priests dressed like that.  They were carried around on chairs by slaves.  But they didnn't have a lexus.

Pope Paul 1 was found dead in his room by a nun.  My question is: What was the nun doing in his room?  Good question huh?   Sounds like the way Nelson Rockerfellar went out.

That picture shows what is really wrong with Catholic. While Jesus had to carry the cross and suffered, the pope dressed like King and carried by slaves (that is what it looks like, sorry).  Hope this new Pope changes things, but I doubt it.  I am sticking to be a protestant. I don't need this all glitzy stuff.

I'm sure he's going to be a very good Pope !

Unquestioning belief allows one to legitimise anything,

Just don't mention the foreshortened tenure of JPI, who was obviously assassinatedAhh The Pope... because every nonprofit needs someone to enjoy all the profits...

That photo of Pius XII puts me in mind of 2 Thessalonians chapter 2.

The catholic church, $173,000,000,000.00 business. Its amazing how much wealth organized religion can accumulate by preaching to words (JESUS CHRIST)

The veneration given to these men is an utter mockery of Christ.

Sure, the photo of the Pope being carried like a foppish noble on a chair was in 1978, but... really?Who could imagine anyone would agree to that? Especially when you consider that the Pope's supposed to be the prime spiritual head of a sect of the religion which stresses the humility, the non-materialism, and the simple wisdom of its founding philosopher and teacher.As the original story is told, there wasn't any gold on the cross that Jesus of Nazareth carried. His hat wasn't as elaborate either; he got a simple one which was made of thorns.

The Catholic Church is hilarious.  I like how they go against exactly what Jesus was about.  Nice gold throne!  Hahaha.

Also, in the article it is stated that it is the last picture of Paul the VI on the throne it is not.  It is the Great Pope of Pius the XII, it was Paul the VI that implemented what John 23rd started Vatican II.

I am not the biggest fan if the Catholic Church, but with over a billion members worldwide, I must acknowledge their considerable influence and hope for the best. Good luck to Pope Francis! I hope he holds firm in his commitment to austerity and service.

hey dorks, the chair thing is tradition don't fuss about it... why not question why the president has a 747, a helicopter and the car they call the "beast" while you're at it...

Pius Xll was the last pope I respected. This guy knew how to ROLL! I had hopes for Benedict, was hoping he'd bring back the Sedia Gestatoria at LEAST. But I guess he was too old and he just didn't have the chops. Had he emulated the old popes - like Pius Xll - he'd still be pope today. The old guys never left the Vatican - except to go on vacation. Benedict plum wore hisself out by trying to do like John Paul.They need to go back to the old days! You could respect the Church back then. At least the old popes weren't phonies. They did it like it was. Much respect, old dead popes.

Im not so sure the pope should be sitting on a throne. Shouldn't he be the same as every human. He is no prophet of the lord, is he?

Why are atheists even reading these articles? So they can get on the comments and belittle everyone who does believe in God as they sit there and think their non-belief is the only right way? If you don't believe in God or religion, why are you wasting your time???

What a show!

Members of a cult idolize the Pope, just like little monsters idolize lady gaga. It's all methodology in creating idolatry and closed minded biased loyalty.

Go figure! The Church is "wary" of a mainstream media which routinely digs up decades old photos and stories to defame it ...

''I agree, admiring the pope is a form of idolatry. Worship the one true God only.'' -- WHICH IS WHOM?

Sell off the opulence and donate the proceeds to the needy.....

Shouldn't he be on a jack as_?  I wonder what Jesus Christ is thinking when he looks down on all those who try to pretend to be Him.

Where in the Bible can you find infant baptism, confirmation, the mass, transubstantiation, celibate priests and nuns, confession to priests, last rites, purgatory, limbo, Mary sinless, Mary perpetual virgin, Mary assumed into heaven, Mary queen of heaven, praying to Mary and "saints", praying for the dead, one true church, papal infallibility, statues, rosary, penance, and the worst, the papacy itself.I'll tell you....NOWHERE.  The "church" intentionally omits the true 2nd commandment against graven images and doubles up the last one against coveting making 2 commandments out of one. This is because of the blatant idolatry of catholicism, it is intentional scriptural manipulation and an abomination to God. The "church" elevates man made traditions over the sovereign Word of God which Jesus openly condemned. The "church" has perverted the true Gospel of Christ which is salvation by Grace through faith in Christ alone into a works based theology. Catholicism is corrupt to the core and its very hierarchy is unbiblical. When you add in all the murder and torture along with rampant pedophilia what do you get? One true church? Hardly.we are built on JESUS CHRIST not peter

He's so "giving and humble" according to Catholics, but they look past the fact that he's enjoying a multi-billion dollar estate of art, gold and expensive architecture.

What an evil empire......mortal men sitting on thrones of gold while so many of their members world wide suffer from lack of food and basic needs....makes me sick.

The Catholic church is archaic and has little relevance in the modern world except for the faithful who yield to mind control.Eventually people will wake up and realize they have been sold a bill of goods.We will probably never know the full extent of the abuse and corruption within the Catholic church,but there is enough evidence out there to indicate that they are not doing Gods work,but are using religion to shield  practices which most of us would condemn out of hand.

The reason why Paul VI reverted to being carried in at the end of his pontificate was that his arthritis almost crippled him.  Early on, he made a point of walking in on his own two feet.

Have you ever seen Queen Elizabeth II on her twice yearly (at the very least) visit to the Palace of St Stephen. Remember she, too, is the earthly Head of the worldwide Anglican Church. All this, too, is ceremonial ritual which is a link to the past. Personally, I agree that it is well past its sell-by date but, at least, much of this has been long given up in the Vatican but we are still awaiting for Buckingham Palace to do the same with its golden coaches, diamond encrusted crowns, and other paraphernalia. Watch out, too, for the splendour of the next Coronation in Westminster Abbey. In Spain, the kings have for centuries merely signed a document to accept their office.I would remind readers that, when the "Sedia Gestatoria" and its concomitant Flabella were abandoned, the workers who managed them were extremely angry and protested loudly and aggressively in St Peter's Square over the loss of their jobs. Everything is relative.I would also remind them that it was Judas Iscariot who berated Christ when he allowed his feet to be anointed instead of giving the money to the poor. And whatever happened to the gold, frankincense, and myrrh brought by the Magi ???Don't criticize others. "Go yourselves, sell whatever you have, give to the poor, and go follow Christ".

There was a thing called the Spanish Inquisition that pretty well discredited the Catholic Church. But Catholics don't want to talk about that, anymore than Germans want to talk about killing the Jews...It's called HISTORY, learn from it or repeat it.

Whom do they think they are ?

I think the media can falsely interpret Pope Francis if they are not careful to take in the full-depth of Catholic spirituality and thought. In Matthew 26, a poor woman anointed Jesus' feet with expensive ointment. Judas the Betrayer rebuked Jesus for not selling the ointment and giving the money to the poor. Jesus, in turn, rebuked him for his false humility. I see in the media and many of the comments here an attitude very similar to that of Judas.In other words, that throne upon which Pius XII and Pope Francis now sits, it's not for Jorge Mario Bergoglio. It's for the God who instituted the papacy in the first place, and for whom we ought to give our best and most beautiful. St. Jean Vianney wore a hair shirt and lived in poor simplicity, but he made sure that he wore the most beautiful garments and used the most beautiful chalice offer mass.

Change in the Vatican? A leopard does not change his spot neither does the Vatican. They may seem more humble, more likeable but they are the same, they are still pagan in belief and practice, they still want the power that they once had and are close in getting it back. The whole world wonders after her, world leaders seek her out and bow before her and kiss her ring. Whoever has the title of pope is the man of sin.Obama beats them all as far as the number of "I's" in his speeches.

Take a GOOD long look at that picture.  Now you know why I left Catholicism, and stopped following a mythical god in favor of a HIGHER POWER.

Christtalmighty~did someone forget he is not God?

So, if a Pope doesn't work with journalists, then the Pope is not effective? Only the journalists can spread the gospel and the Pope's thoughts and wishes? Without media, Catholicism is dead? Journalists aren't very self promoting, are they?

I'm surprised that Obama doesn't use that chair

Sounds like a great idea. We should carry Obama around like that so everyone can see him. We can get robes and a big crazy hat for him too.

Tiaras, portable chair carried by 12 men, hand kissing??  Sounds like a cult to me.  1.5 billion people believing a lie doesn't change the fact that it's still a lie.

Christ came on a donkey, ate with sinners, carried his belongings with him and would not let people crown him. Not even addressing the justification of Saint's we have enough evidence that this papacy and doctrine has been uprooted by corruption and heresy.

You'll be OK as long as you send us money.

This southern baptist country Boy wishes pope Francis congratulations  on being selected Pope although I understand he didn't want to be called on, But GOD does everything for a reason!I actually remember this - thought it was majestic the pinnacle of the priesthood!  What in the heck was I thinking?

sort of reminds us of we the american idiots who carry useless obummer everyday

Lets see, Airforce one, Marine One, Army one, Navy one, Presidential Bus, The Beast, Golf cart one. I bet Obama would like one of those chairs too. He would look so good on it waving to his adoring fools.

1513 Pope Leo X was exused for child molestation and Priest rapng girls. The Catholic Church picked it's Pope from the wealthy families such as the Medici and Conti as money ruled.  The Vatican once richer then Countries rules by the power of wealth.  Secret scandals held for 500 years until a Butler leaked the scandals with documents to prove it. Now the with Pope Benedict quickly resigned and pushed out a new Pope in hope people will be distracted. Benedict will work at the Vatican to try and keep the scandals a secret.  The Butler gave decades of crimes/scandals and so much more it could bring down the Vatican.

one thing that never changes over time are the rapes of children in the catholic church.

And that what Jesus would do, get carried on other shoulders!........... sorry, no offense  but that is arrogant, narcissist  and religiously embarrassing to all Catholics...

Popes get carried around on thrones, and ride around in pope-mobiles,Jesus rode on a donkey, or he walked.

The Holy Spirit brings change that is good. Most every catholic observance is in the flesh and outward appearance of adorning everything, pomp. Like I said, Christ came on a donkey and it takes the Holy Spirit to remove our ungodly will and replace it with his precious will and a real loving spirit. Churches all over the world profess to be "Gods Church" The Jehovah's witnesses, the Mormons, the Catholic Church. It comes down to who Christ is and why we put our trust in him. Justification, we trust Christ because of how he saved us, his righteousness is imputed to us through faith not by any man made event. our guilt is imputed to his account and his righteousness is imputed to our account. We are counted righteous because of his work. It is by faith in Christ who imputes this gift to us that we are justified before God. When you believe this truth you produce works that show your love of God is true. Every church produces works but are they the fruit of the gospel or are they fruit produced by their own merit? Satan transforms himself as an angel of light. The battle for truth is not with professing unbelievers it's with the professing religious leaders of our time. We are not trying to convince the world God exists but rather sharing with potential Saint's the real work of Christ!

well at least they are saving on gas

Hope nobody trips! Yikes!That picture shows what is really wrong with Catholic. While Jesus had to carry the cross and suffered, the pope dressed like King and carried by slaves  -- YES --- INDEED!!! -- THIS IS ANTI-CHRIST!!!

You might as well believe in the tooth fairy and the easter bunny as any of this religious drivel, after all they were all invented by man.

Grown men playing dress up and giving each other empty titles. Hahaha.

Although traditions can be good, not all can be taken into a new era bcuz depending on its content, some traditions are entrenched into the happenings of its days which doesnt apply to our modern world today

Come clean on the child molestation Catholic Church!

This extreme saturation of "Pope Dope" is not only annoying, but very boring. And, now Emporer Obozo is really #$%$ off because the Major Liberal Media is giving the new Pope so much ink, and ignoring him! Foot note: when you bow your head to pray, you DON'T need any agents between you and GOD, it's a direct mind link. Priests are just nosey perverts, bypass them.

The news media has a concept, perception, view of itself that are special and deserve special treatment above all. They have a very warped attitude, belief of themselves !

Sure is different than Jesus riding into Jerusalem on a donkey.

Sounds like a journalist's self important list of petty pet peeves.  Get over it.

Religions only institute any change when they think it will help them maintain their control over people but not relinquish it..The catholic cult!!!

What a charade. Based on myths and superstitions the minds from the dark ages march on.

A STROLL THROUGH POPE HISTORY.....................Formosus (891-96): “Nine months after his death, Formosus’ body was disinterred from the papal crypt and arraigned for trial before a ‘cadaveric’ council, at which Stephen [the new pope] presided. The deceased pope was accused of inordinate ambition for the papal office and all his acts were declared invalid. . . . The corpse was stripped of pontifical robes; the fingers of the right hand were amputated.”—New Catholic Encyclopedia.Stephen VI (896-97): “Within a few months [of the trial of Formosus’ corpse] a violent reaction ended the pontificate of Pope Stephen; he was deprived of the pontifical insignia, imprisoned, and strangled.”—New Catholic Encyclopedia.Sergius III (904-11): “His two immediate predecessors . . . were strangled in prison. . . . In Rome he was supported by the Theophylactus family, by one of whose daughters, Marozia, he is supposed to have had a son (later Pope John XI).”—New Catholic Encyclopedia.Stephen VII (928-31): “In the last years of his pontificate, Pope John X . . . had incurred the wrath of Marozia, the Donna Senatrix of Rome, and had been imprisoned and assassinated. Marozia then conferred the papacy on Pope Leo VI, who died after 6 1/2 months in office. Stephen VII succeeded him, probably through the influence of Marozia. . . . During his 2 years as Pope, he was powerless under the domination of Marozia.”—New Catholic Encyclopedia.John XI (931-35): “Upon the death of Stephen VII . . . , Marozia, of the House of Theophylactus, obtained the papacy for her son John, a youth in his early 20s. . . . As pope, John was dominated by his mother.”—New Catholic Encyclopedia.John XII (955-64): “He was hardly eighteen, and contemporary reports agree about his disinterest in spiritual things, addiction to boorish pleasures, and uninhibitedly debauched life.”—The Oxford Dictionary of Popes.Benedict IX (1032-44; 1045; 1047-48): “He was notorious for selling the papacy to his godfather and then subsequently reclaiming the office twice.”—The New Encyclopædia Britannica.

Seigneur, faites de moi un instrument de votre paix. Là où il y a de la haine, que je mette l'amour. Là où il y a l'offense, que je mette le pardon. Là où il y a la discorde, que je mette l'union. Là où il y a l'erreur, que je mette la vérité. Là où il y a le doute, que je mette la foi. Là où il y a le désespoir, que je mette l'espérance. Là où il y a les ténèbres, que je mette votre lumière. Là où il y a la tristesse, que je mette la joie. Ô Maître, que je ne cherche pas tant à être consolé qu'à consoler, à être compris qu'à comprendre, à être aimé qu'à aimer, car c'est en donnant qu'on reçoit, c'est en s'oubliant qu'on trouve, c'est en pardonnant qu'on est pardonné, c'est en mourant qu'on ressuscite à l'éternelle vie.

The whole world is sick of all Priest Perverts.

I am very disappointed in everyone covering the Catholic Church.  I am a Catholic and very proud of being a Catholic.  I am proud of the traditions of the Church and the religion itself.  Again, like pointed out before.  Everyone needs to realize that the church is made up of priests, bishops, cardinals, and Pope that are human.  If they err it it is not the fault of the institution and its teachings, it is that man has fallen and made a terrible choice.  Again, not excusing those that have hurt children.  However, why is the Catholic Church held over the coals so much, why do you not scrutinize other religions like you do ours.  I loved the way the church was before Vatican II.  Everyone wants the Pope and the church to modernize.  It will never happen because our religion is taught on the teachings of Jesus Christ.  Even now Vatican II to a point has hurt the church as it has not managed to teach the Catholic faith as needed, it watered it down and as a result many young Catholics do not know their faith. This is my humble opinion.  The mass of the priest facing the people has not been effective either because it has taken away from the traditional mass which was a prayer to God and a focus on God.  That is my humble opinion.  The result was Vatican II relaxed the teachings of the Catholic Church which now how resulted in people not knowing their faith opening up the church to more critics to criticize the church.  It has resulted in the loss of attention at mass and the reverence for God in the Eucharist.  It again is my humble prayer that this pope will return to the traditional roots of the church with its beauty of the use of Latin which will truly make the church universal.  Remember it is human errors that have hurt the Catholic church, but let us not forget other religions too have made mistakes but no one scrutinizes them like the Catholic Church.  The Catholic Church which was founded by Christ will survive all criticisms and will continue as promised by Christ. It is an institution that teaches Jesus teachings which will never change even with a new pope.  This is the same church founded by Peter the Apostle the first pope appointed by Jesus himself.  Not even the Cardinals or Pope can change the teachings of the one Holy Catholic Apostolic Church, a church that will never conform or become secular which is why so many people want to criticize it.

i would bet god rolls his eyes and laughs at all the trappings of the dopes i mean popes

Most Popes were experts at BURNING PEOPLE ALIVE at the stake.

There's NO SUCH THING AS RELIGION. Jesus came to do AWAY with religion. He came to "fulfill" the law. He NEVER denounced Judaism, He denounced the people ( Jewish Leaders) who refused to believe he was the Messiah. The very things that the Catholic "Religion" does is EXACTLY what Jesus said NOT to do. " Call NO man your Father" Jesus said. Yet they call the Pope Father. NO man is Holy Jesus said. Let him that is without sin cast the first stone. Yet the Catholics call a human being "Holy Father". This is so hard on us who are TRUE Christians.

Is he above you and i , Just askingWhat a fine example of someone trying to do good in the World, not by his words but by his previous years as a priest in Argentina. May God grant him good health to do his calling for many years to come.

Everyone calls it "the church".  Misnomer.  It is NOT a church.  It is one of the oldest continuous cults on the planet and it will lead up to the anti-Christ.  They've been working at it for almost 1700 years now.

So much attention to the Pope.  What happened to Jesus in all this?Mathew 4:10 - Jesus said to him, "Away from me, Satan! For it is written: 'Worship the Lord your God, and serve him only.' "

hahaha... that picture surely brought out the worms... lol

Let our new pope Francis 1, do our Lord's job with lot of courgment. "may the Lord Bless you"

As a life long Catholic, I am embarrassed by all the "royalness" some officials of the church display. They are just regular humans who choose religion as their profession.I graduated with two guys who became priest and while they performed their duties respectfully, when they were off duty, they were just normal guys who would play basketball and have a few beers watching a game on a Sunday afternoon.Never molested any kids and were still respected by most church members.

Catholic Church lost its legitimacy years ago.....but protestants are no better.....God moves through the lives of ordinary men and women, regardless of race, lifestyle, or any bloated unrealistic CHURCH DOGMA...I'm not gay but I'll bet Jesus would have marched in gay  pride parade...not to support their lifestyle, rather their humanity....

Didn't take long for all the ignorant, uneducated, prejudice bigots with their bias criticisms with hateful racial overtones to hit Yahoo with their comments listed by hateful commentators !

do you realize how absurd this photo is his kind of stuff probably happened in ancient rome this is what jesus taught !!!!!!!!! what do you think that garb he had on cost him! you could buy a new car for cash!!!!!!!!!!!!  dont give them any money they will eventually have to go out of business!!!!!!!!!!

Not to sound cliche but what's wrong with this picture. Pius12 was one of the most evil personas in history.Why doesn't anyone ever discuss the dark ages, when these popes were allowed to govern?  When they dragged people out of their houses and burned them to death for being heretics?  They still wear the same huge golden crowns and jewels, why not discuss how horrifically they used to treat people and how corrupt they were?  Now, pedophilia runs rampant.  I guess its easy to ignore the bloody, corrupt, hypocritical history of these people because we like pomp and circumstance.  Worshiping The pope is idolatry.  He's no more important or "holy" than the "least of these".  Seriously, The pope needs to reform by announcing its all a sham.

I am a Muslim, but I have spent about 14 years of my learning in a missionary school. This dramatic extravagance is contrary to the biblical teachings. These self-claimed religious people are more like chief executive officers of a vicious financial (worldly) / for profit organization. I think the amount they spend on their shoes, clothes, food, and housing can feed a lot of poor people and put to a better use. I have known several Christians who practice religion as ordained by God - they are humble and down to earth people - most of them move on unnoticed.

a jesuit as pope? HUGE mistake.

But Pope Benedict was correct and right for Islam has only created bloody murders of innocents throughout the world ! Everyday that so called satanic religion murders 40 to 50 innocent in cold blood !

With all mistakes.. With all acusations in the comments ...with all the siners in it ,with all persecutions in history,theCatholic Church ,have been the one more close  to Christ...And was first before sects,, protestantism ,,,ect....

Jesus went on a donkey passing the streets of Gerusalem!He came on Earth to preach the good news of God's Kingdom!He made his father's name known to others,to those that wanted to except him!Never and never THE GREATEST MAN THAT HAVE EVER WALKED ON EARTH,was on a throne man made thing,but because he obeyed his father's law and gave his precouise life for humanity,he was given a mighty throne in heaven a much better one than that made of humans!Jesus is on the right hand of GOD JAHWEH!

Actually, it was John Paul I who did away with the royal 'we'. The Vatican changed it, but if you listen to him speak, he says, I.

Idolatry.

Not Paul VI in above picture.  It is Pius XII.

The leaders of non-catholic christian denominations are smarter... They PRETEND to be average people of modest means while they rip millions off their gullible followers...So, is it possible that Gods chosen one on earth actually goes to the lavatory, or are these mundane needs confined to the un-annointed  ??

what a joke religion

A picture is worth a thousand words,  and the catholics can't figure out what's wrong with the church! Idol worship, false prophet, vatican bank, sexual abuse and all in the name of GOD!

They want young people to return to the church ... then turn around and elect a pope in his 70's?

WHAT??? -- No ''BIG ARTICLE'' on This Clown's 3rd Day as The Catolic Grand Puba???

I pray that Pope Francis will stay strong for all the things that lays ahead.

And Jesus rode in on a Donkey !!

I would enjoy viewing again ; like the photos of Pope Pius XII and Pope John XXIII ; solemn, colorful, pageantry to escape the daily horror stories from the news media of innocents being murdered by Muslim terrorists, innocents being murdered in cold blood at a theater in Aurora Colorado by some nut running around in a red wig, innocent babes being murdered in Connecticut by another nut, corrupt worthless, useless, do nothing, expensive, over paid politicians, Afgan war and Iraq war, constant threats from some crack pot governments like North Korea, Iran of atomic developments so they can bomb a innocent country ! High School football players raping a 16 year old girl !Also, I never hear U.S. Americans singing as I use to; which is a sign of joy and happiness; I hear anger and profanity constantly . When I go to other countries I hear people singing all the time but not in the United States. Sign that U.S. American society is very unhappy, dismal, joyless, forgot how to love and enjoy life !

Jesus walked everywhere He went, possessing only the clothes He wore on His back. He arrived humbly in Jerusalem on a donkey's colt... yet the Popes who claim to emulate Him own a throne, are dressed in royal robes, have people kiss their ring.... Jesus was the example of humility and humbleness and the Popes are the example of pompousness and arrogance.....

From reading these comments, it's evident that haters just gotta hate.  Shame.what should I do to enter into the kingdom of God........................?

pretty much everything people believe to be "The Truth" is all hearsay.

i will never be angry with the recent popes for all these royal trappings because it was already there even before they assume the papacy,and the papas were doing their best to get rid of the unnecessary trappings. the church will simplify,just be patient.

The news media has the personal concept that are privileged, above all, their turds do not stink. The news media has a very warped concept of themselves and mission!

Sounds like the news media expects to have their #$%$ kissed !

May God be with and lead Pope Francis!

The press or news media feel they are special and have to be treated that way. All attention to the news media. This is a false impression that the news media holds of itself ! They are no better than the rest of us and should perform their job without attempting to control events, matters, insanely critical , sadistic, obsessed, fixated on destruction of events, personalities they are suppose to be reporting on.This report is biased, prejudice, bigoted, racial as most news media reports ! The news media needs to clean up their act before someone or something does it for them !

the last good pope was john XXIII. after he died, the traditional church was abandoned and it went downhill from there.

The kiss of the ring. The shoes. The gold and Silver. The ceremonies, the pomp and circumstance of it all.  And Jesus rode a donkey and personally fed the poor.

All religions are purely evil and dangerously destructive, completely based on delusions and hallucinations. Intentionally created by man for the control and subjugation his fellow man.God himself told me so!The Vatican is like an evil circus.

No Obama doesn't need the chair he already has I whole bunch of ego centered radicals adoring him like some kind of God. at least the Pope is trying to represent God. Obamauses Gods prayer when tragedy strike in the country and of course he expects a quick answer or a cheap solution . "My fellow Americans my prayers go out to them" who is he praying to I always wonder.

everybody know JESUS CHRIST  is the foundation the church was built on

HE'S THE GUY !

Not much said about Pope Pius XII; the most fascist of Popes, and a staunch supporter and collaborator of the Nazi regime.

Not many of the true prophets in the old days were idolize  this much. Many went through hard ship. People need to reread the bible and start understanding it! Abraham, Moses, Joseph, Jesus the list goes on and on. These were true men of God and no one will compare to them. This pope stuff and idolizing the pope, needs to be taken down a bit. God knows if we are good, so there's no need to idolize the fact.

Though shall have no false idols before meAnd these charlatans sit on gilded thrones in robes of the finest material on earth and expect to have their ring kissedNothing Christlike about this behavior

I'm sure that Jesus did not envision these men draped in rich expensive wear and shoes being carried around like Cleopatra.

JESUS CHRIST is my ROCK JESUS CHRIST is my pope

May Obama borrow the portable throne since no one's using it...??Idolatry. Look at that Throne. So many ancient religions followed this same processional entrance as the King's and Leaders were considered as Gods - the catholic church is no different - the Pope is "The representative of God on earth". Idolatry.

Look up Jesuit order, Black Pope, Knights of Malta.

Go to google news and type in Vatican Cash Only and you will see multiple sources of information from reputable news organizations discussing the money laundering of the Vatican and how they are now using cash only transactions (which is much easier to hide - more difficult to track).

I enjoy and like the photo's of Pius XII and John XXIII . It would be wonderful for once to view the solemn, sensational, colorful view of pageantry again than only football games and tasteless corrupt expensive  politicians, soap operas and hillbilly music !

Catholicisim is utter absurdity.

In my view God, is unconditional love and somehow non of these popes fit the idea.

Funny how reporters forget they may think they work hard or tirelessly especially during special events good or bad like a papal change but they never work as hard as the poor living on the streets trying to work for scraps let alone bit salaries reporters and branded highlining personalities cover the events do. Even those reporting on war have it better then those poor or actually in the war. Another things funny is that especialy here in America but around the world even the poor are better off then the bulk of africa or India. Its good to be poor in american then anything in Somalia.

Are you not  tired of old mens show. Why don't you just watch miss Universe pageant, that is more interesting. Want to be with God?" Read the Bible! , " Moron!"

It's actually kind of a difficult question with regards to how "extravagant" the pope should be in public appearance. On one hand, people want to see their symbol and tradition all dressed up and putting on a show, on the other hand, yeah, that would be the opposite of humility, which is what is desired in a leader by modern standards. But really whatever makes the people happy is fine. As with Monarchy, the Vatican, and all its glory, only exists and survives to satiate the people who wants the tradition to keep going, they should always keep in mind with that.

Does the Pope poop in the woods?HA HA HA HA HA!!!!! What a ridiculous picture - a cross dressing figurehead of a murdering, pedophile, child abusing organization. Being carried by a bunch of blind followers (or they were blackmailed). How completely stupid and comical. There needs to be a cure found for the common catholic.

Nothing has changed. Only the top people have changed to keep the innocent from testifying to the sexual abuse.

I hate to say it again but they are CLOWNS, BUFFONS. Real men would never wear clown costumes like they do. And participate in a farce, splapstick knowing is devilish, in order to live in luxury.

This is what the cult of Organized Religion has wrought.

We have Constantine's conversion and the Roman Empire to thank for all these trappings and, of course, the additional superstitions of the Middle Ages.  He is simply the bishop of Rome, nothing more, nothing less.  Why not a greater sense of collegiality among bishops?

There can be no change until people change! It's simple to think, but look at the Catholic church. People are fleeing and it isn't because they just feel like it - with the sex abuse scandals, it's not going to be easy. So it makes total sense to have the same type of person........ *facepalm.*

Critique of photo: Pope Puis XII in 1958 says: This Chair of Peter was stolen from my True Predecessor and given to a demonic gluttonous hissy fit throwing masonic secret operative  named "roncalli" AKA anti-pope john xxiii in 1958.Full sto ry onl ine. Todays Catholic World.

Historian Barbara W. Tuchman points out that Sixtus IV introduced a period of “unabashed, unconcealed, relentless pursuit of personal gain and power politics.” He shocked public opinion by his open nepotism.Badly in need of funds for the building of the now famous Sistine Chapel, Pope Sixtus resorted to the sale of indulgences for the dead. These indulgences were immensely popular. The book Vicars of Christ—The Dark Side of the Papacy states: “Widows and widowers, bereaved parents spent their all trying to get their loved ones out of Purgatory.” Indulgences were welcomed by the common people, who fully believed that the pope could guarantee that their dead loved ones would go to heaven.    Shameful!

i want to tell you catholics something peter was never a pope never read the GOD breathed word and show me were peter was ever carried or bowed too or anything show me you can not because peter would not stand for it  what a joke religion

The Jesuit Fordham University professor, John L. McKenzie, in his book The Roman Catholic Church (1969), states: “The corruption of the papal court under unworthy men approaches the incredible. . The adventurers and bandits who were elected to the papacy had no interest in affirming spiritual leadership of any kind.”—Page 15How disgusting is the Catholic Church?   They have no shame,  their day distruction can't come soon enough, they are false religion at it's best,

they need to get rid of all this vatican #$%$. who the hell is the pope or the cathlic think they are anyway? no religion should have that much power and have the last say anything. no relegion is better then another. jesus was poor, why are these people living in such luxury?

The pope is nothing more than a blinged-out sheeple herder.

Pope, do what Jesus would do.

He kind of reminds me the persian king from the movie 300.

that picture looks evil as hell.....If I was told it was some satanist ritual I wouldn't be surprised

May the Holy Spirit and St. Francis guide and inspire the pope in a world so full of hate and self- absorption as evidenced in so many of the nasty and unfounded comments below.

Pope Francis I is a radically different man - exactly what our Church needs.  Just as St. Francis of Assisi was directed by God to "God and repair my church...", Pope Francis I has the same mission.  Given his background, he's the man for the job.

When will people ever learn? Just look at all the cult worshipers. Catholics, Muslims, Mormons, Scientology, Hindus, Christians and whoever else I left out that follows and believes in stone age mythologies. Grow up and enter the 21st century. If you have to have religion in order to live your life you have already wasted it. You do not need religion to be moral according to society. Follow these rules for a happy, healthy life and for others around you.1. Do No Harm. 2. Live and Let Live. 3. Be Fair. When you really think about it these simple rules cover just about every aspect of your life. It does not mean you have to walk around with your head in the clouds it just means that you take personal responsibility for your life and actions while you have a life and make it as good as you can. You know this earth could be an absolute paradise if everyone followed these rules and quit being so greedy, selfish and judgmental. All religion is about power. Wake up. The world and mankind can get along just fine without religion.

There is a reason that the catholic church does not want abortions or contraceptives or any other type of birth control. They always need new fools to be born to the old fools who follow these crooks and scammers. They always want more and more new stupid fools to scam out of their money.If Francis gets rid of the silk robes and dresses like a man of the 21st Century, he will gain the respect of millions.

لیلا قاسمی ؟؟؟؟liela ???

A stroll through 4 papacies should be called A Stroll through Child rape and how to get away with it.

A phony Pope and a phony religion based on fictional accounts of the bible, written bywho knows whom? Was there a literate wino, an early-day purse snatcher, a lifelong criminal? Who wrote it? We'll never know, but don't put your money it being true.

The Pope, wearing a fabulous vintage chiffon-lined Dior gold lame gownover a silk Vera Wang empire waist tulle cocktail dress,accessorized with a three-foot House of Whoville hat andthe ruby slippers Judy Garland wore in the Wizard of Oz, on his way to tell us it's   Wrong  to be Gay

Gross!!!! Patriarchal child molesting drag queens!!!

SO there I was, loping for the Dali, long flowing robe, very striking and I says "Hey how about a little something for the effort...

Question? Are there any Black Bishops or Cardinals?

The most satanic and sinister men who have ever lived.

look at this man being carried around like GOD makes me sick to my stomach biggest false man made religion ever knownHe is not GOD all he is a man I would never kiss his feet and #$%$ people do for this FOOL. a man on a throne sounds like they need to read the bible. You tell me how this is has anything to do with my soul. also envy no man!

The Sedia gestatoria is a tribute to the greatness of Christendom. A true Christ believer would be proud to be carried on it. It's no different than carrying a flag representing one's country. In this case it is relevant regard for the greatness of Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. One should not be ashamed to stand high in honor of his name..Pope John Paull II, whose ancestry on his mother's side is Jewish, used the Spaniard of Jewish descent Joaquin Navarro-Walls, to run his affairs.

someone needs to knock him off his little thrown only GOD gets that honor and glory  not a man

Has long has my younger brother is ill with depression and szchoprehenia I will never attend another catholic mass.  The priest who did it was just moved to another church 15 miles away.  Not to mention the church refuses to pay for his psychologist and psychiatrist bills because their psychologist said he was born with it.  But they would only evaluate my brother with their psychologist so that tells me they knew the priest did it.  I already have our psychologist say the priest did something to him and he has never been affliated with the catholic church.  It is easy for the church to pay psychologist and psychiatrist off to make sure the church wasn't at fault.  Makes it easier when they pick psychologist, etc. who are catholic and loyal to the church.

So Christians worship Popes? Is that it?

roman religion are the pharisees

Would Jesus dress like that or satan?

The originator of the indulgence.  For a price, of course.  Makes me puke just thinking about these trolls.

I, too, am struck by the fact that while drawings of Jesus depict him eye-to-eye with the masses, while a photo of a pope elevates him above the masses.  The pope's view does not change regardless of his name.

This picture makes me sick!!i would have tipped the chair over. no damn sturdiness what so ever.

Disgusting!!! and Unacceptable!!!

These changes are really cosmetic. Here is a website that explores the concordats that the Holy See has with various governments. Students of history will discover why the Church seems to side with Fascists in many countries including Germany, Italy, Spain and the last was the dirty little war in Argentina.  Watch and see if any changes are happening in these core areas. Since Yahoo does not allow links, I have made changes so the Yahoo censor will accept the information.wwwDOTconcordatwatchDOTeu/showsiteDOTphp?org_id=843Here is a quote by John Paul II on what is Natural Law. "It always has been the conviction of the church that God gave man the ability to arrive, with the light of his reason, at an understanding of the fundamental truths about his life and his destiny and, concretely, at the norms of correct action."Now after exploring the Concordat page ask yourself, "Is this morally right?"  I will let the reader decide.

The true word of a free loader"

The pope wears a post hole digger.

now come we know thats peters old chair what a joke and slap in the face to peter

People in the comments have forfoten the911,,the suicide bombers,,the car bombs,,the war in Syria,,The Muslims Brotherhood,,And the women and children in the refgee camp in Syria...and all the  Islamic terrorism,,and the Castrocommunism in America..via Cuba  and Venezuela...The worst is The Catholic Church and the Pope ..today......

The pope is valuable because people can go on telling God to go #$%$ himself, as long as they adore the pope instead.

all religion is good if you do it ,but almost always does not happenJesus , love them as they are  / Mohammad , always think people might be WrightMohammad, Jesus, Moses teach the same as Persian Prophet called Zartosht , he said 6000 year ago , Think Good, Do Good, Say good.Persia (Iran), brought, civilization, God, language(alphabet changed 2000 years ago by Greek,( so we are speaking Iranian with accent),food, poem and much morePersian university was place of knowledge long time ago before the EuropeanIn Islam, Moses and Jesus are messengers of God,that is why is less prejudiceIran (Persia) for thousands of year was land of knowledge and freedom for all people Jews, Arabs, Christians

What a joke! These circus clowns get lugged around on thrones and live in a lap of luxury. While millions of children go hungry. Fuqk him and the chair he rode in on.The Catholic Church is Babylonian. Just look at his clothes for proof, and that Dagon fish hat. Look it up.

He is 76.  Once again an old white man will tell all the faith how to live in the old ways. Thats what I loved about JohnPaul II he was young. The young loved him, he was fearless. He stared down the mouth of the Russian Army and THEY BACKED DOWN. Bless JPII

i wonder how many vain popes reside in the lowest level of dante,s inferno?

That picture is too f'n funny. the pope thinks he's a Pharaoh. lol

only a man in a dress who takes a fictional story / myth for real lol what kind of technology / science / math / physics did they have 2000 years ago compared to i dunno today lol the human species is a sad sight all the dumb people lol

In times of Jessus things were diferent , and a donkey was used...What else they had....Like Black propaganda said....Look how many inventions have the president at hand....How come you are going to see a priest,,bishop, or Cardinal  coming on a donkey.......

Go to all the corners of the earth and preach the GOSPEL (good news). The 4 PAPACY is all about that (EVANGELIZATION). 4 corners of the world includes everybody, Buddhist, hindus, Jews, Muslims and ETC. Martin Luther failed in that but instead created 38,000 denominations who are all doing their OWN thing trying to evangelized each other instead of going to all 4 corners of the earth. COOPERATION is lacking with mother church.

Black Propaganda ...what a truth you  have said...Is there any Democrat  saying  you lie....

Religion (any religion) has always been all about world domination. So how can you dominate the world wearing simple clothes of Jesus? And one who dominates the world is the world's emperor, so a world emperor has to dress like a king and sit on a throne and being carried like a king and all the luxuries and ornaments a king normally decorates himself with. And a Pope is meant to be the ruler of the world, the emperor of the whole world, and not just the West, the whole world. This has always been the main goal of Vatican, to rule the world and making Vatican as the center of the world. All religions aim for that. Religion is the same old passion of the global domination since the ancient time. And religious leader have always legitimized and justified their world dominating intention by their God's words and claiming their God wants and helps them to rule the world. Same old human instinct of domination manifesting itself in many different ways, high or low. And if Jesus wanted all the nations of the world to convert to his religion, then Jesus himself wanted to be the world emperor, the king of kings, as it's mentioned in the Bible. So had Jesus succeed to do that and not been crucified, maybe towards the end of his life for sure Jesus would have dressed like an emperor, with thrones, jewels, king's robe and palaces, and his slaves would have carried him on their shoulders. This is it folks, we can never be other than what we are, human. And Jesus was a human too, no matter what you all believe about him. So is the Pope, he is a human too, and he too wishes unconsciously/consciously to rule the world like an emperor, and maybe like God himself. After all you all believe we're "created in God's image", huh? So we humans based on your belief and text must be God himself, huh? lol,.. Worthless, weak, insignificant, tiny, invisible humans have always thought they are "God". lol.. Jesus!!!

Yeah, the guy in the pick with the Gold, and the flowing robe looks like a real humble dude. Probably more humble than Jesus....who WALKED amongst his disciples. Unlike these guys who are carried above the heads of them. I wonder what HeyZeus would think if he were in that crowd?Is it just me or didn't many Old Testament Kings which some were also prophets also sit on a throne, wear a crown, etc. The Throne of David comes to mind! Why don't all of you set the example and live in the slums with the poorest of the poor, the sickest of the sick, etc?? Hypocrites!!!!!!!

NEWS HEADLINE: Pope abducted by UFO!

ok the party over go the #$%$ home so i can get some sleep , you got your pope.....

Back in the days them folks had em the type a pope that looked like a real McCoy pope. Boy you wouldn't want to mess with them guys.