"It's too early to say what the pilot's role was in the escape."  I'm betting he was the one who flew the helicopter.

Wasn't this done in a Charles Bronson movie?

Hmmmm. Canadian cops managed to capture them alive. Without burning the cabin down?

Wow...to try to escape from prison in broad daylight using a helicopter...they have some balls!! They were bold and brazen..

Whoever smuggled the helicopter into the prison is damn good, David Copperfield good!

The inmates hijacked a helicopter, led police in a car chase and exchanged gunfire.............all of this action in less than one paragaph.....what was the rest of the afternoon like?

They can't even tell us what they were in for??

This has happened in Mexico several times.

so i guess the coop....

So far none of these prisons have Stinger missiles on hand.Police officials have the area baited with Cheez Whiz and beer in hopes of trapping the escapees.

I love it when a plan comes together

But they got caught so how great an escape was it when all is said and done?

they were captured alive and well. Did you see that did you see. They were not burn,fired upon just place in jail again. This is for real.

Reading an updated story today that is not on Yahoo yet. The helicopter was highjacked by 2 coharts  and then the fled in a car and shot at the police. Now how did they pass a background check when they had only escaped from jail less than 24hrs earlier. Just goes to show that "When guns are outlawed only outlaws will have guns"

Next time rent helicopter? then have a submarine waiting for  you and go to the Bahamas. Just a dream.

Call me crazy, but shouldn't there be some kinda rule about not parking escape vehicles in the inmate areas?

Up, up, and away, only to add more time to their stay.

If this had happened in the U.S. they woudl have scrambled and F-16 and shot the chopper down.

I am shocked that this has happened more than one time to other prisons in other countries and a couple breakouts were successful!So just put them back in prison..... HOW ABOUT A GOOD OL' FASHION HANGING???

A helicopter?!?!? Really???? Talk about getting yourself noticed lol.

Creative but it sounds like this method doesn't have a high rate of success. At least they'll have something exciting to talk about when they return to their cell block.

I say this in the spirit of friendly competition with our friends to the north. We must devise a way that our prisoners can make a more dramatic escape.

Can you say payoff?

Escape From Montreal, starring Kurt Russell

A couple of 1/2 inch steel cables strung up across the yard would take care of that problem.

The Pilot is an important witness?????????????????????????????????????????? Really!

So two idiots planned this caper to get their pals out of prison, now they're going in too, genius.

While making a dough-nut delivery to the guard room, the pilot accidentally left the engine running.Well that work out good, bubba joe:)

BRAVO !!!

This is nothing. In one of the USSR's a criminal managed to build an airplane in one night on the roof of the prison. The plane was equipped with the chain saw engine! He took off and flew for 25 km into a forest. They found the plane, but nobody ever found him!

Can't say much for the security.Fly in and fly off.I would fire the warden and his staff.

Would have been easier to let the suspects enter the cabin then burn it down.  The only manpower needed at that point is to figure out which bones belonged to which suspect.

There are things you can learn from a movie.

pretty cool.....saw this in a movie once, didn't know it could really work. hope someone filmed it! pilot in shock.yeah right!

Several people actually sat down, talked about this, and said "That's a great idea!".

wow one of the best attempted escapes in a while

there are no security measures in place. How about a guard tower and rifles. they would have been shot before they got to the rope.Charles Bronson

I bet getting the chopper cost them at least 2 cartons of smokes!

That's more exciting then anything Hollywood has put out in over fifteen years.

Don't they have guards in towers with guns?

There are a good number of prison breaks, but the planning seems to end there. You also need a plan for once you are outside of the wall. Like maybe fly the helicopter in a direction that doesn't allow them to follow you in a car. You have more time to plan that part now.

And that's why you don't let prisoners watch action movies.

Oh boy excitement

They're creative, at least.  Boldly foolish.

Movies in real life.If it is not impossible, it can happen.

HOW do you get caught AFTER you successfully flee in a helicopter??  These have to be the stupidest criminals aliveMaybe they should stop showing spy films. These guys were acting out a Bond film...

you got to like these guys they gave it their best shot if  I was in jail every waking moment would be dedicated to plotting my escape wouldnt matter where i was I would escape I would observe wait plot they would make one mistake and I WOULD BE HISTORY! like hannibal said when crossing the mountains we will find a way or make one!!!!!!!  and im really good at it learned in high school how to sneak out they never even knew I existed !!

I hate to be the one to report this.....but they make everyone wear prison clothes, and yes they really won't let you be.... As for putting him in jail for nothing, well thats where a good lawyer comes in handy.

second chopper getaway in three years?  Keep trying Vassilis , practice makes perfect.

Grand Theft Auto Canada

So prison is worse than living in Canada?

Now, how did they get firearms with those strict gun control laws in Canada ?

A "daring helicopter jail break," eh. "Take off hoser; no you take off eh." (Doug and Bob McKenzie, Strange Brew) They both took off, must have needed a case of Elsinore beer, eh.

Well you have to appreciate the ingenuity.  Were there no prison guards around?  Wouldn't you think they would shoot at the prisoners as they flew away?

Perfect for a movieJohn Trovolta is the  pilot and Anderson Cooper one of the inmate?And NO Canuck could pick off these escapees as they were hanging like sitting ducks on a rope right there in the middle of prison?  Good shootin', Pepsis!  I'll bet they didn't even take a shot, eh?

"But it worked in the movies, eh?  What a hoser!" said Hudon-Barbeau.

Wow, this is terrific - you have got to give it to these guys for pulling this off, right out of the movies!

Classic

One would think that their planning would have something better than hiding out in a cabin just a few miles from where they landed the helicopter.  Stupid criminals are stupid.

hope they packed a big lunch

Trivia Question:  Which came first, the movie or the crime?And is it art that imitates life, or life that imitates art?Is it tomato or tomato?  (That doesn't come off as well in print, does it?)

This must have been a prison for children as they obviously didn't have machine-guns on the walls!!! They must have a bunch of sissy's watching the dirt-bags!!!

What good did it do?

No burned cabin, no innocent people shot at.  Hey LA police department, take note.WAIT...until Air Force One..is hijacked by a smart Terrorist..! If they could HIT Pentagon, this should not be difficult. Just imagine - Obama's request to return the captured US Stealth Spy Plane was rejected by IRAN...who had put it up on display insulting US Govt. &amp; DOD. Prez. Obama should send idling Joe Biden..to IRAN to get our US spy plane back as Biden headed Gun Control committee had accomplished (!) their mission..!!

I loved this part in Grand Theft Auto 4...

Almost like a movie except it's real.

I smell a made for TV movie.

They must have been American inmates , Because Canadians would never think of that.

This would make a Great Movie: Donald Sutherland, Kiefer Sutherland,Mark Wauhlberg, Jean Reno, Robert Di Nero,  Jason Strathem, Katie Holmes, Charlize Theron......and or many more

They should ban helicopters as they are only used for bad things.

▀▀▀▀█▀▀▀▀─▄▀█▀▀█──────▄█▄▄█▄▄██████▀▀▀█▀▀▀█▀▀─▀▀▀▀▀▀▀ .Welcome to prison╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╬═╬╔═══╗──────────╔╗║╔═╗║──────────║║║║─╚╬══╦═╗╔══╦═╝╠══╗║║─╔╣╔╗║╔╗╣╔╗║╔╗║╔╗║║╚═╝║╔╗║║║║╔╗║╚╝║╔╗║╚═══╩╝╚╩╝╚╩╝╚╩══╩╝╚╝..

Sooo... No tower guards with guns? Usually an M-14? Any of the guards couldn't shot the pilot thru the cabin with a 30-06 round at close range. Thankfully in the US if they tried that stunt the heli would probably crash into 5 news heli's trying to film it.

epic failWhen I read the head line all I could think of was a really big cake.......

How cool would that be?

────────────────────░███░───────────────────░█░░░█░──────────────────░█░░░░░█░─────────────────░█░░░░░█░──────────░░░───░█░░░░░░█░─────────░███░──░█░░░░░█░───────░██░░░██░█░░░░░█░──────░█░░█░░░░██░░░░░█░────░██░░█░░░░░░█░░░░█░───░█░░░█░░░░░░░██░░░█░──░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░█░░░░██░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░░█░░░░░██░░░█░░░█░─░█░█░░░█░░░░░░███░░░░█░░█░░░█░░░██░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█████░░░░░█░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░█░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░█░─░█░█░░░░░████░░░░██░─░█░░█░░░░░░░█░░██░█░─░█░░██░░░██░░█░░░█░───░██░░███░░██░█░░█░────░██░░░███░░░█░░░█░──────░███░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░████──░█░████░░░░░░░░█░█──█──████──████░░░░░█░█──█──█──█──█──█████████──█──████──█──█──────██──█──█──█────██──██──██──████──█──█──█──────██─────█──█──█──█──████████████──████──█──────█─────████──██████████★══════════★★══════════★

Thats what movies are made of.

How hard is it to track a flying object, doesn't Canada have Radar and more than one Helicoptor.  Good thing they have the U.S.A to protect them.

At least they had one more helicopter than the whole Canadian army

they will get a movie contract and run for office in years to come.

Criminals in possession of restricted weapons?  You mean to tell me the gun laws didn't work?

Originally they were going to use a drone but thought its size might be suspicious.

Wow! This is great! How daring! And don't forget to post all the details so other inmates can copy these guy's! Awesome!; Cool!Years ago, one of my aunts hired a helicopter to fly into a prison yard to break her husband out of prison in Colorado.  They got him out, and were captured about 3 days later.  She confessed to everything and got a slap on the wrist, he got life in prison.  The pilot got 20 years.  My mom still can't tell that story without cracking up.

pilot should have taken off and tracked them from air until helped arrived

Git to da choppuh!!!

A helicopter is a really inefficient method of flight.It could be that they don't work at all.

The politest prison break in human history.  Never has the word "please" been used more gratuitously.

i thought in a socialist country... nobody was a criminal.

Hoser!

Reminds me of the three IRA members that escaped from Mountjoy Prison in Dublin in 1973.

The story sounds as dramatic as a movie, but the reality is that it isn't much more different than when the prisoners escape by over powering a truck driver and  take control of the truck and drive out of the prison.

That gun control seems to be working well in Canada.Where I live I can hear a helicopter coming from about a mile away. They are loud!

Bet they made it in the metals shop.  ;)

I bet they only speak French.

Sounds like a Canadian movie could be brewing here with this one. Have to see how it plays out.

Sure beats having to climb over 5 sets of barbed razor wire fence, then slogging through 30 miles of creeks mud and mountains.

Those two prisners must be given a pride of performance in a ceremony first and then get them back in prison.

i wonder if one of the inmates keystered the chopper in the prison

I smell a made for tv movie

This is epic!!!

Lex Luthor got away in a hot air balloon.  Top that bad guys!"Tonite there's gonna be a jailbreak".....Thin Lizzy!

I'm all for teaching inmates skills for when they are released into society but teaching them to fly a helicopter and having them available inside the prison compound, unlocked, just seems like asking for trouble.

He's ready to die...Someone be good enough to oblige him before he hurts some innocent people.

nice to see they don't have guns at their prison.

Didn't the escapees get the memo ?  Canada enacted some very arcane gun laws, What were these people shooting ? )Or was holder in on this ?

let the boys free  for the balls it took to pull this off

Wait a minute.  Didn't Lex Luthor do this on "Superman II"?Oh, that was a balloon, but same principle.

Yippie kie yay .... &amp;$(#!!!

Well, I bet the two guys that hijacked the chopper feel real stupid right about now......

I am glad they were caught because they are dangerous criminals, but a little part of me wanted them to escape.  That would be the perfect "U.S. Marshall's " style escape to happen in real life.  I know that is a horrible thing to say, but not everyone looks away from car crashes.Those hosers got away, eh.

This is the stuff movies are made of.

I wonder if they looked like those canadians on Southpark?

So what really is the story? Did they hijack the chopper, or did it land just to pick them up? How did they not get shot out of the sky by the guards?

Wow. I dont know whats more stupid, the fact they tried it in broad daylight or the fact that Canada doesnt have security measures to prevent a helicopter from swooping down. And theres a good reason why people are put in jail. Haha. Least there should be anyway. And the law usually eventually if not always wins.

Made it Ma, top o the WORLD  *_____*

Tonite there's going to be a breakout,into the city's own's, don't you dare to try and stop us,no one could for long.Who's song was that.

This [helicopter prison escapes] happens with such regularity that I can't believeprisons don't have a plan to deal with it.  STEP 1--Shoot the #@%# chopper down!

They thought they were filming for the next James Bond movie.

Pretty BallsyIt was Ricky and Julian.  Too bad they left Bubbles and Ricky's dad behind.

When does the movie come out?  Will it have English subtitles?

HAHA reminds me of that movie money talks when those frenchmen escape in a helicopter ayeee frenchy haha

Wow, it is so funny how the leftists are out in force on this and seem to be in favor of prison breaks.

Prisoners (criminals) are rioting and they use pepper spray? Why not hollow point bullets? Just stop a couple of riots using hollow points and the word would get out , you don't want to riot at this place! DON'T CODDLE THE LOW LIFES!

how did the chopper ever get off the ground with a pilot that had nads the size of volkswagons?

criminals have guns. citizens don't. this is what happens

That's nothing , My friend escaped from Cuba  floating on a toothpick.

Are Canadian jails that bad???

Oh Canada!These guys who broke out of jail get an "A" for creativity and effort but an "F" for planning and evasion....all that and they got caught in two days?

Of course this happens in Canada...

"GET TO THE CHOPPA!!!!!"

A whole new meaning to "prison kite"

Canadian prison....why not just walk out the door, it probably is not locked anyway.

I smell another stupid made-for-TV movie in the works.

If criminals spent the energy and ingenuity they use for criminal activity into being productive people they would very sucessful people!

And ya cant defend this

"Two Quebec inmates climbed into a hijacked helicopter to make a daring daylight escape from a prison outside Montreal, then led police in a car chase."What the he|| did they do?  Follow the road in a flying vehicle?

Wasn't this a Movie ??I though Canadian jails allow youa weekend yo walk out.

A whole new meaning to "prison kite"

Ha! That's awesome

Now the prison system welcomes 2 additional inmates

Yo Bob yua look dah doors on dat dare whirlybirdright eh?

Wow!  it doesn't mention if the chopper is a civilian or cop's chopper....was the chopper originally at the prison's ground?

They flew the coop!

Mont Tremblant?  Maybe they're just on a heli-skiing vacation.

This certainly isn't a new escape tactic.  You'd think that prisons would be better prepared for that possibility.

One of the prisoners is named Jason Bourne. The other one's name is Bond. James Bond.I hope Canada has taken the wise step of banning all helicopters.

The helicopter was mailed into the prison via the Royal Mail Service.  Heads will roll for not checking allowing that box into the prison.

Charles Bronson was cool

Dudley Do- Right gets his man!!

Somebody watched "XXX State of the Union"

They allegedly exchanged gunfire with police? This has to be a mistake. Guns are virtually outlawed in their entirety in Canada, aren't they? So criminals simply don't have guns. It's a fact. Diane Deinstein says so.

COOL!

Life imitating art.

Say what!!??

This could only happen in Canada.LMAO! Oh stars, there's nothing like a well thought out plan to really mess up your day.Oh wait they didn't think it through that's why they got caught.

Hoser,Take off!Eh!

Jail break = automatic death penalty. Problem solved.

Take note that "weapons charges" and "unlawful association" were what they were imprisoned for in the first place.That is, exactly, what is coming down the pike in our failed Constitutional Republic if the NWO overlords get their way---if they're still breathing.

rob a bank with a gun  U go to prison, rob a banking institution with a pen and you get promoted to oversee Wall Street

Baller.

Straight out of "Trailer Park Boys".

Was Charles Bronson piloting the chopper?

ROFLMAO, in broad daylight. I don`t believe it.  So much for UK jail systems I guess?

Hey just like the Charles Bronson movie...great movie...saw that when I was a kid at the Alcazar in Bell CA'Simple solution, shoot down all helicopters that enter a prison's published restricted airspace!

just like superman 2!

Lol, you'd think Obama's cabinet were in charge over there.

I guess  Canada didn't have any of our drones on stand-by?

I always thought Canadian prisons were cushy? Internet and his own apartment guess he needed ho's? Don't we all..........

Wait.....how do convicts in jail have access to a helicopter? Oh, Canada!

props for the nerve and patience and planning and ballz to pull that off this time and age...hopefully there non violent people..if so good luck

Captured alive. I guess canada has real cops instead of wannabe nazi storm troopers.

Criminals are slightly smarter in Canada.

Con air!only in quebec

that was arnold and slyvester

Bubba just could not get the word NO

Just once I wish Yahoo would have a little bit more information on the article they are reporting.

It's a perfect scene for a movie!

crazy french canadians,,,that's aboot the dumbest escape that i've ever heard of,,,get it ?? aboot !! pffftttt,,,canadians,,,you know ?? they talk funny,,,,they dont' pronounce the letter u..sheesh,,,i always have to explain myself to you guys,,,sheesh,,it's aboot time that you learned this...

Cool! When's the t.v. movie coming out?

Should have used a balloon like Lex Luthor did.  Take notes from the greatest criminal mind that ever existed!

thats pretty badass according to the theatres but in real life time thats crazy

Sounds like Ricky and Julian are at it again. Definitely something out of The Trailer Park Boys.Not bad! . The next thing will be a submarine escape through the sewer.

"there's like now way, eh, that he's going to talk to you about this, eh?"

well... at least do it at night.... smart ones.... i bet they were the brightest bulb at school ((((:

#$%$! didn't this just happen in Greece with a Serbian national but it failed?

now wait,the 2nd paragraph says the pilot was taken to the hospital, then they say only the pilot was at the scene when they found the aircraft, so was there 2 pilots or was somebody else flying the helicopter? in other words did the thing land and the prisoners take of in it, or did a pilot remain in it and the prisoners commandeer it, some difference in a organized escape, and being forced to fly the prisoners out , and the prison needs to stop showing old Charles Bronson movies, lol

Sounds like a made for TV movie, I'll bet that they make on about it.

"He's going to be questioned later on by investigators, within the next couple of hours," Richard said, adding that it's too early to say what the pilot's role was in the escape."Im guessing get away flyer

Just like in the movies.  Sounds like an upcoming Movie made for TV coming right up

The sad part is the Ad before the story was as long as the story...thanks yahoo

Hollywood movie to follow.Hollywood movie to follow.

Wow, I've read some crazy stories today. But nothing more strange than Canada having such technologies like radios, helicopters, guns and cars!

Now thats some movie type escape right there.

My neighbor in Michigan did the same thing in the 80's tried to break her boyfriend out of Jackson prison with a heli,funny thing her son was in same prison and she left him there lol.didnt make it out of the yard.

They couldnt think of a better plan than that? What was the planning for this?-"Hey lets convince 2 guys to hijack a helicopter, and then we can time it perfectly with the time we will be outside in the yard. The helicopter can swoop down, throw down ropes, we can climb the ropes and fly to safety."Was there anything else that maybe could have been a little easier than this?The dumbest thing of all was that it almost worked!

wow i know if i ever got out of jail like that, they would not find me. I dont know how they where found after the helictoper landed 50 something miles away.... i would do everything it takes to not be found...

Chopper escape "has a long and colorful history"? It might , but not the way this turkey writes about it.

The pilot put a special code into a black box in the chopper which immediately sets off alarms in air traffic control centers.  He probably used the code for a highjacking situation.

ROFL This is unbelievable.

Canada has now banned HelicoptersCounting the minutes until some brain dead loser finds some way to blame this on Obama.

didn't they know they were not suppose to have firearms

was it snake bliscen

there goes their library privileges.

....When you have no one else to call, find... the A-Team.  Ok, They seem to be busy at the moment.  And.... it seems the B-Team is also on another darring Rescue.  Could I interest you in one of our economy pacages?  Maybe one of the C thru F Team's........,

"Tell em bout the line Boss!!"

Too bad they got caught.  It had the makings of a great movie.

Meanwhile in Canada....

Wait, are you sure it wasn't Ricky and Julian?

Seen something similar on Money talks!I think if I was in for life with no possibility of parole I would try to escape.

Is anyone else thinking Trailer Park Boys? &gt;.&lt;

They left out the part where the inmates took the helicopter to the Tim Horton's drive through.

Really shows Canadians are friendlier than Americans.  They didn't shoot up and burn the cabin like our guys and seemed to get the job done very easily with a pair that had to have had skills to pull of what they did.

Sounds like if they put a little more thought into the second part of the escape plan they would be free. Guess thats why they are criminals, they are not very smart.

Should have used a hot air balloon at night like Lex Luthor did....

Desperate times call for desperate measures. Need to have a better escape plan b/c when the prisons officials see you get into a helicopter and fly then will have an easier time tracking and coming after you. Sneak off in the when nobody knows your gone for thirty minutes to an hour and have a good plan for what you are going to do once you escape. Too many times the inmates escape plan once they escape from the prison was clearly not given as much thought and planning as escaping from the prison clearly was.

Who keistered the helicopter?

Why didn't the guards just shoot the helicopter down ? Or do the perimeter guards even carry guns ? Oh wait, this is Canada....aye......

2 inmates escape from Quebec prison in helicopter - Sounds like a mission impossible movie, Tom Cruse are you thinking this?Nice job.....EHHHH?

man i would have flown that chopper till it ran out of gas

SEEHelicopters should just be for the police and military.  There are no legitimate civilian uses.BAN HELICOPTERS NOW!!

At least they will be legends when they get back to prison

Looks like Canada needs new gun and helicopter laws.

Sounds like they watched the movie XXX.

Where were the guards during this escape, on their lunch break?

Canada just got 20% cooler.

CNN stages a lot of this kind of activity. The fact is depressing &amp; disconcerting, I agree.

If you dare to do such a thing, you should be set free.If you dare to do such a thing, you should be set free.

Socialist nations typically excel at creating prison states, so how does it happen in Canada?

that had to of been the whispering series2 helicopter from Wham-O. i never hear them all the time

wow, they didnt burn the cabin down with the men inside? Sounds like everyone is trying hollywood stunts now.

yeah! In Chicago they just tie bedsheets together to rope down 14 floors

Next time they will need a bigger chopper......now there are 4 of them to break out.........and the next time there will 6.....how big is this gang...and will they run out of morons or choppers first???

I don't believe this is real, Quebec? Like where Canadians live?

And people still say "it's fake, it only happens in movies."No bish.

"possession of restricted weapons" ??? Criminals with weapons??? Never...

That's pretty pimp.Talk about innovation - A for effort chaps

You only see this in movies and what made think they from the law,but you can because they will hound you until they find you,we'll good they got caught,

How long before The Tragically Hip write a song about this one?

Wow. Talk about YOLO.

Thought this was a story about Ricky, Julian and Bubbles.

Soo why didnt they just shoot the prisoners as they were climbing up the helicopter? The one time the guards are allowed to use their weapons and the #$%$ out

They booked it online.

Corruption from the guards no other explanation like in Mexico

The movie coming soon

Tango and Cash!Fly it like you stole it!

Sounds like a movie!

What is the name of this movie? haha

More than likely the guards dont have live amo. It has to be checked out of the gunnery. Shooting blanks wont down anyone!

I'm blaming movies on this one... heehee Goodness. Where's the hot headed chief who’s #$%$ cause half the town got trashed from the chase?

They must be watching "prison break" in the prison.

What a joke.  The last line of the article even stated the prison had a "maximum-security wing" but no one fired on the helio or the prisoners? Some maximum security.

Prison isn't so bad once you get used to the gays.

God damnit Scofield

movie rights!!!!Thats pretty bad@ss...

GTA - Quebec

have to applaud their efforts!!! huge balls!!!

just like in the movies lol

back to the...Cooler

Sounds like a Clancy novel, but with Bruce Willis instead of Harrison Ford.

What is this movie rated.. It sounds good..

Ricky and julian can be found at the sunnyvail trailor park...duh

Galarneau said there are no security measures in place at the prison to prevent a [helicopter from swooping down from above]." Tower posts on outskirts of prison doesn't have snipers to fire on prisoners trying to escape? Just shoot at the helicopter's engine as it approaches the prison un-permitted to disable it.

Why didnt the guards shoot them as soon as they seen them climbing onto the ropeHow did Canadians get guns in Canada?  Idiots must have not known they were illegal so now they're charged with possession of restricted weapons. Surely criminals have respect for the law too.

Now you all know that if this were to happen in America, we have sensationalized it to death. But I must say as far as your daring prison escapes go, this was one for the books.

People who are ready to die have the advantage. :)  As to the pilot, his rolein the escape seems pretty obvious, but presumably he has some friends who are also helicopter pilots.

Atleast Canadians are crafty in escaping. What do the Yanks do upon seeing a Helicopter in a prison complex?"It's a terrorist! It's a terrorist!"lol

T-Bag, Sucre, Micheal Scofield, Burrows on the run again

he flew it but i bet not cuz he wanted too.."Police said the helicopter pilot was held hostage in the Sunday jail-break and was not a suspect. He was treated for shock at a hospital." that tells me he did not want to do it....just glad they did not kill him...

Michael Schofield probably had something to do with this.

If they were getting away why did they stop at a cabin? Maybe they needed to use the bathroom after the copter ride,hello!!!!!!! Not planned all out very well. But the helicopter was a nice touch!

Are their names Michael Scofield and Lincoln Burrows?

That's what happens when u watch too much tv...lmao, tBut, glad they were captured.that's bad a i don't care who you are and they crashed too damn....

And we're supposed to believe that in Canada prison's are so good that inmates don't try to escape.

Why would you have the pilot fly back to the airport.  Dumbest criminals has another applicant.

I saw an amazing episode of Walker Texas Ranger in which this exact thing happened. It was way more exciting than this story.

did they watch XXX state of the union before pulling this off?

No doubt,a true brotherhood.

lmao only in canada would you get away with something like this.

coming to tv real soon.....

I am reminded of the movie cry baby for some reason? and its good to canadians use helicopters for more than smuggling weed lol

SONASaw this in a movie, Hollywood great place to learn cool stuff, kind of like how to smuggle drugs in a sub

Imagine if the residents of the cabin were armed with the 2nd Amendment right to defend themselves .... the escaped convicts would be dead, saving the Canadian taxpayers $40k per year in housing costs. Just sayin'

did the quebec gov't take away the tower guards assault rifles?

did they get any p u  s  s   y before they were caught. few details

I didn't think they had Prisons in Canada, just Drunk Tanks.

they forgot to mention,all suspects were charged with being Canadian

Dudley DoRight musta been on the case.

wheres the video of the lift? We wanna see some action!

eh, they probably just asked the guards nicely to borrow the helicopter, and promised to come right back eh.

I did this yesterday, on gtaA helicopter to escape a Canadian Prison... ?! Does anyone else think this seems a little excessive?

Well this is the most interesting article on Yahoo in a long time. Way to go!

Sever the brain stem and be done with them and many others who choose not to respect others.

fk,,, i wanted those 2 guys to flee, fk that is why i don't like movies because no one ever gets away.... GO D.B. COOPER.

Its Canada, of course its that easy to flee a prison in broad daylight

it was probably ricky and julian

COOL .

Luthor almost escaped!  Where was Superman?

"GET TO THE CHOPPA!"

another half-brained prison break. if you have a helicopter, fly high enough and far enough where they can't track you with their cars. Everyone who goes to a cabing nearby ends up getting caught or shooting themself.*James Bond theme song rolls*

I wonder if canadian prisons have the good food quality, and the (comforts) of home as the the u.s. prisons have? Imagine; a murderer (or terrorist) receiving 20 to life, has TV, Movies, gym, recess, medical, dental, no bills... hmm...

Tabernac!

How can you plan a daring "Mission Impossible" like escape from prison and get caught 30 miles away in the same day? How is that possible? This seems too staged to be real.

moi courir, tu courir...

moi courir, tu courir... i run, you run.. lol.. trying to get away????

yeah and who says what you see in the movies you won`t see for real!

wasn't that the plot of a Bronson movie?

Isn't this how lex luthor escaped?

Wow  canadian police seems to be super trained,some of our usa police may need  go train over thereThose2011-now Dodge Chargers look good for COPS

ahhh they use the crown vics in canada also!

So, who else is excited for Grand Theft Auto V?

Grand Theft Auto: Canada

Attempted escape is better than pre-season baseball

I knew AP wouldn't be able to report this story without making some reference to "the movies." At least they didn't use the worn out phrase "like something out of a movie." Slightly better reporters in Canada?

These were the same guys that robbed the bank and took all the heavy bags of money latter to find out they had pennies ,the ones full of $100 were to lite and must be worth less

Book 'em, Dano.

Fool#1__Hey fool, lets get a chopper to get us out of here. They will never hear it.__Fool#2 Deal, lets go for it.

Actual interesting news? finallyThe ones that escape in this same manner from a Puerto Rico prison never were capture and it has being over a decade.

Sounds like a scene out of a movie

"Hudon-Barbeau was arrested in November on two firearm related charges and associating with people with criminal histories"  Really?  You can be arrested in Canada for just associating with someone who has a criminal history?  Sounds fishy to me.

Now that's how you escape from a prison, a loud helicopter and a get-away car in broad daylight....genius!!!

lucky their police dont have guns

Recaptured within 5 Hours? Now that's what i'm talking A-Boot

I don't know why they only went 30 miles away.  They could have gone further and gotten away.

They should train these guys for war and send them to the middle east....., they are naturals.

That is badass.

I can't wait for the movie.I guess  Canada  had budget cut to from the USA.

I'm suprised prisoners in Canada escaped, but only because i thought their prisons worked on the honor system

michael scofield?

Think they should've know beforehand that prison was going to suck.

Doesn't make sense... a chopper is noisy, and has probably has some kind of tracking device

Ricky and Julian had to get out to start filming the new movie.

canada sucks.

Yes, there's a St Jerome  and he just announced that justice belongs to St. Simon of Trent !

it seems like they could have just asked politely, just make sure they were back by bed time.

Are you kidding?  There's a Saint-Jerome prison?  I'll bet they have a Blessed Virgin water board.well now your in there for something, DumbA^$%$^

Sounds like nobody plans the escape post-helicopter pick up.

must ban all helicopters...........

My new heroes.

It is Canada, they probably could've just asked nicely and they would've let them go

I stopped reading when the article said "they were finally recaptured."

Lol,typical canadians.idiots

The prison they escaped from is like a summer camp. This would never happen in a Federal Pen. instead of a Provincial.

I always like when things like this happen in real life. It makes Michel bay movies seem like they could happen lol.

ut oh, i think they will get their oui oui's spankedGet to the choppa!!!

Hanging from a rope and they don't shoot, really, PC run ammuck. Then they have a shoot  out which should be impossible in canada because handguns are not legal. Oh yeah, sorry I forgot, only the law abiding surrender guns.

To bad dey were found alive.Big mistake.

You gotta admit, it's more excitement than ice fishing.

you gotta like shaweshank redemption.  The skill and desrie mixed with the longevity of the planning make the sewer tunnel quite epic

Somebodys been watching triple xxx a lil too much haha.

"Hudon-Barbeau was arrested in November on two firearm related charges and associating with people with criminal histories"... Firearm charges, ok. But is it really illegal in Quebec to hang out with people that have criminal history?

Where theres a will,theres a way! Definately Americans! Canadians and frenchmen dont have the scrote for something this badass!

I'd give them an "A" for effort.

Guys from Quebec are usually hot, and kinky. I know from experience.What is the protocol for finding a helicopter during a rectal exam?

never knew people in canada would do something like that

Almost, the great escape, almost.

that's crazy that they escape

lolz

Bad Boy! Bad Boy! what you going to do, when they came for You!!!!!

There must be beer and hockey sticks involved in the story somwwhere

Oh my.. that's a movie all in itself.  wow

Damn... thats one hell of way to break out of prison.   Must have had some good conection's.    i wander if they stole the helicoptor and the man who owns it just got their and all these cops just roll up on him and arrest  him.  like the movies, lol....

There is a great French-Canadian movie with Vincent Cassale called Public Enemy or something like that. It came out a couple of years ago. I saw it on Netflix. Do a search for the movie name under Vincent Cassale.  The movie is based on a true story about a notorious French bank robber who escaped from two prisons in Quebec in the 70"s. The guy busts out of two prisons, and busted into one to free some friends. It is an extraordinary movie about a charming but lethal guy with the biggest balls of all-time. By the way, Canadian prisons aren't country clubs like some posters here inferred. They are as much hell holes as the ones in good ole USA.Where is Jack Bauer when you need him?

I wish the convicts the best of luck!! Anyone who can pull this kinda escapes gets me rooting them on. GO GO BAD GUYS.

Maybe they watched UFC 158 live.

They where both convicted of first degree capital murder,  which gets you about 2 yrs and 10months in Canada.  If these guys are caught they will be told never to do this again and returned to their "behavioral reform condominiums".

Awl ohbamas fawlt.

Everyone is waiting on an opportunity!  Whether it is to be rich, create a invention, or just like our inmates get a little freedom. When people are caged like animals then their instinct is survival at all times. remember the tiger in SF... People are not supposed to be caged... Really America... Just like when you pay someone to turn in a gun... they are going to buy a new one.... duh... People we should put our population of incarcerated folks to work and train folks of course everyone will not fit this bill, but I do know, animals don't like being caged as well.   Do your research.

What were they in for?

They get all the fun!

Aaaaaaaaaa!

"adding that it's too early to say what the pilot's role was in the escape." ...I'm going to take a crack at this...perhaps he flew the helicopter.I guess its not only the US prison system that can't keep prisoners behind bars.... Our neighbors to the north seems to be having a little problem of thier own LMAO

I come from Saint-Jérôme. I know exactly what prison this is. You can see the inmates  in the courtyard from the highway when you pass it on highway 117

Blame Canada!!! Blame Canada!!

If Ubumma had sons, they would escape a Canadian prison via Helicopter.

BAN HELICOPTERS!

dont want to be a canadian idiot, or beer swilling hockey nuts. what abunch of loosers, eh?

I'd do it just to get out of Canada, much less a Canadian prison!

This happens all the time and they fail to mention the classic Charles Bronson movie "Breakout" every time.

What!?! I repeat, What?!? Again, escape in a helicopter FROM A PRISON... What!?!

Besides the whole inmates on the loose factor.....This is pretty badassHow they did all of this you ask?? By using 5 hour energy.  Stay tuned to see what their next five hours consist of.

Wow making it harder to escape these days only way is still underground I guess.  Just where the Illuminati is hiding, the DEVIL!  Obama!

Why did the pilot do that to stay behind? If we can track terrorist in remote regions, why can't we be aware of a helocopter landing at a prison?

Wow !! Great 1/2 story..why was the chopper even close to the prison grounds ? Oh, that's right nobody knows..probably was just doing a courtesy stop , you know to see if anybody needed a lift...

I heard the 2 guys that escaped like to BANG FARM ANIMALS.

Why do these canadians think they're french?

Nice security.

incompetent prison guard. they are white Canadians. L0L

Idiots, I guess Shawshank Redemption was never in theatres in Canada.  These yahoo's clearly didn't think this through.  First thing they should have done is cut the wires to the copters radio then fly about 40 miles away were a car is waiting, tie up the pilot, then flee to a previously discussed secluded hide out.  I mean really if you are going to go through this much trouble have a full exit stratedgy.

Get to the Choppa!!!now thats a classy way too leave !

Only fear keeps people in prison. Not the guards. Certainly not when they all hold a master key for emergency purposes.

time tell as the investigation will confuse us the connection that give the moral daylight action

THIS GREAT LOVE THESE GUYS STAY FREE

he said he was ready to die ... thats enough  for me!!

A,think they escaped,a

Thank God they were in a civilized country.Here in the US they would have set the place on fire and watch them burn to Death.

The two escaped prisoners had been convicted of having English-language bumper stickers on their cars.

As seen on tv. Man I thought prisoners were spoiled here in america. In Canada you get a helicopter.

Well, That's something you hear about everyday.Only in Canada !

I'm pretty impressed by the Montreal Police!  Tres Bien!!

They had a helicopter and didn't stage their get away car far enough away to get out of sight before they landed? Idiots...