Yeah, right. I'm sure the Iranians will deal now.

Now is the time to settle the budget!!!

why is it that so many of us agree but no one is listening?

Blah-Blah-Blah.  More of the same.  Next!

He talks to Iran the same way he talks to the U.S. Congress. I'm sure he will just as ineffective with Iran, too.

Look at all of the tragic things that have happened right here in this country, where shortly afterwards the perp committed suicide.  Folks, that is what we are dealing with, only on a global scale.

Let me guess what the Iranians told Obama....................

Ummmmm,aaaaahhh,aaaand I bet Iran is really worried about the rhetoric from Obama...

Or what, start WWIII?

Based on Obama's previous actions I don't think Iran is willing to take him serious when it comes to any military threat.As usual, empty words coming from an empty suit....

Iran wants to destroy Israel and North Korea wants to destroy the US with nuclear weapons, so why is Obama focusing on Iran? We should be focusing on the country that wants to attack us, North Korea!

Oh boy ... Obamy is getting tuffff

Blah blah blah...

More fancy words and empty content from our Pretender-in-Chief.

Man  they must really fear him now.

ROFLMAO!!! So sayeth the supreme allah....um jackass Iran has NEVER listened to the US since the shah was thrown out!!!!! Yea this will make Israel VERY HAPPY!!!!!!

America, sitting on the world's largest stockpile of nukes, wants all other countries to get rid of theirs... What's wrong with this picture?

Obama doesn't get it. The Iranians see no "dispute". They want nukes and will get them if no one stops them. But Israel will, sometime this summer.

This is going to end only one way, badly.Look at how well he's handled North Korea...............(sigh) we're doomed.

Iran will be shaking in their boots (or sandals), for Obama has spoken. Isn't this is first visit to Israel since he has been president? Yeah, Israel believes you support them!

Oh yea you better stop or I will tell..

obama asked for the drone back too,how did that work out for ya? just go play golf with tiger woods,you dont care anyway,lip service is all we get

Obama The Community Organizer still giving empty speeches

Iran's leader believe they are fullfilling an old prophecy.  I'm not sure that anyone will be able to stop them.  As long as they have breath their mission will continue, regardless of the consequences.

Where would the U;S. Stand if some Country happend to give Iran a Nuclear weapon or  two tomorrow just to force Obama's hand?.. Israel should tell Obama to hush with his Threats!.He'snot Presidentof the World.. That speech he gave should have came from the U.N. not the U.S.

I believe OWE-Blamer's teleprompter was incorrectly loaded and he intended to say "The people of America have paid a high and unnecessary price because of our leaders' unwillingness to address any issue."

What will Obama do about Iran?Nothing until they "commit the crime"?The world does not work like that!

Obama is out jogging one morning, notices a little boy on the corner with a box. Curious, he runs over to the child and says, "What's in the box, kid?" The little boy says, "Kittens, they're brand new kittens." Obama laughs and says, "What kind of kittens are they?" "Democrats," the child says. "Oh, that's cute," Obama says and he runs off. A couple of days later, Obama is running with his buddy Eric Holder and he spies the same boy with his box just ahead. Obama says to Eric, "You gotta check this out," and they both jog over to the boy with the box. Obama says, "Look in the box Eric, isn't that cute? Look at those little kittens. Hey, kid, tell my friend Eric what kind of kittens they are." The boy replies, "They're Republicans.""Whoa!" Obama says, "I came by here the other day and you said they were Democrats. What's up?" "Well," the kid says, "Their eyes are open now."Then he bent over and grabbed his anklesfor Putn... killing the European missile defence system.

And please release Pastor Saeed immediately

What are you going to do pass a law no nukes. What a Idiot

All talk and no ( Balls ) Mr. Obama !!!!!!! A bit late Dude !!!!!

"Now is the time"??  Or else what?  More sanctions?

In the meantime Mr. Tomato head declares the armistice agreement is over in Korea.  Talk about priorities.

"immediate and meaningful steps" This is about the 10th time Obama has said that..... I think he meant it this time...... By the way, only a couple more weeks till the Easter bunny comes.

Sanctions? Upon hearing this serious threat, the Ayatollah is going to to need a few feet of that head rag, so he can wipe his bum.

Iran should let in international inspectors. You know, the same ones that found no nukes in Iraq, but we blew them up any way..

Says the empire with the largest nuclear stockpile (and the only one to nuke another nation during war).He should put the same effort into addressing Israel's illegal nuclear arsenal. Hypocrite.

"The people of Iran have paid a high and unnecessary price because of your leaders' unwillingness to address this issue," Well said Mr President. Iran seeks the bomb first , no matter the price the citizens must pay

Mr Obama i think that time has passed sad to say

How is the time? You mean Israel told Obama that now is the time?

little late in the game, bro

Imo, Obama is giving the diplomacy route one last push.  He knows this last negotiating session has to lead to something or others within his administration, and certainly the US military (and the CIA) will remind him that time is of the essence.  In addition, he won't want to orchestrate any air and missile strikes on his own.  He'll want to include NATO and a few Euros.  He'll want their commitment in hand and he'll need 'proof' of Iran's nuclear development and its danger if they become a nuclear threat.  They (Europe) will need to be convinced that Iran is merely using the negotiating process to develop offensive nuclear weapons.  The IAEA reports will be key.  I think that's what Obama is telling Iran in these recent statements; ie., don't force this into a military confrontation because there are many in the West who see that as the only solution. In addition, another Hezbollah bombing somewhere could convince Europe that a 'nuclear' Iran spells disaster just as much for Europe as it does for Israel. There are many in Washington who suggest Iran will become the next N.K. That's a reality Obama and Kerry have to consider. "So Iran, what's it going to be?", Mr. Obama is basically saying.

I mean no disrespect to the president but: WHOOPEE WOW!!!. I bet the Iranians are just shaking in their boots right now. As they continue on with their nuclear program. As sanction upon sanction has done nothing to stop it. How is it now anyone can think more sanctions are going to make a diffrence? It didn't work with N. Korea. Why on earth do they think it will work with Iran?

GOD PLEASE BRING PEACE .

Wow.  That must of really scared Iran.  What a joke we have for a President.

Iran is laughing at this president.This 4 day trip is going to be a hell of a bill for the taxpayer's

The Global Laughingstock is Obama.Nobel is so proud

Obama further said.  Look if you don't do it now, I will be forced to give you more time to build your weapons.

The empty chair has spoken.  Now we will see some results by golly!

As soon as I disarm the American people and declare martial law America will no longer be a threat to you. plus I will give you lots of money.

well, if little barry says so, they will do it - NOT.

Iran proposed a nuclear-weapons-free Middle East zone.  Israel and America turned it down, because Israel wants to keep its secret stash of hundreds of nukes.  But 2/3 majority of Israeli citizens want it, if Iran joins with Israel.  There is still time to pull Israel back from the brink of self-destruction.

Western governments are the biggest threat i see around. The UK, France &amp; the US (under the NATO empire propaganda) are responsible for more misery than any other country out there.

Jeeez, can't we just let Iran do its own thing?

Oy Gevalt, now to Israel he goes...Talking to Iran, he is...Iran to Obama, "Bow down and kiss my pinkie".

Iran has to be laughing about this one. Wondering if the new world order economic currency will have "In Obama we trust" on the coin. Goodbye dollar, it was a nice run.

Lets be honest about all of this--there is no country in the world that has any respect for the US President--none -they smile and take any and all money he doles out--and if he is not giving them money they truly have on interest let alone respect -- we have in five short years become the once great America-- and on who's watch??

Iran knows that the US is 19 trillion in Debt...... The US in no longer a threat.......Excessive Liberal Spending lead to this...

Or else he will ask again, nicely.

Obama: "If you live the way I want you to live, we're OK with that. Otherwise we will bring democracy to your world"Iran: * chirp chirp * (silence)

I hope the message gets through and I hope the Iranian people think about where things stand.  I also hope the President used his teleprompter because this president sounds foolish and unpresidential using his own words.

he said he would sit down and talk with them unconditionally.  Sure it was during the campaign, but then, he has never stopped campaigning..

It's time for Iran to buy surface to air long range missiles and wait like a spider for the Israelis to try to strike.  Israel has nukes, but we say nothing about it.  Is that oneside or what?

Hey #$%$, They have already told the world how they are going to settle the nuclear  dispute. When theyNuke Israel, Obama will side with the Muslims and be totally surprised that the religion of Peace could do such a thing.with 16 trillion in American tax payer debt , the American people want Obama to fix and do a budget , now is the time to prove to America and the world that Obama and democrats can actually stop spending America into the ground and do a budget!

I guess we need another Bush in the White House to start another war.

Why should they?  What possible leverage does Obama have that might cause the Iranians to consider shutting down their nuclear program?  They certainly don't fear him, the US is no longer the Superpower who can rally world sentiment against them.  So why should they stop?

But notice, Obama did not say, "OR ELSE."

They flicked a booger on your picture, Obama. Really think these little leaders are going to listen to your dumb A(S(S?

Now he will talk them to death.

Dear Israel soon you will be visited by a person that claims that he is the President of the United States, do not believe in him here we see his horns on his head, but wherever he goes he hides who he really is, so if you see a big aircraft approaching do your thing for yourselfs and us.  Thank you we are AMERICAN.

I'm sure they're just shaking in their boots, terrified that the next thing will be the "unacceptable" bomb.

Yup, owebama, you got them shivering in their boots......sure you want to be that tough on them??

Obama the girly-man doesn't scare anyone.Boy ! he is some kinda geeky looking guy.

what 'dispute'?  i mean apart from the american meddling and kowtowing to israel . . . . oh wow, surprise, obama is schlepping over there to slurp and kissass.

save your breath OB.

Noblame-a's warning to Syria: If you don't stop murdering, torturing, and slaughtering your citizens, you'll receive a demerit. 3 demerits and you'll receive a citation. Five citations and you're looking at a violation. 4 of those and you'll receive a verbal warning. Keep it up and you're looking at a written warning. Two of those; that'll land you in a world of hurt, in the form of a disciplinary review written up by me and placed on the desk of my immediate superior, the American people, most of whom don't care enough about their own country to vote. So BEWARE!

I think now is the time for the Abomination of desolation of Daniel  to occur ....Our whitehouse black beast will confirm that next week

I think Mr Obama should tell Israeli government to stop asking USA to go to none sense war with Iran, USA has enough challenging issues here at home.

I would be more worried about North Korea.

Why not give guns at birth?  Issue handguns to babies and it stays with the individual all its life and its tracked.  That way they can connect a felony to a Liberal.

"suggestion that it could be hit with even tighter sanctions." hahahahahahah!!!!!

Shouldnt that have been said a looong time ago?Obama talks. Ayatollahs snicker.

Does anyone know how to cancel a bid on E-bay? I put in a $7 bid for a " Mickey Mouse Outfit" for my kid and now it seems I'm only nineteen minutes away from owning Obama's entire Cabinet.

Yes I'm sure Obama will get alot done just like Jimmy Carter.

Obama, will condone,assist or get involved in the near attack on Iran. North Korea's leader is just crazy, Iran's leaders are religious  zealots who are REALLY dangerous.  One is controllable, the other is Armageddon..

Well, I'm sure they are jump right now on that opportunity Barry. "They need to do that, right now."

what a total nitwit Obama is.

and i---ran told him to shove it.

Obummer doesn't have the Balz to give an ultimatum!!

Iran and USA do not have any issues that they can not resolve but, Israel will do anything in their power to derail any progress.

I wonder what time this year we're going  to start bombing them...STOP!...or I shall be forced to say stop again.

Many good Iranian people are dead or in jail being tortured because of Obama. Most Iranians do NOT support the current regime there. There was a strong democracy movement in Iran but Obama did nothing to support it. He thought Ahmadinejad and crew would love him. Very naive. . He better wake up soon.

Stay here you inept, intellectual midget and take a basic economics and math course.

Watch out Iran our Joe Biden will get that ole double barrel out!

And here are the Iranians ignoring the Wimp-in-Chief....go get 'um Chief!

Iran is laughing their ahs's off at Obama.  I hope they make Obama eat his words.

pretty please?

Lets let Ahminjad speak at the UN next time and lock him up in a cell like he does the pastor he is having tortured right now.  Obama will do nothing but watch, like he did to the ex marine captured in Mexico, and like Ambassador Stevens who he allowed to be killed by the Muslims that are receiving Obamabuck and tanks and planes.

Iran's pursuit of nuclear energy has destroyed it's economy and it's currency. It really doesn't make any sense at all unless the Iranian leaders don't care about their people's welfare.

It is getting pretty bad when you have to wonder what obama's handlers are strategically up to when you read the news...and you realize obama is leaderless and he isn't doing anything.Obama well on his way to be a standup comedian. His got Iran ROTFL

Hey obama Iran does NOT take you seriously. Noone does. You keep moving the goal post. You just use empty weak words. We are a mucking joke in the middle east and everywhere else in the world. We have become an embarrasment. You are making us appear so weak. This is the first time in history. All it took was one inept socialist to get away with doing so much damage to us and our reputation. Weak economy...weak country.

I think i may have heard all this before. 2006, 2008, 2011, now again 2013. Seems nothing has changed.

I wonder if anybody in our government will EVER publicly acknowledge the crimes we committed against Iran by helping the UK in couping their democratically elected president, and then putting a dictator, the Shah, in power, back in the day.

╔═╗╔═╗──╔╗───────────────╔╗║║╚╝║║──║║───────────────║║║╔╗╔╗╠══╣╚═╦══╦╗╔╦╗╔╦══╦═╝║║║║║║║╔╗║╔╗║╔╗║╚╝║╚╝║╔╗║╔╗║║║║║║║╚╝║║║║╔╗║║║║║║║╔╗║╚╝║╚╝╚╝╚╩══╩╝╚╩╝╚╩╩╩╩╩╩╩╝╚╩══╝...................... ,--.!,-**-................ __/.      '*|*`.............,d08b.b............. 0088MM..............`9MMP'

That's like telling a baby not to pooh their pants!

All talk. Send another carrier group. THAT would be a message. This is nothing more than an observation  on the part of a weak president.

I think another round of sanctions and some tough talk will crack this nut. If that fails, we can pass even tougher sanctions and talk meaner. Surely that will work. Obama seems to really know what he is doing~sadly, I'm serious about that.

Mr. President, I hope that you won't let Netanyahu and his gang of Judaeo-Fascists push you into rash action against Iran.  When the Israelis destroy their nukes (or, at very least, sign the pledge that others have signed to never be the first to use them), then perhaps there will be moral justification for insisting that Iran do likewise.  (I can hear Israel's American apologists already:  "But, Israel is a peace-loving state that has never threatened to wipe any Muslim or Arab country off the map!"  The reality, however, is that those who plant all the seeds of violence and conflict -- like stealing other people's lands and driving them into bantustans and concentration camps-in-all-but-name -- can hardly be described as "peace-loving.")

I thought King Cyrus Loved Israel, He was the King of Persia Old time IranObama is a talker and a spender not a doer.He's lost all his integrity by all of the lies he's told and we know what the are.He needs to quit sending our money to the Muslin brotherhood.

North Korea is showing that it's a danger to Americans when fanatical enemies of the US get nuclear weapons.The US has to prevent Iran from getting such weapons.

Iran respects and fears America. I thought I say some #$%$ that really appeals to our conservative elements, lol.

... for the fifth year in a row, "Now is the time to settle ..."

The "Blamer-and-thief" is Shovel Ready.

one muslim to a bunch of others.

Now is the time for us to close our wallets and let the Jews and Palestinians work it out for themselves. Why are we STILL playing in the sandbox of needless drama over there?

Iran is permitted by treaty to do every thing they are doing. What do you want to negotiate about? That treaty was signed years ago.

Obozo should first apologize to the Iranians, then they may even talk to him.

let the apologies runneth over