Media around the world at the time said that when Odinga, of the Luo tribe, lost to one of the kinkuyu tribe, he made a call for vengeance to that tribe. Even the US was involved in discussions to convince them to stop. After 1000 kinkuyu  (and others, at the hands of various people) were murdered, peace wasbrokered with Odinga being made Prime Minister and NO Luo getting ANY blame for their actions- but the 2 kinkuyu most likely to run for office the next election were sentenced to be in ICC as guilty of it all.OF COURSE Odinga wants Kenyatta (the one he blamed for his own actions) jailed so he can now be given even more power!PS. Check BBS Odinga Obama connection-

whats obozo think

I'm waiting for an excited titter to run through the court.

prosecutors should drop their case charging him with orchestrating post-election violence in Kenya in 2007 and 2008 for lack of evidence.Those who planned and excuted the ethnic cleansing (removing Kikuyus and allied tribes from the formerly White Highlands of the Rift Valley are known and they have never denied it.) This activity started in earnest in 1992 (Both Uhuru and his deputy were still in college) and evil forces used the slaughter to get votes in 2007/2008. National television was full of the horrors  if this crimes against humanity and it was heading for Nairobi which is in the Rift Valley. The barbarity of it touched everybody except one person (Barnabas) and those close to him. Now, self-defence of any kind is not a crime anywhere in the world. The youth who went to meet the perpetruators of the cleancing did out of their own volition, to preserve their families and themselves againt the key masterminds of the violence. It was a plan to get rid of the Kikuyus once and for all. One Uhuru was not one of the youths. His people were the victims but as all who know what evil is; the criminals cry out the loudest. By hiring some of the most shameless lawyers in the world, they turned the whole episode to an orgy of sex and the most unprintable accusations (and entirely false and imaginary sexually explict crimes) against the youth who rose to defend the country. No normal animal will divert its attention to sex in the midst of fire death and suffering that was. Yet the ICC has turned the whole thing into sex adventure of city youth in the Aids invested poor towns of the Rift Valley. Since the honourable ICC is all about the sweetest arguements and counter arguments (completely out of touch with reality) they have a 'case' against UHURU. Such subversion of justice is unpreceded in history. The ICC is crying for Barnabas (the genius who if ever  loses but there shall be chaos) and crucifying the messiah of Kenya. The whole thing is so sexed -up literary it is worthless and with it goes the credibility of the ICC. The Kenyan people have chosen the messiah, just as was his father was chosen before him to create the paradise known as Kenya in the midst of marxist slaughter in Africa. The hard -headed determination of the ICC to continue its course will be met by stoic faces of Kenyans who know better and will never make a difference to the truth.

yahoo site have kenya story everyday ..... HMMMMM, i wonder why?

Is the defense lawyer Eric Holders Cousin?

The man has been indicted by the ICC. He is the largest real estate owner in the world. Uhuru can employ Donald Trump, but Trump would have to buy life insurance first!

Don't joke with Uhuru, the man has a private army called "Mungiki" which means all other tribe - other than his Kikuyus - are cockroaches. These are the thugs he unleashed on Kenyans in 2007. Uhuru traumatized Kenya!

Why should the ICC even think of dropping charges against a warlord who planned, financed and executed mass murders, rapes of half million people?

Case is a sham and was only placed to put Uhuru away so that Obama preferred candidate may rule, now that the plan has flopped, they are in a quandary praying that the courts will impose their candidate on the peopleThis Man Raila is Sick and cannot except a defeat. He lost by almost 800,000 votes. How can he claim that he won? Sick man.

That is the same thing he did in 2007. After he lost he started the same demonstrations and I wonder why he was never taken to Hugue and he is the only one who should have.