Coal As A Go To Fuel For Power Generation Is Dead.  It Was Deeply Wounded By The Environmental Cost To Burn And Mine But The Killing Shot Is It's Cost Compared With Clean Burning Natural Gas Now In Abundant Supplies From Sea To Sea.  More And More Of The Coal Mined In The U.S. Will Be Shipped To China To Fire Cheap Labor Factories But Even This Will Be Short Lived As Soon As We Start Shipping Natural Gas To China In Necessary Quantities.

Coal Like Kerosene well have to evolve or die! That's just the Facts! Unless of Course you want a sky like China's major Cities!

What happens when you switch to Nat Gas electric generation while nat gas is around $ 3 a thousand then it goes to $ 8 ?  You get your electric bill going from $ 100/mo to $ 275/mo  Pretty easy math but what's the big deal... Obama will just up your welfare check to cover it.

Go coal companies----we need this energy regardless what the naysayers say!

Obama wants to kill this industry. (Traitor)

I see Trainman still thinks he knows all about energy, costs, etc!!! As much as he dislikes coal maybe they should turn off his electricity!!!! He pushes gas as the way to go, just think how fast gas prices would jump if only gas was used for electricity!!! Still not thinking it through before engaging mouth!!!!

let's shut down all the coal fired plants, and see how long the libs can go without electricity?  i bet it won't be too long before the libs decide they can live with coal after all.   libs = #$%$!!!

On January 19, 2009 (the day before Obama took office) the average price of gasoline was $1.85 per gallon. .... Source: U.S. Department of Energy, Energy Information Administration (Excel spreadsheet emm_epmr_pte_nus_dpgw).

Train crews rejoiced when coal-fired locomotives gave way to diesel. Ask them why (if you can find any still alive).

Why are they falling?? Hussein is going after them with a vengeance....yo mama

Yo mama

Yo mama

ps   clean coal,   are we really THAT stupid.  Oh maybe the FOX watches believe this #$%$   but no one with an IQ over 100 .

Until we can have Clean Coal, let's use gas.

We are mining more coal now and are Exports of Coal have gone up by 70% in the last 10 yrs. because of the price of OIL ...But China , India and the EU are all talking "Carbon Tax" to force cleaner Air and Water Standers on Coal and Oil ...But in the US Natural Gas is replacing Coal and Diesel by about 10% a year due to Cost and Public Health concerns!

Coal vs. natural gas?    Go gas, go BOOM!

I say we put everyone on cruiseships and then bulldoze,clearcut and stripmine the entire US..give people an iFuk and some videos,free condoms,weed,Prozac and some energy drinks..climb a fake mountain..weeee!

There stocks went up because they are illeaglly selling to China, buy not paying taxes on it.

Coal,natural gas,oil,wind,water, are all great natural resources that are needed, get rid of the tree huggers,make coal a cleaner source of heat and power,use scrubbers at coal fired power plants!oh no the pooooor Koch bros.

I havent met a tree hugger yet thats willing to go without fossel fuel heat in January.

I feel bad for all the hard working coal people. They supply a critical energy supply so our nation can be competitive in the world. But our current leader and government has an agenda and cares only about that. And not our economy or the hard working people it effects.

There is no such thing as "CLEAN COAL" that's like saying I'm going to pick up this turd by the "clean end".

More dismantling of America is coming. Obama has already said what he plans to do.He is going to shut down two-thirds of the coal plants. Without two-thirds of the coal plants, that means that energy prices are going to climb. They are going to skyrocket. It means that those that are in love with Obama have no clue that their light bill is going to skyrocket. If they thought that they were broke now, how many are going to freeze and get sick because they cannot afford their heating bill?  Congratulations, non-thinkers!You just voted yourselves into very cold nights in the coming four years.He even closed one of ours and sold it to the Mexican cartels.

If you are going to throw a report out on the world wide web, how about getting your facts correct !!!  Coal is up big time as of 11:30 AM.

Patriot (PCX) up 78 cents (10.2%)

***0iI Trading Academy is giving their secret code videos for free! Everyone is talking about it right now.. Yes, its FREE! Visit their website “0iI Trading Academy” for you to know!