So CASH, does buy freedom!

How many more times must she go to rehab, more counseling, etc. etc. until she is put in jail for her actions? All I see is that she is getting off from anything and everything. Why is she being treated so differently from a regular Joe? I'm tired of it. And that dress, so inappropriate for court. She looks like something found on a local street corner and cleaned up for court date.

How many  chances does she get?  She's a celebrity and big deal 90 days rehab. Regular would be in trouble for being an hour late. They would be thrown in jail. She never learns.

Late to court, guilty as charged. Violation of probation, a year and a day. Stop making a mockery of our legal system.

Who are they kidding? She'll be out partying tonight and driving under the influence.

I’m tired of hearing about this little hoe bag and her I’ll never do it again. Combined with the judges, don’t ever do this again or I’m really going to do something maybe next time.

Look on the bright side -- The public will at some point (once gets enrolled into rehab),  get a 90 day reprieve from having to look at her.  Maybe at the end of 90 days she'll be proclaiming how much her life has changed, blah, blah.

PLEASE stop reporting every time this derelict stubs her toe again.  Anybody who really cares needs to find a life somewhere other than in Fantasyland.

Does she have a room reserved for her repeat visits?

Shows  up  1  hour  late  and...............  nothing  is  done  she  is  making  a  mockery  of  the  Calie  legal  system.  The  #$%$  will  never  learn  she  will  end  up  killing  someone  while  she  is  driving  then  what  will  the  judge  do  geive  her  another  suspended  sentence  with  rehab...............It  is  a  joke  if  it  were  1  of  us  its  go  to  jail  go  DIRECTLY  to  jailwanna bet she does way less than 90 days in the lock down treatment center?

How many times can one get probation for breaking probation?  If you break the probation that you were put on for breaking probation do you get probation for it?  I am embarrassed for the judges and courts.  They are making fools of the justice system every time she shows up late to court and gets these kinds of punishments.

How many breaks is that ugly slag going to get?

What a waste of a familly.

I think that the best thing a judge could do would be to send Lindsay to McMurdo Station for 1 year of involuntary servitude.  A year with scientists and penguins would certainly put perspective on her otherwise meaningless existence.

I started to say reminds me of Judy Garland.  But on her worse day Judy was still a mega talent and on LL's best day she's just a washed up has been.

It's a shame the theft of the necklace was reduced to a lesser offense.  $2500 is clearly felony territory anywhere and if they'd kept that in play maybe they'd have some leverage.  She shows up, again, an hour late?  Can she spell incorrigible?  Egocentric?  Worthless pile of s**t?  She's not a cute ten year old now.  She's mid 20s and looks 40.  Time she grows up and finds a career and acting is over for her I believe.  She's proved herself too unpredictable (probably wrong word because it is predictable for her).

Now if this was me I would be in jail by now

Folks, try being late for court some time (if unfortunately you ever have to go) and see how forgiving the judge is for you!

It's official....she has a problem.She's only 26??

If you give LL a tooth-brush and have her clean toilets &amp; scrub floors for 90 days, you'll prob save her life. If you continue to mommy-coddle her, she's a tragedy waiting to happen.

What the hell is that dress she wearing to court??  Can't she appropriately put on a conservative two-piece suit???  She looks like she's going to a damn cocktail party.  Money does not buy common sense or taste!!!!!  And definitely not character.

If the accused were anyone else they would be serving actual time by now.

the judge isnt doing her any favors because one day she will overdose or even worse yet kill someone while driving.

Good, that means that she can just sit at home and watch t.v. She must have ALL of the REHAB PROGRAMS memorized by now....

Anyone else would serve time. And call that 'rehab'. This little girl needs to give up about 18 months. Does this not describe the travesty that our 'court' system has become? But California, you keep re-electing Pelosi and Boxer, kinda tells you something, huh.

WHY does this judge allow any type of plea.  With her legal history and actions, WHY NOT jail time??  Why is she given the option to "enroll" in an in-house rehab center???  Any Joe-blow off the street with her record would be sitting in jail for a minimum of one year.  I have no respect this justice system, catering to a "celebrity" with the credibility of S(hi)T on a stick.  And......her father is absolutely no better than she is.  Nor is her mother, who is a drug addict.

"dont drive".. how many celebrity seeking judges are going to let her off... how about "your probation is revoked ... go to jail"

They call it a plea deal, but it is a cash exchange deal.Lindsay Lohan is one messed up women, her brain is gone like most of the youth in hollywood .Brats and Drama Queens with empty lifes.

She's 26 and needs her neck done.

What will the tabloid media do for 90 days?????

Another, slap on the wrist. Oh boy!!

I have heard of equal justice just havent seen it.

Seems like they have made enough deals with this poor girl, clearly she needs help and isn't going to get it for herself.  She is her own worst enemy.

Good grief, let her off again after how many hundreds of times she's been arrested?  What a screwed up justice system!!

The best thing would for ALL of US to never pay to see her in anything!

I hope I am able to get that many chances should the situation present itself.

Have y'all noticed that she has to get a new attorney each time she is coming to court?Who gives a #$%$ about this idiot.  Times change, and it's definitely time to move on from Ms. Lohan.  Twenty years from now people will be saying Linday who?

Do all you haters really belive what your writing?She has money, money buys things, regardless of what it is, money talkes.Buy a Liver, a Kidney, get out of jail, it got you out of a war in the 60s and early 70s.And I guarentee, if you had all the money needed to buy your way out of something you would. The Rich have differnt rules, and rightly so, They have money and deserve better, better laws, better rules, better every thing, they can afford the better, if you dont like it, get rich your self or stop crying.

Arrived late! Private jet! This girls biggest problem is she knows nothing about responsibility.

So rehab, even for 90 days, is going to fix her problems?  I really rather doubt it, and I really rather doubt she'll do the entire 90 days, anyhow.  It's just a matter of time until this idiot kills an innocent person while she's out driving under the influence of whatever.  And if that DOES happen, you can bet the paycheck that everybody and their mother who's been enabling her (whether family, friends, business associates, the courts) will be pointing fingers at each other, crying "why didn't anyone DO anything?"

Our "judicial system" is the poster child for Einstein's definition of insanity....Doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.

Oh my,I'm sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo shocked she didn't get jail time.   The legal system is such a joke.

If the judges would have done their job in the begining then maybe she would have turned around.  The American Bar Association should have investigated the judges in Hollywood a long time ago.  Lohan should have served time-a reasonable amount of time-before now.  Then have a court appointed guardian-not these new lawyers. Looks like Anna Nicole Smith all over again.

Wow...Lindsay should be cast as the lead role for the next "Matrix" film. She continues to dodge bullets somehow. Freaking amazing. Rehab is a joke and everyone knows it, she will manage to have her buddies or corrupt nurse to get her goodies snuck in.

within the next year she will break the law, again . . . . .

Sounds like this young lady will do ANYTHING to avoid jail except change her behavior.Apparently it's going to take her killing someone to make the courts realize how dangerous she is.

i bet Lindsey has a very nice stinker in her panties, sure would like to put my face on it

Usually, breaking the law means jail time.  How has this Cretin gotten away with so muchfor so long -- and no meaningful punishment?  Why is Lindsay Lohan above the law????????

She has been in trouble with the law for 6 years.  That's a fourth of her life (or more if you consider she had a long downward slide before she started getting caught....none of these judges are doing her any favors....The news center probably have her obituary done already!!

Lindsay, its time to get sober.  You are getting too old for this kind of life and it will only get worse.  You look like H*ll.

Why bother to arrest her no one will jail her.

Ohh boy

Now, come on!  Do you REALLY think she's going to spend 90 days in rehab???  #$%$, please!!!!  She'll do, maybe, 10 then be out.  Little girl, I used to like you and your movies, but now you're nothing but white trash with money.  What a ho!

Sad to say. But, Lindsay Lohan looks like a puffed up, alcohol addled, soul who's hitched a ride on a snow ball accumulating momentum on a one way down hill trip to oblivion.,

How stupid can STUPID get????  Including the judges!!!!Sometimes money does buy freedom and sometimes it just delays jail time.  I'm all for rehab, but this girl is giving rehab a bad name.  Lock her up, let her roots go dark and her teeth fallout.I mean come on this girl is only 26 years old. F...she looks really, really OLD!

They want her to go to Rehab....she say NO NO NOThey say then you go to jail......She say I won't GO GO GOJust let her junk it up..........'til she hit the FLO FLO FLO

who cares.

Lock. Her. Up.

She is nothing but a parasite and needs to be treated as one...And daddy-dearest needs to shut up, he has been such a role model in her life so far, no wonder she is a trainwreck..

...to be continued...

She needs to go to jail to learn her lesson.  They keep seading her to rehab which does nothing.  She is a spioled brat.  Big deal.

HERE WE GO....ANOTHER "90 DAY WONDER" !!! IF SHE'S  BEEN USING DRUGS FOR YEARS....WHAT MAKES YOU THINK SHE'LL BE "CURED IN 90 DAYS' ????????

You cannot force someone to stop snorting or drinking unless THEY REALLY want to get clean!!!

this girl should be put in Jail. If it was a person off the streets that did what she has done they would be in JailSounds like the whole family is nuts!

Lock her up already!

If you are 26 years old and like to party you have to be smart about and not drive at all if you got arrested once and hit with a dwi should scare you enough to have someone else drive or take car service if you are going to party. As the saying goes cabs are cheaper than lawyers. She gets picked up on nonsense charges all the time she should stick to booze and a little weed and the occasional hit of e only half a hit and the other one later on that night she will be fine. Needs to stay away from the blow. Hard drugs is what kills these celebtards outside of that she is typical young lady who just wants to have a little fun and get laid and that is cool I predict she find some chump to marry her and have kids with by her early to mid-thirties and be a pretty good mom I have seen many wild chicks become pta types of moms and when I run into them we have a laugh because I remember banging them and how crazy they where when they where younger

Why did she get drug rehab  ? This case was not about drugs !?

And there you have it - but here's some FACTUAL NEWS for you: There is NO SUCH THING AS REHAB FOR CELEBRITIES IN HOLLYWOOD - it's a very swanky hideout that's been around for years where celebs go vacation to appease their managers, attorneys and money people to make it SEEM like their going to rehab. It's all a sham, and so is our justice system. She's getting away with it AGAIN. Justice is ONLY FOR THOSE WHO CAN AFFORD IT. But then again, it isn't justice when you let the guilty go free is it?

A waste of time and oxygen with this one, the force of stupidity is strong with not only her but the judge....

As a public service she should have to work at the local bakery jamming her face in the dough so they can sell gorilla cookies.

only this ugly no talent  #$%$  could keep getting a slap on the hand by some idiot judge in gollywood. any one else would be locked up for months

Hopefully, she is having to pay all these court costs.  What an injustice to the justice system to have to deal will this garbage entitled use the term loosely lady.

In Rehab she'll learn about new ways to use Rehab as an excuse for her next wild event!Such a waste of a young life.

She'll find some way to break out.

Who gives a F.

Firecrotch gets special VIP treatment again!

How does Lindsay get so lucky?  Another six weeks of partying before she has to go to rehab.  Woopee!!!!!

I wonder what kind of a plea deal she will get after she kills innocent people in her next car wreck? What is soo important about this girl that the legal system has determined she is too good for prison????

why are they wasting so much time and money on this person? what is this the tenth time she has gone to rehap. give her as much as what ever she uses , problem solved

8th times a charm, I giess

Proof positive that money talks!!  People that did less crime than her are in jail right now!

So she was late to court because the private jet had a visual issue?  Wow that's great.  So whenever a black kid or some Mexican has traffic problem, will they get off also?this woman is out of control and should be in jail, period...anyone else would have been in jail...unfair to everyone. Court systems suck with actors/actresses...what in the heck makes them special anyhow? the Grammy's? what a flippin joke to all of the hard working people that help the community...I don't want her handouts or donations to us...I want her to get better. Stop enabling this woman!!!!!!

Lohan starts her post-plea by hitting the night clubs again. There won't be any parties when she's all done for.

rehabs are a big #$%$ and a waste of money.. its a long vacation ...its up to you to quit drugs or booze...nobody else can help..

Apparently the entire california Judicial System has no shame whatsoever, nor any claim to competence.  Why not stop this farce, and simply let the Lohan Fan Club decide her punishment?

Again??????

But yet, when comdian Katt Williams missed his court date, the police showed up to his mansion and arrested him! But yet MC hammer got arrested for a unpaid traffic ticket. But Lindsay can repeatedly break probabtion miss ourt dates, and still never do any jail time. Our legal system is really a joke!

Gutter Trash

being a celebrity in socal where the entertainment industry runs the Govt. must be a really nice perk!

Rehab ?FN Joke, How about the Joint,&amp; more than a few days this time, It's Way, Way Over Due !

Fu----g Liberal Judge wholly fing sh-- wft is wrong with gdm Judges anyway. I think the Judge should go to jail for C.Sakes. Throw this Bit-t in Jail for a fricking Year or 2 gda-it.Driving under the influence...let us call it what it really is: Attempt Murder.  It needs to be treated as such.  How many attempts on others lives is this woman going to get until she actually does kill an innocent by stander?  When it does occur ...the world will be in shock!  They never saw it coming!  A drunk woman killing a person. How does this happen?  Remember the guy who killed the Angel pitcher?  He was a repeat offender but not as many times as this person.

LOCK HER #$%$ UP!!!!

Rehab again???? She must have pretty nice room.........

So gets time to find a "rehab" suitable to her wishes. She can find one to pay her way out of. This judge is just another idiot hack who doesn't have a clue. Maybe this girl could just go and fall on her head and be rendered immobile &amp; speechless so we can have peace from this whole circus because we all know by now that no one has the balls to put her on real lock down.

Why all the negativty?If a person has money, status, is famos, yes they should be allowed to pay or buy their way out of every thing.I belive  that the rich deserve better treatment then the poor, they have the means to pay for better treatment, better laws for the rich, better every thing. What can the poor do for  you or I, nothing so  who cares if the rich pays some  one to get out of jail, the money goes to the city or state.  Yes the rich should be able to buy what ever they can afford, A Lung, A Kidney, why give a good Kidney to some poor person when the donor or the donors family can make a buck or  two.  So yes its fine that the rich get more and better, if you could afford it you would too.

Unbelievable. Why am i not surprised? I knew this untalented c**t would get off scott free yet again. Good going judge! You have proven to us little people that if you got the money, you wont do the time. Major bs.

This has-been should have been in jail long ago.

She looks horrible for only being 26. The only difference between her and the common poor, toothless, pockmarked, meth addict hoe...is money. If she doesn't get this and fall to her knees to thank the good lord for giving her so many second chances...I am have no doubt the next media report will be her obituary. She was such a pretty girl with talent...all wasted. So sad.

The rest of us would have been executed by now as many times as she's been to court. Nice to be a frigin celeb, huh?

and you actually think rehab is going to work.  this spoiled brat is snubbing her nose at all the authority.  she's just playing the game and working it to give a great impression that she's trying her best.  what a crockWe will be reading her Obits next.

Lohan had it, lost it, continues to, and is an insult to women across America who care for the beauty they bestow upon us everday.  The odd thing is, every chance she gets, she proves it.  Run far, run fast, unless you're her dealer, or lawyer.  Just sayin'.

Why all the Hate?Money can buy any thing.Look at all those who did not have to go to VN because of money, while the poor died and served this country.So shut up or get rich.

This bee-atch gives real bee-atches a bad name!

Hot women should NEVER be convicted.  FACT!

It's funny how all these people are whining about her going to rehab.   Remember, that is what the liberals believe.   Everyone can be rehabilitated.  Jail doesn't do them any good it only harms them.   That is what the liberals want and that is what they will get.

well, since she's never had any problems with the law before, of course they were lenient with her; they even asked her what she wanted her punishment to be!

aint enough rehab in all the world to rehabilitate that twit

if i did what she has done i would have been in jail way before...but she is allowed to continue and get by.. perhaps if she faced time in jail she would straighten up they aren't helping her any. She has had way more chance than the average person would have and hasn't cared enough for herself to get clean. Just cause the people more and more money...

Anyone else would have sent to prison a loooooong time ago. I give her two weeks before her next tantrum.She sounded all raspy like she's been smoking some ice on her trip back to LA

Put lipstick and plastic boobs on a pig and it is still Lohan...

God she looks TERRIBLE!!!!!

Has anyone got her on their death list?

Are California judges elected or appointed?  It's got to be an appointment because I can't imagine anyone voting these clowns in.

If she doesn't get to rehab, she may, one of these days soon, join Amy Winehouse and the other's in the '27 Club' like Curt Cobain, Janis, Jimi, Brian Jones and Jim Morrison.

The only thing that will make her go straight; death. Hopefully she don't kill someone else in the process.

This is a travesty of justice !!! Every judge that has "slapped this girl on the wrist should be barred from the bench" !!!   it's a shame.....but it's a good thing the world is seeing this outright favoritsm.  the sad thing is , since they are slapping her on the wrist...she'll end up dead from an overdose of drugs....thanks (so-called) judges.

They need to send her to a 1 year+ rehab in the State Pen.  She will relapse within 4 months.

You can lead a jackass to water but you can't make her drink water!  This is a waste of both time and money!A 47 per center would have gone directly to jail!!!!

Seriously, do they have a dead pool on this women?

I give it 30  days before Miss Blowhand bails and runs afoul of the law yet again.

in 2011 that she took a $2,500 necklace without permission from an upscale jeweler.I remember when they simply used to call that stealing.

Damm...I knew we chose the wrong careers! If we where Holly (*hic-up*) Stars we wouldn't need to obey the Laws nor Judges either correct? (No dis-respect Judge) simply an observation of facts.

Place your bets .

your honor, your honor.  as you can see i look like shi$. it's the daylight savings time and i slept over. yes, your honor i will be more than happy to go into rehab, sleep a lot, get my hour back and after 90 says i'll be read to rock n roll.

Id does pay to have alot of money and a rich father so you Can be an airhead and get away with it.What a joke of a person anybody else would have been in prison not jail by now.

Lady Justice was supposed to be wearing a blindfold.

The judicial system makes a mockery of itself!!!!   Leave her alone!!!   Would love to see her in a porno movie!!!!An absolute JOKE... the continued 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th chances for this has been are absolutely ridiculous.  Anyone else would be sitting their butts in prison by now.  If what she says is true, she is not drinking or abusing drugs, then why agree to rehab again. This little girl is nothing but a liar, a thief, a #$%$, and a junkie... lock her up and throw away the key. PLEASE.

Who is going to pay for this "rehab"...taxpayers, or Lohan herself?

Her lips are looking a lot better these days.

Just to prove if a person has money,  they can do anything.

So who's picking up her tab?

Kill her...we're bored.

Kill her...we're bored.

Kill her...we're bored.

Misdemeanors and jail overcrowding are why she's spent little time in jail. Right; her being a celebrity had nothing to do with it.

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE, SOON THERE WILL BE A LOHAN LAW, GETTING A SLAP ON THE WRIST....LOHAN'S CLEARLY UNCOVERS THE CORRUPTION IN LAW AND HOW THE SYSTEM KISSES HER #$%$, TIME AFTER TIME...She is a bad influence to society, AND should be put behind BARS where BAD BEHAVIOR is a dance with the rest of her kind!KEEP HER IN THERE,AND THROW AWAY THE KEY........#$%$ AN A!!!!!!!!

Lindsey Lohan can't act, so all she's famous for is getting arrested, breaking her probation, and going to rehab..... And the news media can't get enough of her!

Dead within 3 yrs!

Liberal Calf judges for ya.

Don't they have a 3-Strikes law for going to Rehab? C'mon Judge, grow some you know what and sentence this loser to jail!

Since when is obstruction of justice (lying to the police) and parole violations "misdemeanors"???  Put her crazy #$%$ in PRISON for 6months - and take her license away permanently !!

Who are these hangers on that keep supporting this train wreck? Throw them in the klink along with this slag....

does anyone really care about lohan that much? yes it is true, money can get you out of anything. some kind of legal system we have here in the U.S. huh? what a joke. Hollywood should just get rid of lohan, she can't act anyway. She has no talent whatsoever.

This so-called judge needs rehab.

What a train wreck.  She just never seems to get a clue.  Does rehab cure cluelessness?Everyone is going to have realize money talks. As long as Ms. Lohan continues to pay off the judges.She will keep doing whatever she wants. I have friends in the judicial system that told me this goes on in the judges chambers all the time. I didn't want to believe them until now. The only way Lindsay Lohan will ever see a jail cell is after she kills someone while driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs.  And even then she still might go free if her Attorney can find a loophole in the system. Is their a Judge anywhere in the United States of America that cannot be bought.  A average citizen does not have a chance. 5, 10, 30 minutes or 1hr late, a brench warrant would be issued for you're arrest. And on top of that you would have to pay a fine. And you're driver's license would be revoked.  And you would have to go see a psychotherapist and then do community sevice. This is a wake-up call for you're average citizen. If you did any of this, you would be in a orange jumpsuit and handcuffed. The system doesn't work for you. Never has and never will. Lindsay Lohan has friends in high places pulling the strings for her. This is only a small setback for her. After it's all finished and done. She will be back to her partying ways. The way that she is going she will not see her 30th birthday. Its a shame that someone like her who had a promising career could not take advantage of it.

Soon to OD I'm sure.

Hope it works this time...

MONEY TALKS AND THE ACTRESS WALKS.

All the rehab in the world will do her no good unless she wants to change.

You mean re-re-rehab. Why if she never seems to "hab"?

Money talks and BS walks

I'll she does get help regular person would be put under the jail its all about money

She's so over due for a trip behind the woodshed......................

Did she "lie to the cops" on paper?  Last time I checked that was a felonyAnother case of money talks. If it were the average Mary Doe, the door would have already slammed shut for multiple years.

Hollywood should shun this woman like the plague.....I  will never watch anything with that POS in it......If that were a regular citizen they would have been in jail and  harassed endlessly......

Does anyone actually believe they will ever give this child the punishment she deserves?  This is why many young people believe they can do no wrong, getting arrested means nothing to them.  Stardom should have nothing to do with criminal behavior, do the crime pay with the time no matter who you are!

LOSER

anyone else would spend a minimum 1 yr. in jail. again influence circumvents the law

Don't drive...just call your driver...Light weight hand slap! Any of us little ole regular folk would be doing five years straight time with no chance of getting a license or a job again...Pfffffft! Puke inducing!

Yet again, Lindsey Lohan avoids jail.  As far as consequences for one's actions, it's good to be a celebrity in Los Angeles!  Unfortunately, these judges who keep giving her rehab or probation are only speeding her demise due to alcohol or drugs.  They're doing her no favor.

Should be doing hard time, a long time ago. If was a regular person that would surly be the case!

Joke!!!!!       if that was you or me, we'd be in jail for years.....special treatment.makes me sick......wish she'd fall off the face of the earth. I wouldn't go to one of her pictures, they always stink, if someone paid me. She and her father are mentals

special deals for people with fame and $$$Just lock her up for five years and be done with all the drama.  She will never learn how to behave herself any other way.

yeah, your right CASH by freedom. Stop all this plea deals ,put the LOSER IN JAIL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Back home again!

Wish they would quit putting her in the news, because she's nothing but bad news.

What? How much more can WE take of this #$%$?  What's she doing #$%$ the damn court-house................Total rigged and it's about time someone brought this to a REAL TRIAL.....ENOUGH!

What a waste...

When she kills someone them she will b in jail for life. It won't b long until that happens. Sad that someone has to die because of her dumb--- moves.  She will eventually run out if money.  No movie producers should hire her for anything. She needs to b held accountable some time.

She is really out of control. What do you do when she will not adhere to any demands?

If this doesn't work for her this time and she doesn't learn from this, she will end up in a pine box.

put the #$%$ in jail for the max sentence. i'm tired of these celebrities being treated with kid gloves. had that been some ordinary person they'd be in the pen under the three strikes law.She is going through the same type of observation and scutiny as a person living in a small town must endure when cited for misdemeanor offenses.  I have a cousin that got into trouble as a young kid, drinking and hanging out with a rowdy bunch.  In the small town of less than 15,000 where he lived, he could never go anywhere without being stopped and checked out by local police. He learned his lesson a long time ago,  but they kept giving him a refresher course at every opportunity.  Sadly, Miss Lohan is going to find out too late that she is destroying her freedom herself, and a high potential career along with it.

Rehb, again??????......Really?????......In my opinion, I think that Lindsay has been given more than her fair share of time to get her act together……She has taken second chances to a whole new level and the court system is sending the rest of us a bad message when it comes to consequences for bad behavior….I think that Lindsay will never learn her lesson and will always feel exempt for the consequences of her negative behaviors as long as a judge will allow her to remain out of jail….Let’s just pray that Lindsay won’t end up dead and a judge won’t be saying that they had an opportunity to treat her the same way an average citizen would be treated for constantly being a repeat offender of bad behavior…God Bless!!

More abuse of the court judges in this Country. If she were black she would be prison.  If she were not a "celebrity" of any race she would have done jail time. Injustice rears it's ugly head time after time especially in Beverly Hills and "Hollywood" zip codes. Is anyone mad yet?

way to go girl, beat the ol system again

Just frikking incredible

Have'nt we been here before? It did'nt last. And were is she getting the money for legal fee's. Uhmmm.	Saw.a pic of her lawyer.

It just prove's that USA's judicial system could be bought.

Are judicial system is a joke ,there takin this home of the free thing to far if it were me or you we would be under the jail

Effing loser and what the hell did she do to her lips?  Permantly puckered like a damn fish!  She looks retarxded!

2069 Lindsay Lohan age 83 is going into rehab for the 547th time. Let's hope this time sticks.Gee I wander if Dr pill can do anything for the #$%$!!!!!!

OMG,OMG,what am I 'gonna do without  at lease a daily update on LiLo's adventures! I'm 'gonna have to,GASP, get a live!

Sorry thates-life

LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL..................

In my town the second time shed of went to jail for 6 months. When she stole that ring that theft over a thousand which means felony, why wasn't she prosicuted on that? Obstructing justice is a auto 6 months prison, but nope got dropped. Her laywers are pulling bleeding heart judges just so she gets off. Justice department you need to investigate these crooked judges!!!! Like I said in my town shed be screwed, just showing up late would have bought her 30 along with a PRobation violation. Our "courts" at their finest.

Well that's a parasite calling a parasite a "parasite"! This Lohan the loser show is so old and tired. Make it go away, I'm begging you!!!

If she doesn’t get her life fixed , here is how it is going to be.  Lindsey will be found dead of a drug overdose.  Show Biz, Entertainment tonight and the others like them will dedicate a week of telling how a great of an actress she was and how she will be missed. Nut cases will dream up tales it was murder or that she was sober at the time.  Life will go on and we will be talking about the next train wreck that is coming down the tracks.

Lindsey is here, giving thumbs down to true comments, lol

why is the  court scheduling another hearing in May if she is supposed to go into a lockdown rehab for 90 days? why not right now? wihat is wrong with this picture?

For what 2 days this girl gets away with everything what are they waiting for her to kill some one on the roadDon't care anymore...

Is there any truth in the rumour (that I'm circulating) that Lyndsy is actually researching prison conditions for an upcoming, all female cast, remake ofCool Hand Luke ??

nice boobs

The best "justice" money can buy.The Judges should be fired for sure. When she kills someone I hope the family goes directly to the judge for accountability.But, after all, she is making the "Just Us" system a lot of money. That's what its really all about. Its like the reporter here wrote, don't tell me you don't want people out breaking the bazillion laws you have because the Just Us system would shut down.

This is one of rhw reasons our country is set for disaster. We complaint about the way other countries apply their laws, but we are just as bad. Everything and everywhere revolves around how much money you have and the more you have the more you can buy. Even freedom!  What a joke.

and could we please not hear anything about her while she's locked up!...She's so old news!

Rehab cant help some folks.....or fix stupid!  I just wish someone would ship her and her mother off somewhere where I never had to hear her name again!!!!  ENOUGH already!!!!

Don't hold your breath waiting for her to get any this scheduled or done on time

#$%$.

Bobby brown must be sick about it 55 days ib the clink, and lindsay singing his song, Its my Perogative i do what i want to do.#$%$

Shhhh! quiet Lindsay has something to say, ( next victim).

Anyone else reporting before a judge an hour late would be in contempt of court and made to do jail time for that alone.  Lohan has had too many chances to reform, has ignored them all and is still out doing her petty little crimes with no punishment.  If I stole a $2500 piece of jewelry you can be darned sure I would still be sitting in jail.  The judge is doing her no favors treating her like a delicate little flower.  She will do what she wants, when she wants.  Pathetic.

Pray there is some hope for that train wreck.  She's been given enough chances that's for sure.

The Rehab Queen

What a joke

What a joke...

The judge needs to recuse himself.  If it were me as Latina or anyone else of color, she would have been guilty.  Who has what over this family please?

....Heh, Heh..She has untill May 2nd to stay out of trouble.! Can she do it.? My "Magic 8 Ball" sez.."Outlook Not So Good".!

Long to see Lindsay Babe in action.....Hope that rehab would work well this time!!!jail wont do anything she will be treated like a movie star she will eat comasary not jail food drug rehab will be worse on her jails not as bad as people think if she was thair she would be put in pc or with people with drug charges not killers or rapests she would have it easy the jails going to let her get not

And the saga continues...........

Sort of reminiscence of that once great beauty Elizabeth Taylor...But Lindsay has no talent..

why does lohan keep getting a pass, if this isn,t double standard, i don know what is

I wanted her to go to jail, so she could be my behotch....

Drugs are a horrible thing.  They take your soul.  I hope Ms Lohan takes this opportunity and gets the help she needs.

The #$%$ judge should have to go with her, they give this #$%$ so many #$%$ breaks

I wonder if those two professionals standing on either side of Lohan in the picture above would have received the same leniency in court.

As long as you watch her movies, you keep her in money and drugs, and yes, even the ability to buy her way out, Linsey is a great one nighter, but her attitude sucked "but she didn't"

if I did all of that do you think you or me would go to jail and is it just star power!Put this little tart behind bars, enough of her ignorant behavior.

She should have been in jail from the first incident., I tell you the judge should make an example out of Lohan and send her to jail or else her misconduct will escalate and eventually she will graduate and kill someone.

ANY JUDGE SHE GOES IN FRONT OF SHOULD NEVER GET THE JOB BACK FIRE EVERY ONE OF THEM.Make it a goal to get rid of them.Unite to fire the judges.

She need to do some real jail time. So sad when you have all that money but no common sense to realize how much damage you can do when drunk. Straight alcoholic but in denial. Wow...

This girl should be buying lottery tickets - I swear she's the luckiest b*itch on the planet every time she takes a gamble.

she is such a failure and the only way she gets attention is things like this...BOO

Loser.  Period.

aahhhwhere am iwho are you peoplewhere's my cokeit's glitteri'm famous you know

Who cares

so makes u  wonder how much r the judges getting paid??  thats why she dont give a rats #$%$. a real judge would of have kept her #$%$ in jail years ago.Are you serious, free again with rehab as punishment, gimme a friggin break!

She should change her name to Lindsay LoClass.........LMAO

And she is news why?

She'll be out in a couple days..but it's like Madea said she might not have a license but she still got the the keys..And everyone is saying she a celebrity..hardley that anymore she's a hot mess!! She isn't never going top learn until she kills someone sorry to say.

People don’t get real help for addiction unless they get real consequences for their actions. No one is helping her, they are only enabling her to continue her self-destruction. Sadly this results in many early tragic deaths.

once again, money talks.  I bet my booty she is out early and living the high life once again.           Shame Shame  Shame .

Americans are NOT equal! Have money and you get a slap on the hand,no money and you get slapped into a jail cell. Will it ever change?

Enough is enough!  Do law has a special section for celebrity?  Do we just slap her hands until she commit a felony like killing someone in a DUI?

I think if you can say anything about a person red you should not say anything at all.

“Lousy  Lindsay looking dingy “Who cares about her anyway, she is nothing but problems, and she is not much of an entertainer anyway.  The sooner she quits trying to be an entertainer, the sooner she can try to get a job as a Wal-Mart over night stocker.  WORTHLESS SHOULD BE HER MIDDLE NAME..

HO HUM.

Daja Vu

I thought justice was for all why is this think still on the streets what a justice system

The last time she was on Jay  Leno's show, she bragged about taking her career seriously now and  winning the  Academy Award.  The only reason she was on was because her lawyer at the time knew Jay.  LL is seriously  delushional.

Yea right like this is going to help. When she gets out she'll do it again. this woman needs to get some real time, maybe then she'll get the message.

Lindsay, aren't you tired of being a victim? Who do you think controls your future?

Put her #$%$ in the can!

Stop Buying Her Then She Want Have Money And If She Keep Up With What She Is Doing She Will Run Out Of MONEY ONE DAY Uh Uh UH!!!  ( YOUR SMART BoaterBob)

She better get to rehab, she better go, go, go..............................Lohan is the Poster Child of "Publicity Stunt Junkies."

"Got Lohan"

Lindsay needs to go to prison for 1 year in regular population, no special treatment.  Or we could sneak her into Mexico and they can keep her.

I don't get it, she has $$ what the hell does she want getting in trouble?

Good for her. She skated again. The Justice system is broke. Hope her rehab is in Hawaii so she can get a nice tan.

LL's future address - the "Party Hearty Rehab Center" which provides rehab services to Hollywood stars and "very special rich people." She isn't worried since she will have temper tantrums unless she is allowed to come and go as she pleases.

Know what I like about her.....NOTHING.......Know when I like her best.....NEVER.....Has thrown away a chance at being something.....Instead chose to be NOTHING.....What a waste of life......

rehab is a lost cause.the best shrink filled me in on the scam.(the psychology center)

people need to stop coddling her. When the money and fame are gone, then will she end up in jail or worse...

Someone sprayed something on her on the way in to court, what was that? Where was the black lady lawyer? Why was her dad mad at her new lawyer?To have the life as fullfilling as a star and to throw it away for stupidity. Help? is it really what she wants. Or as cindy lauper would sing girls just want to have fun.

I'd work her rockin body over still. . . . drunk and drugged out or not. . . .she is still a woman who commands sexy.

She'll figure it all out after the only offers she'll get are porn flicks.

All this "thing" has to do is step out to the grocery store, and the paparazziare on her.  For every photo, article (true or not), scandal (true or not) printedof her, she gets paid.  For everyone reading and commenting on here, Yahoois paying her from your Internet bill.  Follow the money... This "thing" will alwayspay her way out of jail, etc, because we -- reading and commenting -- aremaking her rich.  It's all of 1-half-of-1-cent per month from me... TIME$MILLION$ AND MILLION$!!!

I think that every rehab in the world is expecting her someday. "Ooooooh judgy-judgy...I'll work it off...whateva you want."

Who pays her Legal Fees?  She should go to  a Prison with a Mental Health  Ward.  She's crazy.

Could you imagine if this was a regular person?  God wouldn't be able to find them they would be so deep in jail

Sorry to say she looks like a worn out junkie to me.  What a shame, she actually had talent years ago.

Why do we the public have to be informed on every move this brainless cow makes??Who really cares??? Lohan is not news,just another dumb blond #$%$!!!!!

This is such a joke, they make are justice system look so corrupt, if any regular people pulled this stuff, you would find them under the jail, put her in county jail for 18 months and be done with it.maybe a judge should be honest sand tell

She is just wasted space.  The justice system is even worse than that.  Go figure.

Giver a break. After all she's a famous #$%$.

wow, what a joke, rehab.....do you judicial people have any idea at all what kind of message you're sending,,,,obviously not,,,,so let me educate you very briefly.....justice has a price tag.....isn't it amazing, the one charge that could and should have been viewed as a felony obstructing a police officer was dropped......once again this delinquent skips through the legal system.......and her dad, please, someone put a muzzle on him.....a little late there pop for you to be playing the daddy role, but 3 cheers for the gallant try.....good Lord what a geek....anyway, it is what it is, and they called John Gotti teflon, move over Mr Gotti Lindsay the loser is moving in........what a joke.....

Still haven't heard what day she is supposed to report for rehab incarceration?

I am no fan of Lohan's, but that attorney of hers irritates me faaaar more!  She actually seems "together" when she is next to him.  But, same with her mother.  I guess she prefers to be around people lower than her.  She is pond #$%$, they are the bacteria that feed on the #$%$.  Her sentence was fair though.  Her problems are catching up with her now.  The dominoes are falling and nothing will change that momentum at this point.

This is one troubled beatch...My God...what a waste. Can you imagine someone marrying that crazy? (oops, I did)...Not fun.

Will the leagal system ever stop enabeling this lost sole...

rehab, again........................gee................if it were me my #$%$ would be in jail  Such a pig

I'm come from a wealthy family I can get away with anything , I will not have to spend time in Jail .Our system sucks Big #$%$ time these people never learn...................................Just kill yourself already. I hope someone sneaks in a bunch of drugs in rehab and she just dies from an overdose. DIE LINDSAY, DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

put her in with oj

Jail, then death penalty.

The GARY MOORE SHOW, brought to you by POST TOASTIES.

Their talking about removing tobacco out of sight,this chick need to be taken from our sight.

If I could give 5 thumbs up to Mike for "So cash, does buy freedom!" I would!! So true, So true!

Money talks and ... oh never mind.

Why doesn't she and her degenerate family move back to the Bronx already?

90 days. Yeh right. Her lawyers will have her out by morning.

Boy I love her I hope this time someone can reach her intersoul and stop this mindless over and over again treatment.  Maybe this time she will come though with a will to beat this pest and show her inter self to me and give me a #$%$!I'll believe it when it HAPPENS. What a sociopath strange little girl. She has things most people dream of (or not) and just keeps screwing up. By the time you are 50 you should learn to live life right.

Looking pretty rough, wow!

Want hair like Lohan? Virgin indian hair!

Don't worry Lindsay, nothing to celebrate anyway!

So What!!

Well Grease My Wheels.

I think she has a bright future...as a porn star....

This judge is a joke in the worst kind like a bag of dog #$%$ set on fire on your door step

ah the trials and tribulations of the privileged

Spoiled rich brat!!!Lohan needs to be behind bars for a year or 2. If this was me or you we would have been in jail for a long time. Money and fame gets you out .

PROOF the rich and famous are not subject to the same laws as everybody else ! How many times has she been to rehab now? Had this been you or I, we'd be calling our next lover by the name Bubba or Big Bertha. Just how many chances will this #$%$ be getting?

OD and GO AWAY !!!!!!

I want to know who her lawyers are.  If I hire them, maybe I can get rid of many of my Yahoo detracters and get off lite.

She should come to my place for 90 days I'll keep her off drugs and booze.

Disgusting !!  All we can hope for is she gets drunk/high - picks up both her parents in a car she's driving herself and they all go over a cliff.

Just send her to my place. Will make sure she stays here and rehab the hell out of her. BAM

Has LL ever  had a boyfriend?  Has she always been a Lesbian?

How many second chances is this TRAIN WRECK going to get? Throw her in jail like the rest of us would have been!

I agree with Three Dog Mama!  Enough is enough.  If she was not a celebrity, she would not be getting this type of preferential treatment.  Lock her up!and this is news because..............?..........oh, nevermind

Nice rack!

It's not what or who you know,..But who you blow.....FACT

just change her name to lindsay kardashian she'll fit right in.

I am just so very sick &amp; tired of women getting off the hook simply because they are female !  This train wreck should've been put in prison years ago !  Men; it's high time we start writing, calling &amp;c. our elected officials and demand the double standards in the criminal justice system are eliminated once and for all !  Demand that Obama's daughters serve alongside our young men in times of war--and no, I am NOT joking !  Enough of this #$%$ already !  Women want "equal rights" except in the realm of crime &amp; punishment and other areas when it does not suit their very selfish interests. I say it's high time they get the "equal rights" they've fought so long &amp; hard for during the past few decades.

bless her, she is as is all ,proven guilty til innocent.let those without sin sast the first stone.,.

Her addictions are the cause of all her legal problems, she must stop and get well I pray for her.  Her father should know this, however, he keeps blaming everyone else.  Mr. Lohan if she doesn't stop she will be dead sooner then later.  I know this because my own son died this last Dec.  I enabled him longer then I should have and I am sorry for that now.  My heart is broken everyday and I miss him so much everyday.  I wake up thinking of him and go to bed thinking of him.  Save her before it is too late.

rehab - she needs one thing - repent of her sins and ask Jesus to save her !then and only then does she have a chance !

Is there a state that doesn't have a double standard for the prosecution of the wealthy?

Another one day rehab sentence?  She never follow through on rehab.  She will continue her behavior because she knows no one will do anything about it.No such thing as equality under the law

This chick is a waste. If a regular citizen had this potatohead's rap sheet, he would have served time long ago.

I can remember my Aunt telling my cousins "one more time and that's it" all day long. I used to wish she was my mom because we never got one more time once and she didn't spare the rod.Looks like this girl grew up with a "one more time mom"lol.Some never get the gift they are given we will probably be reading about her in the obits. if she does it one more time.

I don't understand why she was able to arrive to court late... anyone else would have been found in contempt.  However, all this is going to take its toll and, unfortunately, she'll end up the same as that country singer if she doesn't find her soul.

Sounds like it's time to get rid of the judges who constantly put up with her bs. Enough is enough. Oops, but it's ca. We must kiss the celebs (I use the term loosely in her case) butt's.

Some of the best drugs to be had on the market, you get in rehab

So hot! I just wish I could hit that before she's pusshing daisy's

Who has walked in Lindsay's exact shoes?  We are imperfect, and in process.  I would favor under-punishment to over-punishment.  Remember Roman history, and the days of Puritanism?

Im committed to Barak Obama and Lindsey Lohan.

I wanna be in lockdown with herShe a celebrity and to me the sentence was fair. She gets scrutinized more because of her celebrity. How do u know what happens to the average joe when you rarely hear about their cases and sentnces?  Her father needs to stay away from her. He seems to be the one to need counseling more than she does. Hope she gets through this ok. Most of you sound jealous. But thats normal for the average joe now isnt it!

Justice is not blind.

I forgive you Ms.Lohan and I will Pray for your soul

Let him that is without sin cast the first stone.

When I see the nasty Comments here, it becomes clear to me why she's so messed up.   Instead of helping her, people make her worse by showing their hatred.

Hang in there Ms Lindsay . you are still the best and the most gorgeous actress in hollywood. Stay safe , we Love you. You still have an exciting career ahead  :)

The common man goes to jail. The rich and the famous go to rehab. Equal justice for all ???

lohan is hopeless...she is beyond help, a sad, sad excuse for a person, no value to society or herself, likely is in the genes.

Eventually,she is going to kill someone, in her crazy way of life.  if she does the judges should go to jail with her.

Getting tried of this,  if it was a average person with little money by now they would be in JAIL and the keys pitch away...................Did I go back in time?  I thought I already read this story.

This is news?

She also has to do 13 months of psycho-therapy, if they did that to everyone in Hollywood that needs it, it would shut down the entertainment industry...

give it two years...unfortunately this woman will be dead!

this is a first class example how the courts treat the rich from the average person. if this was joe shmucketelly from down the street he would have been thrown in prison the first day.

To much money, to much time on her hands, and parents who have lived off of her fame equals no sympathy from me. She needs to go to general population lock up, that would be the best rehab this spoiled little rich kid needs to wake her up to what happens to the real world criminals.

March Madness:Relasp Is a Part Of Recovery!So being a Celebrity may get you 5-10 X in Court &amp; Rehab Counseling Centers!

Is there any chance she has a turnaround like Robert Downey Jr? Not that I see, unless she runs into a sympathetic judge who gives her a choice between a year in in-patient rehab or a year in prison. She cannot be enjoying her drug addicted life right about now. The thrill is gone; all she's got now is faded looks, a broke down career, and a dwindling bankroll.