Fact is most medical equipment companies tried to pass the 2.3% federal excise tax to their customers, clinics and hospitals.  Most hospitals refuse to pay because the affordable care act shaved a little off of everyone.  Those medical device equipment companies are having to pay the 2.3% tax themselves.  Hospitals had to take smaller Medicare reimbursements, etc. and are not letting them pass on the costs.

Maybe the health care equipment companies will help us to abolish Obamacare. They will be financially hurt a LOT by this.

Just want to take this opportunity to THANK those that fell "hook", "line", and "sinker" for what's coming to all of us and the havoc you've helped reap on this nation.       N O T !!!!!!!!!!!!!

Stryker is a big supporter of Obama's also.Check out how much cash Obama has already got from these people!

Who do you think will be getting a LOT of kickbacks from the lobbyists ?? Obamacare will make the man a Billionaire when he leaves office.. PLEASE mark your calendars that Italian told You so !!!!! =))

Heath panels for seniors will stop knee and hip replacements!Palin was right about death panels for seniors!

Some fell some rose that is what business is all about Some do well some fail.

Is it true that there is a part of the gun control bill that includes doctors asking patients for any kind of visit if they own a gun?  America sounding more and more like Cuba.

This doesn't have that much to do with Health Care. It really is about income redistribution, voted for by people who stand to be on the receiving end and people with absolutely no common sense.

Health care equipment going up folks, everything is going up. Not looking very good.It is said, not one politician in Washin#$%$on is an organ donor; in retrospect, we should cherish such a theory....

obamacare: The American people's new nightmare!...Coming soon!!!Everybody wanted it, including the U.S. Supreme Court, didn't they???

We all may as well get used to the fact that it's here, it sucks, and there's not a hell of a lot we can do to change it. The ultimate irony is that our legislators have had the opportunity for years to stop this monstrosity from happening if they would have gotten of their lobbied #$%$ and dealt with tort reform, insurance reform and found sensible ways to curtail the waste and fraud in the medicare system. Malpractice insurance to the medical industry is a major factor in health care cost and the laws that prevent competition within the insurance industry across state lines is another. We've only hit the tip of the iceberg......has anybody considered how competent health care will be when the entire industry is Gov. owned and controlled?????????

Part of Obama's plan  to lower cost of health care is to put a higher tax on medical devices so any one one buying them pays more. This is what happens when low information voters win the day.

If Obamacare is so good, why doesn't the President and Congress sign up for it?

And that is just the good news.

Anyone see a trend here?  Anyone, Buhler, Buhler...

Who's bright idea was it to tax health care equipments!   It does not make any sense to me.

Here we go, get ready for the ride of our lives.

Lots of criticism here about government involvement in health care management. Over 50% of Americans have favored a national health plan for about 20 years. Lobbyists stop the conversation. I say, look it up. Single Payer. See video,"Sick Around the World", online. I DARE you. See it before you speak to anyone, again.LOL. Democrats Ask For Delay In Obamacare Taxes On Medical Devices. Which They Voted For!

Everybody has a WMD------------Therefore, as H. C. declines--Morticians are going great guns.

In repsonse to lots negative health care system talk here:  A national health system is not about national 'ownership', it is about an administrative model which would replace the current and foolish insurance company middleman appproach. Insurance companies do not provide health care - they provide administration - and happily have control - and happily take our ill-spent dollars to the bank and offshore accounts. Talk about bloated administration? We have been idiots. See "Sick Around the World", online vid...I Dare all naysayers to watch that video...before speaking, again. Don't be a sissy.

The rich come here for treatment like cosmetic surgery but working people in other modern countries love their Healthcare.

0 bama is a POS

We are the ONLY industrialized nation on this planet without nationwide heath care. WE allow Congress to be owned by corporate greed because you say "Single Payer" and people yell 'socialism'..... Want a better system? Look at Canada.

obama failed economics, he was too busy doing advanced gay studies at the gay bath house

worthless article... timeline worthless... no ANALisys

less profit less tax revenue, liberalism is retarded

obama so stupid, even jesse jackson dont get itgreat news, less taxes for obama after he shafts medicine

God wants me to become, that is, incarnate myself into obamacare for fox news watchers only...

Must be some secret "deal" exempting their stuff from the new tax!