I bet each candidate is selected by a group of terrorists, Al-Qaeda's most influential and strongest group Al-Nusrah's candidate has to win or no elections will be accepted, this group is ruling most of controlled areas that are divided into small Emirates the same as Taliban and Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan, this is the way the two operate to prevent any vacancies in the land.

Sounds to me that some of the candidates are only there to take advantage. What does a real estate euntrapaneur from Dubai have to to do with running Syria? How many of the extremist groups will really recognize the new government? Also it sounds like several of the candidates used to work for Assad. It sounds like to me that forming an opposition government is going to bring more division. In the meantime the people of Syria suffer and have no say so over their own governance.

Any elections or appointing people to form a government will not happen without the rebels/terrorist organization approve of it, the foreign fighters in Syria/Al-Qaeda and its affiliates like Al-Nusrah group are the true leaders and rulers of any territory outside Assad's controlled areas, they will dictate to the Syrians how to run their country and these terrorists refuse to leave Syria no matter what the outcome will be, they have major plans to spread through Lebanon and change it into an Islamic state that's if Hezbollah doesn't eliminate them completely if Israel doesn't interfere and attack Hezbollah from the south, their other plan is to attack Israel from the Golan heights if they succeed in Lebanon where they use it for another front, REBELS/TERRORISTS ARE THE WORST NEWS IN THE REGION AND COULD BE THE START OF WW3.

If Assad is telling the truth they will have election next year, so they have to prepare and the winner should take the presidency, is much better to prepare for election than to kill or get killed

Measured intervention from West and Turkey and continued financing from Arab Peninsula all indicate portioning of Syria has been the goal from the beginning. A new Sykes-Picot dividing peoples along sectarian lines is now in view or else the deluge.

The National Progressive Front is toast.  Second Amendment rights should be universal; every government should fear its people.

This translates to 0bama will up the welfare check to the Syrian alternate government by a few billion dollars

Some folks want to recreate dinosaurs but taking a world view it might be more beneficial to resurrect Alexander The Great!

Soon to be another case of "meet the new boss, same as the old boss".

"Obviously (the opposition) has been very frightened of trying, because it does not have a real social base on the ground, and it is worried that if it fails, it will get egg on its face," said Landis, who runs a blog called Syria Comment.First off, the "opposition council" is made up of people who have probably spent more time in the US and the UK in the last 20 years than they have in Syria. Secondly, these guys, like the jokes we propped up in Tripoli aren't even known to the local people and electorate they have no real political base. Thirdly, as the article points out, they have no real authority over the fighters on the ground talk less of the Al Qaeda linked ones. These clowns have probably never even been to the front lines or taken a bullet for the cause. So, who exactly nominated and presented them as "leaders of the revolution"?And let me guess what the "interim government" is comprised of.  Let me think now....MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD/AL QAEDA!Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out the "Arab Spring" is a "Spring" into radical Islam, now does it?

Another Sharia 'republic' to be ruled by our enemies.Arabs don't want democracy; they have never had anything approaching it.Stop giving them anything and let them kill each other off.

5 qualifications for being Syrian Prime Minister...5. Must be willing to take money from US Govt. (that narrows it to 500 million)4. Member of the Muslim Brotherhood. (down to 20 million)3. Member of Al-Qaeda Terror Network. (down to 5 million)2. Must swear to annihilate Israel from the face of the earth. (back up to 20 million)1. Agree to enslave the people in 12th century ideologies. (holding at 5 million)Well, there you go, there's plenty to choose from...actually any fool will do.

Who control the Rebels.

Mossad, CIA, MI6 and France's secret services' perfect done job. Well planed and well performed. Instead to invade Syria like Bush did in Iraq, they imployded it from inside. Perfect. The problem is what will hapen later, after the terrorists keep office in Damascus. Not better than the terrorism that is rulling now Afghanistan, Libia, Tunisia and Iraq.

not to worry. ovomit will make sure the mudslime brotherhood takes over another nation. his plan for world domination of islam is on track.

That will be the first government of the biblical stile proportions.12 PM's, like the 12 disciples of the Christian Bible, wonder which one will prove to be Judas.Just curious.

In the chaos in Syria, I'm glad to see the opposition is at least trying to put together a government that will reduce the chaos overall.  Face it. Assad prefers a hodgepodge coalition in the opposition so he can remind everyone that HE is the genuine government and "they" the opposition are just rebels. With an interim government established, with all it's attended risks, the opposition can shed the motly descriptions and take some of the self righteousness from Assad.

Want to bet it's Al Qaida/Brotherhood controlled?

My question is , will this be another Arab Brotherhood Dictatorship or a Democracy  ?Twelve candidates are running, including economists, businessmen and a former Syrian Cabinet minister.( They are all traitors and rebels of the Syrian govt. and supported by foreign dictators. They will be provided more of American tax dollars. All crooks on both sides. )

Not near as important as, Saint Patricks Day.

I read a report that there are over 2M children at risk of death or irreparable harm due to this tragic and violent conflict. Do you think that the venal and corrupt people who run the world could put aside their vicious practices; or are they more comfortable being thought of as child killers.What a legacy. Global, INC. You guys suck.

-The United States and its allies will attack Iran after the elections and it matters not who is president. The events were set in motion by Richard Nixon when he arranged for the USA to protect the Saudi Royal Family in exchange for the petrodollar.*PETRODOLLAR – The Final Act- America’s National Debt and ‘Unfunded Liabilities’ have been growing by $5 Trillion annually. The Total Debt is over $138 TRILLION – usdebtclock dot org. Our tax revenue and T-bill rates have been plummeting. We have lost our leverage to acquire strategic assets like oil and credit and our Empire is starting to Crumble from Consumption and Excessive Spending on Social Programs and Military Adventures.- On March 20, 2012 the start of a new Iranian year, Iran began its world changing move away from the Petrodollar. This world changing move will spread like a plague through the world killing the Petrodollar along the way. The only option America has to ‘save’ what’s left of the dollar is to militarily crush those trying to eliminate the Petrodollar.*Stay tuned – the next couple of years are going to be one hell of a ride.Side Note:Syria’s chemical weapons must be secured first.

Syria Sux........Period..

Other nations should all back off and let Syria and the rebels battle it out to a "winner takes all" finish.  Then and only then should we look at the stand the winning side takes regarding peaceful relations with the rest of the world.If their intentions are peaceful, leave them alone.  On the other hand if their intentions are to strike or support terrorism, then they will need to be crushed (without the use of ground troops).

So Al QUeda wants to set up another Sharia law government in Syria? I think they're getting a little ahead of themselves considering they're losing ground against Assad and Iraq and Iran are stepping up support for the real Syrian government. Sorry, Al Queda terrorist, Jihadis, Taliban and radical Islamist, your days are numbered.

Without the American,Qatari ,Saudi and Turkish dollars the opposition Terrorists will simply vanish from Syria.Majority of Syrians are against terrorism!

The western powers' involvement  .. coupled with Obama's "smart decisions" which only provide ($$$$+) the means to prolong the suffering of the people who are trapped inside the ongoing Syrian conflict .. clearly shows the world that the "good guys" have no desire for peace.

has any Islamic terrorist groups taken over any of these countries do they have an impact yes but i do believe they will never be relevant Islam is very important to these nations so thats not going away are all Muslims terrorists and extreme this is seen with every religion and the way the humane interprets its religious documents it really comes down to an ideology of conservative and liberal way of thinking it also applies to religion  we are seeing this in our country of coarse not to the extreme in the Islamic world eventually this will end and hopefully a better age will emergeEvery major power playing criminal in on earth has a finger in this mess. They call themselves politicians but that's just a glorified name for a high class #$%$.

Obama has and will give millions to these rebels/terrorists.  He thinks he knows it all , when in reality, he is a big talking moron.

A few words of wisdom for the new interim government: Keep extremism out of the party core, embrase all the factions equally, ban Sharia, and don't forget how and why this civil war started....it's all about democracy!

can we set up an interim govt that upholds the constitution and bill of rights?can we set up an interim govt that will outlaw central banking of any form?can we set up an interim govt that encourages and rewards individual liberty and success?can we set up an interim govt while we arrest the present globalist that are destroying our country?can we set up an interim govt while we execute these hateful leeches?then can we set up a govt of patriots that serve for a time and then go home so the next can serve us?

Well that's putting the cart before the horse in every sense. I guess they didn't hear that the EU told france and britain to f/k off.

Tons of weapons for Al Qaida linked "rebels" in Syria. A ban on semi-automatic weapons for Americans. Thanks a lot Obama.

strategically,Assads forces will have to strike hard and fast,and worry about the outcry AFTER he has regained control of his country...otherwise,it can only end in annexation

The smart thing would be for the  Christians and Kurds to negotiate a deal with the Sunnis to form a new Sunni controlled state with guarantees of safety and participation to those 2 groups mentioned. I don't think the Shia  will be happy with this, but they only make up about 13% of the population. Of course religion, as usual, will probably prevent any logical cooperation and a lot of people will suffer and die.

I'm sure Kerry-Heinz will give them the seal of approval too.  Terrorist free, and they love Americans too!  Another OPERATION FLOWER POWER success story!

Hey USA, France, Britain and all of NATO- Time to keep your noses and your meddeling out of other people's business!!Obama,  The quicker F++++**.R upper..

Arab Sprung.

When it comes to the Middle East, it's best to keep our nose out of their civil disputes, because we might find out the side we are backing may be worse than the side trying to be pushed out.

It is a sad day indeed when the media supports our governments deception. As a Christian missionary in Syria, I only blame the west for the violence for supplying radical Islamist with the money to protests and the weapons to kill 70,000 + civilians. I have always been a proud American, and thankful for my blessings. But I am ashamed that our politicians who profess their religiousness in public and go about causing war. Assad as much as you'd love to hate him was a British educated leader who was voted in by Christians and Muslims alike and ruled over a peaceful nation. Homs, Hama, Baniyas, Jasim, Aleppo, Damascus and so on, beautiful cities destroyed because of lies and greed. Woman  and girls raped by the rebels and people tortured. It is horrifying and shocking to me.

so these syrian opposition candidates come from places like ontario and texas? what a very grassroots bunch of native syrians....its like candidates from bulgaria and nepal coming here to the u.s. to run for office.

If this was the USA and we knew when and when high level individuals of the enemy were to be, we would send in a drone attack to wipe them out.  Good thing for the rebels it is Assad who is trying to keep the civil war inside the boundaries of Syria.

A new government to persecute more Christens, remember Lybia, and all we hear out of Washington, is the morning Mecca prayer.

Wow, lot's of Dems and Al Queda on the forums tonight.

So Obama is taking all are gun rights to stop killing and giving guns (he will)to Syria so they can kill each other off .Assad is not a problem to the USA,but Obama is.

With the help and financial aid from the USA and CIA.Can we run for one of those offices.  I think i would make a good  rag head because i can shoot in all direction.  Make me Secretary of Offensive Odors.

I got $10 that says it won't be Pro Israel, or Christian...

this country will go straight to the leadership of the muslim brotherhood...watch and see

So....Sharia Law take over another country...

LOL..  Here it comes..    within 6 months of the Government being put into operation, and Obama giving them your tax dollars to help..  You will watch them rioting in the streets and chanting "This is what we asked for!!"   But now that another Mohamed Morsi has been put in power, they will have to fight again to get him out..And all your money in aid was wasted..   Again...

at this pace,there will probably be a North and south Syria,...like how Korea became North and South...both sides may want to mull that over

Headline should read USA, France and Briton set up rebel government to oppose Syria.

Two faced America supports terrorists in Syria.

syria already have government

So their fighting a dictator and setting up their own dictatorship government.. wonderful...If the Rebel's want the people to follow them then open up a few Subway Restaurants.

I wonder how many millions of our tax dollars Obama plans to give to this lot ? Chances are good Syria will be taken over by Islamic terrorists types if and when Assad is ever given the boot. Either way I couldn't care less who kills who in Syria. Muslims killing other Muslims is nothing new. It is their favorite sport and has been for hundreds of years.They only kill Jews and Christians when they are bored with killing each other. Allah Akbar ! Let the killings go on and on and on and on and on...............

Good for them. Wish them all the best and would like them to do all those great things without any US tax dollars. We need no part of that mess. Nor should we pay for it.

The whole situation is just a crock of spoiled beans anyway.

On world news, zion-israel is now sending *advanced weapons systems* into Turkey for the western sponsored terrorists. Presumptively Obama has gone to Tel Aviv to set them up as proxy US terrorist group to invade Syria. Similiar to the secret French, British, zionists, (US hiding behind the curtain) Protocol of Sevres, Tripartite Aggression, Sinai War Oct. 1956 for invasion of Egypt, murder of Nasser. But the zionists then attacked the USS Intel ship Liberty killing the crew and attacked Syria Golan Heights. This in preparation for their next invasion of Lebanon. France-built nuclear weapon factory at Dimona, in Negev, was payment to zionists attack on Egypt -- giving zion-israel nuclear weapons. As soon as Bush SOF, Mossad murdered Al-Harrai to blame Syrian peace keepers from Lebanon, they again attacked, invaded lebanon. This because zion-israel is arid, desert and they must have water for expanision. The famous Litani River of Lebanon, 920 cu.meters/yr flow from fertile Beqaa originating ane exit totally from within Lebanon was exactly what zionists wanted. They had invaded Golan Heights in preparation. The easiest way to get the precious water of the Litani was by military force, so they again invaded Lebanon. The biblical Jordan River is now dry, once fertile Jordan valley is desert. famous Dead Sea tourist attraction is a mud hole. The region of the Dimona nuclear weapon factory is contamnated. This is all secret from no one.Available to anyone that cares to google, to research it. And I don*t care to hear comments from the usual hate mongers, paid posters, etc. All stated here is available to public, and requires not much effort to verify it.

You know that Turkey is moving away from being secular?  Keeps helping the Muslims take over, real intelligent.

The west should have backed Assad......think of the lives lost and ruined because of not doing so...

They going to "govern" the rebel-controlled areas from another country?The only thing "governing" those areas is Muhammad.

To HeII with communism, liberalism, and democrats.  Keep America white.  Vote GOP.  God Bless the USA

Just like Nazi-fascist Bosnia and Kosovo-Albanian Muslim terrorist criminals,massiveillegal immigrants and occupiers of Serb land&amp;homes ever since 1941 as Adolf Hitler'sand Croatian communo-fascist Josip Broz-Tito's allies,Syrians terrorist criminals are nowready for forming their own government with the help of Nazi-fascist Hitler's brothers.Whatdo you think about it and how do you like it?The capital is in Paris?

Be careful what you wish for, folks!

Sounds like Kosovo with a little Iraq sprinkled on top. Waiting for the false flag.

What a joke. The rebels are hiding among civilians so that when Syria retaliates because of the rebel attacks civilians will be in the line of fire. The rebels are cowards.

this is smart on their part to stop the possible void vaccum when the assad regime falls, but i hope there are guidelines for some form of order amid the chaos when it occurs, and that the usual civil war among the differnet factions can be avoided with this measure

I don't think the guys that hang out in Turkey - Syrians who left the Assad administration, but are still loyal to him - just in case!!!, etc., then the typical Syrian who doesn't know who to follow but is willing to do it for a dime; then the die-hard Hezbullah types who want a duplicate government they can do business with even before "business" is over with the current government of Syria.In short, this "interim government" does not represent anybody new - just the ones in exile and not the rebels themselves.They guys who do the fighting are the ones to decide the next government; not the "wannabees" who will "take it over from here. . .boys. . ." add them to the list to shoot!If Syria is ever to obtain normalcy, it will come as a result of internal forces that control the people have say over the government.  The case has been, for the past 50 years, the government does not know anything about the people; could care less.The people themselves, not the artificial, decadents that want to have all the money and prestige again.

will that be some thing new a goverment without a country

How much longer before our politicians are slobbering over themselves at the chance to give them free Abraham's tanks and f-16s for no reason.

For get about NATO. Where is the Arab league in this mess? It's their brothers and they are sitting on their hands and guess who will get the blame. Wake up America!!!! Politics has to be on the front row of this one. Russia and China will end up with all the oil and they won't fire a shot and the rest of the world doesn't have a clue. What interest does OPEC have in this middle east mess? Will it effect them?

oposition  (not Syrians citizens ) will set up goverment? --you mean UN, USA and Israel ? What did Syria did to you--except to steal  and own syria to  is**rael- ?Its time that Syria will set uo  usar goverment !Maybe they should try a gun-buy-back program for Rihanna tickets

"choose an interim president for areas the rebels control"Now here is a political model for conservatives to consider in the event that the (Washington regime) takes another single right away while we are sleeping.

Idiots.

Maybe we should try this

First amendment for the new government... Kill all who don't believe in the Koran.  People, we have another Taliban being created right before our very eyes... an our POS government supports it.

and it is called the muslim brotherhood and comrade obama likes it were screwed

This is complete absurd, and insane. They cannot establish some sort of gorvenment before stirped the active ruling government.

Just what Syria needs, a rump government.

More Islamist I would wager!

Do the candidates for a new Syrian government intend to recognize Israel as a legitimate neighbor? Perhaps become partners in trade? Help to become a friendly and steadying influence on the middle east?"Syria opposition to set up interim government" - How many times have I read this line before?

Use Turkey to stand up another "brotherhood regime"; go around in a circle and right back to Iran?Bush had it right but Turkey would not let us in from the north!Maybe now they pay for that huge mistake?

The Syrian opposition controls an area of Syria not much larger than a toilet.  The conflict in Syria shows no principles which means saudi arabia and its dogs allied themselves with the most brutal and criminal moslem groups such as the al-Qaida and Nusrat al-Islam. Strange that the west does not see this and act against these most hated and uncivilized sheikhs of the gulf countries.

Read the article "Blood Borders" from the June 2006 edition of the Armed Forces Journal if you want to understand NATO's grand plan for the Middle East.

I hope Assad destroy the UN, U.S. led AL-qeada Rebels.

YIP, YOU can not fight the zionist New World Order!They have the might &amp; the deceptive tools.They lie! They lie while they smile at you!They lie they are saving lives, when behind your back they are killing people in mass!HAARP anyone? Like being microwaved?Sky Spraying anyone? Like being sprayed with chemicals.Micro Chipped kids in Texas? YIP? Look it up?Fluoride in the water making people lethargic? Hitler did that?The whole mind control thing, scary! Heck back in 1965 , they could mind control a guyand make him kill people all the while he thought he was shooting targets.Ohhhhh, so much more!Africa? They have been killing &amp; reducing the population for years?South America? What 50  million natives destroyed in the 1900-2000Just like the USA Indians, they had to go!NOW, it's the Middle East?What next, the pre planned faked revolution in the USA, a divide &amp; conquerdeception to kill off unwanted people, YOU &amp; ME? I wonder?BUT, as YOU are totally aware, they gotta get your guns first.Those 30,000 drones to be delivered all over the USA, they ain't looking forArabs? Then who? YOU?God help us all.rick

So many well informed skeptics reside here in the comments!

Let's see...there are fighters in this group that want to destroy us.  So, we are going to recognize them as the legitimate government of Syria?  Hmm, only an, never mind, would suggest such a thing.  Both sides of this "movement" have committed attrocities.  Doesn't make any difference if our leaders are Democrats or Republicans, there have been some pretty bad decisions made.

I suggest United Nations Membership

God Bless Assad!!!The "rebels" can set up any government they want. The legitimate government in Syria is still going to be Assad's government.

What a crock. Said would make it harder to get a truceThey really think #$%$ will leave on his own

Just remember obama wasbehind this revolution from day one.

In public, the world condemns the violence.   In secret, the world is giddy about it.  The Syrian civil war ties up a lot of Islamic terrorists, their resources, and their allies (Iran, Hezbollah, and Assad's Syria), so that they can't bother/attack/bomb anyone else.  The icing on the cake is that the war is blamed on Assad, not the West for a change.  The foreign powers will manipulate this war to keep it going as long as possible.  The rebels...er..terrorists... will always be waiting for the assistance to make the "death blow", but they won't get it.

"Fifty men have run America, and that's a high figure" Joseph Kennedy,July 26 l936 NYTI have no doubt whatsoever,that these evil money powers are REALLY behind all these PROXY WARS +ALSO DONE 9/11 +JFK MURDERThe US /UK/ World has been run by criminals,money-diseased vultures -Rothschilds cartels/corporations/bankers/Oil barons/Military Industrial Complex/drug co lobbyists +corrupt politicians who empower them "in our name"Research proves;The Federal Reserve 'Chartered' themselves by deceit on Christmas Eve 1913.They are a private for profit consortium of phony money lenders -the type mentioned in the Bible -using a deceitful name 'Federal' -there's nothing Federal about them,except Federal Fraudsters issuing magic-hat sign-here money AS debt at interest -to the Federal Govt+people for mortgages etc -the greatest con in history -achieved by Lies,War,Murder,Assassination,Slavery,Theft,Treason -undermining The RepublicMost countries in the world have a central bankFor the last 20+ years it has been easy to spot where war involving USA / UK will break out Just look for the remaining nations with no central bank.In the year of 2000 there were seven countries without a Rothschild owned Central Bank::AfghanistanIraqSudanLibyaCubaNorth KoreaIranAs of today 3 countries remain without a central bank:CubaNorth KoreaIranspot the ball?1811:The charter for the Rothschilds Bank of the United States runs out and Congress votes against its renewalAt the time Andrew Jackson says,“If Congress has a right under the Constitution to issue paper money,it was given them to use by themselves, not to be delegated to individuals or corporations"Nathan Mayer Rothschild is not amused and he stated“Either the application for renewal of the charter is granted, or the United States will find itself involved in a most disastrous war”Andrew Jacksons' response to this is to say“You are a den of thieves and vipers,and I intend to rout you out, and by the Eternal God, I will rout you out”Nathan Mayer Rothschild’s reply to that being “Teach those impudent Americans a lesson. Bring them back to colonial status”1812:Backed by Rothschild money, the British declare war on the United StatesThe Rothschilds plan was to cause the United States to build up such a debt in fighting this war that they would have to surrender to the Rothschilds and allow the charter for the Rothschild owned Bank of the United States to be renewed.1835:President Jackson starts depositing federal funds into banks directed by democratic bankers rather than in the Rothschild controlled Bank of the United States. An assassination attempt is made on President Jackson and he would later claim that he knew the Rothschilds were responsible for that attempted as'ination.1837:Following his years of fighting against the Rothschilds and their central bank in America, President Jackson finally succeeds in throwing the Rothschilds central bank out of AmericaIt would not be until 1913 that the Rothschilds would be able to set up their third central bank in America, The Federal Reserve1862:By April $449,338,902 worth of Lincoln’s debt free money had been printed and distributed.He went on to state“We gave the people of this republic the greatest blessing they ever had, their own paper money to pay their own debts”1865:Lincoln assassinatedSearch;5th JUNE 1933 AMERICA LEGALLY BANKRUPTED when Franklin Roosevelt and Congress passed and signed the relevant legislation.THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE NEVER BEEN INFORMED -these insidious pple leeched USA dry to bankruptcy1963;JFK murdered -he found out the scale of it all -started to print genuine Govt interest-free money -he had to go9/11;We now have the motive.The evidence and proof clearly shows it really was a highly co-ordinated inside-pentagon job by these Mafioso to foment the USA+pple to war -to start the bulldozing -Iraq-Iran-Afg-Africa+so on

Our black ops are efficent in setting up puppet regimes --- the USA is behind this whole thing ONLY because of Israel --- w/ friends like Israel who needs enemies --- americans there is no need to wonder why our country sux hairyballs sax --- no israel means better america PERIOD

Rebels killed 40 government troops at a checkpoint in Palymyra today.   In Sbena, south of Damascus, they destroyed the homes of regime supporters and killed an undetermined number of enemies.   In Naima, near Darayaa they continued their assault on the surrounded 99th brigade.Clashes have erupted in a Al Suwayda, a mainly Druze city in southwestern Syria close to the border with Jordan. The province has only a very small muslim population. It's predominantly Druze with a sizable Eastern Orthodox minority.  Should the rebels take the town and the regime initiate the usual retaliatory shelling of civilians afterwards, Putin's reaction could get interesting and I'd expect the number of emigres to Russia would increase.

the so-called free syrian army like all the creations of the fukus (franceukus) are a joke. they were created to make mutherfocking israel stronger and Syria weaker and they are not even made up of syrians but rejects and mercenaries from lybia, saudi arabia, afghanistan and iraq all the mideast countries controlled by the world's enemy, the us. the hundreds of millions of murders all around the world is still not enough for the us's greed and bloodlust. maybe it's time russia reinforces the syrian troops with heavier and more sophisticated weapons to wipe these fsa dogs out of this world and send the mongrel us back to hell where it belongs.

These people are playing into the NWO,PLANS

I'm not quite sure what the "rebels" think is going to happen if they take down Assad. They don't have popular support. Even if Assad was taken down, the overwhelming majority of the population that supports him will not just go along with the new "rebel' government.let syria fall so the iranians can be next.........we dont care either way

What do all men with power want?More power.Syria touts the opposition as terrorists, the rebels tout Assad as a dictator and extremist who must die. A never ending circle of hatred and warfare. Now please, if you will, kill eachother and be done with the war that is tearing apart Syria. Then, we will see who is left and who has the power. Have at it, gentlemen.

Muslims killing Muslims - that's a good thing. So what's the problem? Let them die. Allah akhbar! Salami walami!

An armed country is a stable country, right gun nutz ?

Nancy Pussosi  visit Assad and praise him as great reformer, Hilary Clinton praised Assad as well, now the Obama administration decided to support and arm the rebels, all with American tax funding. Rebels are Al-Qaida, Muslin sisterhood killing Christians. Foreign politics finest isn't it?

72 people get to vote for the new leadership.  That's democratic?

I suggest United Nations Membership

They elect the one that snackbar the loudest.

"THE 'PROGRESSIVE' AGENDA HAS FOUR MAIN ELEMENTS (as defined by itsideological /academic leaders)They are:(1) To CHANGE AMERICA ECONOMICALLY from a system based on competitive free enterprise capitalism into some form of socialism.(2) To CHANGE AMERICA SOCIALLY from a society based on Judeo / Christian values to one based on humanist values.(3) To CHANGE AMERICA POLITICALLY from being a representative republic into a "democracy."(4) To CONCENTRATE POWER in the executive branch / Presidency and rule over the people, through a "bureaucracy of experts" consisting of a vast number of government agencies and programs.Progressivism is a collectivist system that emphasizes "group rights" over individual civil liberties.Progressives believe that with the right application of the above, society can be perfected.In international affairs they are laying the foundation for WORLD GOVERNMENT UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF THE UNITED NATIONS (New World Order).This agenda stands in opposition to the Founders vision of a republic of limited government power and is opposed by most conservatives and libertarians

US will do anything to remove Assad from power.Send a nuke to the middle of Syria. Terrorist people

A strategic strike on these traitors should put them back into place, as well as all their terrorist training facilities in Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey.

A selected candidate will be killed by the next rebellion or ousted after 1 week  of his government.

If this succeeds it will most certainly morph into an islamic state under sharia law.

Let see bashar wont play ball and let a us military base in but some other islamic sect will. Well I guess the global fascist hope a private army will be allowed in

So Al Qaeda and who?

See what kind of results are achieved when the Chicken Hawk Neocons are not in charge. Let this be another lesson in why those political trolls working for defense contractors (Cheney) should never be allowed to even listen in on a national defense meeting.

After their mass cleansing of Syrian Christians while the world stood by and watched, they will now set up their new islamic regime.

let them form their own cabinet,and then let them all kill themselves.

'PEACE, LOVE AND UNDERSTANDING' LIBS support war and the deaths of thousands, as long as the objective is to install a 'progressive' government, as is happening in Syria.THEY ARE DISGUSTING HYPOCRITES.Their have been 10,000 changes of government in these "Arab Spring" countries the past 5000 years. They haven't got it right yet !

Wow manos pray pray pray  end times repent getting close jesus wacthing all this rumors of war earthquakes gay marriges the poor being opress babies getting killed by abortion everyday human slaughter disrepect for god abomination s to the lord king of kings prepare your selfs mano praise daily giving thanks you live today because these just begining of sorrows destruction famine death coming good news jesus christ the lamb of god is coming soon for the saints repent sin no more turn to god . Shalom

Most in the Syrian opposition rule out negotiations with Assad, even on the terms of his departure from office. Because assad is a murderer and war criminal

Trouble is they really need a Christian running things in order to have true liberty.

Arabian are suck

The idoit stupit syria terorist reble, what a crazy jok to form a intern syrian government, by democratic government they must vote by syrian prople to form a legal government not by the 97 member of terrorist reble, come on these idiot hangry for power, the should to form in hell.

This time divide and rule is not coming so easy to the benefieries. I think sometimes when things harden, for the sake of the poor syrians loosing thier lives mostly women and kids...pls stop funding this people. Both sides are now terrorists..i hate seeing people dying stupidly while the benefieries are in their offices drinking coffee. Shame on those heartless people sponsoring this civil war. Your time will also come and cerrtainly you will see your graves. The bible condemns killing, and lets try to love each other coz non of us breaths fire...hmmm!

If ever Assad is gone, I wish Syria become the next powerful Iran. Iraq &amp; Afganistan will boot out US and allies very soon. They are fed-up of US occupation and the feeling is mounting.

Muslim kill muslim - This was made by US and Israel

The native Syrians are the Sunnis rebles will retake their beloved Syria from the alawits hizbollah Iranians khomini mullah terrorists once and for all !!  Hizbollah are the major threat to the whole entire Middle East and Europe if Iran puts her hands on the nuclear bomb !!"but they've got to get down to the towns and offer a real alternative." LOL.  The 'real alternative' is an election that includes all of Syria..

A den of thuggery and vial contempt for all that is decent. These militants will soon be bringing their jihad to Europe and the US after they establish a base of operations.

What a hell twelve candidates running for interim government, are you sure to be better than Assad?

IRANIAN SHIA DOG puppets OUT of Syria NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!FREE SYRIA

A government with 1000 men and a white man (CIA) with its first president. In China, we will get rid any  traitors, no chance for the white trash to start a chaos. Come on Syrian people, are willing be Westerner's slaves.

The US supporting their Sunni Al-CIAda terrorist friends &amp; operativesGoogle "US Blocks UN Resolution Condemning Damascus Bombing"

Syrian "opposition" = the same Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists they told US did 9/11 and declared a War On Terror against, but have been helping all along since their creation

This is called, "counting you chickens before they hatch." If Assad wants to win this war, he ahd better inflict some heavy collateral damage on the brotherhood's rebels.

The Syrian native the rebles are now controlling half of their beloved Syria and working hard to fumigate the rest of it from the alawit hizbollah Iranians invaders terrorists !!

I bet if America was at war with Syria, we'd be hearing how evil Assad is and the American troops fighting him would be labelled heroes. When someone else does it, they're labelled "terrorists". If they die, at least they died fighting for a cause they believed in, unlike the Assad loving keyboard warriors on here who don't really care about the Syrian people.Hopefully if we get al-queda in to run syria then this time the blow-back will  happen to israel... If this  jihadii elemists take control of syria I would love to see them start next oin Israel so at least  something good can come from US support of terrorism

Hizb'Al Shaytan OCCUPIERS must be captured, tortured and executed for betraying the Syrian nation and its people !!!!!!!!!!!!!!FREE SYRIAFREE PALESTINEA proud Palestinian resistance fighter

These "Muslims" are NOT Muslims they are SHIA DOGS you illiterate morons !!!! READ !!!SHIA DOGS are NOT Muslims !! They are Filthy J*ews !!!FREE PALESTINEFREE SYRIA

This is brilliant. I'm surprised that the GOP hasn't thought of this. Elect John McCain and make Arizona the new Washington D.C. Of course there will be some inconveniences, like when the rest of the country shuts off your water and electricity.

I love how SHIA DOGS have become targets in EVERY Muslim country from Iraq to Pakistan !!!!This will never end, until the IRANIAN SHIA DOGS end the OCCUPATION of all Muslim lands !!!!FREE SYRIAFREE PALESTINEA proud Palestinian resistance fighter

It is time to cut of the head of the snake !!! SHIA DOG Iranians and their dirty J*ew masters are going to pay for all the killings and genocides against innocent Muslims in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Yemen, Bahrain, and KSA !!!FREE SYRIAFREE PALESTINEA proud Palestinian resistance fighter

Syrian opposition = the same Sunni Al-CIAda terrorists who they said did 9/11 and injured our brave US soldiers at the Wounded warrior project website

FUQ Iran !!!!!!!!

This picture of Syrians celebrating the proud nation of syria and the support of its army

Yeah, right, next they'll will set up a central bank. Haha, Like all militant jihad-is do!Asad Govt is indeed puppet of Iran. This real terrorist state (Iran) is directly involve in sectarian violence in Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan etc. etc. The world should focus on throwing governing regime of Iran out first to ensure a peaceful world. Without iran's interference world would be much better place to live

I think the U.S should carpet bomb the middle east foo

Asad should definitely go but I see no one having the courage to talk about the source of real terrorism that are Iran and Israel. Israel is the biggest terrorist of the world and Iran just a step behind at 2nd.

Bunch of terrorists (long beards) want to form a government in exile! 2 years of killing and destruction by these terrorists... It is the joke of the year

Long live FSA freedom fighters !!!!!!!!!!!!!!Fuq the IRANIAN SHIA DOG occupiers !!FREE SYRIA

This is comical. This "government" will fail. Syrian Commando's will probably pick off these dogs in the heart of Turkey one by one - way to paint a bulls eye on targets for the Syrians fighting against Terror. As soon as the head of this government in hiding is known, he and the Zionists that support him will be legitimate targets of all able bodied Syrian fighters.

This latest terrorist plot to create a government of Western and Zionist backed collaborators to invade Syria will fail. I absolutely guarantee it will fail. You know why? Because the people of Syria support the only leader in the middle east that actually represents the interests of his people, Assad.The Israeli's and the Turkish girlfriends can use all of the French and British weapons they want, and have the benefit of American Terror drones too, but this will not succeed, because the people of Syria support the Government of Syria, not the Terrorist invaders backed by #$%$ Kings of Saudi Arabia and Jordan who worship their masters in Tel Aviv.

Some more Middle-east Jew News. As if the rest of us should care. Cowards.

Iran is the TERROR entity that needs to be wiped out !FREE SYRIAFREE PALESTINEA proud Palestinian resistance fighter

Too many IRANIAN SHIA DOG terrorists on this thread trying to make Islam and Turkish people look bad !IRANIAN SHIA DOG occupiers and their Hizbalshaytan mercenary killers must end the OCCUPATION of Syria now !FREE SYRIA25 IRANIAN SHIA DOG occupiers and their Hizbalshaytan puppets were sent to hell in Idlib TODAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Thank you FSA FREEDOM FIGHTERS