What a great article....one of Yahoo's best ever. Such vivid detail and colorful adjectives. Pulitzer prize material!

An ABC story says it was a murder-suicide. This comment is from James Geiger, the senior vice-president of the hospital. "The elderly gentleman could not bear to see his wife suffering, and the family, I believe, have observed that he just could not envision living without her."

Now they're not even mentioning the suspect, since we all "know" the gun must've acted alone.

Well... I'll give you some tips yahoo.1. What weapon was used?2. Who was the victim?3. Who was the criminal?4. Is the victim OK?5. Community reactions?6. How about some better pictures?Work on your investigation skills, they suck. I bet I found more in 3 minutes than you guys did all day writing this article.

This was posted 20 hours ago and yet there's no update to this story..Yahoo you're stupid!

Why do I only see gun stories about criminal maniacs shooting innocent people and not all the hero's that defended their families and associates because they had a weapon&gt;

Quick! Call an ambulance!

"Dorney says there is no danger to the public. He called it "a controlled scene." .... Probably exactly what the victim thought before he/she was shot.  Let's pray that this person makes it.

LMAO Look at the media desperately scrambling to find and post as many "gun related" articles as they can. Notice how they were completely silent about them while the democrats' fascist unconstitutional anti-gun bills were in the works. Now that their ban is dead, the libstians are acting out and trying to make a big deal out of nothing again with their idiotic agenda.

Best place if any to be shot at I guess.Another gun free zone??? Tell me again...why do we have those?

Clearly hospitals that hold more than 7 patients need to be banned immediately.

This was a mercy killing of a terminally ill wife by an elderly man who subsequently killed himself. Omit facts much, Yahoo?

Why do they always wait to release identities or publish photos of white shooters?

It was a hospice not a hospital. A hospice is a place for people in the end stage of life that provides nursing care. The man and woman, husband and wife, were both in their 80's. He shot her and then shot himself. The husband was not a patient in the hospice.

In another news president hero-bama anounces that he,ll running to be the next pope next year...

Ye Ha just another crazy day in America of people running wild with their guns.

He decided to shoot hes wife because he could not afford the insurance under obama care...

Find the white guy.

Maybe they were fighting tyranny.I bet his gun was registered, and a low life biding-citizen..

Another repube with a gun. Where does it end?