This revolution has already been highjacked by Islamic Jihadists &amp; Al Queda- and Britain &amp; France want to send them MORE WEAPONS? Look at Tunisia, Libya, and Egypt. Such an idea is nothing more than SHEER INSANITY OF THE WORSE KIND.

Sure give radical muslims more weapons that they will use against us once they control all of the Mid-East. ARMING OUR ENIMIES ,,,BRILLIANT IDEA !!!

Reuters Propaganda Post , clearly knows for a fact that these terrorists are responsible for  killing nearly 60 thousand innocent citizens and decimated yet another Country and will not ever stop, History shows they need new blood,

The unelected Eurocrats want to lift arms band to Al Queda?

It's quite apparent that Assad is the lesser evil compared to the Al-Qaeda terrorist Muslim rebels...

Why think before you do anything? It worked out so well in Egypt. These aren't freedom fighter they are opposition terrorist.

Remember we trained the Afghans to fight the Russians and now the Afghans fight US.

To help a group of people which we know for a fact was penetrated by the Al qeada would be negligent.

Has the millions of dollars worth of arms being shipped by Saudi Arabia and Qatar done anything different to stop the war. Britain and France are saying okay, this war has being fuelled by too much petrol. Lets pour a bit of kerosene on it to see if we can dampen it. Kerosense may not be as potent as petrol. But all the same it is still flammable fuel!

EU, SATANS UNION.How about allowing the rebels to use ONLY SEMI AUTO MODE!!!!!

Love the political bull in this one. Truth is governments via the E.U. surported by the U.N. declaration and the (intent) to have the U.N., IMF and E.U. to deal with only stable GOVERNMENTS desires that the people remained unarmed and thus are more easily controled. Check out the UN resolution on civilian ownership of weapons vai the arms trade treaty.

Then resumed talks with Hollywood executives about playing the lead role in "Tootsie II."

Gawd....a face only another Bulldog could love!!!!!

Quit the disinformation. These are mercenary terrorists, not "rebels".  The vast majority are foreign terrorists, and our West (including the US Congress) has been hiring, funding and arming them for over two years to murder and terrorize the Syrian people and overthrow Assad.  The foreign mercenaries shooting rocket lanchers into a Syrain university on exam day nurdering over 80 kids in cold blood was below dispicable.  It's a good bet the rocket launchers used were among those off the 1500 transfered from Libya by the US, coordinated through Bengahazi at the CIA Special Missions Compound (described in our US press as a US Consulate) that was attacked. Benghazi details are still classified, but everyone in Congress knows and most of the world. Would our government please stop tyhe terrorism and murder of innocent people, and quit calling this a "civil" war.  It's a foreign insurgency coup, just like the last four countries.

We say we want peace in Syria but we are only promoting more death in violence by funneling money and arms to the radical rebel groups.  I am glad some nations express caution in doing this as it will only come back to haunt us.  why can't they wait until the 2014 elections and us outside nations work towards ensuring they are free and fair elections.  put our financing towards that instead

the Germans are right. Think long and hard before sending sophisticated weapons to any of these people.

Peace

Didn't Russia just tell Britain or France to butt out.Don't ever ask for help because who ever gets the help won't be able to get the helpers out of their country.I remember reading about a 37 year old doctor from the US working in Syria.I bet he has his hands full working on children.

The EU is correct. No arms for the nutjob izzies who will use them against you when the time comes.Ashton is as dumb as a fence post.  Disregard anything this stooge says.  And act just the opposite of what she is told to say by her masters.

Russia has been right all along. We should have thought it out properly before we supported this revolution.  The result will be worse for everybody; look at the way Egypt is going.

Until the sponsors for the mercenaries fighting in Syria are clearly identified their should be no aid to the rebels. This is probably another Al-Qaeda operation financed by the Saudi royal family.

Remember Osama Bin Laden! He was once on our side, and we armed him!

This woman needs to talk to her surrender monkey friends in France.....they don't seem to think that Islamic thugs lie!!!

Would it stop people being killed or would it kill people faster?" ANSWER Once you have killed all the people it tends to slow down

If the West really had humanitarian considerations in mind then we would be assisting UNICEF, UNHCR and MSF not supplying arms in yet another regime change move that is will inevitably have unforseen consequences and could easily spread the misery in the area as a whole.

Did British and France get confused or did I get confused?  I thought it was the opposition that refused to negotiate with Assad.  What a spin?

Something to consider. After seeing a video of a Syrian tank being destroyed by a large IED, who do we think these "rebels" are and where do we think they learned to do this? A simple geography lesson for the people about to begin sending arms to these guys, Iraq is next door to Syria and these guys didn't learn to make these IED's on the internet. This what they've been doing for the better part of the last decade. If you want to increase instability in Iraq, make sure these "rebels" win and depose Assad. I know Assad is a total #$%$ but before we or the Europeans make sure he loses power by sending weapons to the "rebels", we need to understand what the alternative will be.

Let them throw stones at each other, they've had a lot of practice on their women.When I was a child my country gave arms to the Taliban to fight the Soviets and armed Iraq to fight Iran.As a young adult many of my friends were sent to fight the Taliban and topple the Iraqi government.I've learned from history so why can't our elitist leaders?

Ms Ashton is right to be cautious.  The Syrian civil war is a can of worms.

If the provisions of the Nuremberg Tribunal were enforced, no one would be in the arms market or giving money to any terrorist organizations like Al Qeada.

Arab Spring=Killers

This is why we have an armed populace, folks. The idea that our fate is in the hands of those who would decide if it is proper to defend yourself or not is disgusting, to me, as an American.

weapons could fall into the wrong hands, such as Islamist militants in the rebel ranks. Yep, thats exactly what will happen.They hate our guts, don't give them $h/t. Assad is gonna win any way.

Franco-British seem a little blood thirsty only thing is ...it is someone else`s blood

So you traitors are now going to openly send weapons to maim &amp; murder Syrian Christians &amp; other minority women, children and men, that Sunni Wahabbi Arab terrorist sponsors Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the Obama Administration has been doing since the start of their latest war crimes operations against secular Syria, and openly help the same Sunni Al-Qaeda terrorists all the western governments and their media said did 9/11? F you you liberal anti-western hating traitors

Fools!  Haven't you learned that the longer you wait to intervene in a helping a Muslim country turn democratic, makes them prone to radical influence?Its been two years and now the rebels are nearly infiltrated by radicals.  So when the regime falls, guess what group will emerge with the power?  Yep the so-called Islamists.

Give that frog face a rifle and put her on the front lines.She maybe seeing opportunities for making money and wicked harvest from the blood of the Syrian people.We know why she is in objection, in this picture you can see that in her looks and countenance, she is very, very late though.

the anglo-francos like fights..if they are so touched by the syrians' plight, open your borders to them then !!! give them asylum ..

I think common sense is starting to show in the EU hope it stays.

Now that Dennis Rodman is done fixing the North Korea situation, could we get him on the next flight to Damascus?

Shouldn't  mrs. ashton spend more of her  valuable time in helping the bankrupt Irish econmy

I bet if she was in the line of fire she would want arms for herself.

Ashton,  a man or woman, just wondering! The ugliest creature in the white world!

Bunch of Terrorists hiding as "our democratic leaders" pushing their terrorist agendas. That is what it boils down to. Simple truth. But non of these pigs don't have no experience in running successful wars. Have no knowledge of civil wars that go pass several elections. Suggesting that they should life the ban to get to negotiations or to save lives is just a cover up. These terrorists know they have lost the war in an attempt to create a safe heaven for themselves. And that is why now they want more weapons. And those will only kill more innocent people. Hope those inside Syria are collecting all the evidence and documenting them as they should. What we have is an act of crime against them. And the due process of holding these terrorists accountable will only begin once these acts are over. And that day will definitely come.There were two massacres done already inside Syria to aid Hague and Hollande to spin their stories to the UK public and EU. Couple of hundreds were slaughtered for it, by their terrorists inside Syria.

Cowards ..

This whole mess is progressing so slowly that other regional countries are being drawn into the conflict. and their arming assad makes it safe to bet which group of islamic militants wins.If someone's going to topple assad it needs to be done quickly and decisively so russia and iran can be shocked and then get over it.rest of eu afraid of russia thats is all

Ashton is a #$%$ Appeaser of the fascist Syrian Assad Police State Terror Regime -- Ashton is like Chamberlain at Munich in pre World War II where the Western Democracies allowed Hitler to get away with his countless crimes, under the naive hope that he might voluntarily someday become peaceful .

U.S, BRITAIN &amp; FRANCE, be warned, stay aloof; from these mohammedian, else catastrophic consequences await you,if you go a head with your arms aid

difficult to decide sunni or #$%$?  heh

Weapons and military training have already been supplied quietly by the west to the rebels ... But by Iran taking a stance of complete departure and " Non Involvement" in Syria and that region three scenerios will develope:  1. Assad begins to use chemical weapons 2. The Syrian Government decides to somehow prepare a response to the Jan 30 attack by Israel 3. The rebels will advance so much so that they will pose a threat to the security of  Israel . In sll these cases then NATO will automatically step in and launch an all out Attack on Syria and they will be done . End of story .

THIS WAR COULD GO ON FOR A LONG TIME.Assad should take a few million a retire to a tropical Island somewhere and spare Syria more death and destruction.

every one comparing syria with what happend in afganistan .. they dont look at more than 70000 people killed by this savage regime .. which is somthing you will never see or seen until now .. a gang regime stolen the power of a country and killing his people .. hundreds of people every day .. and the whole world looking and do nothing but playing the game of some want arming oppesition .. some dont ... and this is a thired year .. no one takeing this seriusly but iran and russia who do not play and talk and talk ... they do ... they send arms and men to this regime and dont care .. who ever read the comments, most of these comments are made by the regime intellegence department ... so dont even think its an openion of human beens that have mercy and crying for this desaster happening every day to the great and most brave syrian people

Iran is already supplying arms to Assad. I'd supply arms to the rebels not openly but through Saudi, Qatar and their associates. Provide them with a couple of hundreds shoulder-launchers and the game is probably over. Fear of equipment falling into terrorist hands? Just implant GPS chip technology in each launcher so you are capable to both track them and incapacitate them when necessary.

How long do we want Assad to continue to butcher his country's children?

With little simple weapons the Syrian heros rebles managed to fumigate 1000s and 1000s of alawits forces and hizbollah Iranians terrorists forces invaders , immagen now with the state of the art weapon they are getting ?? Woow ! Praise The Lord and pass the ammunition !! Praise Jesus !! LoloQuit the disinformation. These are mercenary terrorists, not "rebels". The vast majority are foreign terrorists, and our West (including the US Congress) has been hiring, funding and arming them for over two years to murder and terrorize the Syrian people and overthrow Assad. The foreign mercenaries shooting rocket lanchers into a Syrain university on exam day nurdering over 80 kids in cold blood was below dispicable. It's a good bet the rocket launchers used were among those off the 1500 transfered from Libya by the US, coordinated through Bengahazi at the CIA Special Missions Compound (described in our US press as a US Consulate) that was attacked. Benghazi details are still classified, but everyone in Congress knows and most of the world. Would our government please stop tyhe terrorism and murder of innocent people, and quit calling this a "civil" war. It's a foreign insurgency coup, just like the last four countries.Maserati, 1 hr agoYou are an alawit hizbollah Iranian khomini terrorist posting from Iran !! Khanazeer mf

So you traitors are now going to openly send weapons to maim &amp; murder Syrian Christians &amp; other minority women, children and men, that Sunni Wahabbi Arab terrorist sponsors Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the Obama Administration has been doing since the start of their latest war crimes operations against secular Syria, and openly help the same Sunni Al-Qaeda terrorists all the western governments and their media said did 9/11? F you you liberal anti-western hating traitorsMark Diamond, 29 mins agoYou f Iranian hizbollah f khomini terrorist posting from Tehran Iran !! Your sponcer terror Iran harpers alqaida when the American forces chased out of Afghanistan ! Iran , hizbollah and Syria trained al Qaida well enough to bring down the twin towers you fakking Iranian hizbollah terrorists ! Ya khanazeer manuike bin sharmootah !! God bless

The EU is correct. No arms for the nutjob izzies who will use them against you when the time comes.Ali, 4 hrs agoLol .. An Iranian hizbollah terrorist telling europe to fight terror ! Lolololo you Iranian terrorist invented terror , f your khomini, f your 12 imams and f your Mahdi !! Lolo nuke Iran befor they get the big bomb !

Is Mr. Obama an Al-Quedaian in disguise.

In two years there are only about 70,000 dead, not near enough, not near.

An armed citizenry is what keeps Israel free. Imagine if only the government of Israel was armed?LOL!Every citizen a soldier.