This is kind of a moronic article. Are we NOT capable of reviewing the tickertape?

BAC I am long, I follow Warren Buffet who is also LONG with Billions.  Also, BAC was FORCED to purchase CountryWide since BAC was the ONLY bank able to handle the impact of the housing crisis.  Imagine if Countrywide just went belly up?  You want to talk about financial Armeggtion?  People really should be rallying behind the good works of BAC.Quick Facts:BAC-1.  2 Trillion-  yes two - 2 Trillion in Assets2.  116 Billion in revenue3.  The first bank to completly pay BACK the loan from the goverment..WITH INTEREST.

Want to make money...  SIMPLE BUY BAC NOW. THE 25.00 SHARE PRICE IS RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER. I JUST DROPPED ANOTHER 40,000 INTO THE STOCK TODAY.  Remeber my name, and my post. Just like in the past,  you to can make an honest profit!

If you bought stock in BAC in the past 2 years like me you love them.If you bought a home from them in the past 6--7 years you probably hate them. I bought 2 homes in the past 7 years.One was a 3 year home short sale from BAC. Today it's worth about 50% more than I payed for it. So if you love BAC or hate them depends.I love them.

I wish Cramer would say sell BAC then its straight to the moon.

Bank of America SUCKS.

The Bank of America still counts the  money they stole, using fraud, as profits They will have to repay it when the courts are done with them.

HAHAHA what a joke people that say pay your bills.How when they hold your deposit as long as they want causing you to overdraft when you thought you had plenty.Wake up rich losers this bank is #$%$ and deserves to be eaten up.No self respecting american should have put up with the gubbament bailing them out.The didn't lose a class action suit because they are nice honest folks.Their isnt a current mortgage class action in place because they were so honest! Not to mention they will launder drug money in a new yawk minute.The super rich a real classy bunch of a holes. WAKE UP SHEEPLE.

Bank of America's website was down all yesterday but the stock is up today? I thought there would be a run on the bank based on incompetence.

Obama, the 16 trillion dollar deficit man. Now, that's really something to be remembered for... a dog, pony and clown show.Obama, the 16 trillion dollar deficit man. Now, that's really something to be remembered for... a dog, pony and clown show.

I use to invest in the market. It was a 40k fee at Whats-a-Motta U, School of hard knocks. I think I helped my broker his house in the Berkely hills. Never again, all my money is tied up in my family and it is paying great returns on my investment. Ten grandchildren and one great grandchild.

it is time that citigroup starts selling some of its european holdings and get completely out of greece.... bill

BAC is the best investment for next 6-12 months. Will be $25 in 2013. Moynihan is doing good job.

I love BAC stock, made loads of money on it the last 3 years. Just dont get greedy like the are, and you'll do fine

Pay your bills you agreed to the terms.   Stand up for what you have gotten yourself into and work you way out of it.

Pandit must step down.

Bank of America and Countrywide are just regular crooks!!!

Just getting all my monthly service fees refunded, by a 1000 share buy at $6.

Every night the Europeans and Chinese are buying bank stocks knowing that with unlimited QE3 the banks are going to have a lot of money to loan and invest and that while the average investor knows very little about big money the banks know every thing. At 50% of book value the banks are a the best bet on the FED infused stock market rally!Worst manager of the banks stocks, Gorman of Morgan Stanley, this stock is an absolute loser. This guy cannot get this investment bank moving. The stock should be double where it is. Complete consolidation and nothing.

Banks at 1/2 of book value should perform. BAC recently passed the stress test.