That is a cool photograph!!

The photo is awsome!

Mother natures fire-works. The electrical charges across the sky are great to look at. However, the other aspects of the storms make me glad I live in a cement block house, instead of a stick built house. Just like the 3 little pigs story.

If I was the Preacher at the young Meadows Presbyterian Church that picture would be used for my next Fire and Brimstone Sermon ! ! !

I recently read that the severe storms and tornadoes we experience in the Midwest are unique, worldwide, to the United States.  What does that mean ?? . . . I have no idea.

It's a seasonal mixture of warm air and cold air which mankind does not control.

the photo is on interstate 65,just north of Montgomery--I live in the Birmingham area,and it was lightning,raining and hailing like the photo shows, here as well.

Nice picture shown!! Lightning bolts,

Finally.  Wireless electricity.

Mother Nature speaks with great force at times....-RMSo basically.....things are normal in the south.

Are storms of this severity a common occurrance at this time of year in the deep south?

The God's are angry with obama ?

M$M does its job well and yahoo is the cavity where it is best displayed.

I blame it Obama. Why not? For four years he blamed everything bad on George Bush.

Oh no, I just know this is CLIMATE CHANGE.  Nothing like this has happened before. LOL

See The Volcano Lightning Photos ?  These are the reason men think there are gods

The photo is on interstate 65,a few miles north of Montgomery.

Gonna rain! Back to you Matt.

Early March and here it goes again. I wonder how many severe storms, droughts, and natural disasters America will have to endure to at least question Global warming? If its true and we wait then we might be screwed. If its a bunch of BS, then worst case we had to take a little responsibility for our actions. Cut back a little, learn to recycle and reuse, dont be so selfish with our resources. Take some responsibility for our actions. Seems like an easy choice to me, but this is America. The greatest nation on earth, but also home to some of the most selfish, glutonous, and irresponsible people and companies you will find anywhere.no such thing of mother nature, it is GOD and he alone is in control!

A Catholic priest convention must have been in town.

God is coming back and boy is he #$%$.

Humm, God still has power.

Good Lightning Protection.  Spectacular photograph

The earth is a alive and want to shed its fleas the humans that are destroying her , she is sick now becuse of us and her temperture is hot called global warming. Lets see what she does next to remove us ?

harbinger

Oo-wee, oo-wee, baby.  Maybe it's time for that Sea Cruise, cause this winter is gittin old!

Awesome picture. The power of God clearly displayed for all to see!

Alabama seems to have a lot of these storms these days. Must be a lot of suction going on there.What a beautiful picture.

i was born an raised inthis state for 55 years it time for me to move on winter time rain ,tornado,. spring,tornado,,wind,summer,to much rain or not enough,tornado.,hot ,hot hot fall whats fall go from 100 degrees to 50 in a week also tornado

Wow, hail the size of baseballs is right; my brother kept some in the freezer after his car got pummelled and possibly totaled.  He's waiting for the insurance company now. Man!!! Those hail balls could have really hurt somebody not just property.

BUTTTTT we don't need NO stinking Infrastructure work done because it COST too much. I would say that stupid has taken over and common sense is on life support. Tell me how do these people justify NOT doing the repairs that WILL bring REAL jobs and save lives???

If obama go,s there god may get him with lightning.

Thats because George Bush did everything wrong and bad just admit obana is better

Thats because George Bush did everything

Yahoo censorship is awful