isn't that a the way it should be? the host of a underage drinking party should get charged!!

You got is an extraordinary idiot!

From day one, I asked where the owners of the house were and why did they allow booze drinking for the 16 year olds who were there. And then a coach? Holy cow, the adults should go to trial next. Kids are stupid with booze but adults allowing it at a kid party is criminal.

what low life would cover up a rape to protect his football players,

They should have been under investagtion from the beginning, not wait till after this trial. I believe that the coaching staff should be suspend without pay till it's over with and if they are found to have cover-up the crime of rape then they need to be put on trial. The home owners should have been under investagation since the crime broke and maybe arrested before now. I also believe that the Police and Sheriff Dept needs to come under investagtion for their part in the cover-up and if any is found to have taken part in this then suspend them without pay and file charges against them too. Stubenville has nothing to be proud of they are just as bad as what happen at Penn State. I speak my mind as a Medical Reired Law Enforcement Officer with 28 years of service.

The football coach and assistant coach who covered up the boys' actions and/or threatened those who sought to expose the scandal should be FIRED.  Immediately.

Less emphasis on sports, more emphasis on education. Might make a difference.

Everyone at the party and the home owners are all guilty of something , whether just ignoring the situation or not caring . All involved should be held accountable for thier part .

I hope everyone who had knowledge and didn't come forward or do anything to stop it have horrible lives and cry everyday like those two little cowards did.

The adults need to fess up.

Steubenville there is NOTHING for you to be proud of here.27 coaches and all those State titles. They sure must be proud of there teachings......And cover-ups, hope you all get what's coming to you.

This would have never happened if the teen witnesses had intervened. This is what bothers me the most. Ask yourself what you would have done if you'd been there, witnessing it. Would you have said 'hey, that's enough, knock it off"?What's our country coming to when our youth think predatory behavior is cool, worth distributing on social media, and wearing like a badge of honor? That's all you see on utube from teens now - cruel and violent predatory behavior - fights, bullying, gang attacks and flash mobs. Time to knock some humanity into this generation.

"Football is important in Steubenville, but I think overall if you looked at the community in and of itself, it's the education process, the moral fiber of our community, and the heritage of our community, that is even more important,"What a crock of BS.  What moral fiber?  Had it not been for social media, this event, like the others the 'rape crew' took part in, would have been swept under the rug.

Stupidville, OH....football rapists above the law...pathetic.  These animals got off easy.

GOOD! Bring down ALL the (f)uckers involved in this disgusting case!Here is a short list of those responsible:(known members of the schools Rape Crew)Trent MaysMalik Rich(mondMichael Colin NodianosCharlie KeenanCody Saltsman (victims ex boyfriend, came up with the idea to drug the victim)Mark ColeAlso those who assisted in the cover-up:James Parks (assistant coach: pictures were found in his emails of inside the girls bathroom at the HS)Sheriff Fred Abdalla (runs the largest illegal gambling operation in Jefferson County)Prosecuting Attorney Jane Hanlin (mother of Charlie Keenan, member of the Rape Crew)Head Football Coach Reno A. Saccoccia (told the boys to delete the evidence, his motto is "Lie til you die")

How many other small town or large city high school football programs have had something like this happen? Maybe this is where things start changing. This case just set a new standard.

What about the local criminal justice system LOL who let this get out of hand bring them to justice too.

MY GOD, MY GOD, MY GOD WE HAVE TO PROTECT THE FOOTBALL PROGRAM AT ALL COST!!!!!!!!!! What a crock of S**t. Everyone likes football, but not at this cost.......

something better be done, at least 3 lives have been emotionally destroyed by improper lack of supervision and just plain stupidity by the adults responsible for these  kids welfare and safety..

An investigation into the behavior of all the people involved with this horrible crime is the right thing to do.  These juveniles were not supervised properly and its time for parents, coaches and anyone who has children especially teens in their care need to do their jobs.Honey, the girl who was raped did not rip your family apart, your family member who did the raping did!

If the coach is required by law to report this and he knew about it, at the very least, he should be fired. And whoever supplied the alcohol to the minors needs to be charged.

The girls that harrassed &amp; threatened this victim are animals (not people ) &amp; do belong in jail.

First of all, Steubenville has no moral fiber.  That's been shown plain as day.  And second:  They COULD target the host of the party and the coach.  The question is, WILL they??  And finally: Penn state had huge sanctions placed against them for Sandusky.  What will the people in charge of  Ohio high shool football  do to Steubenville?  Because it's looking  like there should be some pretty good sanctions against  the Steubenville football program.

How about they go after the police force who tried to cover this up as well?

Serving alcohol to MINORS is a CRIME. All of this mess started because teenagers were consuming alcohol illegally. I say prosecute the owners of the house because they KNEW they were breaking the law by contributing to the delinquency of minors.

If you want real punishment place the High School Football program on a 5 year exclusion.Mass punishment usualy takes care of the problem.

Here's another football program that will come tumbling down because of the shortsighted belief of "football above all", and "the players were just having a a little fun".

These guys got off with one year for rape!! The football coach still has his job at this point and it looks like the cops tried to cover this all up. I just want to know who got paid off and who did the paying!!!

Go after each and everyone of the teens as well as any adults at the homes werealcohol was consumed by underage drinkers.They type of behavior is unacceptable, alcohol or no alcohol.Would these young men sit by and watch their own sister(s) be abused like the victim was?The defendants raped a girl because of an alcohol-fueled pack-mentality: they believed their actions were acceptable because nobody stopped them. In fact, bystanders egged them on.  Everyone involved who violated ANY law should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

Why werent these boys tried as adults.  No one seems to address this??

Now there's threats to the victim, over social media no less?  Are these kids taking stupid pills?Have the parents STILL not told their children the proper way to behave, or that there are consequences for inappropriate behavior?

This isn't the first time Mike DeWine has been the AG of Ohio. This is far from over and he is not going to let go of it!

Many of us wrote letters early in the investigation to the "adult" in charge of the Rape Crew,  Coach Saccoccia, demanding he do the right thing as a responsible adult and leader vand report all he knew of the crime and see that those involved faced justice. He chose to ignore every one of those demands and instead hid in his Big Red coach's office. Perhaps now the prosecutors can drag this cowardly "man" into the light so everyone can see his true character. He should be fired for certain, as well as face criminal and civil charges.

No matter what the girl did or dodn't do, no one has the right to touch her, people say woman are loooking forsomething to happen when they wear form fitting clothes what ever. If they were walking down the street naked, that doesn't give anyone the right to put a hand on them. This girl was drunk, okay. Why didn't the guys, do something to protect her, rather than harm her? Hope you get my drift.

Good. The coach, home owner, and all of the teens who passed around the video are just as guilty as the two rapists. And they should receive similar punishment and be branded as sex offenders for the rest of their lives.

At a minimum, those who knew about it &amp; didn't do anything need to be prosecuted.  Also, those who provided the place &amp; the alcohol need to fry.  It is particularly sad that the football program of that school has 27 coaches.  Wouldn't a SCHOOL be better off using that money to pay for teachers?

If there was a party with underage drinking at the coaches house, why isnt he already in jail?

Don't ya love the way the School Superintendent says they're waiting for the trial to be over before they get involved? I think he and the school board should be charged and replace for not taking appropriate action before this.The adults who knew what had happened or helped the kids drink should face more time in jail than the kids since they should have known better. The boys should have too but don't really get the ability to reason actions through until their mid twenties. I hope the Ohio AG really goes after all involved and files charges. This culture of anything goes for the football team HAS TO STOP!!!!!!

Will the coach finally get fired now? How did he hang on to his job this long?

fry them all and if one coach is involved, end the program for a few years.

There are a ton of dirtbag adults that need to spend time behind bars...

I'm glad those 2 girls got arrested, and I think the kid in the video that says "she's so raped" needs to join his 2 buddies in jail and he can be "so raped". This whole town that supported this is disgusting! I agree things should have happened earlier, but better late than never, start pressing charges against the teens, the coaches, the parents, send a message. Then let OHSAA come in and ban the football team from any sanctioned games for at LEAST a year if not more, threaten the school with a threat to all their extracurricular activities.

One issue that Steubenville case commenters have asked : where did the booze come from and why aren’t adults being charged? Day one of the trial brings some answers.1) Jane Doe brought a bottle of vodka with her when her mother dropped her off at her friend Julia’s house at 3pm, Julia / Witness #1 testifiedyesterday. It was a ‘medium sized’ bottle of Smirnoff Vanilla that Jane and Julia drank mixed with blue Slushies from Speedway in 44 ounce cups.Jane also played beer pong. Nobody testified where the beer came from..2) How about the ‘second party’ at the Howarth house, where the Howarth parents were present? From testimony yesterday there was no drinking at the second party. Three witnesses all said there was no booze there, which is why some people left and went to Party #1.

One thing is certain...this didnt make any damn sense...they all should be ashamed of themselves..they were too busy trying to protect their image rather than worrying about the victim of this crime..

This would have gone away or being swept under the rug if not for the hacker group Anonymous.  They also rallied the people to protest in large numbers in front of the sheriff.

Superintendent Mike McVey should be dismanteling the football program NOW ... not waiting until all the dirty laundry has been spread all over the front page of every American newspaper.  McVey is as much a part of this permissive society as any of them.

I am waiting to see how many female teens will face serious charges. Many people are unaware of the role a lot of teenage girls take in these types of crimes. They sometimes help to lure other girls they don't like into situations, help to get them high or drunk, help to spread pictures or videos of the event, and help in the cover up.. If male teens do the same they face serious charges. The girls do this to impress guys they consider cool or to get back at other girls they don't like. Things going on with these teens have gotten scary. It is more than just about the available technology. It is a high level of meanness and viciousness. I really believe a lack of proper  parental involvement is the root core.Past time for serious house cleaning.  Sorry, firing people isn't enough.  Courses in sexual matters, ethics, criminal and civil law, and civility need taught.  Respect for humanity is lacking.  The legal process will likely break the city and school budget.  The whole area suffers economically and loses face for the actions of a few. The victim is still apparently unconsoled and now subject to the predation of the press.  That says loads about  the national breakdown in civility, morality and ethics.  First the victim is victimized by the rapists, then by those that sought cover up and now by the press. Very tragic. Raped by all.

Please send that little perverted kid that I believe was 18 &amp; kept saying "she's so dead" to this place with them.  That kid should be charged with something.  He was 18 &amp; he thought this was the funniest thing he ever saw.

the moral fiber of our community, and the heritage of our community, that is even more important,"Sounds like your "community" has no moral fiber to me!

LMAO that town is full of idiots...after watching their kids get arrested and found guilty largely due to social media evidence....they go on social media to threaten the victim....

The headline should have read:  "Ohio AG to Target Football Coach and DA Mom Whose Son Was Part of Attack for Trying to Cover It Up"

I agree that all adults involved should be held accountable for their actions. They not only promoted underage drinking but possibly took part in a rape cover up.. shame on them for allowing this to happen!!!

All the so called Adults should be tried not only for not stopping the rape but for trying to cover it up.The people who supplied the booze should be tried as accessories and thrown in jail to rot. The coach and any other person who knew about this should be fired and tried as well.The two who did this have been tried as Adults a stretch in Juvy is not what they need However a stretch at hard labor in an Adult facility would fit the bill.

Firing isn't enough punishment. School officials should be stripped of their license and outcast. To ignore what happened is to condone it and simpluy for FOOTBALL!! What the hell has happened to our youth and their parents and teachers????? Whatever happened to RESPONSIBILITY parents, coaches and educators??

Sounds like they need to "Death Sentence" the Football Program for a couple of years then start Fresh... 27 Coaches?????? Life is not to be lived with only football in mind. Live Intelligent. America-Born Of Battle!

Why hasn't JANE HANLIN been arrested and charged with WITNESS TAMPERING in order to protect her son?!?do that to a girl in my family and I will end you.

Heads should roll where necessary.

Could target or will target? Any other place he would have already been charged.

Fill the room with water and the rats always swim up for air.

Aren't coaches in Ohio mandated reporters of child abuse?In many states teachers and coaches must report any case of suspected child abuse, not "take care of it."

Steubenville suffers from sports arrogance, where football reigns supreme. IMHO, none of this would have happened had (1) NONE of those teens had been drinking and (2) parents of those teens (the young lady included) had known where their children were and what they were doing. Further, as the social media videos were readily available for viewing, I believe the prosecutor failed when he did NOT bring charges against ALL the teens, those who commited the sexual assault and those who were witnesses.

Davison thinks  her town has moral fiber?  re-think that Ms. Davison - not one single kid came to her rescue - NOT one.  Instead texted around nasty comments, pictures. There was not ONE single leader in the crowd and that's pathetic.Then you have parents who's kids are partying hardy and in homes with no adults present, just plenty of booze.Then you have school officials, city prosecutors office and sheriff who didn't do anything until forced by this situation coming to public light.None of this shows moral fiber.

For years parents have been getting away with having these parties in their houses.  The excuse is that it is safer!  HUH?  Look if the kids have no place to party, it may happen less!  It might even be easier for policemen to stop this behavior!  Parents say, I don't want my child to get caught by the police for drinking or taking drugs.  I say if this happens, maybe it will make the child think twice about entering into this behavior.  Parents are making it way to easy to become an alcoholic or drug addict.  I also do not understand how you think it is OK to make that decision for the parents of OTHER children that attend your parties!  You have no right to do that!  You are aiding and abetting criminal activity!  As for the coaches, I have so had it with the whole sports craziness in our country.  We keep excusing bad behavior because of athletic ability.  It makes no sense and is just morally and ethically wrong!  you are teaching these children NOTHING!

I know this is a little off topic but I've just got to ask ... 27 coaches? What the hell. The football program has 27 coaches?

Sometimes a harsh example must be set for others.... this case suits that perfectly.Good. The AG should go after everyone. The coaches, parents, kids anyone who knew and did not take action. Good for him for going after those two girls too. I am so sick of bullying. Social media has allowed this to get out of hand.  As for the football program, most schools have code of conducts for their players. Every player signs it. If they violate the code of conduct it can affect the program.  Especially that coach. He knew better. This just sickens me to no end.

I don't no who that lady is, but I'm sure she wishes they had used a different photo.

Ah Ha........the coach took care of it.     Where do they think they are......Penn State?

This is a testament to our culture of sports and entertainment where the actors/players are treated as heroes because of our obsession and infatuation with these jerks.  When was the last time a TV station, newspaper, internet or social media showed us young adults who were excelling in education or receiving Rhodes Scholarships, etc.; NEVER.

Hit the school with sanctions that include NO athletic programs for the next 4 years, charge the athletic department with the cover-up and charge the parents for allowing under age drinking.

"consider charges against anyone who failed to speak up after the summertime attack. That group could include other teens, parents, school officials and coaches for the high school's beloved football team, which has won nine state championships."Sounds like everyone except for the sheriff's office which did everything in its power to sweep the case under the rug.

The city manager talks about the moral fiber of the community. We've already seen it, and it's IMmoral fiber. How 'bout all those people who refused to testify? Steubenville is a melanoma upon the buttocks of the world

what is more important football in Steubenville or justice .f your football program. f your team and f your coaches who tried to cover this up.each and every kid can transfer to a private school and why wouldn't they. would you want your kid to be coached by adults who tried to brush this under the rug? they need to be fired and tossed in big boy jail.as for the little punk who was the major performer on the video. He need to be charged and thrown in jail. make sure each and every punk who was in the video gets charged as well.Now punk, who is deader than dead in regards to the law. YOU

Stupidville... LOL.

These football players ARE PUNKS, got EXACTLY what they deserved, DON'T shed any tears for them.The new OJ generation; sickening.  The schools and parents are also to blame for raising such filth and allowing these boys to get away with such a disrespect to women and a lack of any morals.

Good for Mike DeWine. A man who does watch out for his community. I am glad to hear he took swift action against the two bullies and that he intends to investigate and see what adults were involved in the incident. And Tim Stried really just doesn't get it at all, get rid of him.

It would appear, that football is more important than teaching these kids morality or ethical conduct. If adults had knowledge and acted in concert to protect these rapists they should be punished.

Do it Mike....adults need to understand that when they let teens use their home for a so-called "party".....They are responsible ....

im sure there is a bubba in juv that don't like sex affenders

I am so tired hearing how "great" this football team is.....What does that have to do with any of this?

Joe Pat all over again. Fire him! Jail him!

JoePa got fired for covering up rape, so should this idiot in Stupidville.

No spring practice for both of you and you are off the team

For moral fiber, the mayor needs to go beyond the school and into the values that families are allowing themselves to compromise.  There is a lot of that going on in this country now.Convict them ALL. The rapists did the tearing of the family apart NO ONE else. You cover it up, you are an accessory, pure and simple.

I like it when you threaten people on social web sites, SMART MOVE IZOD.

I don't know the deal on the house, but how can a parent or host be so oblivious to what was going on? Was there any adult at home?

Sports culture is not above the law! Just because your school has a good team does not mean you threat the kids and coaches like gods, it is just a game. Penn State learned the hard way, no pun intended. Players and coaches are not allowed to do as they please and not get punished. It's just a game. A game that will mean nothing to any of them in 10 or 15 years exept for those two who are now listed as sex offenders for life.

The Sandusky legacy lives on.

is it just me or did they go to at least 3 partys that night. it seems to me that at least all 3 of the home oners should be charged if alc was at all 3.

High school coaches turn their heads every day when comes to winning. Coaches know they have players that drink alcohol, skip classes, have to have grades fixed, break curfews, roids, have run ins with police. But it is all taken care of IF the kid can help them win. Folks it has always been about winning and it isn't going to change anytime soon.

Hope they will charge and an adult. LOL. What taking them so long?.

These people are warped.

Good - prosecute EVERYONE involved!It's time for the "boys will be boys" mentality to stop!There have been a lot of comments about teens crossing to Ohio, like that's a big deal.  In this particular area, it ISN'T a big deal.  If you started at the same spot in West Virginia, it would take two minutes going west to be in Ohio.  From that same spot, it would take two minutes going east to be in Pennsylvania.  Heck, a kid can walk across the street or next door and socialize with someone from another school district.  There are  A LOT of schools that are only minutes apart.  These kids have always interacted, both socially and athletically.  The travesty here was the behavior of those kids that night, regardless of what state it was.

An amazing amount of bad judgement here; the boys, the girl, the friends and the adults.

Just take away the football program.   That should get their attention.

You think the sordid deeds of the kids made the town squirm?  Wait till the sordid deeds of the adults are brought into the national spotlight.

In a Country where some guy cuts Amish BEARDS and gets 15 YEARS in prison, those kids get 1 to 2 years, the AG BETTER do something!! The FEDS could even come in because SOMEONES Civil Rights were violated!!!

And these people learned nothing from the incident at Penn State? As an old Principal I knew without question you reported these incidents to the local authorities. There was no fixing it.

Trash!!! The whole damn lot of them!!! TRASH.

Not so funny now is it?

Anyone old enough to commit rape, and brag about it, is old enough to go to adult prison

what a mess this is !!!Everyone who did nothing to try and stop or report it should be charged. The home owners of the home this happen should be charged for letting these kids drink alcohol there. They had to know they were drinking. It could be they are the ones who bought the alcohol for them.. If not they did have to know the kids were drinking and allowed it and  should be charged.

Atty. General DeWine: Please FRY all adults involved. If the victim were their daughter they would want all adults (coaches, administrators, parents, students, bar and liquor store owners..) to be FRIED. The adults have an obligation to report suspected child abuse.

glad they nailed the girls for threats off facebook and twitter,  internet has a lot of down side.

All people who knew about this abomination, coaches, other adults and students- should be prosecuted. It goes w/o saying they should be fired &amp; run out of town on a rail.

So this place "treats a lot of juvenile sex offenders".  So there r a lot of pervs at this place.  These boys will have a  blast up their ast there!!!

The parents who hosted this party could and should be held libel in so many ways. Besides criminal chargers I hope they get sued to oblivion and made to pay the cost of the trial. It's passed time that all so called "stars" learn they can be held accountable for their actions. The owners of the home could and should be charged with not only contributing to minors but child abuse as well for failing to properly suppervise said party. As for the coach he knew damn well what these kids where up to and failed as a teacher to try to convey proper social behavior. And last but not least ALL the parents of these kids failed ---- period.

As disgusted as I am with both this incident and all past incidents from these thugs, I have to point out that the article is misleading.  No party took place at the home of Reno Saccoccia, the head coach.  One of the parties was at the home of an assistant coach.  Though I do believe that, considering Reno's reputation for absolute control over his players and coaches, he had to know what happened that night.

Steubenville city manager Cathy Davison is trying to put lipstick on a pig. Believe me, Steubenville IS a pig, and they DO form their community identity based on HS football. That is a sad excuse for a community. I guess it is Davidson's job to dress it up, though.

Yes without question the coach is liable along with the parents who raised these monsters. All sholud be sued and pay every penny they make for the rest of thier lives. The other animals who watch and new and did nothing should receive the same.

Ohio AG could target football coach, host of party, he allowed this to happen and he should pay the price....I wonder how many young girls were raped before this one?  Because this rape, the video, and the obvious sense of entitlement are not a one-time event, this is a glimpse into a system-wide problem that has been allowed to remain in place for quite a long time, maybe generations.  Good thing the AG is taking this seriously.  Bravo!

The sheriff Fred Abdalla, who reportedly eats lunch with the football coach a couple times a week,was tried in a federal court in 1991 for running a gambling ring in Steubenville. He beat the charge and the locals say he still runs the gambling ring taking bets on high school football. He also said that he had this whole rape "incident" wrapped up 4 or 5 days after it was reported.

Since when is football more important that human decent behavior. The adults in this mess should held responsible also.

Its bad enough what these teenaged boys did, but to have adults involved in covering for them is unexcusable. Now even teen girls are threatening the victim,  Parents, teachers and all adults have an obligation to teach kids right from wrong, not how to cover up a wrong.

"The incident that happened was not during a contest, was not even at school. No playing rules were violated, and it didn't have anything to do with eligibility or recruiting," Stried said.Yeah, I see you're still focusing on the important stuff.  The football program there needs to be sidelined for a few years while they learn to be human beings again.  The coach who "took care of it" needs some jail time - more than the purpetrators, since he is supposedly a mature adult.

There is absolutely nothing about this case to cause the two in the left of the picture to be grinning. Nothing.

I sure hope that DeWine follows the money trail. This has pay offs written all over it.

Finally an AG who is stepping up and doing his job !!

Most of those football players would go to Ohio State which would welcome them with open arms.That's how you go undefeated.

as god as my witness I do not get it. How could ANY person stand by or have knowledge of this crime and not do ANYTHING? All parties involved should be locked away for at least 5 years and then give them a trial. this is enough to make me puke!sure are going to be some people in serious #$%$....

I followed this when it first got into the news thru anonymous, it was said that she was given a date rape drug in a drink when she was first picked up to go to the party, so not like she got passed out drunk on her own,,, just sayin , also would like to mention  Prosecuting Attorney Jane Hanlin (mother of Charlie Keenan, was the first to tell the victims family to let it go and she would handle it with the detectives involved..... it would have gotten swept off in a great coverup, had it not been for ANONYMOUS

In a football sports crazy town like the cesspool Steubenville, the victim will probably have to go into the witness protection program.!. Build a huge prison just outside of town.2. Put the entire town into it.3. feeding is optional.4. Destroy the down. Bulldoze it,  till it under. Salt the soil, cover it with concrete.Did I miss anything?

Shouldn't that coach go to jail for contributing alcohol to minors  - every kid equaling an additional charge  - and for that also be convicted of " assisting  those kids in raping that girl? Also the school should be charged for letting their coach do this with minors to begin with - it was under their authority to hire this man to "coach" these kids and THIS is how he coaches them - booze and rape at HIS HOUSE?

Reno Saccocia should never be allowed to coach ever again! He is as guilty as those boys, if he covered for them. What I don't understand, who's house where the teens in and why where they unsupervised, especially at that hour?

Steubenville named the high school stadium after Coach Saccoccia... This is like that movie, Varsity Blues.  Wonder if they have a statue of him too.  That threat he made to the NY Times reporter was a hoot...guy's 63 and thinks he's Don Corleone.  I think he is about to go "ByeBye" for a while...Good for the State AG's office.  I think that everyone of those assistant coaches needs to go too.  Any man who would tolerate working for a piece of work like Reno should not be permitted to be involved with high school sports.  I'll bet a lot of the players are actually relieved this bully has been flushed.

lock them all up I hope the civil suit destroys them

Society isn't going to take it anymore......no more letting rapist and threats go unpunished.  We need to even young men and women to be respectful, parents take heed you could be charged for not instilling ethical treatment to others.  We don't need spoiled children to become adults that feel entitled.

The community culture associated with the teens goes back to my theory that the model of the Christian Majority has failed our nation.  Whether in large financial institution culture, political culture, organized religion, college football coaches, mass shootings, and all those who think that they are above it all, prosecutions must be brought to bear for convictions.  Know what I mean?Our nation has become corrupted by excessive greed and a motto of, 'if it isn't written or in a video, it did not happen.'  Again, the old model notion of a Christian Majority has failed us with its proliferation of, for example, sheltering the White Collar Criminal culture among them.  They are role models for our youth and not very good ones, at that.  After all, if so many White Collar Criminals can get away with so much evident fraud, how can minor offenders be so harshly confined.  Know what I mean?We need a new model for the 21st Century, and I do believe that it will come out of what we are seeing with these cases through the court convictions, and the public schools, for example, suspending students for deviant and bully behavior.  Know what I mean?And, all the while, you read about radical far right wingers proclaiming, naively, that Americans have left God behind.  I disagree.  Americans have not been leaving God behind.  Americans have been walking away from 'faith based politics' from the pulpit. Americans need to rise up to justice by thinking for themselves and rejecting the synthetics of pulpit political opinion.   For, if a congregation shelters White Collar Crime culture, are they also inclined to adhere to the motto, 'if it isn't in writing or in a video, it did not happen.'  Know what I mean?  jmo

The Coach..."took care of it"...simply shows just how destructive, inexcusable, disgusting and pathetic many supposed mentors, guardians, adults, parents, etc. choose to be instead of choosing to have the needed common sense, decency and spine to teach future generation right from clearly wrong.Out of control, irresponsible stupidity has to stop, NOW.Unneeded, society destroying filth is proven by their own actions and words.Far worse are the lunatics with the audacity to condone/protect/defend/rationalize said filth.Thumbs down, thank you for proving my post tenfold and hiding behind a thumb.Every kid at that party who texted and joked and did nothing to help or alert authorities ought to be brought to trial as accessories!!  The transcripts of the texts that went back and forth that night were just disgusting and highly disturbing!  Obviously none of those kids have any morals, no sense of decency and no inclination of right and wrong.

We'll see how much integrity these people have,by how deeply they investigate this disqusting incident.

Football and basketball players that are key to the game have always been 'taken care of' by coaches and teachers. If they can't cut it in class they'll get a passing grade just so they stay on the team. Most kids call them jocks. Harris and Clebold should have taught schools a lesson when they went after the 'jocks' at Columbine. Everyone knows the 'star jocks' can just about commit murder and get away with it. Bullying is one of their favorite pasttimes and add alcohol and you have people that will do anything because someone in authority will 'take care of it'. This school needs to have its football program cancelled forever because no one in authority was going to do anything about the treatment of that girl. Seems most of the parents including the girls mother didn't want to prosecute this.I hope they get them all, the teens that didn't help this girl, the homeowners where it occurred, and the adults that knew the alcohol was present and being consumed by these teens, and the law enforcement officers that failed to do their job that caused the state prosecutor to get involved. What these parents did shows an attitude that they just don't care as long as they themselves don't have to supervise their own kids. I'll bet most of the parents didn't even know where their kids were that night.

Quit blaming the victim. Did any of you critics out there ever had a few too many while surrounded by friends? If they raped you while you were passed out would you then say, well I guess it's my fault for drinking?

The all important sports teams will always be of more importance. Not just here but in any community. These two will return as heroes and colleges will be giving them a free education for a job well done.

Suspend ALL athletic events for at least 4 years and hang the coaches if they knew ANYTHING about this.

Wow, death threats to the victim no less.  Good thing I'm not her parent....the threat of death would be hanging over the the heads of all the guilty in this case!  No thread of doubt what-so-ever that I'd kill any SOB that did something like that to my daughter!  The coach involved would have to be put under heavy security to keep me away from him.  I'm so sick of this kind of #$%$ going on in our society now.  What the he&amp;&amp; is wrong with America these days?  Oops, I forget, the libtards are in charge, and they believe in everything is ok and no one is at fault!!!!!!!!

So much for football teaching character strength. It seems our whole society is predicated on sex as our movies, TV and magazines are sexually orientated.

Football and sports are NOTHING when It comes to the safety and well being of individuals.What the HECK are the coaches teaching and mentoring, when one of the students says they took care of it?   Ain't this the same thing that Penn State did?Cover it up!  Why not SHUT IT DOWN!   BTW, you won't find a better supporter of athletics than I .

Sounds like a serious lack of parenting skills and instilling anything remotely proper regarding conduct and respect for others.Get after the Sheriff that tried to cover up for these convicted Rapist.

Look what happened to Paterno.  That wasn't a gmae rules or recruiting violation, either.  Buy he didn't report a crime.  This coach not only didn't report a crime, he also instructed his players to delete any evidence on their cell phones or computers.

Personally, I hope everyone affiliated with this piece of garbage football and their cover up rots for eternity or longer.  Hasn't anyone learned anything from Penn State???  Their city is basically dying on the verge of bankruptcy but they need 27 football coaches???  These people in this city have their values totally effed up.  Threatening a rape victim?  Dear God please send your vengence on this backwards hellhole.

Way to go Attorney General Mike DeWine get all who was involved.

brave girl for fighting this

I bet these boys were never were spanked when they did something very wrong. You see what happens when permissive parents spare the rod -spoil the child.

Just when you think it couldn't get worse, check out CNN "reporter" Poppy Harlow's exchange with Candy Crowley immediately following the reading of the verdict on Sunday. Disgustingly sympathetic to the boys, you'd think they were the victims.  Google it.

The Coach ...host of the "party"....go team go....what a bunch of nice people

This is like watching one of those horror movies where the entire town knows what is going on but won't do anything to protect their precious football team.

Don't be surprised to see these two thugs playing pro ball in a few years..................That coach should be fired and banned permanently, and the football program should be banned from competition for four years.

Waste of time....

Good for the AG..take them all on.. adults especally! Silence is consent!

Wow I have been wondering who let a party like this go on, and how they got the booze, parents not caring for the kids.

What we have is peer pressure doing a 180 from what is expected.  Peer pressure should have protected this girl regardless of how stupid she decided to be that night.  But, it went the other way.  Now we have politicians wanting to make their mark.  Get ready for ugly to get uglier.

Incredible that it took internet hackers (Anonymous) to bring this case to light or else it would never had gotten noticed. Thank you Anonymous.

fire the coach , he allowed these underage kids to drink and carry on. Im betting he was in the home when the rape happened

Parents who abrogate their roles to provide a safe home and have allowed the unlawful use of alcohol and possible drug use by underage persons should face penalties.Anyone who disagrees has never been a parent with teens or is a teen who doesn't see any wrong.

Some of the kids involved were related to prosecutors &amp; police, too.  This is classic good ole boy obstruction of justice in a small town.  27 coaches in a school in a town of 18K people?  That's disgusting.

She is lucky she did not die from choking on her vomit and who lets there 16 year old girl stay out all night?How about the little goon who filmed the video? Let's sic the cops onto him.

I hope other student athletes (in particular football players) will get the message from this trial that it's NOT okay to treat girls like sex toys ... and the consequences are lifelong.

Hasn't anyone had the brains to ask and inquire as to WHO suupplied the booze to these UNDERAGED people?  OR, doesn't that matter in Stuebenville, Ohio, either?  What kind of  'hero"  jerk-offs have you got for cops and AG's, etc. that NO ONE (?) has yet investigated where the booze came from and WHO supplied it?  Your law officials must be one big bunch of  "bought off" officails or they need to fired and replaced due to sheer, rank stupidity!  Does a dammmm high school football game mean that much to you small minded, liberal, 'holes?

Of course!  Now, every politician who can is going to ride this thing for as much as they can get from it.  All, thanks to some really #$%$ kids in Steubenville, Ohio.  I know they make their parents proud.

the excuse, it didn't happen at school is really LAME!!!  I will bet if it was a daughter of one of the adm., heads would roll, but since it was just a girl, that wasn't connected, they just hoped it would go away, this is exactly what obama has done for 4 years, and the media lets him skate also!!! If you have friends in high places you can get away with all most anything!!! Where has our morals and the respect of right and wrong gone????

I would not be at all surprised if many of the adults under investigation now end up doing a gereat deal more jail time than either of these two rapists. That would be just, in many ways, because these adults are supposed to be adults, and they enabled this to happen. The football team should be eliminated as well (but that would likely be a moral decision rather than a legal action).

Steubenville may be named stupidsville as a result of the way some have tried to cover up the depraved rape acts of their jocks and attacked the victom of the crime. Sure proof of human depravity

If I were the law? I'd shut down the Bull Chit Fottball Program. Then maybe the Bull Chit Coach and his jock heads could spend their time get an education.

Where did they get the beer?

kicking a ball in the air and running for a goal pole, big deal, get a grip, way way to muchimporatance put on the football stuff,  these kids are still in trouble, drugs, sex, party time anytime.all of the teenagers need to be charged w/underage  possession of alcohol. who purchased it? who sold it? where were the parents? all should be charged ranging from illegal transferance of alcohol to a minor, endangering a minor, all of the minors should be put in the care of the state and their parents charged. there's a lot of guilty to go around. apparently, no one learned anything from Penn State.

Stupidville OHIO tried to have this girl killed now.

There was a single victim. PERIOD!

It is about time that law enforcement address the entire issue of all parties involved.  This should set an example for other educators to take action and not be passive for the "good of the school or program" and ignore assaults, bullying or as in this case, rape.

what promising future did those 2 have? by the looks of things, they clearly did not, apart from their contribution to the football team.

Steubenville deserves the attention it is getting,but the problem is widespreadsince violence and disrespect for human value are part of our culture.

Kids learn from the adults in their lives.The Coach one heck of role model don't ya thinkThe parents/homeonwers, enable the kids in all of this.  More great role models.

Did the photographer tell them "everyone look goofy?"

The people in this town remind me of the movie "Children of the Corn" Really...

Lets hear it  for our excellent athletes, who think they can get away with this kind of behavior, and their coaches who cover it up.  Hey as long as you are part of a winning team, its ok.  I do not care if the girl was previously sexually active.Her behavior in this incident is that of a victim.  She did not consent and they had to drug her.  Disgusting.  Yeah they cried when the verdict was read, but they were not crying in the video.  Lets see how they react when they become someone elses toy in juvie.The coaches tried to cover up for their boys. And they all need to not just be fired. But face charges along the way!

I wonder if this happened to the coach's daughter (if he has one) how he would of handled this situation...this is a rhetorical question btw.

I think the lack of morality is obvious here. Apart from that, and less important, I can't believe how stupid the 2 girls are for threatening the victim. Do they have an incarceration wish ?

The family should sue the homeowners for negligence!!!   Hahaha that would be great

Everyone involved in the cover up and anyone contributing to the deliquency of a minor should be prosecuted... even in Steubenville!

"... the moral fiber of our community..." ??? Yeah, that's right, been hanging out an' dribblin' from jus' about every pore...don't think folk need much more of this "moral fiber"...an' all...

wonder what's goin on in that ladies mind?  that's a facial expression for sure.

Are you kidding 27 football coaches......

Town of 18,000 and they've got 27 football coaches??

Shut the entire athletics program down for at least 10 years. Then this twisted community might begin to understand that HS football is just a game played by kids. No self-respecting adult should give a damn about HS football -- except as an educational tool to teach teamwork and cooperation.It's time the coach lost his job if he knew about the incident and didn't report it to the police.  Covering up a felony ought to cost him his job if not a criminal indictment

the people of this society now are the dregs of this country....they out number honest decent people...lol.....51% to 49%

Why are those people smiling behind the AG?

Enjoying sex with someone who is unconscious and they were assuming it is a dead body they are having sex with, how low someone can get !

That is one effed up town.

I am so happy to hear that this is not ending with just these 2 trashbags.

"You ripped my family apart?" I think there are many people who helped with that and the victim is NOT one of them. Who cares if she was drinking...so were they. Who cares if she willing went to the party...so did they. Was she willing to get what she got? No probably not by the looks of the picture of them holding her by her hands and feet...that looks like an unconscious person. And shame on any women, girl, or for that matter anyone who has a women or a girl in their life, that condones this because she was drunk.You should never feel entitled to anything, you either have consent or you don#$%$ clear they did not. They got FAR less than what they deserve, and I surely hope they fire the coach and charge him (AND MANY others) in this case.

In my opinion, in Stubenville, as in many small towns in America, the football team, coaches, staff and players can do no wrong. In this culture there is nothing wrong with a party underage drinking and if a girl gets into a comprimising position it is her fault, not the fault of the people at the party nor the providers. This faulty thinking has to stop and the Ohio prosecuter is absolutely correct in going after those who gave the party and those who supplied the booze.  It's not the girl's fault that she broke up the team or had any direct cause of doing anything. She simply got drunk and passed out. The others just could not resist doing things to her that involved rape.

you can tell that a lot of the thumbs down on the comments are from those dumbas@ that live in that welfair town ........ you all should be ashamed of yourselves and the way you DIDN'T raise your kids

What's wrong with this picture my childern without a doubt when they seen what was happening would of called for help. Being raised with common decency is not that rare these's parents are the exception I hope.27 coaches? I'm glad i don't pay property taxes in ohio....Talk about a scr**ing

Just like China, they should throw all of the Steubenville pigs associated with this case who didn't assist in the investigation or hindered the investigation in the river!!!

Alot of guilt to go around, but doesn't stop with this town, we are all guilty of producing ( how did one reporter say it ) a culture of arrogance that created a mindset of debauchery and disrespect, and lost morality. This is the America we have become.

The victim should sue in civil court the owners of the house where she was raped.

I, for one, am glad those two girls were arrested. A huge part of the verdict discussion seemed to center around the extreme arrogance and self-centered nature the teens of this town have become. Right after these two boys were sentenced for their horrible actions towards the victim, these girls threaten her publicly? Really? It doesn't mention who they are or who they are related to, but you'd think some common sense would keep their traps shut! Threatening to physically harm a rape victim who just won her nationally-renowned case? Arrogant and just plain stupid.

Gee......where have we heard this story before......football coach shields sex abuser?  Oh yeah, Penn-etration State and the slime Joe (I am GOD) Paterno.

what's a little here and what's a little there? boys will be boys. don't wanna cheat em of their manhood, crossing the big goal of life, gettin a little at the buffet.   well, now looks like their all chokin on their manhood.  a little dose of morality could have saved a whole lot of money, embarassment and tainted future. but, hey, it's 2013, we're smart, who needs religon and moral teaching?  well, court, judge and lawyer fees are way more expensive.

Coach and Asst. Coach = Criminals  Show these two the inside of a jail cell and cancel their careers, permanently.

Sounds like the coach is a Penn State alumnus. They train their athletes well in covering up rape. Also seem to have a good cover up program, I think you can find it in the catalog, "Cover  up 101".

To tell ya the truth, I hope and pray this never goes away...Wait until the lawyers get involved...Who held the party, who bought the booze, who sold the booze, who took photos....Sorry to say, if it was my daughter who got raped, I'd be in jail....The 2 girls that were arrested for harassment is what gets me, really? How stupid are the teenagers in this town???

Simple solution, fire the coach and his assistant, prosecute them as equals to the rapists and witnesses !!!! Send them to jail, and send a message that says "young football players and their coaches are NOT ABOVE THE LAW and will be prosecuted the same as the above listed DIRT BAGS" !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And the victim should be awarded millions for the HUMILIATION AND HURT CAUSED BY ALL THE IDIOTS THAT TOOK ADVANTAGE OF HER !!!!!!!!!!!! She will suffer for the rest of her life because of these IDIOTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

oh, by the way, these two are smiling for some reason.....i have a bad feeling about that.

95% or whatever of that sorry town:  Please get sterilized ASAP.

I am no rocket scientist but can anyone imagine this incident playing out exactly or even close to the way it did if NO ALCOHOL were involved? The people you needed to look at first were the so called adults that furnished the alcohol and the residence(s), leave no stone unturned that is where the vermin hide.

Good thing am not the judge it would be a lot longer than a year for those two idiots..

This town is one of thousands. How many of you all grew up in or have personal knowledge of a town not unlike Steubenville? I do and it's time something, somewhere gets better.

Remember the movie "revenge of the nerds"

The coach should be fired.  Owners of the house should be arrested for allowing underage teenagers to drink.

If we placed value on education and good grades instead of who can throw or kick a ball the furthest, little (s)hit (a)ss(h)oles like these would at the bottom of the pecking order, as they should be.I love how ABC, CNN, NBC and USA Today, all either stressed the intoxication of the girl or lamented the end of promising careers of the rapists.If you want to not have a "promising career" ended, DON'T RAPE.  Don't then transmit pictures of your activities and brag about it.  Punks who would be either tomorrow's sports hero's or CEO's were it not for the current ability of Internet/Social Media to shine the spotlight of outrage on wrongdoers and their enablers who try to cover it up.

That is one really sick community!  Did a town's inflated ego over high school football do that?  If so, maybe football should be banned&gt;

if the assault happened at the head coaches house he needs to be fired form his job and arrested immediately. Can't believe the guy still has his job!!!!!!!

Take down as many as you can find who had even the smallest of culpability.the online threats prove it's a city wide culture, so there should be a long list.

Not football you morons but men and boys that are manly needed in Steubenville.

wow finally: What a nightmare

Drunk guys, drunk girls--what did they think was gonna happen? Everyone involved in this is an absolute idiot

Now, it's the big boys' turn.  High-paid athletes must be punished for their misdeeds.  Just because your QB can throw touchdowns, your pitcher throwing strikes... doesn't mean they should be immune.

This whole story is sick.  Why is the coach letting his home be used for drunken parties?  Why are these teen agers drinking so much?  How can these young adults be so mean and uncaring?  And, they said this was a successful trial.  One guy gets a year in juvie and the other gets two years.  Why even bother?  It is all sick and twisted and parents need to be better parents.  Adults need to behave like adults and everyone needs to get off this athlete idolatry.  High school athletes see the Colbys of the world get away with rape and they see other athletes getting away with all kinds of things and still be hero worshiped.  This whole thing is just sick, twisted, and disgusting.

From Joe Paterno covering up for a child molester to this coach covering up for rapists is only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to football. Football really teaches great values--not! But it does teach teamwork as in how the whole team can work together to cover up a crime!Dam it Steubenville. You guys really f()ked this one up. Instead of taking care of it the right way. It is going to take care of you now. How many coaches, parents, students, police, and teachers are going to be brought into this?Huda, coulda, shoulda, Steubenville. S()t hole of America. My home town. :-(

Lynch the african, shoot the cracker.

Steubenville = Stupidville

The rape victim ripped your family apart... Wow...

"could" ???? What the heck??? How about "will" press charges!

The system than enables these young athletes to think of themselves as being well above standard core values and the law, needs to be exposed and charged with legal offenses where obvious.  In my day, neither, my coaches, teachers, family or community would put up with such behavior.  They would have made it very clear, from the very beginning, that as a representative of the school, we were to behave in a manner that cast no dispersions, or face getting our 'sixes' kicked.  We weren't always, 'goody-two shoes,' but we certainly weren't into thinking we could get away with anything we wanted; as it appears that far too many of these smaller community's athletic programs, believe today.

Football is an escape for a small town, especially if they have a winning team. The coaches &amp; players get treated like they are gods &amp; can do no wrong. Unfortunately, there can be dire consequences because of this. I am for one glad that they are investigating the adults that provided the alcohol they share a big responsibility in what happened that night!

In the picture, do you think DeWine farted? look at the expression on his face and the expressions on the faces of the two behing him,

It seems like the parents who supplied the booze should have been the first to be charged.  If the coach knew about it and did nothing he should get the Joe Paterno treatment

fire the coach and disband the athletics program. That is the only way to fix this culture of corruption.just like the driver of a car used in a bank robbery, the parents,coaches etc involved in this coverup should be allowed their day in court

I cant believe they have 27 coaches for a high school team? Shows how much their beloved football meant to them,then for people to throw this girl under the bus, what a bunch of worthless sport fanatics!

I don't understand the "town is divided"!!!! How can anyone support those boys......Its one thing to be accused , but pictures, video, text messages...... what kind of parents do they have their??? If my son did something like this, I would personally hand him over to the wolves. I'm a firm believer,,,, the best parenting could have the worst children...

Boys rape girl, boys get convicted. Not enough blame. More must be rooted out and blamed. Apparently if anyone said someone MAY have heard about it, then they must be investigated and..more importantly..taken through the wringer of the media speculation.If others truly were aware of what happened and did try to "take care of it", then let the legal process do it's job and investigate. If there is evedence of this, they will follow what is still called "due process". The media needs to let this happen and actually report it as it happens (not as they HOPE it goes)  instead of trying to create "news" just for the sake of sensationalism.

Finally....this is what I have been saying should have happened. This was a culture that allowed for these atrocities to happen, not just starting with this incident or these boys. When children speak callously about rape and committing rape as if it is something to do, there is a cultural imbalance. 95% of people commenting on here did NOT follow this case and are making wild assumptions.I have followed this case since the say it hit the news because the thought process I had at the time was in was another falsely accused athlete. As the story progressed and more of the evidence was being released it horrified me. Not just the incident but how the entire town treated these athletes as if they were celebrities. No one monitored them and furthermore the parents of MANY of the victims, oh yes there are plenty more, did nothing because it was the athletes who were committing these crimes.Every parent that allowed these parties in there homes, every Coach that covered these problems up and every single store that turned their backs and sold the alcohol should be prosecuted. PERIOD

I hate to break some bad news to parents of teens but overwhelming teens are engaged in all kinds of sexual exploration.  If surveys were done in high school the public would be shocked at how sexually active these kids are.  This goes for girls as well as boys, a few years ago here in Ohio girls under 15 were soliciting at malls so they could get money to buy things.  Also the worst brand that can be put on a person is that of sex offender.  The public has know idea of the ramifications for life for someone with this brand.  I certainly believe that true offenders should go to jail, but kids get carried away and things go wrong.  In this case the cost is enormous to all the parties.  The has to be some redemption process for those who do straighten their lives.  There is NO hope for pedophiles, that group is lost and must be kept out of society.  Mike DeWine is an excellent public servant who will do the right thing.

Isn't it funny that all of these degenerates in this town have thought for years that THEY were the cream of the crop.  Turns out they are the ones who have made Steubenville the laughing stock of the state and the USA.

Man they sure loook like a bunch of Nerds

This town should never be allowed to have football again!

the other media accounts state that at least two of the houses these rapists stopped at with their date-raped victim unconscious were assistant football coaches and these fine coaches told them to move on - but they didn't bother coming to the aid of an unconscious teen girl  who was in the company of young men known to violate young women.  this town is the very epitome of a backwards ignorant and uncaring american town.  it is the parents and coaches and school authorities that should also be in jail - their approach to life caused this.The whole damn town is a bunch of hillbilly's inbreed low lifes.  Anyone with any real decency who lives there should move before it is too late.

we are football players. that should exempt all of us and our coaches from regular people law. seems like an epidemic in this country to make punks into super heroes. when they grow up and buy their way around they usually go on breaking the law. hang the little #$%$

27 coaches? Science courses are being dumped for lack of money and one school has 27 coaches for two football teams. That alone speaks volumes about community priorities.

The AG should start by increasing the punishment for those low life pieces of #$%$.  They made the decision to do everything they did. It was there own fault and everyone who was there and did nothing should receive punishment as though they raped the girl themselves.  Something needs to be done to set an example so other won't be so stupid as to serve alcohol to a bunch of kids.  I mean how stupid do you have to be!

Next they need to go after even the kids and parents of those who recorded and watched the acts.  These people are a guilty as those who acted... Less encouragement might just have avoided a crime to begin with..

Yes! Please prosecute the adults who knowingly allowed this to happen. They have to be held accountable! The first part of the article about the two girls threatening the victim on "Facebook and Twitter". How stupid do you have to be to continue using social media as it relates to this case?? And how dumb do you have to be to STILL not understand the severity of this situation. Threats on social media? Really??? The boys were convicted based on evidence from social media little girls!!! Duh!!!

OMG they are sending them to Chillicothe, don't send them here ...

Just more of the athletic department rules all thing going on. When things get too hot too handle then the "I was not aware" statements and political grandstanding start.Maybe any investigation should include looking into the PD and the local DA's office.

Best to wait and see what the coach knew/ didn't know about the incident before passing too much judgement. Just because he was "implicated" in a text message, doesn't mean that the message was truthful.

Did none of the parties involved in the rape of this girl consider what if it was their sister, daughter, wife, girlfriend, etc?Everyone who stood by and did nothing to stop it should be charged.  ESPECIALLY the adults who presumably should know better even if their childred did not.

Steubenville has a real sickness and its' name is SPORTS.  This obviously causes people to value sports over correct behaviour and respect for other people.

where is this vid?

A white girl, who was raped by 2 black males, is without doubt a 'Hate Crime'!A hate crime is worse than rape, huh? They should get life, or the death penalty!

Could be just another case of parents wanting to be a friend to their teens instead of being  PARENTS

The moral fiber of this country has long disappeared ages ago.................just take a good hard look at the #$%$ on tv, the way we dress with everything hanging out to be seen, the drunkness in the schools, the drugs, there is no morals in this country and hasn't been for a long time, are you waking up finally?

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! The two bullies on Facebook were arrested - and I'll bet they're crying like a couple of little babies now. Good riddance, pathetic trolls.

I have had a fairly varied sex life. There's not much I haven't done. But Good help anyone who takes me without my consent.

He darn well better go after the inablers of the party. It's a no brainer. There, somebody has to say it. Thumbs up if you agree!

CHECK OUT THE COPS!!! It looks like they were as bad or worse than anyone in this mess other than the rapists. Just another reason to NEVER, EVER, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, TRUST A COP.Football programs all over the country should be investigated.  You know (d)amn well that this sort of thing happens way more than anyone would like to admit.  When a school or community puts certain people above everyone else, things like this are bound to happen.

Well, bars and restaurants are now held liable if a patron leaves their establishment drunk and kills somebody while driving. Not surprised they're following this angle, and I'm actually pretty glad they are. Ridiculous this happened to her!

WELL ! I CERTAINLY think there should be a woman officially on site to take care of this sweeping under the rug coaches.  Apparently they just think with their BALLS.

Amazing why would a good looking kid and QB of the football team rape this girl.  He must have every nice looking girl at the school throwing herself at him!

Round up all the coaches, hang em, round up all the partygoers, hang em, round up all the parents, hang em, and you may as well round up all the Catholic Priests and hang em, maybe if the church hadn't set such a bad example protecting child molesters the people of Stuebenville would have a moral compass and taught their children that it's sick to rape and #$%$ on women ? To the few good people of Stuebenville, my heart goes out to you and the victim, every one else, you suck ! If my kid had been there and done nothing I would have taught him a lesson he'd never forget !

Could? Why the Hell hasn't he already?!

Is the chick on the left in the first photo drunk or high?

"Authorities also said they won't put up with people harassing the accuser"Don't you mean the victim? The trial is over, her attackers were found guilty.

No, education is not important in that community.  It's all about the lights on Friday nights.

If the people of that town gave a #$%$ about their children and their futures they would take a bulldozer to the football stadium, that's it, party's over. That would change the 'culture' real quick. Instead I imagine the whole town will still be there next fall, cheering on, living vicariously through a bunch of overgrown, over-entitled teenagers. Pathetic.I really hope from bottom of my heart every single one of them who is responsible pay for it, what if it was your daughter or mother or your sister, I bet they are scared the chit out of them now since it is getting serious !

Only wish there was this much outrage over the death of 4 diplomats in banghazi and the ensuing cover up!

coach is done...more charges against others are on the way..this is deep..and distributing child porn/rape is a nice max effort to wrap it all up.

And STILL nothing is said about holding anyone legally accountable for the UNDERAGE DRINKING!. The media itself is completely ignoring it. Even if it is "just a misdemeanor" the adults--especially the coaches and the "hosts" of the party--should be held publicly accountable for openly breaking the law! Why does that "beloved" coach still have a job?

So who would ruin their professional life for some snot nosed kids playing football and in case you are wondering, I played football in highschool so don't think I don't know the importance or lack there of for this silly sport.

I hope they all learned a lesson out of this..... the kids, the parents, the school.  It's high school football folks... fun to be a part of, but there is a real world off the field that we all must live in.  Please use this lesson to make it a better place.  I want to have a degree of sympathy for all involved, even the perpetrators that grew up in an environment where basically anything they did was ok.  Yet I will readily admit, if it were my daughter, I would want to harm them.

What a horrible legacy this town has now!  It is hard to believe that anyone would think it is ok to do what these punks did to that girl.  The coach needs to be fired and charged with a crime for his actions.  It sounds like the parents in this town have no clue what their kids are up to or have no control over them.  Is this Stubenville, India!!!

it was more than just with fingers. there was a pic with her and semen deposits. it was not a joke as the thugs made it out to be. jail them all who watched and did nothing.

The no integrity head coach should be definitely be fired AND part of the civil suit &amp; charged with obstruction of justice. There is NO way he did not know what was happening plus, he was a strong mentor. This stuff had gone on for years &amp; these guys secretly snickered that boys will be boys but we have state championship to win! That coach created amoral losers, not winners.

If I were writing the headline it would have read  The Ohio AG SHOULD.....It's time for Stupidville to get their heads out of their A$$es and focus on educating their young in morals and being decent human beings. Football is not everything...an education is.

This town called "stuebenville" obviously does not teach morals to thier young children. Because this is what happens when they grow up. Or should I say, lack of growing up.

The real criminals are the adults who did not teach values, who covered up crimes, who lied, enable and otherwise taugth these students the wrong way to live.  Some of them should serve time.

Somebody's running for Governor....who could that beeeeeeeee, Mr. DeWine?  Tell us please...

I love how the school is going to "wait".  If this party took place at the coaches house, why does this man still have a job?  He apparently allowed minors to drink in his home. That being the least of what he could be fired for.  Why hasn't he been arrested for contributing to the delinquency of minors?

Before anyone gets a college scholarship to college to play sports, they should be required to be able to, at the very least, be able to read the name on the ball.

If any coach becomes a convenient scapegoat in times of trouble, then he's gone. That's a huge motivation for them cover up these incidents; it's not only to ensure the team's successes. Coaches and administrators have an implicit understanding: "Do whatever it takes to win. Just don't get caught." This guy has now been officially caught. But it's only because these boys were so incredibly stupid as to record their crimes and post them on the internet. Otherwise, it's simply business as usual for Coach.

Arrest them all and throw them in jail.  That will solve everything.

juanita broadrick never got justice

I'm glad the boys were found guilty.  It is only right.OMG the coach that tried to intimidate the victim and witnesses and the adults who let the party happen are getting charged. I bet the women haters and monsters who think rape is okay or that she deserved it because she had one to many like many people do are upset about this. Woman are somehow the ones responsible in the case were a man cannot control himself.

Don't arrest the coach though that would make too much sense.

What the adults did about the rape? Not a D*A*M*N thing...Thats what they did, the school, the coaches, the parents of the party goers, none of them.. That is criminal.. The girl was stupid, she was known to be a drinker even  before the attack, why did her parents NOT get help for her?

I live in Ohio and my boys were and the youngest still is involved in sports.  The Ohio High School Athletic Association requires student atheletes to sign a contract that they are held responsible for their actions even when not in school. The fact that the spokesman for The Ohio High School Athletic Association said "The incident that happened was not during a contest, was not even at school. No playing rules were violated, and it didn't have anything to do with eligibility or recruiting,"  Is total BS!!!

They should go to jail and be sued by the parents for the abuse on their daughter.

The coach and Jane Hanlin -- conspiracy after the fact -- Shut down the football program for ten years and bar all of the school football players from playing at any other high school.  And be sure to get who ever provided the alcohol. Also bar the football staff and any other school staff who tried to thwart criminal proceedings from working any where in the state education system.

Man, it can only get worse here, this poor girl need all the prayers we can give her. And yes everybody involve should pay.

Interesting this is happening in Ohio.  Very political.  In any case, I hope for these two incorrigibles that what goes around comes around!

Yo, maybe we should stop empowering these kids and making them feel like Olympic athletes or miniature gods. They're high school football players - nothing more, nothing less. Hardly any of them will ever go pro, and they need to stop and realize that hardly anybody outside of their tiny community values or respects the "power" they have in a juvenile monkeyhouse.

Charge the coach the coach was the enabler in this!  Also for CNN and their stupidity  wwwdotchangedotorg/petitions/cnn-apologize-on-air-for-sympathizing-with-the-steubenville-rapists"Football is important in Steubenville, but I think overall if you looked at the community in and of itself, it's the education process, the moral fiber of our community, and the heritage of our community, that is even more important,"Um...Yea, sounds like they're a paradigm of moral fiber. Adults helping the "rape crew" procure alcohol and covering for them, and letting a bunch of highschool students party to all hours of the night.

Who owns the house?  Shouldn't be a secret - wasn't such a secret to the party-goers.  It doesn't matter if this occurred during football season; it doesn't matter if it occurred at school, etc.  What matters is that a girl was raped for goodness sakes!  If coaches/parents knew that these kids were partying down, then they need to go down!  For such a small town - population 18,000 - seems that they sure do put a lot of emphasis on sports - 27 coaches?  Give me a break.  Money spent on coaches could be more wisely spent on education!!!  Again, these two rapists aren't laughing now!  The girl needs help - no doubt about it as this is not the first time she's been out drinking - shame on her.  Mom - get her help!  Lesson learned - girls - if you get drunk and lose your faculties, you just might lose a heck of a lot more!!!

Typical. Always poit the finger to get yourself off the hook. It's time to make the guilty pay the time for the crime. My kid's had party's. Things were brought in without my knowledge. However, when I found out I kicked A. Am I still guilty for them having the drugs and boose?

You can easily see by the division in the city that they totally lack "moral fiber" and since I am from Ohio I can tell anyone that Steubenville's "heritage" has never been worth spit.  It has always been a high crime city.  But what I would like to know is where were they drinking, how did they get the alcohol and where were the parents?  This would be a great time for the parents to buckle down on their children and start teaching them this kind of behavior is unacceptable.  From all I have read Mays was the leader and Richmond was the follower.  At least Richmond had the "moral fiber" to apologize and show some remorse.

Those boys will get what they deserve once they get to jail.  They better stick together.

Hopefully this disgusting scandal, along with the Penn State scandal, puts the nail in the coffin of the whole sick organized athletic culture which has taken over many of America's schools and unversities.   European students wipe the floor with American students in all basic measures of academic achievement and their school systems do not have organized athletics.  Instead organized athletics in Europe are relegated to private sports clubs, and the schools focus on academics, supplemented with general physical education and health studies.   Additionally, Europeans also are healthier, less obese, and outlive Americans.   The objective data is all there and provides an obvious model for how the American school system should be changed.

Now that the rapist are headed to jail no adult is gonna admit to anything and the cover-ups are gonna get even worse

Did anyone notice that the parents of these teens, the boys and the girls, are not being investigated?  Maybe if we started with parent's responsibilities, we could avoid these situations in the future.  Imagine if just one the parents of the boys on that team, the other girls at the party, and even the girl that was raped had taken their parental responsibilities in a serious manner, this entire episode might never have taken place.  So, yes, the AG should investigate the head coach, the owner of the home, anyone that had any ability to control the situation ..., and this includes ALL of the parents.

Bummer for all. One dumb decision after another. All due to the self absorbed.

So much immaturity... and they think im the crazy one cos im anti-socialWHY weren’t these suspects charged as Adults, they committed an Adult crime! Now they are crying like little #$%$. What PUNKS. All this miscarriage of justice because some irrelevant little town in America loves football? Are they kidding me??? They should see what the other side of rape is like in man’s PRISON.

"The incident that happened was not during a contest, was not even at school. No playing rules were violated, and it didn't have anything to do with eligibility or recruiting," Stried said.Is that just amazing? The pity is these people can't be tagged like migrating vultures, so every one dealing with them, including the rapists, the party crowd, those who covered it up to the people harassing the victim, and those who are trying to make the incident sound like no-big-deal, will know who and more important, what they are. Who would have imagined you could have so many "people" with no values or morals in one school.Rename it "Midden" High.

Get em!!!!

Just had to post and say..... I've had some bad pics taken of me through the years.....but nothing like the lady above!!

Charge both, the house owner and the coach, they are responsible as well. Adults set examples, they do not condone or promote unacceptable behavier, these adults did both. This is a huge problem in America today, parents want to be their buddies and friends, not their parents, send a message, accountability, responsibility, those words really do mean something

I'm not 100% sure but I believe covering up the rape of a child can be classified as a federal crime.  This idiots don't want the feds investigating their football program as the feds can and will shut it down immediately.  Basically, they can kiss their precious football program bye-bye for a few years.  I'd say give them a 60 million dollar fine like Penn State and no football until it is paid using donations, not taxpayer dollars.

Sounds like the adults believed that they were untouchable.  Since the AG is an ELECTED official, the adults will find out just how little their positions will protect them.

People who supplied the booze to under age kids are most of fault. You should be proud of yourself's. You caused it.

Good news for a change. Where were the adults while all these teens were partying and getting so drunk they can't remember what they did?"The older girl was charged with aggravated menacing for a tweet that threatened homicide and said "you ripped my family apart,"  WHAT? OMG what an idiot. It wasn't the victim who ripped your family apart, it was the guy who did it! How stupid can people be.

27 football coaches?  Maybe if the classroom teachers had this type of participation from parents and members of the community things like rape would not happen. And the male residents of this community need to focus their attention on teaching their sons the value of a woman instead of the value of a football.They wanted leniency After what they did, not owning up to doing it and making light of doing it. I do not think so.

First and foremost should be to determine who made the alcohol available to the teens in the first place. They deserve the most severe criminal charges because everything else flowed forth from that decision.

when you have kids...Parent is a verb   that is all

Wouldn't the football players (AKA as rapists) have been suspended from the team if these allegations, phone messages &amp; photos had been released when the incident occured?  Doesn't this H.S. have a code of conduct that the players are not only aware of but  sign to abide by? It should contain a NO alcohol/drug policy. Still SOMEONE supplied ALOT of alcohol to minors. And what would have happened if this victim had DIED of alcohol toxicity?  OR one of the beloved football stars-there would be some action then.......

There is so much more that hasn't even come to light yet. Only two got caught. I don't believe for a second the rest just watched..more are involved and they did more than what they were caught in pictures doing. I can bet on it. They are all scrambling now. Keep at it prosecutors.

It sounds like Stupidville needs a big enema to clean out the garbage that lives there. The coach owned the house where the party and rape occurred? Go figure and definately he should be fired and charged with aiding and abetting. No namby pamby juvenile center for him ... the big house and the buba's are waiting for this maggot.

To the STATE OF OHIO. Stop with the political sidestepping THE WORLD IS WATCHING and you are not going to put us off and put us off until the media forgets about you and then you do nothing to these adults who enabled all this to happen. DO YOUR JOBS........NOW! It's bad enough you charged them as juveniels That ALONE is an outrage....then they get a year????  You'll have them out in months maybe even weeks and that encludes the one who got an extra year for the porno charge.  IT'S WHAT THE WORLD EXPECTED.  You did all this to keep the fed from filing charges and these boys getting EXACTLY what they deserve.  Then the girls that threatened the victim say YOU tore my family apart. NO sweetheart the rapist in your family tore your family apart, and YOU have them in detention, for how long??? Until that dies down in the media as well and you turn around and DO NOTHING again. Now lets talk about How many of the teens were football players???  It was a party for the football players, football players did this, coaches new about, adults on the coaching staff tried to cover it up, and other football players knew about it and did nothing, worse laughed and joked about it. Guess what??? that is about the teams mindset, infa-structure and adult support. It IS about the coaching mindset of that team. Do your Job STRIED and stop playing around with word games.

Someone purchased the liquor for the "rape victim", the person that bought it should be prosecuted.   I hope the hammer drops in (stupidville) aka steubenville!!!!   Hahaha

Many of these football coaches in highschool and college are mental. They are so engossed in winning and making a name for themsleves that edcuation,morals and values are of no priority to them. It is really sad that these adults are considered role models for these kids..

Time to clean house!!!!!  Get them ALL!Joe Paterno lost his job for failing to report crimes, so the coaches at Steubenviulle should get the same treatment or worse, because they actively tried to cover it up, not just ignore it.

My how times have changed. I remember my varsity wrestling coach having a New Year's Eve party for his entire team (mandatory attendance). His wife and he were gracious hosts, catered it, had movies, and parents picked their kids up at the conclusion of the night. He did it every year to help kids keep OUT of trouble. This is the alter ego, helping kids make choices that will ruin, or harm, their career.

The football program has a total of "27 football coaches"????  Paid or volunteer?

Our laws need to change to "anyone witnessing a crime who doesn't immediately report it to authorities is guilty of (fill in the blank). This would hold every citizen accountable, and drastically reduce crime. Imagine how fearful criminals would be of someone seeing them? There are far too many teens (flash mobs, etc.) who egg on crime, film it, and spread it over social media. If they were held accountable, it would stop.

The headline says the COACH hosted this party?? Is that even remotely true??  Why hasn't HE been arrested as an accomplice?? Did HE furnish the alcohol to these underage kids??What in the world is going on in this town??

Go get em Mike Dewine!!!!!  I was born in Steubenville.  Clean up this town, please!

Goes on in most high schools in the country.  About time someone paid attention.

Every one involved in this should hang their heads down in shame, If this town took pride in itself, that is now gone, this town has been put on the map as a disgrace and it will take many more years to recover and for what? I hope the parents have learned a valuable lesson over all of this.

If any of us had hosted a party our arss would be on the line,, All of the adults who knowingly said nothing and didn't report it should be charged also,,, Those animals should of been in jail until they turned at least 25 that was tot #$%$

Give the footbally team a 2 years ban,  go Penn State ont them.  The whole community is #$%$The sentences imposed on the 2 rapists are just to light.  They should be charged and jailed as adults.  It is about time to charge the coach, the house-owner where the girl was raped. Do not leave out other players too....... The stupidity of the father of the richmond rapist is appalling.  The girls who threatened the victim are pure shameless sluts. Same goes to the lawyer of the richmond rapist who still spoke out for him!  This goes to the families of all these rapists and those involved.... Just shameful by their mere existence in this world !!

The sad part is that this is not just a Steubenville problem, it is a pro sports problem, a Hollywood problem, a media problem... and the list goes on and on.  Steubenville just got caught.  When these kids see that pro players and the stars get away with these things just because of their status it fuels this kind of behavior.  This young girl has been delt a life sentence and these boys get off with a slap on the wrist!?!  What a sad portrait of what our society is becoming.  I hope that the Attorney General does not stop until each person involved in the cover up and complacency is prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

Take them all down if you want to stop this kind of #$%$

Moral decay has a trickle down effect. Early lessons taught by parents, create an atmosphere of respect for others or a disregard thereof. Integrity is best tested in the face of adversity.

The coach is obligated by state law to report suspisions of child abuse.  He knew about it and did nothing.  Seems pretty cut and dried to me.

I have been calling this town Stupidville for a reason, now everyone will see. Fire the whole lot, mophandle in the #$%$ and then burn the stadium to the ground. Also import new blood to stop the inbreeding that is  in the town, hence the adults lack of correct  response. Jesus, how can anyone after all the bad pub, the whole media deluge, and the verdict, with Dewine saying there will be more investigating can anyone dispute this, are everyone there ignorant or what. Wake the Hell up people this is not TOLERATED!

Im glad to see justice get served to these young punks !!! I am deathly afraid to see when this generation gets older !!! Kids are not the same as when we were younger!!But like my grandma says....All the problens started when the phone came off the wall!

Same thing happened in Kentucky and two boys on the football team involved.The Girl suffered humility by having her name  published in the news media and she was NOT of age either 16 years old,Vanessa Dietrich had to fight a uphill battle to get justice due to the same thing a big winning football winning team and community backed.. When big money is around it is hard to get justice.

It's time to realize that the popular kids cannot keep getting away with it.  You parents should be ashamed of yourselves for raising such irresponsible, selfish kids.

The wheels of Justice are slow but Vicious , BewareIf any coach becomes a convenient scapegoat in times of trouble, then he's gone. That's a huge motivation for them to always cover these incidents up; it's not just to continue the team's successes. There's an implicit understanding between coaches and administrations: "Do whatever it takes to win. Just don't get caught." This guy has now been officially caught. But it was only because those boys were so awesomely stupid as to record their crimes and post them on the internet. Without all that, it's just business as usual for Coach.

If any coach becomes a convenient scapegoat in times of trouble, then he's gone. That's a huge motivation for them to always cover these incidents up; it's not just to continue the team's successes. There's an implicit understanding between coaches and administrations: "Do whatever it takes to win. Just don't get caught." This guy has now been officially caught. But it was only because those boys were so awesomely stupid as to record their crimes and post them on the internet. Without all that, it's just business as usual for Coach.

If any coach becomes a convenient scapegoat in times of trouble, then he's gone. That's a huge motivation for them to always cover these incidents up; it's not just to continue the team's successes. There's an implicit understanding between coaches and administrations: "Do whatever it takes to win. Just don't get caught." This guy has now been officially caught. But it was only because those boys were so awesomely stupid as to record their crimes and post them on the internet. Without all that, it's just business as usual for Coach.

If any coach becomes a convenient scapegoat in times of trouble, then he's gone. That's a huge motivation for them to always cover these incidents up; it's not just to continue the team's successes. There's an implicit understanding between coaches and administrations: "Do whatever it takes to win. Just don't get caught." This guy has now been officially caught. But it was only because those boys were so awesomely stupid as to record their crimes and post them on the internet. Without all that, it's just business as usual for Coach.

ANY adult who had knowledge of this and didn't report it should be charged.  And beyond that, the parents or any adult who bought or provided the alcohol and allowed the party to proceed with no adult supervision should also be charged or in some way held responsible.

A slew of amoral adults and children.   Throw the book at them.   Hat tip to the AG for going after the bullies that can't see past their own egos.

All of the people that stood around watching and recording the awful behavior are just asguilty as the two adolescents charged because they should have stoped them from actingSTUPID.

What happened to sportsmanship?  This demontrate how disrespectful people are to one and another. These young adults should have been sentenced to longer terms.  They assulted another person....sex asulted a person  .The victim here is not the criminal.  Doesn't anyone teach these kids any human respect for others.  Their morals are non existent.  Where are the parents in this picture....obviously they aren't in the game aymore than the school and the coaches are.

I hope other underage girls will learn from this and not get drunk and have this happen to them.  As for the boys take heed of this and learn from it.  No excuse for this type of behavior as it will always be against the law.  Good job judge and prosecutors for treating this as a crime and making the boys pay for their crime with jail time.

send him and the adults that provided the alcohol to jail.  they obviously need to learn their lesson too.Ohio's AG should find all those Missing Gold Coins. But bravo actually doing your job for Once Mike Deswine.

it amazes me how ignorant and callous the youth are today. really this girl has just been violated and you threaten to beat her up because she tore your family apart.???? i think your family was screwed from the get go you dumb  ignorant little bit#ch.

what happened to teen cerfews.....  16 year olds dont need to be on the streets drunk  at 2 , 3 or 4 in the morning..

Sounds like a sick little town.

Moe, Larry and Curly, 21st century style.....

These juvenile delequents belong in a real jail for at least 5 years. Their acts are irresponsible and represensable.  No one forced them to drink so thre is no "excuse or cute or manley".   The whole "kit and kaboodle" belong in jail for covering up or participation.  Teenagers know better and they know the law.

The school board should shut down the football program.  It sounds like the football team and championships is the only thing the community and the parents care about. Football is an extracirricular activity not needed for an education and the school board needs to get a hold on what seems to be a widespread sickness within the student body and faculty.  27 coaches in a town of 18,000 says it all.

Wow. I wouldn't want to be in the shoes of those coaches and the owner of that house. Who bought the booze, Whoa, your going to get it too. This is going to go on for quite some time.

OK Stupidville..Stop your football program its wrong and produces idiots..Fire the coaches and go after anyone involved...

Well it wasnt jerrySounds like the coach maybe learned from Papa Joe's boys keeping things hushed up for the good of the program?

I feel gleeful about their being in trouble, not least because they are arrogant, popular jocks.

Glad to see they are going after everyone involved......

A day light and a dollar short but at least this is finally happening.

Welcome to Steupidville...

Ppl not reporting these kinds of crimes are just as guilty as those committing the crimes.

EXACTLY!!!  It is pretty clear that adults were involved in the coverup and DEFINITELY more kids were involved! The owners of the house need to be held accountable for allow kids to consume alcohol in their home.

If I lived there, I would move immediately. Not because it isn't a great place to live, but because I would know the "immoral" fiber of my neighbors, their children, and school and police officials.

I'm glad they threw the 2 little pieces of trash in juvie for threatening the victim!!!  No sweetie......no one destroyed your family other than the two circle jerks who raped the young girl.

If any coach becomes a convenient scapegoat in times of trouble, then he's gone. That's a huge motivation for them cover up these incidents; it's not only to ensure the team's successes. Coaches and administrators have an implicit understanding: "Do whatever it takes to win. Just don't get caught." This guy has now been officially caught. But it's only because these boys were so incredibly stupid as to record their crimes and post them on the internet. Otherwise, it's simply business as usual for Coach.Get a rope........ find a tree!

This is turning into a witch hunt--the good kind.

Ligthhouse Youth Center, sounds like a Christian run place, why can't they just go to a juvenile detention center like all the other kids from low income areas are sent to?  The fact the lead sentence in one paragraph is more concerned about the effects on the football program makes me sick.  The coaches and teachers need to be reprimanded and fired depending on knowledge of the incident.

The coach and the sheriff both need to be investigated.

If the coach knew and did not go to the police put his a as in prison

All who contibuted to the immorality of these young men should be prosecuted.  They are the product of their ineptitude.  While it is just that they should be held accountable they are not the only ones to blame.  They are a product of their environment.  Just a damn shame.

Yes!!  Bust the creepy coach ... let some fellas violate him with their fingers.Yes!!  Bust the low-end parents who bear huge responsibility for this.What a culture these guys reveal.Are we in Pakistan?

Who's the old geek on the right

The girls that harassed this victim said their family wa sripped apart. My word - what about what these boys ripped apart in this girl? They should get a long prison sentence after they reach 21. Actions have consequences. Rape is a vicious violent act - these boys are animals preying on an innocent girl.

This was not these "boys" first rodeo. Jane Hanlin has shielded the "rape crew" by pressuring previous victims to not press charges with veiled threats about what would happen to them in the media and community. A major "booster" for the team has his own dirty laundry consisting of pictures of young women, possibly students, possibly taken in the school's locker rooms, on his phone and computer. The coach has publicly made vile comments about the victim. I wish the Feds would get involved. It appears obvious there is a criminal conspiracy in that townKinda like Penn State....football &amp; sex!

can any1 say, joe paterno? cover up?

It's a start...

Finally, a DA that has the sense to hold the adult enablers accountable.

This school has more coaches than the NFL

Re-post from Matt. Great info Matt I hope we can all keep posting this so that all who participated get what they deserve.GOOD! Bring down ALL the (f)uckers involved in this disgusting case!Here is a short list of those responsible:(known members of the schools Rape Crew)Trent MaysMalik Rich(mondMichael Colin NodianosCharlie KeenanCody Saltsman (victims ex boyfriend, came up with the idea to drug the victim)Mark ColeAlso those who assisted in the cover-up:James Parks (assistant coach: pictures were found in his emails of inside the girls bathroom at the HS)Sheriff Fred Abdalla (runs the largest illegal gambling operation in Jefferson County)Prosecuting Attorney Jane Hanlin (mother of Charlie Keenan, member of the Rape Crew)Head Football Coach Reno A. Saccoccia (told the boys to delete the evidence, his motto is "Lie til you die")

And it is art and music that get  cut in these schools, you would not find an art teacher behaving the way this coach did...

If you only get a year for rape, what do you get for knowing about it and not reporting it? A day?

It blows my mind the coach is still at the school after supplying the kids with booze or even a place to allow stuff like this to happen. He and MANY others parents that the parties jumped from should be held accountable. As well as the numerous people you can see in the pictures just watching this girl as she was being carried and raped...how anyone can call this justice IDK.

What a cesspool Stupidvile must be, the coaches an parents involved must be held accountableWow.... it looks like they are going to CLEAN HOUSE on all the idiots who were involved one way or another!!

"The video, passed around widely online, depicted a student joking about the attack. "She is so raped right now," the boy says."The "boy" in the video's name is Michael Nodianos why isn't that being reported?

prosecute the girl for underage drinking too. get'm all.

The high school girls just don't get it, do they?  They attack the victim for destroying their family not the actions of the adolescent hormone fueled boys.  How would the girls feel if it had happened to them? From following this whole case, the feeling women are still second class citizens and the threatening girls are enforcing the degradation of women.

So did these HS football pinheads think they were too famous to be prosecuted? I guess the idea was like the businesses here in the U.S. they were too big to be allowed to fail so had to be bailed out - right?  Here's your wake up call boys, their gonna love YOU boys and your not going to be drunk when they do!

Ma'lik is 17 and already a conviction?..sure has NFL written all over him...

Sanctions should be placed against the school regardless of what the court outcome is. Athletic depts in all range of sports at any level, even in high school should be held to high standards for moral conduct on and off the field. It`s about time we stop idolizing sports personalities of any age and hold them to high moral standards if we expect our countries youth to stay out of the immoral cesspool.

Steubenville's Football program should get the death pentaly if it's found out that coaches and parents and players tried to cover this up!

a year ! and can be held to 21, slap on the wrist, im sure that sentence will make future rape victim's really want to come forward and testify, smoke pot get 3 years , rape a girl drunk passed out get a year, I don't know but my common sense tells me there's something wrong about that, and I agree with the comments every adult that had knowledge or any part direct or indirect out to be fired jailed etc with out any delay of process

27 Football Coaches for the program. It seems too much emphasis in this district is on football. They should reevaluate their priorities. A good education will do the students more good than a winning football program. It benefits a small portion of the students. Anyone, especially adults, involved in the party and subsequent events should be prosecuted.Shut the football program down for a while.  That might redirect the community's priorities for raising their young men.

How did they get the Alcohol? Who supplied them if it was the Bars take away their Liquor Lisenses! He called the coach and told him and he didn't even do anything?? Everybody involved and didn't say anything should be punished!  And they even transported her across State Lines??The whole town knew what they did all of the time and were surpised the boy was at home when they went to his house?? The School and why 27 coaches??? Get them all!Go DeWine!!

Braunfels, take the lot that was there. Alcohol contributing. Take them down.Close the team. YA THE WHOLE SCHOOL should suffer. Get all ye heads out of ye #$%$.

I'm glad they arrested the facebook bullies, girls are so pathetic when doing that, smh

Is there anything that could be done to the witnesses who watched, took video and did nothing?

I hope those girls that were threatening the victim got a taste of their own medicine in jail. I am sure they weren't so tough in jail!

these parents need to see charges and fast. they are the most immoral bunch of incompetent parents ive ever seen. proclaiming their sons innocence after irrefutable evidence is circulating the internet and these geniuses documented their own crimes.apparently we have parents in this country who dont know what morality is, teach their kids to exploit when possible, anyone or anything, and so on.put these #$%$ parents in jail with their delinquent sons, ohio, and send a message across our country that bullying, abuse, gang-mentality, and the lack of teaching morality to your kin, will be punished after crimes are committed.im VERY glad the two #$%$ girls who were threatening the victim were locked up. thats a start. because like i said, apparently we have parents that are immoral, brain-dead twits in this country that preach anarchy/exploitation to their children.

It is just amazing everyone turned their heads and this was allowed like it was always alright! everyone involved that even knew should be punished, the one's that supplied the alcohol, the bars that supplied it,

I guess no one saw the piece ESPN did last week on this case, they had Mays' parents on, saying their son didn't do anything wrong and how upset they were about how the cops came to get their precious boy in the middle of the night and how bright the lights were that they had on the house.  I think his parent should be arrested for stupidity as should all the parents, coaches and the so called friends of these idiot boys.  It is very clear everyone knew what was going on and just looked the other way and I'm sure this has been going on for years.  I hope the officials in the city do what they say they are going to do and I hope the media stays on top of this.  Normally I don't know the media but in cases like this it needs to be splashed all over the news.  Glad they arrested the 2 idiot girls today and I hope they keep them locked up for a long time.  Social media needs to be more closely controled; I hope their pages where shut down right away and for good.  The social media is a real problem, someone needs to figure out how to keep kids off of this stuff.

###I saw the TV news and thought the white boy said he was sorry that the pictures got around.  Did I miss the part where he regreted HIS action, the abuse?  Did he just consider it routine party behavior?### It's scary to think that there are a lot of other kids around who are like-minded.  Good luck,America.It is disturbing that when someone suggests these girls and their parents have some responsibility for their behavior the post gets slammed with thumbs down. I suspect this one will too, however any of these teens, boys or girls should be held accountable for underage drinking and it's consequences and the adults who make it available to them also if they did so knowing a teen would consume it.

these crazy kids these days huh?

Sad thing is that comment was made that this was not the first time these boys had behaved in this manner - it was an accepted behavior, amusing to some, there may be other victims who will not come forward.  Such a shame that players like these boys tarnish the reputation of those in the sports arena that are honorable.  These boys first concerns were for there precious sports futures - who might want them now?  Perhaps they will learn something about respect and integrity and have to work their way up like the rest of us.  They do not deserve to have a bright future in the field of sports - nor do any of their peers and coaches that are proven to have been aware if these behaviors after further investigation.

"...state Attorney General Mike DeWine said he was continuing his investigation and would consider charges against anyone who failed to speak up after the summertime attack. That group could include other teens, parents, school officials and coaches for the high school's beloved football team, which has won nine state championships." --This needed to be done. A message needs to be sent to the enablers.

It is a sad day when the life of 16 year old is changed forever and everyone in the immediate vicinity tries to cover it up because it involves star football players.  Rape is wrong in any part of the world and it should be no different in Steubenville.  If they are getting out at the age of 21, they are getting off easy; the victim has to live with the shame for the rest of her life. Idiots.

Finally, an AG is taking action to stop this BS. I am proud of him. Well done, Sir...

Sounds responsible. They have a town in desperate need of repair. It is good to see there are at least some people in Ohio who are willing to invest the time to fix the problems that hurt three kids lives. So much was gong wrong out there and it will take effort and retribution to set things right. It was a relief to see they arrested those girls who were threatening the victim in this case. As we can see it wasn't too much of a surprise that we see these boys going to jail considering the quality of many of the kids in and around Steubenville.Time to clean house and make sure these kids learn how to behave like decent human beings.

finally they are going after the adults...I hope lose their jobs and are sent to jail as well!

Wow, one whole year for rape....that will teach them a lesson. That is just a slap on the wrist, what kind of law do they have in Ohio where a one year sentence is applied to raping someone? Is it really because they are football players? Totally unbelievable.

So the coach took care of it? The state should take care of the coach: give him free room and board for 10 years. I despise authoritarianism of all kinds. Echoes of Paternolism (pun on paternalism) here: "Father knows best," especially when he has a white clerical collar around his neck and knows best where the boy's manhood is.what do you mean could be where  investigated, if this was there child  they would already be in jail what a shame

Such trash!

It still amazes me that people do these things knowing it is being captured on video forever for all to see. I can't imagine comitting a crime and telling my buddies to video record and send it to everybody we know. I don't care how drunk, young, and stupid you could be, how could you not think this could get you in trouble?

Ooooo, a whole year in juevie.  That ought to teach them rape is misdemeanor.   what?

#$%$!  I'm sure Ohio has some sort of governing body for H/S athletics.  This town needs it's ticket pulled!

Two thumbs up for Mike DeWine!

GIRLS threatening this female victim? What the heck is going on in that town. It's appears nearly the whole town is sick.

I'm commenting as an outsider but an Ohio Valley observer.  Big Red Football seems to be the most important thing in Steubenville since it's fallen on hard times due to steel mill &amp; related industrial closings.  It's now a smaller city with big time problems, drugs, shootings, etc.  They've apparently misplaced their city pride into HS football instead of stressing family values, respect for others,the law and, above all, morality.  Don't get me wrong, it's not the entire population but it APPEARS that more than a few think this way.  It, also, appears that this certain few has the mentality that rape is acceptable if done by the "rape crew" just so it doesn't effect football. I'm wondering... IF those guys were so named then how many others might have been victimized by these thugs and others over the years and how many times has the code of silence been invoked?  It's unfortunate that alcohol (drugs?) led these boys,  into a gang like mentality, to do things they probably wouldn't have done by themselves.  I'm an optimist so I think that when the 2nd shoe falls and others are either charged or cleared, Steubenville will recover but it'll leave a stain on the city's reputation for a long time.

The people deserve JUSTICE. The court has not given them that. Justice must be taken by the family. Revenge should be the order of the day!!!!!

So now I know why they are called coaches. They only take credit when things go well."Keep Smiling"Someone supplied alcohol to minors and no one is charged?

OMG!!! Coaches are providing alchohol for minors? What where they thinking? How stupid is that? They are just as guilty if not more so than the boys that did the rape. They should be relieved of their coaching jobs and anyother contact with the kids at the school.

Does anybody remember the victim? They should ALL be in jail!

EVERYONE that broke the law should be charged. ALL the kids that were drinking underage should be charged as well as their suppliers.

Sad low life town. No moral compass at all.  Losers -- no industry will ever move here now.

As usual the news media feeds us bits and pieces and we outside can never get a true picture. At first word, I was appalled at the press making this a sports story or attacking the school as this occured in the summer, not on school grounds or events,,etc,,,But now we find that maybe the head coach was involved..or the school district..and a cover-up with the school and football coach involved.

they are Yankees, you can throw the whole state in jail

Take down parents, school officials, party attendees that stood by and did nothing, and the cowardly social media taunters.   Its pitiful..  the lack of any moral compass in these people.    The kids learn from the adults.

It's time to evauate ourselves as parents.  We love our kids, and we'd do almost anything for them.  We buy the kids video games, i-phone, i-pad and we let the kids do whatever they want.  When the kids do something wrong we don't want to too harsh on them, for fear that we are going to crush their little spirit.  When our kids commit a crime we want the justice system to take it easy on them, but when our kids are the victims we want justice to be served.How often do we talk to kids about values, about the "one and done" mistakes (e.g. drugs, murder, robbery and rape) to avoid?  How much do we know about our children: what they are doing at school, what they write on Twitter/Facebook, what kinds of friends they are hanging out with, even what they want in life, their hobbies?   Do your children know underage drinking and having sex with a 16 year old are against the law and can land them in jail?  Your kid writes on Twitter to threaten/bully the rape victim what are your excuses as parents?  Many of us believe we are perfect parents, but in some cases are we?

1 HS Football team does not need 27 coaches, hell only 22 players can be on the field, and a total of 53 players on a NFL team.  FIRE,FIRE,FIRESorry AP, there was no guilty verdict.  They were found delinquent.  Tell the truth.

WAIT!!  WHAT?? The coach hosted the party??? why isn't he in custody???

This whole thing makes my stomach just churn.Like so many previous comments, I feel like the blame rests on lax parenting, even the rape victim's parents. My kids are not perfect by a long shot, but we ask questions, we check up, we mete out consequences for bad behavior and certainly reward for things well done! WE have to teach OUR kids what it is to be decent, to know what is right and wrong in reality, and not let them get so desensitized that remarks like "that girl is so raped!" is a punchline.How hard is it to SAY NO AND TAKE AWAY THE KEYS TO THE CAR?!? Parents, you need to take back control of your familys!The girls who threatened the victim so publicly after the rapists were convicted and sentenced are ignorant, callous kids. The older one - obviously a relative - said "you ripped my family apart"; really? The rape victim tore your family apart????? Little girls, I hope you NEVER have a little too much to drink and get taken advantage of and/or exposed the way this girl did - wouldn't want you to rip someone's family apart!

My question is, who supplied the alcohol? They should get a mandatory 5 years in jail. I would imagine that most of the kids at that party were underage. Actually, it should be a year in jail for each kid under 21years of age. The Ohio attorney General said it right, "ENOUGH IS ENOUGH", period.

Oh this thing is going to BLOW UP!  Wait till the house of cards starts to fall.  Coaches, parents, other kids.The school will not act YET as the events really had nothing to do with a school event.  AFTER the dust settles, though, they will of course begin to cut heads.  Anyone having anything to do with it, even though currently is all suspicion, should be on leave until further notice.  If they were smart that is...

lived there for 4 years about 20 years ago. nothing has changed. that football team was treated like royalty then and looks like they still are getting away with things.

One also can wonder with all this, what level of accepted bullying gets carried out by these young men and other like them? If they have been able to get away with this for so long, I pity the other victims of this tolerated behavior.

I struggle with the stupidity and arrogance of these children, but I am outraged at these adults.  How could someone not come forward to protect this young girl (and the possible others)?  Children/teens are stupid, selfish, unaware - BUT there is NO excuse for adults.

It is a shame when people speak out about people doing illegal things and nothing gets done. The whole community looks the other way because the person caught is special. Even more bad then they will ridicule the person for saying something. If it was not for a camera this would have gone on and nothing would be done, because of lies and cover ups by respectable people (supposedly respectful). SHAME ON THE WHOLE COMMUNITY.

A terrible situation, but it could have been worse.  She could have died from alcohol poisoning or chocking on her vomit or hit by a car.  Who lets their 16 year old daughter stay out all night??That woman in the photo looks like she is about to burst out laughing at anytime.

Good take action maybe it will clue in this town to its disgusting lack of morals and ethics.  They raised these kids to behave this way and then actually cover up for them.

As much as I like Football I hate to say the mentally of people when it comes to winning anymore as taken away the morals of America- I would just rather see no sports at all until Americas Morals are cleaned up.As a Trainer I would see Fathers that would do anything just to get his son into College football. And that is Terrible.They put sports over Grades-

This PUNK low life coach probably was in on it- what a low life to cover for this #$%$. He needs to be in jail too. Don't cover it up make a example out of this people and maybe it might save a girls life.Why would any DECENT coach hide this from the Police- because he is Trash.

thanks dewine for stepping in. the owners of the home have some responsibility, where are the parents in all this, who bought the liquor? more adults than the coaches knew about this.a note to young girls if your friends leave you drunk and unconsious they are not your friends.

Going after anybody who hid anything from the police is entirely correct as is investigating the owners of the house where that video was taken. Obviously there are some adults who did not recognise there responsibilities and they need to pay the price every bit as much as those two punks do.A year or two for obstruction of justice for a few coaches and some charges of aiding and abetting for the people that allowed this to happen in their home might make a few other parents think twice about allowing their little darlings to throw unsupervised parties. Its just crazy to let kids drink and party like that. What the hell did they expect to happen?

I've said it once and I'll say it again: This Steubenville mess is what happens when loser adults worship children. CHILDREN.

Nothing will be done to the coaches.They have to keep their jobs to produce OSU recruits.

I am glad they are are addressing the on going bullying of the rape victim by other students and the community.  I can't believe it is happening in the first place but the bullies that are still harrassing the victim need to pay hard!!!!!  It is sad to see that there are so many narrow minded idiots that still think the football player rapist and child pornographers are the victims!!!  Rape laws apply to everyone and community heros and elite are not exempt just because people look up to them!!!!  Laws are for the protection of the people, especially those who can't protect themselves no matter what the circumstance is!!  Drunk doesn't mean "open for business" for anyone who happens to be around!

This "coach" needs to be replaced.  This "coach" should be indicted if he provided the place where some of this action took place.  This "coach" should be sued by the parents of the child molested.  This "coach" is no different that the Penn State "coach" who went to jail for is miscomings as a "coach".I'd get a good piece of someones Home Owners Insurance if she were my child

yes!!!   teach everyone the lesson that this WILL NOT BE TOLERATED!

So when do they prosecute the "victim" for underage drinking?

I hope the authorities can determine who was in on this and who was not. I imagine there are members of the team and maybe even some of the coaches that did not know or participate. If so, they should not be punished or their sports program cancelled.  That would be akin to spanking all your children for the bad acts of just one.

First off, I don't understand why this low-life hasnt been charged already or any other adult that knew about the rape and did nothing. They should all be fired and never allowed to teach or coach kids again!Also..WHERE WERE THE FREAKING PARENTS!!! Ridiculous.

I do not understand why the coach wasn't at least suspended from work after all this came out.In other news  a teacher made a comment on face book and she was fired for it and  here they just care more for  football than the message that all this is sending to the world.

How about accessory to a felony and obstruction of justice?  Fired?!

Well they were able to nab 2 more freaks from Big Red that were threatening the girl, and it has just begun.  I notice two or three big red folks on here putting thumbs downs to rational comments but that is not surprising.  Your little #$%$ games will not work this time, because the big boys are coming to get you.  A long, black cloud is coming down and you are going to get rained on you big red trash.  See you all in prison. haha

I don't know what the laws are and i don't want to rewrite history but if theres any way to prosecute those who stood by and watched, those who knew and did nothing then by all means it needs to be done. This society has been going downhill for years. Just look at all videos people post of themselves committing crimes, just like this.One last point. If they can go after those who stood and watched and mocked i think community service is enough. Except of course any adult who tried to cover it up.Just to learn shame. Enough lives have been destroyed.

The girls of Steubenville and nearby are simply not safe in this kind of denigrating environment, and the boys are being raised to think and behave with criminal minds. So, yeah, the adults are responsible for this and all of them should be prosecuted now.Time to put a stop to the "boys will be boys" mentality, make an example of them as well !

in the state of ohio , any adult who hosts a party where alcohol is furnished to minors, that adult will be charged with a crime

Reading so many of these comments about athletes being idolized in their communities makes me think of my youngest daughter.  She gets annoyed at the pep assemblies that they have for the different sports teams at the school.  She's not in any sport at the school, nor is she interested in attending the games.  She rides horses.  She's in the Honors Society.  She quietly achieves without an audience.

How about they charge the teens for drinking, the people who bought it for them, the store that sold it to the people who bought it and the company that made it.  After all the company that made the alcohol should share some blame also.  What about the company that allowed them to air the video?  Shouldn't they then also be charged by allowing a video like this?  Do they have no responsibility?

That pic!!! Ha ha ha!!!! The three stooges!!!

So has anyone suggested that the parents of the girl be held responsible for her being under age and drinking, and also she was unsupervised and left to go into another town?

It's a sad thing, they went from drunk laughing, to prison time. good job mom and dad!!

Stupidville should be disbanded.

So, in the photo above... who is the AG, Who is the Coach and Who is the Party Host...;)

What do you bet Hollywood comes out with more movies this summer making drinking at a party look like just a way to have a good time.  They'll also throw in some scenes where sex between teenagers is "coming of age".  Then for good measure, they mock those awful Christians who promote abstinence.I knew this was going to happen.. The owners of the home where the attack occured have to answer to law enforcement.

Man o man! The coach and the owner of the home where the party occurred. That is low, very low of them allowing the kids to drink their head off leading to such new media and the violation of the 16 years old girl victim. They ought to be severely punished for their allowing such stupidity in the community. What happened to having the kids to have a good role model? Steve

Every time I hear the name "Steubenville", I will forever associate it with the "Steubenville Rapists", and nothing more.  What a a history.

Bystanders - parents - the police - and now two girls.  What a pathetic hole of a town.  Can we just plow this town under and make a parking lot out of it - it is full of clueless and brain dead idiots that have less common sense and morals than a mutt of a dog.  No offense to dogs intended.

If even a half-hearted attempt at discovering indiscretions were made, ALOT of secondary and middle schools in "football" communities would be in big trouble. I'm telling you this as a former teacher and student in one of these communities. Academic fraud, booster corruption and embezzlement, blatant preferential treatment of players, etc, are common. There are small public schools in the South that simply could not exist without the football revenue. You can imagine the consequences.

Why is it always someone else's fault?

The sad thing is this is not just a Stuebenville problem! A very similar situation is going on in my small town of 2,200 people who are all about the basketball team and guess what two varsity boys basketball players are being charged with many charges regarding choices they made to assault a girl! Its very disturbing to know parents are letting kids act the way they do and also allow them to harass a victim in such awful ways! Social media is giving these kids a bullying outlet to where they post cruel and offensive things but are hardly ever confronted face to face! The things some kids have said about the victim in my hometown have been brought to the schools attention but do you think anything has been done about it? NO! Athletes and their parents run the school! I can only begin to imagine what this victim has been put through cause I know what our victim is going through!

Why wasn't the coach fired already?

The coach of Stupidville will be looking for another job soon

Some adults should also be held responsible , with all the booze , and whose house was it .If  I were this girls parents I would bring a civil suit against the home owners, the boys, the coaches who tried to cover it up and anyone else involved. Everyone involved in this needs to held accountable.

Every one should go to jail. Those boys need their fingers cut off for using them in such a disgusting manner!!

Looks like  Penn State, except with hetrosexuals, not homosexuals. Put this whole bunch in jail and stomp this "cancer" out now.

"What we've heard so far is deeply disturbing," McVey's statement said. "At this time, we believe it is important to allow the legal process to play out in court before we as a school district make any decisions or take action against any of the individuals involved with this case."Huh?!?!  Wouldn't the coach AT LEAST be put on paid administrative leave?!  AT LEAST?!

Anyone attempting to bully, demean or terrorize the poor girl(victim) SHOULD be locked up!  I hope all social media outlets she frequents are scrutinized daily.  It should be years before this schools football program is even eligible for post season status.

they should start cleaning up the town

the sad part of this tragedy is its all for greed if this was an average kid and adult. you know not a school star or coach they would throw away the keys. so much money and morals ( lol morals) in pro sports it becomes so important at this level. When you read the whole story there still worried about what might happen to their precious football program.Congrats on the arrest of the harrassing girls and lets pray for the victim here the little girl not high school football.

I believe it is called social hosting, punishable by a $1,000 fine in KS. Anyone who lets kids drink in their home is a damned fool and should be prosecuted.

Penn State turned a blind eye to the rape and assault of little children for years all to protect their precious football. Why is anyone surprised that this happened in a small Ohio Town?

These coaches should be fired, jailed, and lose their teaching credentials.  It's a typical jock, athletics-at-all-costs mentality that permeates these Cretans.Lot of people missing the big picture here.....this has nothing to do with the game of football. This is a criminal act done by two criminals. This is a criminal act that MAY have been covered up by adults that should have known better. Football has NOTHING to do with this.

No doubt if the taxpayers of Ohio fund a school whose coach ignored rape, and had players convicted then its program ought to be terminated. Send a BF message to Stuebenville, and all communities about the severity of the issue.

moral fiber? What moral fiber? You have coaches covering for rapists to protect a football team, a prosecuter AND a JUDGE who had to be FORCED to leave the case to prevent them from tampering... and the ONLY reason this came out at all was because STRANGERS from Anonymous posted the video online. THe victim was harrassed by the town, her family was threatened with economic disaster with the parents being pressured by thier employers to let it go or risk thier jobs.... and someone from that town has the NERVE to say they have moral fiber? Compared to whom? John Gacy? Ted Bundy? The Sandy hook shooter?

teens with alcohol?

Someone post the facebook or twitter names of teh two girls who threatened the victim. I have something I wait to say to them and it won't be pretty.

Wow how dumb can you get? Hosting a party...the coach. He would take care of it. Unfortunately this happens all to often with championship teams all over the country. I for one am sick and tired of it. It is just a game that young people play most will never play after high school and even fewer after college. It is time people take a stand and not let these coaches, administration and players get by with breaking the law and having someone "take care of it." They are victims in these crimes that need to be heard and other held accountable.

punks and chumps in football uniforms--enjoy jail time LOSERS, and remember Karma still pays a visit and hope it is a hundred times worse than the crime you commited--your coach should ALSO be jailed..............

Notice to OHIO taxpayers- this is what your money is contributing to - illegal activity. Disband this football program, fire all involved, no pay, and no pensions for these "contributors to rape and a cover up". And upgrade the music program.

Steubenville, OH doesn't deserve a football program. Maybe they're the ones who came out to support Jerry Sandusky. Is everyone in Ohio a hillbilly?

By all means do not forget the girl, and her underage drinking, along with her parents. She has apparently been out drunk all night before as there is no evidence they filed a missing persons report. They will be scared to touch this part of it, but everyone who did wrong must be punished according to the law. Her mother's statement tended to make her sound like a "saint" and that cannot possibly be true, according to what one of her friends said. Justice has to reach all concerned.DeWine was the AG before, he a "grandstander" trying to make a name for himself through highly publicized cases like this!! He'll be looking for a job after the next election!! He's a continous "steppingstone" !!

And let us not forget charging the 16 year old girl who was drinking

Good, it's about time adults in small towns all over the country are forced to realize that they are accountable for aiding and abetting criminal acts by their own or others' kids.

jail the shrinks, they specialized in mind control.

Shouldn't a person read an article before commenting?

"she welcomed a new, wide-ranging probe".If you ask me, considering the context, that sounds like a bad idea.

From now and on you deserved to be called  "Stupidville"

Sock it to 'em. Keep the heads rolling. It does my heart good to see them arresting the harassers and bullies. At 15 and 16 you are old enough to know better. Blaming the victim for the mess these idiots caused themselves is the height of stupidity.

Regarding the "death-threat tweet", in these times of rampant bullying and school-shootings, any such threat should be handled just as swiftly and severely as if it had been a threat to kill the president. Mommy and Daddy should have taught her better. Now it's the law that should teach her a lesson.

Who knows how many other girls had gone through the same thing but are afraid or ashamed of saying anything about it.  Hopefully all the boys in that town will learn something out of this.Who are the girls. You named the boys in a juvie trial now names these girls who threatened VI tim

Bottom line - all that matters are the quarterbacks, football team and championships.  hell with everything else.  what a disgraceful society we live in - these teens are the future - omg - heaven help us all.  host, football coach and even some of the parents should be in jail

Post conviction the discussion continues and...SICK sub humans call saying that the punishment does not fit the crime, that the assault was not that bad...etc.  WHAT!!!?!!!  Sexual Assault is a CRIME!  These two #$%$ were tried as juveniles OR THEY WOULD BE DOING long hard time as they should! MANY continue to defend the guilty!

let's get that coach in the graybar now...fxxker belongs there....fxxking rapo.

They should have their football program removed and make all these little trashy kids focus on school work and bettering themselves.

If I had the power and was on the school board I would fire the coaches, contact all of the schools that they played and forfiet all the games played in 2012 and announce the football program would be suspended for three years because there are several players that got away with contributing to this and they need to also learn what can happen to them for standing by an not doing anything to help a girl in her condition!

Does anyone else find it odd that a high school football team has 27 coaches? Jusy sayin

Good...someone else is acknowledging that there are others who should carry some responsibility for this crime....

Stupid children come from stupid parents.  Our voyeur laissez-faire society enables both.  Thanks to Dr. Spock, 70's pop-psychology, and an ever-enabling but never hold accountable leftist public school system.

This entire series of events could have been avoided or prevented with just a little adult supervision.  It is truly sad  and in some cases alarming reading about some of the comments made by the youth that witnessed this and also some of the adults that were not and have not been forthright about reporting this.  It is very troubling the lack of basic human dignity displayed in this situation.I don't understand, have the adult or adults been identified that reside in the house the party was held in?  Have the adult(s) been investigated?  Did they have knowledge of the underage drinking?  Were they out of town and unaware of the party?  If this has been reported I haven't seen it.Any "adult(s)" with knowledge of what transpired should have reported it immediately.  For example, did the football coach report this to the police department when informed of his players actions?This story makes me wonder if there is a culture in Steubenville, OH of trying to look the other way when it comes to the high school football players transgressions.  On the other hand maybe this is symptomatic of a bigger issue in the USA?Regardless, I would like to know if the Attorney General and Prosecutors are going to "continue" their investigation as indicated above then how long does it take to determine what the role of the homeowners was or wasn't?  How about the other adults?  I don't understand why they are just now talking about potentially prosecuting additional people after all this time has passed.  It seem this information would have come out during the investigation of the two accused.its just like Penn State football. The program is more important than raping of kids.

The State School Board should give THE DEATH PENALTY TO BIG RED FOOTBALL

27 coaches? #$%$.?

Maybe its just me but both guys appear to be black and the girl in that picture appears to be White. How come the media isn't all over this for their racist agenda? Oh that's right only if its the other way around is it priority news. Where's the Kings wife on this issue oh that's right still pushing the gun control issue over heart tugging issues is the only thing they are interested in pushing for their agenda. Sick people controlling the news media to try to alter our rights as law abiding citizens.

Not to mention...where did ALL these minor's get the alcohol????  Who bought it for them or sold it to them?  I bet if alcohol wouldn't have been involved none of the events would have happen.

Another town that worships the game of football...

Pretty bad when AG has to step in to disipline parents and coaches of high school, society is the low life

Once again I say the football team should be sanctioned and the coach should never be allowed to coach football again

Yes. PLEASE go after the adults that sat by and covered this up and allowed a party with alcohol to be served. The kids behavior was reprehensible, but the adults in this situation need to be held accountable for letting their kids run amok.

First questions for the coach: "Are you proud that players believe that you would cover up a rape for them? Is this the kind of lessons you think an educator should be promoting?" Then put every administrator and every school board member on the stand to answer the same question. If any adult failed to report this, charges need to be filed.When people want to act like animals, they should be treated in the same manner. Big macho boys crying like babies when held responsible for their actions. If you want to do the crime, then you will have to do the time. Simple as that.

What do you mean "Ohio AG could target football coach, host of party"??? COULD? Get off your dead posterior and get some cuffs on these lowlifes! Otherwise, what is the message for the others who still think that this was somehow "ok" to do?

Ferret all the irresponsible parties out and prosecute to the fullest extent of the law, other wise nothing will change. Time to move on for this community.

i said thats what shoud happen during the trail articals and got tons of thumbs down  now all commets are a band wagon of doing just that   intersting

I feel sorry for the boys and of course the girls, its stupity and bad judgement on everyone's part, but the 2 boys will pay dearly for it.

another sick example of the power of money and fame over human rights........

Lets go after all the parents of these kids at the party who where out after curfew time.we should hold everyone responsible than maybe these things will not happen.Just when do parents  start acting like parents.

She ain't an accuser, you #$%$, those two little #$%$ were finally convicted, she's a victimm and you'll have the moral and ethical integrity not to suggest that all she has is accusations of a crime that may or may not have happened!

I wonder what these two little trouble making girls would feel like if they were raped?

The parents who provided alcohol should be charged as well.Providing alcohol to an underage personA person who furnishes alcohol to an underage person is guilty of a first-degree misdemeanor. The maximum penalty associated with this offense is six months imprisonment or $1,000 fine or both. A social host, therefore, risks being fined and imprisoned when he/she furnishes alcohol to a person who is not 21 years of age. Keep in mind that the bigger your party is, the more people there that you don't know, the greater the chance of getting caught and/or charged.

No mercy! we need to rid ourselves of these#$%$ of society."

Justice because it got publicized outside of Stupidville.

Penn State?

It's about time!  The coaches and parents who condone rude behavior to girls and young ladies should be held accountable. Same goes for any parent who allows their kids to drink alcolhol and party.. they should be held accountable in a big way for their kids resulting actions.  It was that way when I was a kid.. and should be even more so in a case like this.  Hang the coach and partents.. kids got off far too easy... there is still justice to be done, so glad to hear this...

An old adage here, the acorn doesn't fall far from the tree!   Where did the team get the idea of entitlement and arrogance?   Hope the AG gets them all!   Forget your championships, try a little character effort!

The owners of the house and the coaches will get a slap on the wrist at best because they are "PILLOWS OF THE COMMUNITY"

I've been following this since the beginning and quite frankly...all this finger pointing and blame game sh...tuff is BS!!! The boys acted like animals in heat, used very poor judgement and committed criminal acts. The girl acted, quite frankly, like a common tramp...and NO, I'm not saying that she got what she deserved, keep reading!! Then there were Coaches that some say "looked the other way", and there were adults that provided the locations for these boys to party at. It's really easy to sit here and chastise every single person involved from the principal, to the coaches...and even to the Steubenville Police Department...because if any of you think that they didn't look the other way then you're just plain naive!!!BUT...I haven't heard many, if anybody, point the finger at those who ultimately shoulder more responsibility, and blame for that matter, than anyone else around....THE PARENTS!!! I mean seriously, all those involved with this incident were MINORS...what were they doing out at 4am?? Did these fathers talk to their sons about respecting women and not abusing them? Obviously not, and I'm not just talking about the two convicted...there were so many others that could have stopped it, but didn't!! And how about the girl, did her mother teach her what it meant to be a lady? Did she explain to her that when you act like a sl#t you can easily end up with that reputation? Again, obviously she didn't. And her own friends...simply leaving her in the hands of 4 high school boys while she and the boys are drinking...seriously, are these girls brain damaged or what? This is a prime example that parents should also be held accountable for crimes that their minor children commit...maybe then some fathers would be more involved in their children's lives...and more mothers would think twice about having unprotected sex and having unwanted children!! It's simple parenting that I used "Who, What, When and Where"!!! Who are you going to be with? What are your plans? When are you going to be home? Where all will you be going? And don't be lazy, follow up. Go to where they said, let them see that they had better tell you the truth!! And when they don't...come up with a punishment (a realistic punishment that you can live with as well) and stick to it!!

The girls that harrassed the victim should serve some time just like the two rapists

If the coach was aware he should be punished the same as the owners of the house need to be punished, I always know what is happening at my house and if it's not right then I call whom ever it takes to correct it. It is only right to protect the girls and the boys and to prevent them from harm.I simply do not understand this case.  Why did this happen?  Every article I've read and each documentary I've seen regarding this case states that the incident took place in a car and at a "series" of end-of-summer parties . . . Who was hosting these parties.  Where did the alcohol come from?  WHERE WERE THE ADULTS WHO LET A 16-YEAR-OLD GIRL GET SO INTOXICATED THAT SHE WAS "LIKE A DEAD BODY"?  Again, where were the adults?!?  I feel sorry for every CHILD involved and yes, these are all children who were allowed to become intoxicated on SOMEBODY'S watch . . .  ADULTS, PARENTS, COACHES - WHERE WERE YOU?

How does this get kept under wraps for a year with a 12 minute video making the rounds?

The sad thing in all this is the cowards that stood and watched and did not say a word. Now all that are punished for this truly outrageous, hideous crime , by the way punishment to leniant, are complaining their lives are ruined. What about the Girl she will never be the same again NEVER. Thanks to punk, cluless, a h ol e s.

Inmorality runs a amok in that town

I realize this is an extremely depressed area without much going for it, but if they continue to put their football players on pedestals and let them get away with...stuff, they all need to be injected with a testosterone depressant which was a contributing factor BEFORE the alcohol.

If they knew about or were involved in it and covered it up.....HANG EM!

Football is important my fanny! Can the Coaches and shut down the program for three years. This whole scenario is disgusting and no sympathy here for players involved, coaches involved etc. They are all responsible

This should of already taken place whenever this happen and shame on the Ohio AG whom in the woman in the Picture looks dumb founded. The Police Chief. The Ohio AG, The Coach and The one's hosting the party should all have charges brought up against them. The Ohio AG needs to be fired so does the chief of Police for not taking action sooner.

They state there are 41 football coaches Varsity, Frosh and Junior high? Really 41? - total town population is 18k and every other person in town has something to do with the football team???? When I played HS FB we had 2 per team. A coach and an asst. coach.

Why are the lawyers smiling in the picture. Very inappropriate! Glad they won their case but a smile isn't appropriate for a rape case!Folks should have gone to school at Penn State.  Sports has way too much influence in the communities of this nation.  Academics should get top billing.  All who knew of this tragedy should suffer the consequences.

The Ohio AG,a grand jury and most likely subpoenas going out....that whole program is done!!and anyone that went through it is gong to carry that "scarlet letter" fora long,long time.

THE FISH STINKS .....from the head down .......

There is so much blame to go around; the party host, parents who allow kids to do what they like, and all other adults who knew about this and tried to cover it up.

And here we go... I would expect the same.  Underage drinking... Who hosted, who brought and bought the liquor?  Though I still think that a non drunk victim can say no to liquor...

These poor kids only have the buckeyes of Ohio to look up to, no wonder they have no morals and seem to think there is nothing wrong with their behavior!  Ohio is just going to #$%$ and hell in a hand basket!

All the parents that let their teens run wild at night including the victim's parents are equally guilty

The boy complained " My life is over" when he was sentenced.Bet your wishing you had thought about that before you were STUPID. Take your medicine, son.

First, these "boys" who really are young men got off easy not being tried as adults.  Second, ANY adult that was aware of this and did not report it needs to be charged as well.  It is gross to think that so many did so little until this went public.  If it had not, would anything had been done about it?  Probably not.

Permissive parents and social media are all part of the bigger problem. But mostly its this entitled youth that believes they are holier than thou because of their social status in their hood rat community. Remember folks don’t idolize the youth, don’t praise them for mediocrity. Teach peace, civility, and humanity. Spit a wad of mucus on the arrogant.butt butt butt dey be da bad asp ballers, what you wanna put dem in jail fo.  they be da team yo

"27 coaches"???  In a high school program? Do we have our priorities a bit screwed up?  "recruiting violations"??  In high school football aren't you limited to people who are within that particular school district?

Who lets there 16 year old girl stay out all night??

At this point the thing has become a witch hunt.The perpetrators have been found guilty and appropriately punished.The city of Steubenville and the the Ohio attorney general need to get on with life.It is important to remember that those two young men closest to the crime scene who videotaped the rape in progress cannot be prosecuted -- they were already granted immunity in return for providing testimony that sealed the fate of the rapists.Now they are talking about giong after people who did not condone or participate in the crime.   Even if they knew about it, that is not a prosecutable offense by itself -- at least not in any sane state.

One year in juvenile jail? Thats a slap in the face to the victim and her family.

27 coaches------- do you suppose they put that much emphasis on education or integrity?

It doesn't matter how she was rasied or how dumb she behaved at a beer party.What matter she was raped period. No one should been treated that way.

......how could "A Yahoo User" comments be hidden due to low rating when it received a total of 47?

And there goes the careers and reputations of many, many men and women in this community......AND RIGHTLY SO!!!!!You'll be seeing this in West Texas where football is king before too long.

Let's wait to see if the parents condoned the drinking because if we arrest and prosecute every parent that their kids drank without permission or stole their alcohol, a good portion of the population would be locked up. As for the coach- no excuses if he covered it up. Send him a clear message -It seems to me they should have been all over these investigations in this case quite a while back.  I think their athletic/football program should be suspended for at least a year.  What was done and the way this was handled by the police, investigators, school and the press has been horrible.  My prayers are with this young girl and her family.

For generations to come, as Steubenville HS football players take the field, they will be known as "Raperville."  So many could have stepped forward to support this girl but nobody did so until they were forced to do so.  Sad, sad - they should all pay.

This is a disgusting example of human beings. Sports above all is the motto of many schools and if not for the video this would have never been known. These 2 idiots thought they were such big studs they had to drug her to get any thing from her. I want to thank these 2 a--holes for sending it out for everyone to see. There is only 1 victim here and i hope that federal charges are pressed. Hopefully these 2 tough studs will meet some nice guys who have daughters and show them the error of their ways. If this was my daughter they would have to leave the state and hide until i died.

Glad law enforcement is stepping in to gather up the adults responsible.   What a MESS!

There is absolutely nothing wrong with their behavior I believe they are just going on a witch hunt and nabbing whoever to make themselves look good.....said former OSU coach Jim Tressel.

Finally...someone with the guts to find out how the kids got alcohol and whose house did the rape and party occur? The parents are as guilty too!

You deserve everything you get you backstabbing piece of @#$%... oh, sorry.  I thought this article was about Obama...

One of the teen witnesses is the prosecutors son! That is how he was able to get immunity, he testified to save his own A(SS).

The new name for Steubenville's  football team is" The Crying Rapist" or Crappers for short.

About time they are going after the rest who covered this up. Coach needs to be fired and charged, along with the home owner, and anyone else who was part of this in STUPIDVILLE! An please take down the American flags, as you are not Americans!It makes me sick when a sports program more worse a High School program is more important than a human being raped. It is the fault of society for not teaching these young kids values in lfe. Throw out the football program and put the coaches and parents that were involved in jail for starters.

Sounds like Stupidville ,oh will be trying to arrest everyone that even viewed the incident. Guess they have no other criminals to chase.

I'm thinking public lynchings are in order. Line em up. We want blood.

The public castration of any and all Rapist would be too lenient a court ordered punishment.

Take that coach out of football.  Period.Charge him as an accessory or for aiding and abetting. He is a disgusting piece of s&amp;@#.I wonder if he would think it was funny if it had been his wife or daughter?

Cody Saltsman: Saltsman was originally charged in the gang rape. After a private back-room meeting at Naples Pasta House restaurant in Steubenville between Saltsman’s father, the Sheriff – and a certain Mr. Teramana (a wealthy Steubenville resident) – Cody Saltsman’s charges were mysteriously dismissed. Saltsman is a former boyfriend of the victim of this attack, and it appears there is quite a bit of bad blood between them – adding a layer of vengence and viciousness that may explain the raw brutality of the attack upon this girl.

Cities that build their glory on High School Sports will do anything to protect that sacred cow. Idolatry never works, the worship of sports is not a religion to be proud of...

One #$%$ up city

So much about "boys will be boys" and "they are going to mature some day"  talk.  Instead every teacher, parent, and coach should preach to these teenagers that there are baselines you cannot cross because "one mistake and your future can be ruined for good".  Underage drinking and having sex with a 16 year old are against the law to begin with regardless if rape does occur.  If Mays and Richmond did have sex with the girl they deserved to be in jail.  No questions asked.To the AG:  Please make sure you give those teenage girls the maximum sentence possible.  It's about time to send a strong message to all young people and the parents what the consequences of cyber-bullying can be.As for all teenagers and the parents:  if you cannot learn anything from this I have a message for you:  SHAME ON YOU.

Never take pictures and place them on the internet. Never give out information that can get you charged with a crime. These 2 kids did everything wrong and are going to prison for it. Get off of Facebook and Twitter. Yall give up too much information for the cops. When will you all ever learn?"The incident that happened was not during a contest, was not even at school. No playing rules were violated, and it didn't have anything to do with eligibility or recruiting," Stried said.Other than the part about "not even at school"  all the same could be said about Penn State.

Tim Stried should be thoroughly investigated for his comments. what rules of playing can be weighted more than this offensive display of in-decorum targeted at debasing womanhood. The football team should be banned; the college should turn to academic excellence for distinction and accolades from the larger society.Success in the pitch begat arrogance and the probe will reveal the untold stories of this and similar incidents hitherto unknown.

Just like Penn State.  Many knew, none acted.  Any coach, parent, teen, teacher or anyone else who knew this happened and didn't speak out should be prosecuted.

I hope these #$%$ get put in general population in prison and find out what rape is really like.

Derp face on the left.

I am just glad this happened in OH. Goes to show damm yankee's are even more f--ked up than us southern rednecks.

Al those involved should be prosecuted and they should be suspended from their positions till it is over. I am not advocating this in reality but I wonder if those girls would mind being raped and harassed? It is easy to say things without thinking them through or being in the other persons shoes. The girl that was raped will have this nightmare for life. Those that did it will have to deal with it for life. I wonder if the boys will have to register as sex offenders? Today's society is too lax with juveniles and over protects them so much so that they come to think they are invincible. Tank my case involving juveniles; On February 2010 I was being harassed by two punks in a car following me down HWY 44 in Shepardsville, KY. They were flashing their lights, giving me their age with the middle finger and running up on my bumper. A quick application of the brakes only emboldened them more, however! As I crossed over a railroad track on HWY 44 there was a loud bang from my car. Not knowing if I hit something on the tracks I stopped and was getting out of my car to check it out after stopping in a center turn lane. A woman called out to me that she saw what happened and had called the police. The passenger punk had hit my car with a water bottle half full. It damaged my car. As I stepped to the rear of my car to see what the damage was the driver lunged his car at me. I pulled my legally carried firearm out and pointed it at him. To make a long story shorter, I took charges out against those punks and two weeks later I was charged with a crime for protecting myself from death or being run over. The Court of Judge Jennifer Porter tried to railroad me into jail and I resisted by going to the media. Then she put me on a gag order to keep me from telling how I was being railroaded till it was over. After TWO years I finally pleaded to two misdemeanor charges to just make it go away. I was never told about the juvenile hearing, never allowed to testify to the court, never allowed to present evidence, never awarded restitution for the damage to my car, never told what, if anything was done to those pieces of manure and absolutely shut out of the whole process involving those pieces of manure{Judge Jennifer Porter not excluded as a piece of manure]. In KY punks are too coddled and protected and I can only hope that these, young men now, punks do something to an adult that kicks the manure out of them and leaves them messed up for life. I had witnesses and I was still prosecuted? What a bunch of manure{if I say Shi(t) it would be censored.

Everyone in the US knows that drinking before the age of 21 is illegal.  By all accounts, this was type of behavior has been on going for some time.  No one is without guilt in this case.  Everyone at the party that is underaged should be charged with possession of alcohol.  All of the parents should be charged with allowing underaged children to drink alcohol, especially the parents of the girl that got abused.  And the girl that got abused should be committed to a treatment center for alcohol addiction, and required to attend counseling.This is, by far, not the first time this has happened.

AG could be ??? AG is pursuing (is what it should say) criminal charges against coach and party host

This the ONLY crime in Stupidville?Who cares what effect this will have on the football team? Every media outlet is focusing on high school sports and the crime seems to be secondary.

Reposting Matt's Comments:GOOD! Bring down ALL the (f)uckers involved in this disgusting case!Here is a short list of those responsible:(known members of the schools Rape Crew)Trent MaysMalik Rich(mondMichael Colin NodianosCharlie KeenanCody Saltsman (victims ex boyfriend, came up with the idea to drug the victim)Mark ColeAlso those who assisted in the cover-up:James Parks (assistant coach: pictures were found in his emails of inside the girls bathroom at the HS)Sheriff Fred Abdalla (runs the largest illegal gambling operation in Jefferson County)Prosecuting Attorney Jane Hanlin (mother of Charlie Keenan, member of the Rape Crew)Head Football Coach Reno A. Saccoccia (told the boys to delete the evidence, his motto is "Lie til you die")

The coach shoould be more than fired he should be in jail with the rapists...and not the kids who raped the girl...but with real rapists...ones whoo would rape his sorry butt

Take em all down! Damn rapists!

coach should lose his job and should be fined for covering up a heinous act. Why aren't more parents in this community outraged by this?

Whyr those coaches still working fire those #$%$ holes 4 covering up

ohio needs to set a clear example for our nation, that bullying, gang behavior, exploitation, and ignoring felonies, will be punished severely. we have seen enough g'damn kids kill themselves due to the faults of brain-dead immoral twit parents who cannot teach their kids morality or right from wrong.Ohio, lock up these moronic parents and do something good for society. We as a nation have had it with this garbage. Send these adults for 6 months in lockup, and the other teens as well. Send a message clear and simple that reverses this ugly trend of parent complacency towards criminal, immoral behavior. Harming others through exploitation, like bullying, harassment and so on.

And the "Salem Witch Hunt" continues.  The Juvy Court and the County DA should be sued for forty thousand bigabucks.  What a dog and pony show for the public.  There is and never will be justice in this case.  The lawyers will ensure it.

Mike H: Just ask Penn State. They  can give you info. Same stuff. Glad these guys got caught before it happened  again.

Sounds like a political witch hunt is getting started now.  If there are people guilty of a crime prosecute them, if not, move on.  Looks like another politician trying to stay in the spotlight.Dumbing Down:  &lt;&lt;&lt;"Why weren't these boys given Due Process and separate public Fair Trials by jury, as guaranteed by the US Constitution ?? No one seems to address this.  Hope the boys retain competent Civil Rights attorneys and sue the State of Ohio and other entities for violations of their constitutional rights.  Btw, minor boys, ages 16 and 17 engaging in sexual activity with a minor girl, age 16, is NOT a crime of rape, pursuant to Ohio R.C. § 2907.04."&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;A.  In order for sex to be consensual, both parties have to be able to consent.   If a person cannot consent due to being drugged, intoxicated, mentally incapable, physically unable to say or sign "yes" or "no" or by virtue of being a minor, the sexual activity is not consensual and is therefore a criminal act.  Most states make exceptions for two consenting minors that are the same age or near the same age.B.  Minors who are not tried as adults are tried as juveniles in the juvenile justice system.  Usually this involves a hearing before a judge.  Such trials may or may not be open to the public.   An adult being tried in the adult system can choose a trial by jury or a trial by judge.C.  Due process:  presumably they were advised of their Miranda rights.  Evidence was collected and reviewed.  They were found to be guilty.  That is due process.D.  No person in the USA has a constitutional right to force uninvited sexual activity on another person nor does anyone have a constitutional right to take sexual explicit photos of another person without that person's knowledge and consent nor does anyone have a constitutional right to distribute sexually explicit photos of a person without that person's knowledge and consent.  Sexually explicit photos are called pornography.  Distributing child pornography (sexually explicit photos of a minor) is a crime in and of itself.

Yeah they need to lock up every resident of that State. All of em appear to be flat out #$%$ krazy to me!!!!!

So, for coaches, parents and even many students, RAPE is acceptable as long as it is done by students of the same age!!! Bullying, raping and facilitating alcohol for minors are acceptable too!!! Where did they all got the alcohol and drugs? The coaches celebrate successful season with girls, alcohol and what not? We criticize the world when something like this happens elsewhere!!! I am ordering my hypocrite cap!!!

The Paterno family probably thinks Coach Saccoccia did enough.

We can only hope politics do enter into and muddy up this investigation.

Why isn't the coach already in jail. I think there's more then enough to put him away longer than the rapist got.

ALL adults involved in this situation should be held accountable!! This type of thing has been going on forever. Coaches cover up for players and players for coaches. It's time that they learn that just because they are football players does not exempt them from the law and being held accountable for their actions!!

The coach, the host ALL OF THESE #$%$ should do long hard time!!!  Sports, money and fame should NOT get a free pass in the US justice system!  Show the sports world, show those that think they are above the law show them ALL Time for justice is NOW!

Damn right don't prune a weed cut it down at the roots. The two young boys are guilty as hell, but their parents are also guilty. The coaches are guilty and so is every one associated with watching, texting and not stopping the imoral acts. What sounds better a small prayer to God every morning or the rest of you life as a documented sex offender.

Joe Paterno all over again.  Well, adults who knew about this should also be held responsible.  Anyone involved in any way should be held responsible.My parents barely let me cross the street as a teen in the neighborhood. Isn't anyone the least bit curious how these parents let their teens cross from West Virginia to Ohio? *Outstanding parenting skills by ALL* /end sarcasm

Lock up the Sheriff too he is a crooked as the rest of them, he tried to sideline the investigation until he realized it was going to be a MEDIA CIRCUS and as normal the MEDIA needed a CLOWN and Abra Ca Dabra Abdalla fit right in!!!!Just like his presence in the court room during the hearing in front of Judge Lipp any deputy sheriff could have stood there but Abdalla the Jefferson County Sheriff Clown had to be there!!!

These Athletes have been coddled and were let to get away with anything they wanted to do..hold the parents.coaches the school and their fellow students accountable for letting this problem to go on for years...THE TEARS  THE YOUNG MEN WERESHEDDING WERE NOT FOR REMORSE THEY WERE BECAUSE THEY GOT CAUGHT!!!

Let's wait to see if the parents condoned the drinking because if we arrest and prosecute every parent that their kids drank without permission or stole their alcohol, a good portion of the population would be locked up. As for the coach- no excuses if he covered it up. Send him a clear message -

"Flash mob" justice - modern day tar and feathers.

That lady on the left, has such an ugly smirk on her face, that her face needs to be smashed in.

Even if she had no memory of the rape, ............ did they bathe her when they finnished ?With that many guys doing "it", ......... would she have been in pain the next day ?I'm not saying "it" did not happen, ...... it did happen.I just find it strange that even if she was passed out, the next day would have had ample signs that "something" happened.Surely the adult that allopwed the party has responsibility for what takes place on their property,, and for actions of anyone that drank at that party. Just like a bar owner is responsible for damages if he allows a drunk person to drive after leaving his business where booze is sold.

... including with the football program's 27 coaches,...REALLY! 27 coaches. You think maybe there is a little too much emphasis on football in Stubenville? This town is pathetic, as are ALL these littel nothing places that put so much emphasis on absolutely unimportant high school varsity sports. It time someone started a conversation on ending this idiotic love of sports. People of Stubenville get a life!

This is a repost from Matt  •  17 hrs agoGOOD! Bring down ALL the (f)uckers involved in this disgusting case!Here is a short list of those responsible:(known members of the schools Rape Crew)Trent MaysMalik Rich(mondMichael Colin NodianosCharlie KeenanCody Saltsman (victims ex boyfriend, came up with the idea to drug the victim)Mark ColeAlso those who assisted in the cover-up:James Parks (assistant coach: pictures were found in his emails of inside the girls bathroom at the HS)Sheriff Fred Abdalla (runs the largest illegal gambling operation in Jefferson County)Prosecuting Attorney Jane Hanlin (mother of Charlie Keenan, member of the Rape Crew)Head Football Coach Reno A. Saccoccia (told the boys to delete the evidence, his motto is "Lie til you die")

I have the feeling if we wait a little bit longer, more girls will have the courage to speak up. For sure this is not the first time this horrible event happens in that school. These kids were very comfortable in what they were doing.  I applaud the courage that mother had in looking for help.Also those  RAPEPISTS cry at there sentence no for feelings sorry, they cry for the simple couse they where going to JAIL, they  worent cry on the day, they took advantage of this girl, and folks of those football players are now mad, yeah right every single one of them are guilty also

These kids were victims themselves...of an adoring community where they felt empowered to commit rape and other crimes. The entire town is really on trial here.

The two young boys guilty of rape and now marked for life as rapers and sex offenders of young girls. That poor girl will be disgraced for life and who will pay for her therapy that she will damn sure need.

Good!  City officials should look more into this incident. Clearly a lot of people knew about this. Hey Steubenville residents:  you're an embarassment.

Yes the AG should investigate every possible individual that fascilitate this unspeakable crime. Let the chips fall where they may.

if they werent football players would the media be this focused on this casecan we leave the football #$%$ out of it and just deal with the fact that ALL the teenagers present and didnt help, are not these wonderful kids they're parents would like to everyone to believe

That whole town turned a blind eye to evil for thier stupid Football team and shpould be ashamed of themselves.

Should be easy the house is on video

So how much more is the State of Ohio going to spend on this witch hunt.

Stride may want to remember what happened to Penn State just by accusation that Paterno was aware of boys being molested.UNREAL!

Ban football. It Sport has far too many thugs

Where is the school board ( or equivalent ) in this whole stinking mess?  It sounds like this stink-hole of a town: Steubenville, needs a good house-cleaning.

Unlike the Penn State situation the incident occured outside the school property.  Therefore, the school district has no jurisdiction, and sadly they cannot fire the coach unless there is a moral clause in the contract.  Paterno did nothing wrong legally in the Sandusky case because Sandusky was not on his football program when the molestation occured.  Keep in mind we are only talking legally.  Morally this is a totally different issue.

This coach should be FIRED. PERIOD.

the coach is a real low life punk.

Check out the expressions on all three faces!!!  It begs the question "who cut the cheese?"

Why did the defendants waive a jury? where is the real trial lawyer  fighting this in front of a jury.  This is a borderline case, drunk with political correctness and Penn State afterglow.  There are boys/men that take advantage of women who belong in jail, and there are boys as drunk as the girls they are with -was there a real cover-up, like Penn State, or just bad taste?

27 coaches for high school football?  How many does Ohio st have

Pretty soon jerks will have to protect anyone 10 and up if they are athletes,the way things are heading.Hopefully, this will send a message to universities, colleges and other schools where raping alcoholic women are the normal. Young women should also get a lesson: stop getting drunk. Go for help.  And parents: please make sure your teenagers are at home after midnight. Absolutely nothing good can happen at three o'clock in the morning, when these kids are unsupervised and drunk.

The witch hunt continues.  There will be no justice if the girl isn't charged with underage drinking.

Do you ever leave your teenagers and some of their friends home alone?  Do you have alcohol in the house?  Do they know they are not to touch it?  Three of the kids do stupid things....you get charged, the football coach gets charged, the school gets charged, assistant football coach gets charged, their friends get charged, their friends parents get charged...Uh...sounds like a witch hunt.

Every time I think people can't get any stupider they lower the bar again.

sounds like a penn state cover up with the coaches

Social media put the spotlight on this one, covering it up is impossible.

The think that struck me regarding the emphasis on football in Steubenville - ".....including the football program's 27 coaches...". The average number of coaches on an NFL team - 18, Alabama's National Championship team....13.

While you are at please investigate the cover up by Obama of our 4 dead diplomats in Benghazi.

They should be charged as bad, if not worse, than the students. Even if the kids "didn't know any better", the adults sure do. And what is wrong with the American system? Getting more time for possession of marijuana than rape?

More of the Sandusky Syndrome.  Is it something in the atmosphere in the Pennsylvania/Ohio area?These college bound high school students from this town that helped cover up this incident might end up with your son or daughter in college how scary is that?

again people get dumber by the day...more threats on facebook and twitter...

Sometimes it takes reality to help people see "the light of day." I predict someone will have the foresight and talent to produce a factual movie of these events to help educate (especially) our youth, but adults as well. The  truth needs to be demonstrated in a graphic manner to drive home the point. The "good 'ol boy" system only serves to protect the jerks who refuse to "pay the piper" and be held accountable for their actions or to become responsible citizens.

screw that #$%$, the thugs raped a drunk teenage kid, now prosecute them and the mother and father of the DRUNK TEENAGE GIRL, treat them like criminals they are too, for letting a teenage go out on a drinking binge.  You know, in this world you often get what you ask for, and the girl and guys got what they wanted that night.

Anyone who did not report this incident AND any adult (parents/coaches) MUST be charged.  Why only punish the 2 boys?  Others need to be held accountable also.

What about the parents? Where were they? This is beyond amazing!

Is that Miss PIGGY in her power suit?

Can't the inernet media be held accountable?  OK to broadcast images os child rape on their site?

Coverups don't work and can be very far reaching.  Two words come to mind:  Penn State.

Yes you are right, here in Texas if you organize a under age party you go to JAIL as simple as that, and a rape happen in that house, also should be guilty the ARROGANS of those folks, for the head coach should be also be and those who try to cover it should go to JAIL,And the #$%$ just keep on coming .... Good bye Stupidville!

Investigate and prosecute.... those who stood by and did nothing obviously did not come into this world by a female, neither do they have any females in their lives.  What if it had been YOUR sister who got raped while everyone stood by and filmed it etc... etc... perhaps you would have a different attitude... Let's get back to morality and good judgement and support those who are acting correctly, especially in this matter .

Start the witchhunt.  The feminist want blood and the politicians need votes.

Someone purchased the alcohol involved. Who dun it? Any adult who had knowledge of the rape and took no action should be charged. The groupies of the two rapist should take heed of the arrest of the two girls already arrested for threatening the victim. The school athletic department should furnish psychological treatment for the victim.

Of course, the girl has no responsibility in this.  NONE!  We will not give her name and she can drink and pass out like an idiot and still be the "victim."   A pattern of wreckless behavior and she is surprised this happened?  Hilarious!    Wow, always someone else's fault, but not mine.What happened was bad but you get what you play for, people.  Ask Nicole Brown Simpson who stuck her finger in OJs nose hole one too many times, mocked him and then did not leave after he beat her up.  Again, OJ bad, but you get what you play for.

Everyone is trying to spread blame. The root of this horrible incident is the #$%$ parenting of both the boys and the victim!!! The parents of the boys obviously were not raised to respect women....and the girl was obviously not raised to respect herself by putting herself in that situation! You're getting wasted at 16 with a bunch of teenage boys??? What do you think will happen?? The parents failed here not a football coach.

Parents need to pay attention to their teens. The term raped now describes getting beaten or conquered as well as the criminal charge. It is really prevalent in online gaming...

Football should be cut from the school if its going to harbor and encourage this "all boys club" behavior. Rival teams should refuse to play against such low lives. I wouldnt be suprised if they're doping as well.

From the sound of things, it may not currently be footbal season and wasn't when all of this took place but football team members are treated like gods and get away with  a host of wrongs just because they are football players.  It will be different when they get away from Hootervile and out into the world, they need to understand that their little burg is just fly dirt on the map and they may not be the big men (or footbal gods) they think they are and their town lets them think they are.

These people are straight up trash! I hope they all pay greatly and serve time! When will people realize parties are a gathering of trashy low lives there to do bad things. Parents please start teaching some morals and control your kids. To the school, football isn't important it's a stupid game mostly made up of uneducated people and criminals. Get rid of the pedaphiles!another JoPa Paterno....coach is going to jail or will be fired

I hope they bring charges against the coaches and the people who knew about it and covered up.

It is a sad, ill-informed and ignorant mind set that blames a VICTIM when the perpetrators are convicted. Those boys made the choices that landed them where they are.  They deserve every moment of incarceration they get (it's not nearly enough in my mind)  If someone in jail happens to show them what it feels like to be vunerable and a victim,....oh well. Then and only then would they understand how their victim felt. The scars of rape last a lifetime. If someone did what they did to THEIR mothers, sisters or grandmothers, they would be mad as hell and would prosecute in a heart beat. The victim and her family are brave and did what was right.

I'm a hard core Ohio liberal and all I can say is go get them Mike DeWine.  One of the few times a will pat a conservative politicain on the back.

Steubenville prosecutors Son was the frist house.

Davis had the gall to say "moral fiber of the community and heritage of the community" has any one seen any of such in the way they have conducted themselves to suggest young or old as role models

They should have tried these two as adults.  Then, lets see if they call it rape if and when they were to get violated with a couple of fingers in jail.  This was a brazen act committed by people thinking they are above the law.  Their parents and coaches obviously encouraged the feelings of superiority and set an example for such horrific judgement.  It is obvious they felt this girl was disposable and there for their entertainment and use only.  I commend the courts for doing the right thing and going after all parties involved and immediately putting a stop to the morons threatening this poor girl.  Even more depressing, it was two other girls threatening her.......sad day for our young females.......

The city manager who refers to education and moral fiber should realize that the kids who did this rape, the ones drinking underage as well as the ones taking video's and pictures and commenting in the negative are all children of the adults in her great 'moral fiber' city. She and the school district are more interesting in keeping the image of the city clean and keeping the football program from being harmed. That is so sad.The relationship of the many people negatively involved versus the small population says that there is no moral fiber in that city.

Yup, the coach hosted a party full of drunk minors.

Whats going to happen to the coach that hosted the party,why was the kids so drunk,where was the adults when they was carring her then raped here,responcible adults dont let this happen,if four boys stick up a bank,do only two go to jail,think about it,to many adults are giving people the chance to do elegal things,and if we dont have classes about all these kind of things,whats legal and what is not we should,respect and more,starting at jr high,parents need to teach,and talk to your children,this discusting that this girl got raped,and it is sad that she was so drunk she didnot know it,we can all do better.Kick their little #$%$  right into prison whare the belong ...!!!!...

Good job Mr. DeWine!

This is America not the third world where are the Feds? This is bs

I blame them all! The girl too. She is know the have a problem. The adults should be in jail for serving to underage., Not reporting and covering up! The girl should be in some recovery program. They are all at fault!!

Is Steubenville coach headed for a Jo-Pa reckoning..?

the town is going crazy stupville ohio

Disgusting!

take big money out of sports and take out crime and cover ups like liars and child molesters

I guess they have a new mascot ......... just fill in the blank!

My god why does this even have to be considered. It should have been done already. DUHHer mother ought to spend some time praying for forgiveness for being an really #$%$ parent. The girl was stupid... which isn't a crime; the boys violated her  which is a crime.

Teenagers can be stupid.  Both boys and girls.  The worst thing that should have happened to that girl was that she got sick after she got drunk.  She should have been able to wake up  from her drunken stupor with her underwear intact.  It's too bad that so many bad decisions, influenced by apparently raging male hormones,  were made in this situation.  Unfortunately no one was there who could have said this is wrong, let's take this girl home.

What we can't do is comdemn all coaches/athletics.  All after school activities, sports and other interests are vital to the growth of our young people.  They help build confidence and teamwork.  We need to ensure that a single element does not grow above the general good of society.  I coached for many years.  I saw the comraderie and I also saw the arrogance.  The first is good the second is bad,  It all comes downs a the basic tenet.  Be humble or be humbled.  There is always someone better and always someone who could use a little help.Do the best you can every time you can.  You will be a better person.  That is the true definition of being a winner.

the parents might have been out of town for the weekend and not known about the party.  when i was in school we would party a kids houses when their parents were out of town all the time.  we would also party at kid's houses when their parents knew about it as well. those parents were usually real winners though.

27 Coaches? Are you kidding me? What's that all about?

The coach should be fired, and if he is a teacher, his license should be revoked PERMANENTLY!!!! Oh....and dont forget jail time as well!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! As an educator, you have a legal AND moral responsibility to protect, NOT cover up.....WHAT A JERK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I guess anything goes as long as the team wins.  The coaches, the parents--they all should be held responsible for this disgusting behavior, especially the coach who knew about it.  It looks like   "morals and scruples" are not part of the Steubenville vocabulary.  As far as the sentence is concerned, they got off easy.

what should happen to the coach, all of the coaches or adults who knew of the rape is they should have a nice warm cot in the county jail. There are laws against this type of coverup. Is winning a football game really more important than a sixteen year old girls wellbeing and safety?

This case is disturbing on so many levels.  How pathetic it is when an entire town lets a high school football team run the place.  Bunch of sickos.

Steubenville will hopefully be remembered forever as the town whose adults didn't care enough about their students and children.  Parents and teachers have an obligation to teach children right from wrong and respect for others AND themselves.  When you stand silently by and let children run rampant, you have to accept that you will be judged by their actions.I wouldn't investigate...just do a walk through because then you have cults and anarchist that will use it as a museum...

Isn't the coach reminiscent of a major college football coach in the same region, that looked the other way and assisted in the coverup. JoPa still has people arguing that he got a raw deal.  I'm sure many of the people from this town will blindly support their coach as well.

as far as i'm concerned this country has become far too liberal and it won't get any better because there are far too many who just don't care anymore.

seems to be more like "stupid-ville".....yep people - these are our future leaders....

This is what happens when we pay tooooo much for sports entertainment.  Years ago players played a sport for the honor, pride and accomplishments of their organization.  Today, it is all about MONEY and FAME....!!!!!   When Athletic Directors and Coaches get paid more than the University President, something is wrong with this scene.  Lets get back to respect, honor and pride in what we do and not be judged by how much money we've amassed.

Ok this is getting stupid.  Going after the coach.  Holy cow - This getting worse that Joe Pa/Sundusky case.  I understand this happen, and its sad but honstly those people should not have placed themselves into those positions.  I mean all parties.  How and why is the coach now in the spot light.  Heck why isnt the grocery clerk that sold them beer in trouble.  How about the bagger that bagged the beer in trouble.  How about the cell phone carrier in trouble.

They look real happy don't they to continue this case and make everyones life a living nightmare?

why wont the girl be charged for underage drinking?

What has come out so far is just the tip of the iceberg. If they truly pursue this further, it will come out that over half the town knew it and that we have heard only a few details. What the boys did was wrong, but I have no doubt that they were at least in the beginning not doing anything against her will. I understand how drunk she was but so were they. I certainly hope that the parents that allowed these parties to go on are made to stand accountable for their lack of responsibility and the fact that they made alcohol readily available to under-aged teens.

Tim Stried, spokesman for the Ohio High School Athletic Association said "The incident that happened was not during a contest, was not even at school. No playing rules were violated, and it didn't have anything to do with eligibility or recruiting," Well, that did not stop the NCAA from burying the Penn State football program . . .Burn in hell gentlemen!

The AG in Ohio is registered as a Republican,but acts like a Liberal,and he wants to put everyone he can in jail. He is an idiot.

Obviously the adults involved in this didn't learn a damn thing from the Penn State cases did they?  YOU DON'T JUST TURN YOUR HEAD AND LET CRIME HAPPEN, YOU DON'T COVER IT UP, YOU DON'T BUY, SUPPLY ALCOHOL TO MINORS, I don't care if your football players have won 10 years in a row.  My God, how insanely stupid are you, along with being neglient adults who are supposed to protect children NOT ALLOW CRIMINAL ACTS TO TAKE PLACE IN YOUR HOME!  Please Mr. DeWine, go after every single person involved to make them the example for every other small town, big city going through or will go through this insanity.  Culpability and responsibility has gone by the way side, it needs brought back and to hell with how jammed the jails and prisons are.  I don't believe in spanking children because hitting a child (or person) teaches hitting is ok.  I would MUCH rather have fear instilled in people who even think about breaking certain laws and the automatic punishment or fine(s) imposed..for them to be scared to even tempt breaking the law for fear of the punishment.  I am in no way saying hate the police, no, just teach them to be fearful of the punishment of breaking the law.  Shakes my head, of course, sometimes it doesn't matter what is said, taught, because you have parents who don't give a damn what they partake in as adults, or what their kids get into.

Well, thank god this is the last female who will ever be molested after drinking too much.  So, go ahead, ladies...  drink until you pass out around your male friends.  Nothing bad will happen.  Trust me....

A Tragic situation that could have been entirely avoided. First, who supplied the alcohol to these teens? Second, where was the adult supervision? Third, why didn't the victims so-called friends look out for her and come to her aid. Fourth, why did the parents of this girl not know her where abouts? Fifth, who's home were they in and where was the owner? The list goes on!!!What is very troubling is what was in the hearts of these teens, those who perpetrated these vicious crimes, and those who knew, and those who stood by and watched and did nothing!!! Then afterwards regarding friends, players, coaches, the parents trying to cover-up, distort and lie regarding their own self interests. Now you Mike DeWine who is already making political hay out of this very tragic situation!!! All involved need to take some time and really look deep within themselves and resolve to be a better and more compassionate human being.

Don't you ever touch another drop of beer doctor.

The two football players said the coach knew about what happened and "took care of it." Really? Please find out exactly how he did that? I am sure the victim's family would like to know as well.

I am not defending those boys by any streach of the imagination, But why aould any parents allow a 16 year old girl to go across state lines and get blind drunk. They maynot have seen her do the things she was doing but they had 16 years to raise her to live right. The Bible says to "train up a child in the ways they should go and when they are old they will not depart from it." Some one sure failed tis child.

C'mon people did you ever stop to think, "hey maybe the homeowners were not there and didn't even know about the party"... I will almost guarantee the coach knew about the wrong doings and think it is only fair that he needs to go to prison to find out what rape is like. Then maybe next time he won't decide to keep quiet about something so disturbing

Take em all down! Damn rapists!Include Mike McVey, the superintendent, as a main cover-u. His cowardly and questionable stance, that the district needs to wait until the investigation is over. Why wait, McVey? What reason in hell do you need to wait, to issue a response? The coaches and your school district will still cover up for your jocks. Just when will you declare the "investigation" to be over, McVey. Your district needs an honest superintendent and non-jock coaches.

That pic above looks like a scene from Saturday Night Live.

take the football program away for a couple years

I am just shocked that Obama had time to comment on the Trevon case of stand your ground in Florida, but have not heard him say a peep on this case.

These things (rape, child molestation, etc) are covered up all the time on the collegiate level, is anyone surprised this happened at a state championship winning high school?

Sports and religion  ...stay away from!!!!!!

I cannot wait to see opposing teams "chants" and "signs" come next fall.

High school sports really sounds like this town has been watching to much Hollywood TV.. If the coach did what they say he should pay for it.. maybe lose his job fire the school board along with all the teacher that think this was cool. Sorry you lose when your special little students thing there above the law..

Quote from the creepy guy in the movie, When A Stranger Calls, ...."Have you checked the children?" :0

How about the alcohol? I used to drink and did things I'd never do sober, (but I never raped anyone)... It changes the person..Mean while this lil' floosy and her parents have just inked a 6 figure deal with the LMN channel.

This is why CHILDREN have no business in a ADULT ARENA.  Now look at all the DOMINOES come falling down.  God is a God of ORDER. Adults need to keep themselves IN ORDER. Just so we ARE ALL CLEAR- WITH ALL DECISIONS, CONSEQUENCES WILL FOLLOW.With the TRUTH, we can all learn something.  So sad that it came with calateral.

This is not varsity blues anymore people, you will go to prison and mre

THE COACH IS A BIG PUCK&lt;

i knew that from the beginning, he is just as guilty as the ones i hope he goes to jail he should br let go from coaching, PUNK

kids like this ruin high school parties

27 coaches for a HS program? Guarantee that the school struggles academically, but hey let's hire more coaches...who can cover up for rapists.

The whole town should be locked up , parents and children they are all a bunch of animals .

Check out the stupid smirks on the faces of the prosecutors. Not to mention the AG who looks like he just got his 15 minutes of fame but forgot where he put them.

sounds like football is a little too important.in this little town..........time for the u.s.of a  to realize itGood for the AG!

What I want to know is what kind of idiot would host this kind of party. Can't fix stupid.

The City Manager is paying lip service to something that has been proven not to be true - meanwhile two other girls are threatening a rape victim for being raped.  Good old mid-Western American values at work, am I right?

Hi, welcom to Stuebenville, home of pathetic football monsters and Traci Lords

Everyone is guilty. The rapists, the parents, the coaches, even the girl for going at a party and drinking underage. Last time i checked, drinking at age 16 was ILLEGAL as well, just like rape is.The only person who is not guilty is probably the guy who filmed it all. Why? Because if he didnt film it, this would never had happened, and no one would know about the rape. So kinda in a way, he screwed his friends over and himself. -2 points for being stupid and filming a crime

I guess you can say that the only "good" thing that is coming out of all of this is the national attention which may have parents changing the way they are raising their kids and start wondering where they are when they aren't around. The AG needs to continue pressing into the investigation and punish those that have broken any laws.  It shouldnt end with the 2 teenage boys.

Attorneys in Ohio are salivating; this story will go on and on and on...

We are Anonymous. We are Legion. We do not forgive. We do not forget. Steubenville rapiest's-- Expect us!

God hates rapist an rape enablers

Guess jigs will be jigs1st make them stay there til 21, 2nd arrest the coach and the home owners today, 3rd dismantle the sports at that high school 4th burn anyone and everyone involved even if it means arresting the entire school staff and every teen that was at the party  time to make a statement

Obviously, an investigation needs to happen.  One of the children indicated his belief that the coach was going to attempt to do something.  If found guilty, there should be accountability and consequences.

I think Steubenville and Ohio need to build a bigger jail. A lot of folks are going to be using it real soon.

Will they target the store that sold alcohol to miners or the girl for drinking underage? I believe it was said that she had a history of drinking so it's not like someone spiked her drink or forcibly made her get drunk. If everybody is going to get punished then let EVERYBODY get punished.

The parents of the raped girl should sue the school and the responsible adults into oblivian.  The coach and the other adults who let this happen are the real criminals here.

Didn't DeWine say he was closing the case because there was no evidence of wrongdoing (that could be proved) by anyone else (including the dude who took the picture that led to this)?  Now, all of a sudden, he's not going to rest until he gets to the bottom of this.  Can anybody say political witch hunt?  I thoughtcha could...This is what happens when sports gets more important than an education.  You start out with rape and end up as OJ."It's unclear what would happen with the schools programs if coaches were charged. (?)"  Since this would show a total lack of control by all of the adults (up to and including the school board) that I think the whole program should be shut down for...oh-h-h-h-hh-h...20 or 30 years.

Take them ALL DOWN!!!!!!!!

all the thumbs down are probably from the people who live in steubenville!

they are wrong for what they did to this girl but just to clear up when they said she was dead...if you know anything about slang people use dead as a term if they are high or drunk...kinda like saying she was wasted....they should still be ashamed of themselves...

Parent who host lose the most right? I think they should charge anyone who had knowledge of this terrible act on a young girl.I certainly don't mean to condone any of the acts that were committed at that party, but if the girl had been my daughter, I would have wanted to know what in the hell she was doing at that party to start with. It is was an inappropriate place for boys or girls to be at. Gatherings like that always, always, end up wrong. And as far as the coaches go, I believe that coaches, like Drill Sergeants, should be examples of moral rectitude, not sleaze. My teenage son quit high school football by his own choice when he got tired of the filthy jokes, the sleaze, and the language. He talked to the coach who told him not to bring it up again. He is on the swim team now. Those coaches teach good principles for life to their kids. What an amazing attitude difference.

This is like a Lifetime movie!!!

let the witch hunt begin....look at that lowlife AG, WHAT A POS!

"It's unclear what could happen to the school's sports programs if coaches were charged." Really now, does it matter?  A culture of persmissiveness among the families, coaches, businesses - the entire town - gave these football players unchecked reality star status. I can only hope the crimes, in this case, pay off in a constructive way.

I wonder if this is an isolated Steubenville football incident, or has this been going on every football season?     ......   ???   get 'em atty gen!!

The lady to the left of the picture...Is it me or does she look like she had a few drinks before the press conference? LOL! I'm just saying she has a weird smirk on her face. But as far as the Coach and his staff, their coaching careers are done. Have to agree with Mike H and Micheal.

What a shameful group people!  They have raised and protected depraved teenagers.  It is clearly not limited to the football team.

This is a town full of Outlaws and make it up as you go!

No one followed procedures in this case!

They need to call the parents on both sides !They need to call the prosecutor the Judge and the home owners nothing in this case was done right !

Sound like #$%$ case! Nothing done right prosecutor son was involved but got immunity!

Don't lie when you seen the prosecuter face you bust out laughing !

and people though that football in the south was king.......as a former player I can say that kind of #$%$ would not go on at the school I went to......the coach would have beat our #$%$ and then call the police......and our patents  would  have told the police to lock us up and then throw away the key

There are 27 coaches for this high school team?

The coach should be charged if he knew about it, but I don't know about the host.

Didn't the prosecutor do the same thing in the Jodi Foster movie when she got raped at that bar?  Prosecuted the onlookers and the ones who egged it on and did nothing.  I forget the name, but you got to stop it before there is another victim(s).

This is THE norm in THE State of Ohio where a former QB at THE O.S. had to move to Nashville to live in peace! The principle at the school should be fired for gross stupidity and tried as an accomplice to rape along with all the coaches and family members who knew and covered it up. Do THE right thing THE State of Ohio.

who's pointing fingers?

It's not only High School, this happens at Colleges and Professionals alike they cover everything.  Example is Penn State.  There should be a cleanup of ALL High Schools, Colleges, and especially Professionals of all their garbage, and trash. Parents are to blame for most of it, then schools, they coverup and condon all this. Women and girls exploit themselves and they want respect?  Get real.  Just what is wrong with society that they are more like animals everyday?Enough is enough no need to go on a witch hunt

Did someone stick a finger up that woman's #$%$?

the coach knew of the events and did nothing?  He took care of it?   I thought Joe Paterno was deceased?  is this a story about penn state or Stuebenville oh?  I see more indictments on the way.....

And while you're at AG-go after the mayor and the police chief as well for any possible cover up. Put all of those responsible on the sex offenders registry for life, and ban the football team for ever competing for the next 5 years.

This High School should NOT be permitted to pay football again.  Where are the parents?  Like parents like children.  The coaches should not be permitted to coach in the state of Ohio ever again.  Just what kind of people are they in this town in Ohio?  Are they all low life?

Ah yes, THE Ohio State Suckeye behavior has successfully filtered down to the HS level.  Is thereno moral compass in Ohio?  That's a pretty light sentence the boys received for a sex offense.

Why dont you just throw everyone in jail..Blame it on all...Oh and the parents too for not knowing where their daughter was....oh and the grand parents for having the parents...

Something fresh about the case. About time they write about who was in charge of all this #$%$. So sick of the articles about the boys in the girl crying about suffering the consequences of poor actions.

Why hasnt the   girl been charged with under age drinking

put them all in jail and shut down this immoral football team for five years.....let them get their priorities straightDeath Penalty, eliminate football in that town for at least 5 years..  Bring in the rainbow coalition.

School needs to be closed now. All adults involved jail including parents. If the family of the boys are being ripped apart maybe his parents should have told him to keep it in his pants, Till that happens(which it wont...golden boy syndrome). Sue the parents into the poor house. Sue the school into the ground. Ship the kids to a real school where academics are the priority not the sports. Don't care criminals are criminals, regardless of their gender.(keep on harrassing girls what goes around comes around)

I feel bad for the young lady i hope she gets the counceling she needs and hopefuly her parents will move her away for a fresh start shell never feel safe in steubenvile

Dewine should crawl into a hole and die. A worthless career politician he is. He has done nothing for the good of Ohio. The whole country knows he is a fool.

really poor writing, folks.  the boys weren't just "charged."  they've now been convicted.  once you're convicted, the lingo is supposed to change from 'charged' or 'accused' to CONVICT.  forevermore.

Mike Dewine,late to the party as usual!!

The lady on the left of the top photo looks like a ratard...

It's all funny till someone gets raped and pimped around on utube.

I'd like to know where the parents were in all of this. They are just as responsible for what happened and are as accountable as the kids are. Stupid is as stupid does.

Fire the the Coach,and disband the football team..Good Mr. DeWine nice start no cast out the net and see how many more of these people should be chared for thing in this story because the city prosacutor didn't finish the job she was suppose to do and sent letters to witnesses because she said they wouldnt be charged if they testified against these boys and the judge giving immunity to the witnesses too that should be investigated too you do this in the name of putting 2 boys in jail but the rest walks free that doesn't sound right to me when there should have been more charged and put on trial they are just as guilty for not doing a danm thing

Throw everyone involved in jail. Forever. Case Closed. No wait, if we do that then my tax dollars will feed them forever. ...ok just shoot em all in the face. Done.

those child rapists should have their throats slashed

"Go home and go to bed by 11pm?"  If the Coach gave those orders.. or 'off the team'.. how many would be out partying all night?  Yeah, thats a hard one.. eh Coaches? Parents? Where were the parents when it was 1,2,3,4 am and their Teen, wasnt home? Parents ARE responsible, at least to some degree to show some morals to their children.  Authority figures..Coaches.. etc. have the same responsibility to built their students into decent people.

This is been something that was bound to happen due to the social and moral decay of our country. Social media has desensitized our youth. Most of there interaction has been through the computer or texting this inables humans to react to emotions that you see or hear from another person when a conversation is face to face instead of fingers to fingers. They feel they can say anything on a computer or smart phone because there is no consequence to it. If you see someone tearing up you know you have said or done something to hurt their feelings ......if they send a emodicon with a sad face they tend to just shut the computer off or not reply. They no longer know the social ques and now we are seeing it in cases like this.We have over sexualized our youth with music videos and ads protraying sexy youth. Look at our infant clothing with animal print and lace and saying's like 'diva in training'I feel for all these kids. God be with them all as they try and all put the pieces of their lives back together.

If I had a son, he would look like Ma'lik.Regards,Obama

About time the state of ohio took control of this situation,,,and bring all of these people to justice,,,coach,and others who refused to testify,and look into the local law dept in that town also and hold them accountable for trying to cover it up.

Well, I don't know about the coach, it's up to the investigators to determine whether he was in fact aware of what happened, but from day one of this mess I have wondered about where the owners of the house where everything took place were. I assumed it belonged to the parents of a student, and if so it makes what happened there that much more disgusting, but regardless of who it is, they are adults who seemingly did nothing to stop a bunch of underage kids from getting drunk and ultimately committing rape inside their home. Where were they? Why didn't they stop it?

"At this time, we believe it is important to allow the legal process to play out in court before we as a school district make any decisions or take action against any of the individuals involved with this case."Since when do schools require a criminal conviction before meting out punishments to students? 6-yr-olds get suspended for making their finger look like a gun and pointing it at someone, and you're going to tell me you can't suspend or expel kids for their atrocious behavior in not helping during the attack or texting and forwarding videos after the attack? Waiting before firing the coaches I can understand, but why aren't a slew of kids in that school being disciplined?

Nothing new when it comes to football and football players.   Rape, underage drinking, drugs, bullying.   nothing new.    Also nothing new.. the coaches covering it all up, saying  "Don't worry, you guys.  Its just rape.  I did it when I was young.  This will blow over.  Trust me."THIS IS NOT JUST A SAD INCIDENT BUT MORE OF THE SYMPTOM OF OUR SOCIETY.  And its not new... this kind of thing happened since football became BIG $$$.Just cross over into Steeler Country and Big Ben Rothlis-raper! The morons there idolize that p.o.s. so of course it would seem okay. He walked away scott free. #$%$ football in Northern Ohio.

just let those heathans in ohio kill each other

As I agree with everyone,that all involved should be punished.Coaches ..etc.But I also think,That the girls parents have some questions to answer,She is 16,and out drinking.(not her first time).As a single parent myself,I know it's a hard task,But you need to put your childs welfarefirst.Your job,your life.The whole situation is just horrible.The real crime happened before the girleven left her own house.Lets all keep this in mind when your child says ( I'm going out mom)....

"you tore my family apart" your brother ruined someone's life #$%$

This is the first time I am reading that the Coach was the host of the party and no doubt the one that obtained the alcohol. As for the parents it stands to reason if your child is going to the Coaches house for a party you would think.... He is an adult, a person of authority at the school and would not expect that he would be serving alcohol to minors. This is despicable and makes even more sense why the Coaches and the School Officials broke the law and did not report the rape to the authorities as is in fact required by law. Why are they only "considering" charges against this man? He should have already been charged as an accessory to rape, failure to report, contributing to the delinquency of minors, child endangerment and a host of other felonies. These crimes were committed in his home! This is despicable. Not to say that it wouldn't or couldn't have happened somewhere else but this idiot provided an environment for these crimes to take place as if he almost encouraged it.This just sickens me. No wonder the football players in Steubenville have for years been getting away with this sort of behavior, the Coaches have been enabling it. Obviously the investigators and prosecutors have known this from the beginning, what are they waiting for? Is it going to take another media storm for them to get off their behinds and bring charges?  I am flabbergasted!!!!!!!

oh - and the coach too...

The witch hunt continues. There is no satisfying the feminazis.

Why are they crying ?

One and two years in prison, why not 10 yrs.   Change law to punish them !

#$%$ drama is all this is!!when does the girl in this situation get charged with underage drinking?

Sounds like the witchhut begins now, so some politician and gain a few votes.  I would think there are more important issues in the whole state of Ohio, but maybe not.

DeWine is just another pathetic Ohio (R) politician grandstanding and trying to get political mileage out of this sad story.  He got booted from his comfy Congressional seat so now he's trying to make up for it as AG.If ANYONE was serious about this case and its underlying problem, every single kid who was involved would be prosecuted for underage drinking.  It's ridiculous that they are all being given a "pass" on this, and that includes the victim as well as the defendants.  Without the alcohol none of this may have ever happened.  People pass off alcohol abuse as no big deal, meanwhile they go apesh!t over other drugs like marijuana.  ALCOHOL IS THE #1 ABUSED DRUG BY FAR.

They found the punished the guilty (although its more a slap on the wrist) but now they are going to turn this into a witch hunt.

what ever happen to the law of curfew. when ever I came in late as a teenger I was in bad trouble. now days they let their kids drink.

darnet! so no sausage fests for the meantime coach?

Let them ALL go to jail and may the other inmates go in dry!

"Ohio AG could target football coach, host of party"COULD?

Thank god, go Ohio AG!!  You saw it and did nothing?  This is quite simular to Penn State and even the Catholic Church.  It will be nice to see this coach go down, good coaches win games.  Losers cover up rapes.

Thank god, go Ohio AG!!  You saw it and did nothing?  This is quite simular to Penn State and even the Catholic Church.  It will be nice to see this coach go down, good coaches win games.  Losers cover up rapes.COULD?  SHOULD!

Well, I don't know about the coach, it's up to the investigators to determine whether he was in fact aware of what happened, but from day one of this mess I have wondered about where the owners of the house where everything took place were. I assumed it belonged to the parents of a student, and if so it makes what happened there that much more disgusting, but regardless of who it is, they are adults who seemingly did nothing to stop a bunch of underage kids from getting drunk and ultimately committing rape inside their home. Where were they? Why didn't they stop it?

While I was slightly disappointed that the two only got 1 and two years for despicable actions, it was good to read GUILTY. Now for the rest of the town... GO GET EM!! Ohio AG. AT the least the owners of the houses where the parties were deserve prison time too. The coach cover up something like this when he is BOUND BY LAW to report criminal actions against children deserves similar consequences. Good to read the (I think this is a proper term to describe them) dumb bitches harrasing the victim need a free trip to Clillicothe too. Its about time that some out of control people got to reap the consequnces of their actions.

COULD?  SHOULD!

Nothing new when it comes to football and football players.   Rape, underage drinking, drugs, bullying.   nothing new.    Also nothing new.. the coaches covering it all up, saying  "Don't worry, you guys.  Its just rape.  I did it when I was young.  This will blow over.  Trust me."THIS IS NOT JUST A SAD INCIDENT BUT MORE OF THE SYMPTOM OF OUR SOCIETY.  And its not new... this kind of thing happened since football became BIG $$$.

this show ain't over by a long shot! stay tuned for more disturbing and disgusting behavior by other stubenville peeps!

It's not the coach's responsibility to babysit these kids after school. It just seems they may have a witch hunt going on after what happened with Sandusky which cannot be fair to the coach in this situation.

the school officials also knew,,but are not going to do a thing,until the cops arrest everybody involved,,then they're gonna decide which ship to jump on,,,wait and see,when the coaches get arrested,,they will quickly fire him and leave him hung up to dry and fry....and claim  good riddence,,

1 or 2 years? And then they may be free!? That's the worst part of the crime!!! Get those selfish idiot monsters off the street forever!!!!!

What I find infuriating is that Mays and Richmond only cried after the guilty verdict was read. Anyone with a quarter of the brain mass their mother gave'em knows truly for whom those tears were shed. Disgusting."The video, passed around widely online, depicted a student joking about the attack. "She is so raped right now," the boy says."Why don't they name this student by name? "Michael Nodianos" is the little creeps name.  I bet none of the punks in the video are laughing it up now.The victim deserves better than this, real justice must be served, all that were involved need to pay the price for participating and covering up this crime.

Where were the girl’s parents, how this is possible she goes to the party and gets drunk, and no control over 16 years girl, if she is my daughter I would of call of hundred times to see on what is going before she gets drunk, it was her behavior prompted these stupid boys to act irresponsibly,This is sad parties at 16 with no supervision of adults permitted; at that age no one has head on the shoulders to realize the consequences

I believe about at least one-half of the "adults" in that town belong in jail.  That's some culture and set of moral values they've created and nurtured.

27 coaches!  Holy cow!  Guess I know where all the money for education is going.

Do these little rape apes look like the sons Obama never had too?

They don't know it, but the majority of people are not intelligent enough to be burdened with the responsibility of having their every thought and action out there for all the world to see. This so-called "social media" is going to be the downfall of many people who are too self-absorbed to see the downside of it.However, in this case, I am glad so much was put out via Twitter because otherwise, everyone would likely have gotten away with their crimes in a case of he-said-she-said. My thoughts go out to the victim along with kudos to the prosecutor.

With those glasses he couldn't target an eye chart from 5 feet away

i willingbetb et he will not be coaching next fall

Thank you Anonymous for posting up Cody Saltsman Video.

There is a difference between Rape and Molestation and both are very Humiliating to maleor female. Our education system ,( Nation Wide) and parents have Failed to teach propercontrol of sexual behavior . My queston is How can you teach what you dont Know????im loving this...its a long time coming....thing is this happens all over america.......i hope they all get what they deserve.....id personally like to thank the group anonymous for stepping in...i hope it helps your group grow...we need more peopke to help out in these small communities where this stuff happens all the time.....now stupidville will known as the home of dean martin and the stupidville rapist team......hope your football team falls apart..coaches and police dept and boosters should all be investigated.....

Makes you wonder with their total disregard if they are use to covering up and or not reporting such behavior. Hopefully this is the only incident that needed to be reported.It sounds like once again society is saying breaking the law is a cool thing so the victem and her family may well have to move to start life a new.

I really hate to get political here, but I think this situation will be a perfect test to see if DeWine was only elected to block Obamacare, or if he's gonna be as tough as an AG needs to be in a case like this...if he doesn't carry through on the investigation, or loses interest at some point, then he only ran to put Ohio in the "no Obamacare" lawsuit...

If its not the crimes against women done by football maggots, its basketball or baseball maggots,.IN California it was the De Anza JC baseball teem that got away with a rape !

Simply put...the city of Steubenville, the High School, and the Football team cannot be allowed to survive this controversy intact...just having fans chant "Rapists" at them at road games is not gonna make them change...this needs to be handled as if this happened at a college...

"Football is important in Steubenville, but I think overall if you looked at the community in and of itself, it's the education process, the moral fiber of our community, and the heritage of our community, that is even more important,"But clearly not to the original legal team, which included the mother of one of the defendants, who told the victim not to press charges.It was the social media and anon that brought attention to this. And until everyone is held accountable, it should not end with these two boys.

Mike H almost every football coach from a winning program.

What I would like to know is when the girl is going to be removed from her home and her parents charged? They are as guilty as the rest of them.

I am so happy for the fairness on this case, bravo to the Judge &amp; authorities, I hope other States will be like Ohio...my prayer are for the victim...

I think that some of the posters , mostly female, are so angry about this crime are taking it way too personal, because they may have been raped or know somebody that has been raped. It's not logical to want to make these boys to suffer because you are still angry at the person who raped you. This was stupid and criminal, and has been punished.Let's put Trent and Malik in a cell with Jerry Sandusky.

Most corrupt town in the country

I have long thought that supplying all teens with smart phones was a rather silly indulgence.  Now I'm glad that a lot of kids at the party had them!

Google "localleaks.me/localleaks/​steubenvillefiles"  A very interesting story if it is true.

I suspect many will fall after the investigations .. and to be honest .I'm eager to see it happen . Local Gov.s and politics have long been corrupt but to allow such behavior for any reason is beyond belief.

Wonder what those two dumb as$holes are smiling at.

This toxic sports culture exists all accross the country,especially in smaller communities.Anybody involved should be punished,especially adults.

I have one great thing to say about steubenville, ohio. Dean martin came from there!

This is why, when I was a kid (through high school) my parents did not let me go to a friend's house unless Mom or Dad was there!

iTS ABOUT TIME!!!!Before you all become no more than a bunch of vigilantes, let's wait for the State investigation to run it's course. Sound reasonable?

this isn't the first girl

Nothing about this case was done right! No one tested the blood toxicology levels of all ! No DNA from all of the Boys! People do pass out while having sex ! All of the hackers should have been arrested all of those who possessed photos of these children should been arrested! All of the teens had been drinking and the conflict of interest is that the proscution son was one of the teens who got immunity!send that to the D.A.

This girl's story about being drugged, to me with krap I glance at about date rape drugs MUST BE taken seriously! I grew up late 60s - early 70s and had a wild side. I only remember waking up 2ce very, very, drunk, due to booze other things weren't invented yet! The coaches, parents, and all other roaches should get time. Old saying, "When you step in **it your shoes smell" at least wash them idiots!

What's with the smirk on that ladies face in the photo? also the guy in the middle has a Sh%t eatin grin, que pasa? bet they think they're about to make a boat load of money!!!

This sounds more like it revolves around football than a crime...

First of all, if any "adult" had knowledge of this rape and did not report it, he or she should be in jail, now! But I must point out that the student said, " coach would take care of it" to another person, which is basically heresy.  Secondly, I wonder about these "self-righteous" politically appointed District Attorneys and their motives in cases like this one. They smell blood in the water and to make political hay out this tragedy.

Look at the 3 government buttt kisssers in that photo.Government types are always pretending to be important... but when you see them in photographs, they are ALWAYS huddling together in a group shot because they want to stand around doing nothing with their hands in their pockets and getting paid to get their stupid, goofy faces into the media stories.

An accessory after the fact is someone who knows that a crime has occurred but nonetheless helps to conceal it. Today, this action is often termed obstructing justice or harboring a fugitive

"The alcohol was making her act differently than she normally would while drunk. She said she was interested in Mays, and followed him to another party because she trusted him."While this does not excuse the actions of the boys, it raises questions on the responsibility of the parents in letting it get to this. I wouldn't let my 16 year old daughter go to a party unless I met the parents directly and knew she had a safe place to stay with other girls and in turn met those parents as well.A lot of accountability is to be had, the parents of these boys who allowed the party to go on at their homes and any adult who sold alcohol to these boys aided and abetted their crime.this what i think .... they know what's up what a joke! what happend to moral's !!!!! evrey-body know's what happend they should all go down for this! coaches.parent's .kid's ! but no that woin't happen! the will jst keep on letting kid's get away with what ever they want too!

there is no way I can comment and be "politically correct", but someone needs  to stop being the follower and accepting the leadership of the new  " non-moral fiber culture"  of the progressive.

What is with the expression on that lady's face above? Did she just fart?

Bye bye stupidville football. Coach new about it. Time to put the Playbook online even the game plan on how to rape a drunk girl...now the town will have to find something else to hang hat on do they have a baseball team.

And the World Trade Center investigation ? And some Penn State that finally , finally,was uncovered.

There is always some big macho stud hairy chested coach who is throwing a party for his big macho etc. team.  They are rude pigs, generally,unless they have changed greatly since I was a high school teacher.  The thing that just happened in Penn. State is but one version of this mentality.  The nation is crawling around looking for pennies, but you can bet your sweet patootie that the last thing to be cut will be the sports programs, long after the math, science, social science, English, and Foreign language programs go down the drain.  I have no pity for these creeps.  They deserve to have the book thrown at them or to be hung by their nuts in the public square.  And then people ask, what has happened to today's youth?  They can't read, write, know anything about their history, add, multiply etc.  Duh!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If the Coach hosted the party where drugs and alcohol were present then hell yea, nail his butt to the wall, it's called contributing to the delinquency of a minor. Also is this the type of people we want coaching our children, (employed by our school districts) those who sponsor underage drinking and adverse actions and sexual assault. Maybe the school board should be also held accountable

It's about time! Why did it take so long to go after the adults that enabled these kids?

I think all adults who condoned this type of behavior should be jailed.

On a side note these comments about religion solving things are stupid beyond belief.  Have we already forgotten about the mess the Catholic Church just paid billions of dollars to clean up?  Humans have a sex drive built into their very being.  Denying that is not the answer.  How about teaching our kids self respect and respect to their peers.  You don't need religion to do that.If any case should result in a disbanding of their high school athletics it is this one.  Gross misconduct from the students all the way to the school super.  Sadly the school probably lives off of the revenue made at football games so nothing will happen.

Another coach covering for his "boys of fall". This behavior may rally your team, but it also creates an ego problem. They thought coach was going to get them out of it.

Wow, Mike DeWine sure has aged.

the town of 18000 has a coaching staff of 27 and they covered this up you know all of them knew something of this fire them and the school board

it's about time...

I'm sure there are a lot more guilty parties involved that are being protected

sure am glad I don't live there............massive coverup !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Welcome to Stupidville

The broad on the left looks like a complete air head.

I'm sure Baron Von Steuben is rolling in his grave!politics are the same everywhere ... now whoever the AG is will use this caseand attendant publicity to further his career ...  not condoning whatever happenedbut wonder how many other young lives will be caught up in the meat grinder .??.would be nice for somebody to take a long look at the bigger picture .. andfor the names of all the juveniles to have stayed confidential ... were reasons thelaw in ohio did require that ... while we're talking about the law

If your going to punish the #$%$ for enjoying sex with the boys and then crying rape, GOOD, but don't publish it on the internet, just do it.

MANY more people should be in trouble for this, including the home owners, the girl's parents and the girl herself for underage drinking.  She admitted under oath that she was so drunk she couldn't remember what happened.  What these boys did was very wrong, but there are many more people at fault, at least partially.

How about the Doctors who delivered these two football players? And what about the corporations who provided food to feed these demons? We must leave no stone unturned!!!

I don't condone the boys behaviour, but it's my understanding they used their fingers and didn't really perform a sexual act.  This is wrong but hardly the same thing as a real rape.  A female shouldn't go to party and get that drunk.  And when girls wear those kind of short shorts are the just advertising that they ar loose? Again the boys should be charged, but these are valid questions.  Too many females are teases.

Is this becoming a Salem witchhunt?  Is this girl a pure virgin, who's act of underage drinking and other actions are being ignored?  What of her background?  Has she a history of this type of conduct at parties.  Is this just for political correctness? Uh....?  Is this really justice?  It just seems to be taking on a strange direction.  Is the Attorney General and Prosecutors decisions being influenced by the media limelight?  Uh...?  I don't know.

Girls need to understand that if they drink they will likely be sexually assaulted.The coaches should be fired and not be entrusted again with the welfare of young people.

WOW, all involved should be punished,EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM, and when it is overPlease Paste all there names for all to see, EYE 4an EYE!

what rape?....according to testimony at trial, she went there with the intent of having sex. She achieved her objective...so what rape?

That young girl and her parents are at fault also.  It was stated that she was drunk often at parties..  Where were her parents and what parent lets a 16 year old stay out all night? When she came home drunk, what did they do? The boys were wrong but so was the girl.  She was told to stop drinking and not to go with the boys.  She did anyway.  They are kids and kids do dumb things.  I think the sentence was to harsh.  The boys should have been given 2 years probation, community service.and off the football team.  The girl should have to attend AA for a year and a year of community service.  I think the judge was wrong .Those idiot prosecutors preen in front of the camera as though they're doing something useful. A year in prison might change their smug attitude.

and before you maggots get too excited about this girls loss of innocence , I didnt hear anyone , havent read anything to suggest that this 16 year old drunk girl lost her virginity to those mean digital raping boys.

They usually vote democrap in that state.

Then they should also go after the neighbors for not calling in the noise complaints and under aged suspicious looking minors screaming at the top of their lungs listening to Justin Bieber and making Beavis and Butthead jokes all night long. Then they should go after the cops for not patrolling the neighborhood where there was this party. I mean where the F does it end? You can't blame everyone. Oh wait, yes you can....blame it on Obama next. That's a pretty logical step, you can always blame him. The AG is getting a little ahead of himself and has a big head it seems like.

If Obama had a son he would look just like the one rapist.

Burn steubenville to the ground!!!!! Drown the football team!!!!!!! Send the #$%$ to rehab!!!!!! F   u   c   k  steubenville and everyone that lives there!!!

It's unclear what could happen to the school's sports programs if coaches were charged. Sanctions against teams or programs typically involve violations of rules related to playing, such as improper recruiting of student-athletes or playing ineligible athletes, said Tim Stried, spokesman for the Ohio High School Athletic Association.... How bout rape, underage drinking, staying out all night and making jokes about the crime you commited. Perhaps your pogram should be shut down!

Oh, gimme a break! You can't rape the willing.

Wait one second, "Mays and Ma'Lik Richmond were charged with penetrating the West Virginia girl with their fingers, first in the back seat of a moving car after a mostly underage drinking party on Aug. 11, and then in the basement of a house."  So they fingered a drunk girl of the same age???  Did I read something wrong?  Am I missing soemthing?  Please tell me there's more to this story.

Live by the finger, Die by the finger....The girl wanted to get boned, it wasn't rape.. She was playing dead and love it.. She only filed charges because the kids that boned her didn't last long that 2 minutes... She prolly wanted 2 blacks guys and was #$%$ she only got one  lol

. Underage girls drinking and having this happen is really a big problem. She made a stupid choice and these animals took advantage of her because of their lack of respect.  Where were her parents? How come she woke the next morning and the police were not looking for her because she did not return home at night?

Burn the whole city to the ground .

Sounds like this town has a prescription drug problem. The only way to make this right is to sue Glaxo-Smith Kline and Pfizer, and maybe their internet provider.

Good idea.  just send the entire community to the had chamber.

Fuuuuuck, the coach knew what happened? I'm confused...who's house was it? DAMN THEM ALL TO HELL! Jesus.......

Hope those 2 boys saw American Me and know what is in store for them.

How does the public not hold the girl accountable for anything what if a boy passed out and girls rapped him would this still make headlines

Politics! That is all this is and will be.

It is time to get the crucifixions started.  We got the two boys.   Let's move on to the 15 year old drunk girl's parent(s) and not stop until we have ruined the lives of all involved.  Make sure we get the gas attendant who sold the gas in the cars the kids were driving.  We can then salt the earth so nothing can live or thrive again in Steubenville.Dumb ho can't handle her liquor ....now blames everyone else for being a lush skank.

Too harsh of a punishment.  All they did was finger bang a drunk chick.

for football practice,maybe they should paint naked girls on the tackling dummies ?

Girls who go out to party and drink are viewed and treated as ho's. It may not be fair but it's the truth. Girls please keep this in mind and respect yourself more. Making yourself trash isn't actually fun =( Try to stay classy and stay away from loosers who drink and do drugs. Alcohol should be illegal look at the links between, alcohol and crimes, fights, diseases, deaths, abortions, the list goes on and on. However I guess everyone over looks it because they like to be trash. They allow this, yet don't allow pot?? Stupid ass America, know wonder the country is going down the drain. Then again, it always was, we are just now having the technology around to make it well advertised. Please wake and learn people. Stay away from alcohol and those who drink.

Dumb ho can't handle her liquor ....now blames everyone else for being a lush.

The girls parents should be charged to.I bet they knew their daughter was aboozer and probably gave her booze at home.The girl needs help or she will be walking the streets of Cleveland each night. I hurt for her because she has had no direction from her parents and it is not her fault if she was given a date rape drug. All the parties involved from the coaches to the hosts should be jailed.

social media helping us get idiots off the street one moronic post at a time. Not to mention what an idiot move of the coach to text anything regarding this situation. The show "dumbest criminals" has to be overloaded these days.Punish the coaches and parents that knew. Leave the students alone and the football team. Dont punish those innocents. Besides do you want 50 male kids with nothing to do?

How many lives are going to be ruined because that ho couldn't handle her liquor, keep her clothes on and legs closed?

This over-reaching prosecution reminds me of the Jerry Sandusky case at Penn State - blame a bunch of people who had nothing to do with what happened. It's how Joe Paterno got thrown under the bus.

how about  ben rapistberger of the pittsburgh stealers  he still has a job.. guess what he did  was ok then,,I want to be raped with fingers!

when i grew up, girls couldn't go out until they were 18 unless it was a double date and couldn't go out at all unless you were 16 and with a group. now parents just let them do as tyhey may and wonder why they turn out to be trashy ho''s.

I think Paul Newman is from Stuebenville.

OHIO, These are the same MORONS who help elect that other Presidential MORON!!

Fire the football coach and all other faculty members who particpated in any discussion whatsoever about the incident without reporting to police.  They are complicit of cover-up by default.  And sue the school system that employed those faculty members for $100 million.  The insurance company will settle out of court in a heart beat for at least $25 million.  The coach and faculty members have a higher standard of trust that was not adhered to.  And sue the parents of the home where the party took place.  And prosecute every kid who sent any pictures across social media.  Wake up America.  Time for some real justice!

the coach is #$%$, i hope and pray to god for the death of these vile heathens, those two bright football stars cried like babys over a year in juvie, hugging their daddys, why cry tough footballers, you talked smack about how you raped, now you wanna apoulogize, i hope the juive you go to has tv, and gs waiting to f u up for being lil punks, and as for the coach i hope to god, he dies slowly, he knew, he knew, they all knew, vile hick back water town full of godless toads, football a bunch of men in tights chasing a ball patting eachothers butts, grow up you idiots, crybaby basterds

I just hope the football team is able to overcome this incident and win some more championships!!!!   Yee haw!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Does anyone really care what happens in Ohio? Someone please explain how 99% of these news stories effect my life. Thanks.

Smells, feels, reads a lot like the incident with the Duke LaCrosse team and the DA in NC!!!Many unanswered questions.  Is it possible these boys were so intoxicated they didn't comprehend.  Betcha she too was doing plently of groping.  Who supplied the booze?  Isn't it against the law for 16 year olds to be in possession of alcohol??  Using the media to publish dumb things is a terrible failure of the young these days...does that make the crime any more viral?  Is ' digital penetration' worth more penalty than 'penal penetration'??  Is it fair for one person to pass judgement on this event and the entire town??  Seems like to me a hell of a lot needs to be scoped out.  Is all this worth the lives of two young men 'cause they did somthing stupid???  Does this girl have a reputation of taking on all comers?  (Have to personally wonder if she is the lily-white young lady that momma depicts!!!).   Where was momma that allows her 16 year old to be out all night????Many, many, many stones need to be turned over here before we just get into a feeding frenzy overthese two young men!!!!!!

Look at that dimple pussed hermorphadite with the goony expression! This is the problem in the law! There's an influx of Misandric, ugly butch, GERMAN / JEWISH wo=MEN, as a result, MEN are being framed for rapes, that never happened! This  case is NO execption! This accusser, probably GERMAN, or JEW,The whole football program deserves the "death penalty", SMU style.

Leave the coach alone he knew when everyone else did!

Is she going to be charged with under age drinking this whole this is a joke

kiss your winning future football seasons goodbuy.  the new penn state

Since when is a good old fashion finger bangin rape?

The man and woman to the left of the state's attorney seem to be trying to stifle smiles and chuckles. What on earth is amusing about this story?

Stupidville! look at them. in this case the adults are at fault the kids are only mirroring after the adults action in stupidville I know this is not the first time this has happen the adults have to  face the fact that they let this get out of hand long before this and a lot more is going on in this town. These children think they can get away with this because there is no leadership there and they have been allow to for so long . Now the adults are pointing the finger hacking into minor accounts  breaking the law  to ease and take it off their conscience after the fact.  Where was all that concern before this happen don't you people keep track of your youth and see who is at what party or event? my child couldn't  go to a party or an event without adult supervision . Its a lot more being covered up that will come out of this in the chinese snake year ! 2013  As for you that are trying to make a name for yourself by exploiting this whole issue your just as guilty!

Arrest them all.

WHO will teach proper behavior to these Adolescent in jail ?????????????

lmao hell yeah lets put the whole town in jail because some kid decided she wanted to get drunk.Who is the hot babe on the left?

It has been reported that the rapest will be released on week ends to play in the football games. How is that for two boys found guilty of rape. They get to play football.

hang em', high!!!

This is awesome.

Lesbian witchunt, all because of a #$%$!

The 2 boys would have gotten more time and probably tried as an adult if the prime perp who did all the video tapping was another Black teen instead of White.

Where's Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton cry for justice for the victim in this?  Is this another example of Barack Hussein Obama's sons?  If Barack Hussein Obama had sons, they would be like Mays and Richmond.  Where's the outrage from the so call black leaders and communities?  Are the so call black leaders and communities a bunch of hypocrites?

good. lots of blame to go around, including the mother of the girl.

Look at that HOMELY dimple pussed dike, with the goony face! Is her name Michael? Thanks to lesbians in the laws, fe=MALES who LIE about rape, get away with it! The laws are FIXED around the accusser!

The vitim does not count - but lets do it for the teamThe man and woman to the left of the state's attorney seem to be trying to stifle smiles and chuckles. What on earth is amusing about this story?

Thank god, go Ohio AG!!  You saw it and did nothing?  This is quite simular to Penn State and even the Catholic Church.  It will be nice to see this coach go down, good coaches win games.  Losers cover up rapes.

Every think of reporting some positives once in awhile?  These things are awful, but there is so much good in this country too.

I gotta go to jail to f***!

Look at this dimple pussed dike! Is her name michael? This is why men and boys are being framed for rapes that never happened! The lesbians are FIXING the laws around non credible accussers!

why doesn't ohio target that 16 year old and her behavior?

I'm confused here.  Did they rape her, or penetrate her with their fingers?  The story says: "Mays and Ma'Lik Richmond were charged with penetrating the West Virginia girl with their fingers, first in the back seat of a moving car after a mostly underage drinking party on Aug. 11, and then in the basement of a house.Mays, 17, and Richmond, 16, were sentenced to at least a year in juvenile prison for the rapes."I don't mean to sound insensitive, as this never should have happened in the first place, and I have complete sympathy for the victim.  I just don't understand how they could be found guilty of rape when they assaulted her, they didn't have intercourse with her.  this sounds more like a sexual assault than a rape, among the other charges concerning the pictures.Please don't misunderstand the question.  These boys should have been held accountable for what they did, and punished.  I am merely wondering how they raped her if they never had intercourse with her.  Or am I misunderstanding something?

Was the female victim pretty and clean shaven..??...:)

I hope I'm not comming off as a jerk, but I don't really think they can go after the coach just on hear say.  Meaning they are investigating whether or not the coach heard any rumors flying around about this whole ordeal.  I'm sorry but these kids today do nothing but gossip which leads to a story being blown out of portion.  The investigators of course will need to prove the coach heard the gossip going around.

Witch huntThe coach should not be fired he should be SHOT just  as the other 2 players!!!!!!!!! Once a rapist always a rapist.

maybe they should go after the mom for being a bad mother for letting her lil ho go out and play #$%$ for a nite.

or WORSE, both GERMAN, and JEW!

she is dead now, the colored kid is right. any white girl who was screwed, or even touched by colored ,is a no no to any white, successful, well to do ,smart, educated white guy. sorry toots. next time pick a better  and whiter party. mr dewine you look like a peewee also. there .just to prove i am not racist .i think guy looks awful . weak and morose. for the colored reading this, that means peekid, better yet in eubonics , not worthy a ride in my ride a trip to my crib  bro., also!!

I hate rape but I hate double standard more!

Shouldnt she be charged with curfew violation and under age drinking? Might as well throw her in jail too hahahahaha

Witchunt! all over a #$%$!

These children are victims of our society's mentality. We are a morally bankrupt people that bow to materialism as our God. The only thing that matters is endless consumption and egotistical greed. These kids made a mistake and I hope they ask God for forgiveness and mercy.

Let's do the math. One drunk out of control teeny bopper minus any parental control. Plus two high school jocks, minus any parental control. Plus copious amonts of alcohol. Add a heapin and helpful dose of media on steroids equals insanity!

So many saints on Yahoo seems like everyone would have done the right thing but these guys???The 2 football players in Steubenville need Raped themselves, then murdered. The #$%$ that was too drunk should be sent to rehab and then put on witness protection or she should just cut her throat open too. Tie up both sets of the 2 boys parents, to semi truck cabs and have them drive opposite ways, Burn down the steubenville high school down and quarantine all of steubenville creating the first rapist zombie apocalypse. but for real kill those two star football players.

WV HO? WILL BE GIVEN IT UP IN STATE NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

ONLY THE BLACK KID IS INNOCENT!

Boys just being boys