Why is Dell going up? Isn't everyone going to get stuck with the $13.65 stock buy-out price?

Apple is borrowing $100 billion from banks to go on acquisition spree, to buy back their own shares, to increase their dividend to one of the largest growth stocks out there

Bill miller says aapl way too cheap for earnings they produce

Is the Yahoo spam checker off today?

Pennystockchief dotcom (Dot means .), is a complete site with regards to the in-depth newsletter it provides for FB stock

Vippennystocksite dotcom (Dot means .), is a site I came across, while I was surfing the net and found their report to be very specific and helpful with regard to BBRY stock, secondly it is free :)

Vippennystocksite dotcom (Dot means .), it is a wonderful place for researchers and investors interested in understanding and mastering the working of BBRY stock

BlackBerry Z10 chosen by German Government!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!How come we don't hear about this all over the front pages.We only hear about US companies supporting there own!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!What a trend, First Home Depot, second US mall, third US government, fourth Yahoo, and fifth Netdick. Don't correct my spelling!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

BBRY market makers are jerks

Blackberry is sure to fail. Its BB10 is a disaster. In time, Blackberry will go bankrupt and fogotten, perhaps in 2 to 5 years' time.BBRY I gonna be $22 in ten days buy many as you can to make much $

Staples is getting rid of almost 1/3 of all their store managers.  Trying to do some sort of deal with Amazon in the near future.

Lazaridis, who invented the BlackBerry device itself, held 29.9 million shares as of Dec. 31, according to a separate filing yesterday. That was an increase of about 200,000 shares from the end of the third quarter, and gives him a stake of 5.7 percent in the company.

Standing ovation?

just my luck that i buy stock thats very popular, and the next day the price drops and im back to living on the streets

I still find it difficult to believe that companies like FaceBook and Twitter, who really produce nothing and serve no real meaningful function other than marketing and the collection of data for more marketing, have such "value". We humans always like to comment on weird things in the world. Nothing weirder than us!

The MOST active AND successful STOCK in ALL the markets.. is "Smoke and Mirrors Inc" and their symbol is = BLKRP (bull karrap).Same thing for the US congress.,,. president, FEDERAL reserve, Supreme Snort, etc,  BLKRP.

The government plans to crash it along with lots more banks and the world economy very soon and since 85% of all stocks are owned by the wealthiest citizens you will know when they all start to pull out that they have been the ones manipulating the stock markets, banks and the take down of the middle class worldwide all along.

It's not so easy to make money in the stock market. If it were, everybody would be rich.

Why would anyone invest in Facebook? It is not a tangible product like Coke or GM. Best advice is to invest is tangible products like Warren Buffet.All technology companies! Nice

what the most insider traded stock now that would be worth knowing!!!!!

I know some people who thought  Apple was a steal a $700 . Ha ha

At age 66- My husband can only invest 33% of his money in stocks; then it is best to let it sit for ten years.

Vippennystocksite Dotcom (Dot means .), provides a great newsletter, which is exceptional for BBRY stock because of the wonderful insight provided

Oddly enough, I have been buying stocks in companies that produce marijuana and other plant growing equipment in the form of grow tents, hydroponics and photo-optic lamps. Legal in 2 states and the amount of revenue is estimated in the several billions per year and growing rapidly. Wait until more states join.

This is nothing but a new bubble. when this one pops, it will make the last one pale in comparison. Between the fed govt. and the people on wall st. this next crash may plunge us into a real and devastating recession. As long as the govt. continues to use a printing press to solve economic proplems we will continue to draw closer to disaster.

Stock just isn't something I want to get into now just wait till they all crash..ha ha what a joke...

I remember when Enron was one of the most active traded "stock".

I just knew it, after the  hardest of  Economical  years  the United  states States is crawling out of it s recession. the best parrt for  us  nattive  5real USA citizens is  just what  they  are doing  in Europe where I  am  curently  placeed byy USA goveernmeent  is kick the filling  theeir pockets Eurropians  out  of  us HOLY country  , and  restore with  all  of us together  The  States  for  as good as i  goes and  comes.so many people cant buy stocks in new york because nearly all the residents in nyc has the flu.......montana doesnt have the flu like new york,new jersey and washington d.c. does right now.

Invest in mining, copper, gold, silver, etc and sit back and wait for the increase and splits...

Sirus is a victim to the i-apps.

Fox News Sucks.

Puerto Ricans are free!!!!!

I don't know how to live without your loveI was born to make you happyCuz your the only one within my heartI was born to make you happyAlways and forever you and meThat's the way our life should beI don't know how to live without your loveI was born to make you happy

FB at 26, 25, 24, 23, 22, 21, 20, 19,...worthless. Worthless. You couldn't run fast enough. Abandon ship, give up hope. It was crushed.IF FB only made quality computers and phones that tons of people buy it might've had a glimmer of hope....

With the loss of hope in BB10, Rim's spine will be shattered into unrepairable pieces.

Sell on Rim news will open the floodgate to the Rimm share price -&gt; $6.It took 3 months of hype to build Rimm up to $18.12, but it would only take days for Rimm to free fall into single digits, as Rim blows its cash, and traders trade in their Rimm shares, and investors stampeding for the fire exit.

Dell is doing the Nokia route!What will you find at the bottom of the sea?A - ChtuluB - Secret Jew HeadquartersC - Moon StudiosD - Your mom

you're not getting my bud light, Nasdaq.

Abortion

RIMMs new BB10 will obliterate the competition.That is why Apples share price has been tanking. M2M is coming, and order for this to be successful, OS platforms will need to be 100% secure. If you are not secure, you are out.

Every time I look at the stock market I feel like I am looking at a madhouse. As a customer I find absolutely no peers to Apple. I own all the Apple offerings, and if I am correct, Apple customers are well off, educated, and rarely gamble or buy stocks. Apple customers live happy enlightened life enjoying the heightened quality of life Apple offerings give. Apple's culture is cool, caring and loving, not aggressive and greedy. Competitive as in good sport innovation? Yes, but never the daredevil kind nor the greedy bean counter beady eyed investors or traders.Rim customers on the other hand are the total opposite to Apple. Most Blackberry users are hyperactive greedy mean people like day traders and the forever sweaty investors who are forever drowning in a sea of money. They stink of money yet they are almost never the richest kind like Rockefeller or JP Getty. I look at things this way, Rockefeller and Getty would most likely use iPhone and iPad enjoying life instead of those sweaty, grimy, and filthy Blackberrys. Who would use Blackberrys anyway? People are ashamed to be seen with Blackberrys, that's why everybody is trying to look like the iPhone. BB10 is another try like a lowly accountant trying to be Rockefeller or Getty. Not gonna happen.

Is this all legal?  Institutions stop buying a stock just to let the price fall.  Then buy periodically to get a good price ahead of earnings.

APPLE IS A GREAT BUY @ 505.00

Major execution error forcing Rim's last few clients to run through those haphazard Blackberry 10 just a few short weeks before release. This is just like exam cram and with Rim's long history of failures, Rim is not gonna pass. Rim will fail again big time, very big time.

Ditch Rimm.

Apple's corporate performances are a zillion times better than Rim's. If even Apple is suffering then I cannot imagine how much worse Rim is going to be...At some point, Seeking Alpha and Motley Fool will realise that the Areniac army writers are abusing their free platforms. Maybe as their credibility continues to suffer, they will realize that they are being used much like the Areniacs are by a certain group.I'm sure if they don't see it, the SEC does so ......

Rim's latest pump of its stock allows all the Rim insiders and option holders to fatten their coffers prior to Rim going down in flames crashing into oblivion. How can the investors be such blind sheep? Rim jobbers never learn.

Is it legal to allow known pumpers to use pretend news platforms such as SA and MF to pump their positions? Flagboy at Seeking Alpo produces at least 2 per week with impunity. Anyone questioning his motives or his obviuos rippoffs of previous articles is either banished or their posts are removed. Meanwhile the Areniac army is allowed to post their lying BS at will.Someone at AP should investigate just how this useless drug and stock (ARNA) managed toclimb to where it did.

The Mayan catastrophe may be over for the rest of the world but for Rim it is coming on the 31st of this month when the BB10 will be released or suffer the third delay.

A huge surprise that RIMM is up? Why? Do you not see what RIMM is doing?Investors are starting to wake up and finally realized that analysts and the media have their own agenda when it comes to reporting on stocks. I have witnessed nothing but dumb trading on RIMM shares over the past year. RIMM shares SHOULD HAVE NEVER FALLEN BELOW BOOK VALUE (approximately $20.00/ share)Even now, 2 analysts have a target price of $5.00 which is less then what the company has in cash.9 other analyst has a target price of less then what the company has in cash plus inventory.If you ask me, they do not make much sense and should be investigated.I'm glad investors have finally realized that they are no longer going to be played by the media and corrupt analysts.With a product launch that is an industry game changer, the current share price should not be anything less then $38.00 per share.

Why does the largest capped company, AAPL, rise and fall over rumors and misguided analysts who really don't know.Only in America.

We all know that analysts and the media have been bashing RIM for the last couple of years. There are way too many misleading reports out there. This helps drive the stock down. Billions are made by doing this.So BB10 is almost here? But how can this be? One top analyst said that BB10 will not be available till July 2013. Another top analyst said that RIM will burn all their cash and will never see 2013. A third one said that they will be obsolete before their new OS is ready. Rocco from seeking alphabet said that buying Rim shares is like catching a falling knife. Another writer said that RIM shares will trade for under $1.00 per share comes 2013. A top analyst gave RIM a 10% chance of surviving. Recently he changed it to 20%. Will he say 30% when Rim shows BB10 phones on January 30th, then up it to 40% when carriers receive the product? He will be up to 50% when the phones go on sale, then 60% if they sell well, and finally 70% if they are a hit. By this time, the share price will be up to $80.00 and the shorts will be chasing it.How could all these people be so wrong? So very wrong.Do you get my point on how the Billions are made? They buy when the stock price is low, and sell it when it is high.

RIMMs new BB10 will obliterate the competition.That is why Apples share price has been tanking. M2M is coming, and order for this to be successful, OS platforms will need to be 100% secure. If you are not secure, you are out. List all the OS that are 100% secure starting with RIMM:1) RIMM2) End of List - There are no more.

Siri will be paying a dividend of  $00.20 per share for 2013 which is not bad.

The Samsung Note II is the most awesomely useful and alluring machine on the planet. Samsung Note II and its successors will rule as Samsung gives the Note longer lasting battery life. Samsung's handwriting software works flawlessly on the Note I &amp; II with concurrent multitasking apps side by side. Samsung Note would offer the world's most powerful, flexible and trustworthy security using active hand written signatures using the stylus, just the way we are signing cheques and documents today. Using the signature to generate random security keys is going to beat Rim's algorithmic security offering the government agencies and other institutions far superior and economic security than Rim's proprietary and expensive security. Rim is going to lose its enterprise businesses to Samsung, while Samsung's ultra-low cost sub-$30 well made QWERTY smartphones with cheap prepaid plans are already crushing Rim in all the emerging markets with utmost efficiency using the superior and free WhatsApp messaging system. Samsung will do to Rim what it did to Panasonic, and that is to knock Rim down and rip all of Rim's businesses.ad posted by yahoo and AP.no wonder both are almost broke,who would trust either one.

What are my chances of getting some money gambling on rimm? more importantly, will I lose my shirts gambling again?

GRO is suppose to be a billion dollar company yet goes no where but down now 72 cents why??? the markets are retarded. (GRO)

Come place your bets on Rimm, everybody else is throwing in their kitchen sink on this 'hot' stock.

By far the best stock for pure speculation is the Rimm stock. There is no better gambling stock in the world than Rimm. Bet your money on Rimm, if you are lucky you could win a lot of fast money. Rimm is a gold mine for speculative investors who are not afraid of taking big risks even if it is going against all the odds.

Even the mighty Apple is down, how long do you think Rim has to live? two quarters? three? not many left for Rim.

so fb, dell and amzn (with a pe of 2500) are all up but Apple is down? lol...ok "smart investors"...wow

Big pump and dump of Rimm shares is a sign of Rim's exasperation, and desperation. Rim has its back into the wall as its stock price is artificially propped up by 33% cash. Ditching Rimm shares and offerings is a sure upcoming event, Rimm will be nothing more than a piggybank consisted entirely of cash, this is why Rim fired nearly half its staff since 2008 and spending next to zero in R&amp;D and marketing. Rim is setting itself up as a piggyback, trying to avoid becoming a pennystock. Rim is the oddest company the world has ever seen, only in Canada, I guess.

Question: Which one of these iTard Analysts called the move in RIMM form $6.23 to $12?Answer: None of them.Do you know why? Because they are members of the “AAPL Distortion Field” and are incapable of seeing RIMM for what it is – a company that has gone through a complete transition of it’s operating system which will cause a serious threat to Android and iOS.Smart investors are staying away from analysts telling you why Apple is “cool” and looking down the road to seeing why BB 10 will be “mobile industry changing”.Enter BB 10 …..

It's time to buy AAPL, not sell it. 11 Analysys upgrades the past 4 daysYou should read this profileCopy and Paste this to your browser -  y.ahoo.it/cp+sp

who here has CLWR and at what price would you sell?

Look at who sits on RIM's board. The only thing they are good at; starting rumors like licensing BB10 to Samsung. When asked about this in the past. Samsung said they were not interested in RIM and had no such plans...  it's sad, the only thing RIM has going; manufacturing rumors. This company is going out of business. They make crummy phones of interest to the uninformed third world parts of the planet.

I have 9 and 10 bagged SIRI in the past... Cashed in and and bought 2 homes. I'm up 700% on this ride so far and it is only the beginning of the rise of the Phoenix "Broadcasting from on Top of the World"... These Billiion Dollars Babies Mel K and Malone are the Kings of Media... Buckle up your chin straps and go all in if you need money to buy a home; paid for in Cash.

As usual, some dumb investors just over-reacted the Samsung CSR news when there is really no material effect to Broadcom's earnings in the next few years. Typical dump &amp; pump?

Woo hoo! I bought UVYX last Thursday @ $6.70 and sold at $9.06 today. What a country!

ARNA will take off when VVUS gets rejected or approved with major restrictions.

SIRI could ROCK  - They stream anything other then radio (Video,4G) its going to be nuts. They are the only ones up there and the most versatile and reliable source of any signal.

GO ARNA!!!!

I don't understand.   Why is the FB stock going down.   I mean, they have Farmville don;t they?SHOULD I BUY PLACE A BUY ORDER FOR FB AT 28.00

I bought SIRI at 19 cents.  I will  hold for a while.

ARNA  !!!!!

Micron Technologies, MU, is a great company. It's stock value will continue to grow. Great time to buy while it's still in the low 8's. they are on the leading edge of new technologies and their subsidiaries are doing well also.

sold out today no more sirius no way

Gaining in stock market is pretty simple...Do the reverse of wat Jim Cramer says.

Why does anyone bother to read or post here.  It's all a bunch of speculation and people trying to get you to buy, so they can sell or trying to get you to sell, so they can buy.  Losers.

MU CEO dies, stock up big time.  What gives?

siri feb. suprize way up

Micron Technologies, MU, is a great company.  It's stock value will continue to grow.  Great time to buy while it's still in the low 7"s.  they are on the leading edge of new technologies and their subsidiaries are doing well also.Sirius was a great buy.... 2 years ago

Sirius depends on one industry for almost all sales.  So as the car business goes so goes Sirius.  Once they set up a significant number of distribution channels from which to make instellation of a radio and servicea simple and fluid, all will be well. Look at the cellular business in the mid 90's..  Same number of customers and same amount of churn.   Today there are 200 million cellular customers. Not naive enough to think it will do the same but, that is a long way from the 20 subscribers in place today by Sirius TODAY

You guys need to buy Sirius stock.  Otherwise you will be kicking yourself later.  Trust me.  Today is December 1, 2011 and Sirius stock is $1.88 a share.  In the not too distant future you will be wishing that you could go back in time to now and buy a bunch of shares of Sirius at the cheap price of $1.88.  I'm trying to help you people here make money.  BUY SIRIUS!!!

I just picked up this stock today! Looking forward to the turn-around.

Sirius stock will tank next year when there is an accurate accounting of subscribers.  And for the millionth time, I'm not interested in 6 months for $50.

sirius one of the most traded, your shittin me

sirius 1 of themost active, come on now your pulling my leg...LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL

WOW..... I cant believe that, sirius MOST ACTIVE I got a FANTASTIC idea, why dont you post this everyday...........LOLOLOLOLOL

I hate it when the media calls Faceplant a tech stock.  Faceplant is a tech stock just as "Dancing with the Stars" is a sport.

zynga is a zinger. Go zynga.CREDIBILITY!!!that's all.where were the garbage of bloomberg chicks, mottled fools, street walkers i.e. jimmy creammy crammer, minnowville (what was that? minnows as bait?), standard and poor (sure is in the poor house when the governments worldwide done with the #$%$)!this one ANALYST gave a credible assessment of how business is going for BLACKBERRY.investors are not dumb. they saw the light and took the shorts from all those #$%$ mentioned above to the woodshed. IF YOU ARE STILL SHORT, MAY GOD HAVE MERCY ON YOUR SOULS LISTENING TO THE GARBAGE.And come the brokers where you have your margin account...oh well you have concentrated positions so we have to call you up for more cash even though your trades are ok'ed by us...scottrade, ameritrade,  anyone else? these #$%$ took the ride from crooks like mottled fools, jerking creaming cramer, whatwasthatville? and give you investors a hrd tima...just for their #$%$ own benefits!thinking seriously of getting to some better outfit for better operations!scottrade...go to hell.

hey yahoo...how about NOT referencing wall street journal articles beneath your stock quotes? the links to them are useless unless you have a paid wsj subscription. their right to charge but our right to say heck no!!!

PPHM will turn around

See this profile chartCopy and Paste this to your browser -  y.ahoo.it/cp+sp

You should read this profileCopy and Paste this to your browser - y.ahoo.it/ZFK1M

Apple is a great American Company.  To heck with Samsung Junk

2 page profile reportCopy and Paste this to your browser -  3x.si/3wg4

Buying the snot out of ZYNGA at this price !

I bought 3850 shares of sirius at .16 a share in 2009. Got into it with my girl and went against my gut to buy more. Thanks hun

when it comes to Apple we need to look to the long term. This week, we received some great news that reaffirmed Apple's forward prospects. First, the company reported that customers have downloaded over 40 billion apps—nearly half of which were downloaded last year alone. December brought a record-breaking two billion app downloads. To date, the App Store offers over 775,000 apps, which translates in additional revenue for Apple.But that's not all. According to market research firm Kantar, the iPhone commands more than half of the U.S. smartphone market for the first time ever. The iPhone now boasts 53.3% market share while Android's market share fell to 41.9%. Meanwhile, the Windows Phone has 2.7% market share while the Blackberry has a paltry 1.4% of the market.This is significant because the iPhone remains a strong growth driver for Apple—despite the regular upgrades, U.S. consumers still can't get enough of this premium smartphone. Some analysts forecast that Apple sold nearly 51 million iPhones last quarter, a 43% jump over the same quarter last year.  LOU NAVELLIERAeniacs speaking about illegal activities? Your kidding right?

I am still banking on sirius stock, how about you.

Rim lacks the firepower and resources to fight with the big boys. Rim will be swarmed under by Apple, Android, and Microsoft, whatever Rim can do, the big boys can do much better, the key is profitability, Rim has no chance to be profitable again, not even a chance.

Rimm is pumping up for the gigantic drops coming up following its September 27 anouncement. Big windfalls for the Rimm shorts ahead.

SIRIUS IS GOING DOWN FOR THE COUNT JUST AS SOON AS FORD GOES OUTA BUZNESS

Sacconaghi said he was maintaining his outperform rating and a $750 price target on the shares. That was because in the longer term, Apple offered “a compelling combination of attractive growth, reasonable price, and significant future option value.”He added that the company was also due for a dividend raise this year, another factor in its favor: “We believe that Apple’s announcement of a dividend in early 2012 was a significant catalyst for the stock, and that the company ought to consider raising its dividend this year, and potentially taking on debt to do so.”

Charlie Wolf with Needham &amp; Company said. "But in view of the fact that Mac sales held steady at around 520,000 units but overall PC sales declined by 265,000 units from 1.90 million to 1.64 million units, we believe the inescapable conclusion is that the iPad is beginning to cannibalize a material portion of PC sales in this market."

BlackBerry Z10 chosen by German governmentCraig Lloyd, Mar 4th 2013 Discuss [0]QuantcastMany government agencies and companies around the world may be ditching BlackBerry for iOS and Android, but the German government is thinking quite the contrary. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and other agencies in the country have been announced to be using the new BlackBerry Z10 as a daily driver because of its security features.28104961_kF6trB-1The deal was made between smartphone security firm Secusmart and the Procurement Office of the Ministry of the Interior and the Federal Office for Information Security for all smartphones for the German government just this week, and confirmed by SlashGear at CeBIT 2013. Of course, BlackBerry has been known to be a trusted platform for security, so it doesn’t surprise that companies and organizations still believe in it.28104961_kF6trB-2German government users will also be using BlackBerry Balance on their Z10 devices. This will allow users to have the freedom they deserve when using their phones, such as browsing Facebook, Twitter, and RSS feeds, but the IT department will still have full control when it comes to top secret information on the mobile devices.28104961_kF6trB-3While independent reports this week have suggested that half of the staff are currently using Samsung Android devices, most likely the Galaxy S III or the Galaxy Note series, it’s been confirmed that 5,000 more government employees will be receiving the BlackBerry Z10. And since BlackBerry Balance will provide a personal life and work life balance on the devices, the intrigue should be up there for prospective users.28104961_kF6trBEDIT [via Chris Burns] : Again, we’ve had confirmation of this straight from the source at CeBIT 2013, where we’re also seeing the security technology therein being applied straight through the device’s microSD card slot. Wild stuff! Stay tuned for more information on how this is all being made possible in the very near future!