You dont have to be Catholic to like this guy........I like him......

I never could understand why people have this hatred for Jews. I am Roman Catholic and we are taught to love everyone. ( Although, it is often hard to do ) We are all equal in God's eyes. This hatred stuff is just plain stupid. If you have energy to burn, how about helping your neighbor or community and doing something useful

This seems to be one of the first times in recent memory that the established big guns in the Catholic church did the right thing.  Couldn't be happier with the guy they chose and hopefully he lives for at least 10 years to fix some of the problems in the Church.

As Rodney King once said, "CAN'T WE JUST ALL GET ALONG?"

Where does Yahoo get its info? This is not the first non European Pope in history. He may be the first non European in about 1000 years but history goes back a lot longer than 1000 yrs. There have been Popes from Syria, Africa and Jerusalem. Check your facts Karl Ritter.

Can someone here post and explain to me what purpose the Pope serves? Not trying to be flippant, just don't see it.

It would be nice, if the pope, and the catholic church would reach out to people in jails/prisons. There are millions of people in prisons throughtout the world. The U.S.A., has hundreds of thousands, of non-violent American citizens, in jails/prisons, all over the country.Unless you speak 'spanish', they refuse to send a priest to see you. I know this to be 'true'. I asked for a priest to visit someone I know, who is in jail. All they were interested in, was, if the person could speak spanish. I was also told. They didn't have time.

Correction to the above article:  He is NOT the "first non European pope."He is the "first non European pope in 600 years."

I think this guy is off to a great start. John Paul II was a very good pope. But Benedict XVI was a weak leader. I'm glad they found a new pope that seems to be more people oriented. Sometimes all the education these guys have can make them seem a little detached from the masses. This is a guy that has a lot of humility. It's nice to see. I'm in my 50's and only recently have started going back to church, but with some resentment towards Rome. I think forgiveness and healing is a two way street. It seems like this is a Pope that may understand that concept. The church has a lot of cleaning up to do. I think a lot of us are ready to move forward, but only after we are satisfied that the church has really addressed some of its sins. I potentially foresee a period of great healing as a religious community. We really need leadership that is WITH us, not separated From us.

Anti-Semitic timeline - the early days:379 A.D.Vicious writing by St. John Chrysostom and St. Ambrose in Milan who said: "The Jews are the most worthless of all men. They are lecherous, greedy, rapacious. They are perfidious murderers of Christ. They worship the Devil. Their religion is a sickness. The Jews are the odious assassins of Christ and for killing God there is no expiation possible, no indulgence or pardon. Christians may never cease vengeance, and the Jew must live in servitude forever. God always hated the Jews. It is essential that all Christians hate them." He was called the Bishop with the Golden Tongue. St. Ambrose, Bishop of the Church offered to burn the synagogue himself.395 A.D.St. Gregory of Nyssa in sermons and writings characterized Jews as assassins of the Prophets, companions of the Devil, a race of vipers, a Sanhedrin of Demons, enemies of all that is beautiful, hogs and goats in their lewd grossness.415 A.D.Bishop Severus BURNED THE SYNAGOGUE IN THE VILLAGE OF MAGONA. BISHOP OFALEXANDRIA, ST. CYRIL EXPELLED JEWS FROM ALEXANDRIA AND GAVE THE MOB JEWISH PROPERTY.ACCUSATION of Ritual murder by the Jews during Purim. Christians confiscated synagogues in ANTIOCH.These were not hooligans but Church Fathers!AUGUSTINE, JEROME, AMBROSE AND LESSER SAINTS AS ST. CHRYSOSTROM AND CYRIL, added to untruths the new ones that Jews were dishonest and prone to sexual perversions.I think some of us have forgotten Jesus was a practicing Jew.  I never bought the "Jews killed Jesus" story - it was the Romans because he was a "threat" to the Empire.  Some people just don't feel complete unless they hate someone or something.  I feel sorry for them.

Pope Francis continues to endear himself to me. First, he took the name of a saint I absolutely love and now he affirms his love for Israel, another great love of mine. It is SO important for the leader of the Catholic Church to identify with Israel. Happy days!!!!

Apologize for centuries of persecution.Now.And make reparations.

This guy is really getting off on the right foot. I'm impressed.

...We talk to much..Love too little

What is wrong with these people? I think our new Pope is going to do wonderful things. Hard for you to see but this is a great man! Long live Pope Francis!

"Blessed is he that comes in the name of the Lord". Israel of today cannot expect to see Christs guidance or protection.....And Jesus said" Did not Moses give you the law, and YET none of you keepeth the law ? Why go ye about to kill me ? " ...John 7:19

Ban Pedophiles!

for what? they don't believe in your messiah! and according to them you are not gods chosen.

His concern seems more genuine since his predecessor used to belong to the Hitler Youth.The old testament was waaaaaaay more exciting to read in school. A creative mind came up with that stuff

Pope Francis is acting wisely in reaffirming reconciliation between the Catholic Church and the World's Jewish Community. Vatican II is now fifty years old and although it was the finest act of Jewish-Christian reconciliation in 1900 years, it needs to built upon. Eventual reconciliation programs between Jews and Muslims and Christians and Muslims ARE going to be controlled by the success or lack thereof of the current Vatican II process and needed follow up.

Why say Catholics hate Jews? Jesus was a Jew, He also was the "Son of God", so God must be a Jew also.Catholics celebrate everything about Jesus, his birth, his death, his resurrection , Catholics are more Jews then Jews it seems.

Will he be reaching out to the UK as well?  They're not too happy with all his Falklands trash talk in his previous life.

Boy don't the communist left just hate that.

To the new Pope;;;  If and when we are looking for a new religion; we will call you; do not call us ....  Shalom

Hang on to your wallets!

Yes, I believe Jesus also reached out to them...

I am Half Catholic and Half Jewish.  This is ALL Good news :)

Practially every priest on the planet has said in homily (sermon) to our adults and our children that Jews are out brothers and sisters. I have always seen it this way as a Catholic. While I was growing up, there was a huge Synagogue actross from our church. We were neighbors and friends but just worshipped differently.We did not see vast differences in each other.How in the world I cannot like the Jews if anything I worship and venerate is Jewish?My Lord ans Savior chose to be born a Jew.......My Celestial mother was a Jewess. I love and respect the Jews as my older brothers and sisters.

This is the best Pope of all time... and I am not big on religion.

I'm thinking I like this Pope.  Now, if we can just get the world to get their heads out of their...Armpits, and understand that a Church is the people, the ENTIRE congregation, and where bad things happen?  It is because good people were to lazy to watch what is going on.

It's good to see right off the bat that the new pope has the right priorities

The Pope's outreach is very positive.  Perhaps Jews can convince Israel to cease it brutal policies of occupation and religious apartheid against Catholics and other Christians in the West Bank.  This Pope may help Israel develop a conscience.

To be Christian, a person also has to believe the Jews because the produced the Old Testament.  So we are forever intertwined from a theological/historical standpoint.  We Chrisitians believe though that Jesus was the new Moses and the Messiah

Jews and Catholics now get along fine. They are not killing us, for which we are appreciative.

James, your mommy called me from the nut house and said she wants her computer back

I wonder what kind of relations he had with the Jewish community in Argentina, the largest in South America?

Is he reaching out to Americans? And others?This will bother a whole bunch of "good" Americans.

May the Jews also reach out to Pope Francis and Roman Catholics !

Tax all churches

He should more than reach out for what the Roman Catholics have done to the Jews over the centuries.... for no reason at all. Look at the Venice ghettos ...that is where the real term ghetto came from....

He reached out to the Jews on a Friday night?? Dude, you gotta work on your timing.

I am still confused why those who deny holocaust of Europe's askhenazi jews guilty of anti-semitism.  Every literature I look at,  from the Bible King James version to the lineage of Noah by Jews themselves, all describe European Jews  as totally non-semitic, having no relation to the 12 tribes of Israel.  Below is what I have gathers.  Very confused.Noah son: Japheth, Shem,. HamThe sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and TogarmahAshkenazi, are descendents of Ashkenaz.  Nothing to do wit the 12 tribes of Israel..................Son of shem: Eber or Heber (great-grandson of Shem)Terah (3 x great grandson of Eber)Abraham son of TerahIsaac (son of Abraham and Sarah)Jacob (called Israel and son of Isaac and father of the 12 tribes)

wee need stop calling peopel by they back ground , evey country suffer . as much as  russia in war two.80 million die .. wee need to care about human all human , no materter where you born or what religion you are. that why so importen the pope speak for peace. and are leader

Why do the popes have to use a different name? They aren't rock stars like "Madonna" or "Rihanna." Why couldn't he just be Pope Jorge?

it more like PROPAGANDA news .

I am very proud of the way we Catholics have reconciled with our elder brothers the Jewish people.Funny how the anti-semites come out at the slightest mention of Jews. Too bad guys - you had your chance at us, and we won. Now Popes and Presidents meet with us while you sit alone with your lite beer and Taco Bell. We laugh at you.

Excummunicate all in the Vatican and  all priests ,bishops,cardinals.Their very prayers are an abomination.

Oh yes, because Christians and Jews have ALWAYS been just like (crosses fingers to show unity) THAT.

Now maybe the Pope can reach out to the CHILD RAPISTS by sending them to COURTS and not ANOTHER PARISH or to hide in the VATICAN.You Catholics want us to forgive? Then pony up your Priests to the courts.

Why not reach our to the Jewish people? Catholics and Jewish people are excoriated by the American Press as is, we might as well unite as one against the biased press.

"strengthen the increasingly close ties between Catholics and Jews."Lighten up Francis...the muslims, by their very existence, are already doing that for you.

only atheist would believe that 6 million jews killed by a wild extermination by germans  . Christians would not tempt the rath of a Christian god , and a god would not turn over six million of gods chosen to Christians to be killed either makes no sense,if for other reason you don't except germans as Christians than youd be wrong.

ALL  pedophiles  PRIEST should be in JAIL.

How nice of the new Pope.  Well, this ''support'' would have been more valuable from 1939 to 1945.  Remember that Catholics?  When Rome stood by with out saying a word. How many Jews did Vatican City take in? ZERO.

Anyone hear about the pending law suit between a rapper in Oakland and Pope Benedict's new name after he resigned?  THAT is why I'm losing faith in America...HEY GUYS..... IT WAS'NT  US THAT PUSHED YOU'LL INTO THE OVENS. WE JUST GOT YOU THERE.

1.) The Cardinals were threatened with EXCOMMUNICATION if they revealed their inner election secrets.2.) Pedophiles are RARELY, if ever, excommunicated.Whats wrong with this picture?

I miss the Hitler Youth guy already.

Pope Francis wanted to tell the Jews to repent and convert to Christianity. If not, he might be forced to instruct all Catholics to treat Jews as Bishop Johannes Maria Gföllner of Linz described. Here is an excerpt:  Austria, declares that while the radical Antisemitism preached by Nazism is completely incompatible with Christianity, it is the right and duty of Catholics to fight and break the harmful influences of Jewry in all areas of modern cultural life.In case you had no idea, the Catholic Church is one of the most Antisemitic institutions on Earth, outside of radical Islam.

He is from Argentina. what do you expect? His first order of business should have been trying to make nice with wayward catholic's and yet he chose to appease folks that lied on catholic behavior during WWII, that led the multiple lawsuits. Not really feeling this guy

Serious question from a diest here: How can you honestly reach out to another religion for piece and prosperity when your religion preaches that anyone not in your religion is going to hell?

The Mission given to the Church by Christ himself was to go out and make disciples of all. How do you get someone to Convert by saying that all Religions are equal? We should always promote goodwill but never compromise our Faith.

take a deep breath all you ' holier than thouists ' -- jesus of nazareth &amp; his mother were both jewish ( maybe his dad was, too ??? ) -- put that in your holy water and stir it around  !!!

It says,"Like his predecessor, Pope Francis reached out to Rome's Jewish community at the very start of his pontificate, pledging to continue to strengthen the increasingly close ties between Catholics and Jews."How about reaching out to all other religions? Jewish religion is not the only religion in the world.

All that pomp and circumstance with his election and JESUS rode into town on a DONKEY.My, how far we've drifted.Viva Argentina....Viva Iran.....Viva Malvinas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Religion poisons everything.

He reaches out to Jews, because he wants to know how to make a good bowl of chicken noodle soup !

I hope he didn't reach out the hand that has the expensive ring on it.

Of course the last pope ratzinger  had no problem with jews,He got it out of his system when he was younger

non-European pope in history, ... actually, several popes were African, and others were from the Mideast, a part of SW Asia.  These mistakes of editing are one of the biggest problems in America, where few read any newspapers or watch TV News.  They rely on commentaries by thugs like Limbaugh, and the Beckmeister, who is a frequent "American N--A--Z--I Party's Man of the Year or idotic articles like the above.  God help us to READ!!!!  .

I hope the Pope's first order of buisness is to ferret out all the pedophilic priests and run them out of the church, rather than just relocating them to another parrish.  Islam condones child marriage to an adult man and the Roman church seems to not care about pedophiles running loose either in the church.  Organized religion needs to be turned around it seems to me. In many religions, the child becomes a victim.

Oy Veh ...... Chicken Soup on Fridays anyone?

...while Obama slaps them in the face...

my invisible god can beat up your invisible god."The social emancipation of the Jew is the emancipation of society from Judaism."-Karl Marx

Thats okay, nail our savior to a cross.... all is forgiven!

if he really wants to befriend the Jews, he will show them where the church shipped all the escaped #$%$ to in South America

If you wanna be a success in this world ya gotta kissa da Pope's ring.

Does he also reach out to homosexual Jews, or to Jewish women usingcontraceptives?

“If Gentiles refuse to live a life of inferiority, then this signals their rebellion and the unavoidable necessity of Jewish warfare against their very presence.”- Mordechai Nisan, Kivunim, official publication of the World Zionist Organization, August 1984

How about? "Pope Francis reaches out to gays."

John 14:6 "Jesus saith unto him: I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh to the Father (Yaweh), but through me."Roman Ritual, book 1, page 141 Ceremonies in Adult Baptism:If the candidate is a convert from Judaism:"...Abhor Jewish infidelity, renounce the false belief of the Hebrews."These Popes need to stop pandering to other religions. We as Catholics do not believe in bothering with such people. The Jews have been shown the Truth for 2000 years - we have no need to 'strengthen relations' with those who have no belief in Jesus, who spit on Christians when touring the holy land, and who continue to proclaim themselves the "chosen people" - The Jews need to come off their high horse, because when they rejected Christ, the made the choice to become anti-Christ. Those who do not accept Christ will burn in hell.

He had better reach out to the jews of Italy  they they own the Vatican

Jews don't believe Christ was the Redeemer and the Roman Church does!This ought to be interesting reading about what Faith and Beliefs come together!Don't worry about the Jews right now, Time to clean House First, you know the Pedophile's .

The Catholic Church has it's roots in Judaism.  The Torah is basically the Old Testament.  I don't see why there would be a problem between Catholics and Jews.

Why would the pope be interested in "building bridges" to other faiths?  Does he not believe that his faith is the One True Faith, and that all others are false, their followers doomed to spend eternity in Hell?  How can he have any agenda with them whatsoever, other than to convert them from their false doctrines and thereby save their souls?Anything less would be disingenuous.

Maybe one day we can all live in peace together and work with the planet's ecosystem for a true balance.  Sound familiar?  That was the Garden of Eden when there was no religion.  Not knocking religion but there's so much rhetoric, people forget that the basic principle is to love thy neighbor (that's all neighbors).

If you show me a Wandering Jew, I'll show you a Roamin' Catholic - Benny Hill

i cant wait to see what kind of pope-mobile he picks out...something flashy i bet

Paul took the religion OF the Nazarene, and made it a religion ABOUT the Nazarene.  They are NOT thew same!  How many commandments did the Good Carpenter quote?  Two.  Remember what they are?  1) He who has gold ... isn't THAT the Golden Rule?

christians...is part of judaism...an off shoot.

only idiot comments so far.

This is great example on how two groups of people who have evolved can get closer, embrace cordial ways, and forgive the crimes of the past. We'll have to wait another 500 years for Muslims to be at that level.Better watch out Pope Francis, it won't be long before they will be telling you how to run your church.

HIS EYES SAYS ..WANT TO DOING

He look more like pope that's all i can go by

The Jewish people were chosen by God, so all religions should honor them.

I thought this new pope was gonna be a friend of the poor.

Our president wont reach out to the Jews, he has to. Christians worldwide and the Church is under attack by the progressive movement. Obozo isnt a christian and he wants everybody to be like him and spead hate, and for people to be ashamed for being successful............

I though Pope Frank was Argentinian, but this is full on blarney!

Why does he need to do that? Are the jews going to convert to Catholicism?

The resurrection of JC will give Jews a 2nd chance to crucify him. Since they already take the heat for it anyway.

The Jews could learn a lot from this Pope.Doesn't a bullet proof pope mobile imply a certain lack of faith?

Awesome! Pray for the peace of Israel's capital city, Jerasulem! I will bless them that bless you!

Why Catholic Church always reaches out to others? How come other religions are not accepting Catholics and reaching out to them? hmmm

Why these snide remarks about a man who seeks reconciliation and mutual respect from other faiths?

be carefull, you will get your hand bitten off

Already this new Pope is showing great courage.The last Pope helped the nazi roundup the jews during WW11.This New Pope seems to be following the true treaching ofChrist, good for him..

"I warn you, gentlemen, if you do not exclude the Jews from the United States in the Constitution, in less than 200 years our descendants will be working in the fields to furnish substance while they will be in the counting house rubbing their hands"...spoken by Ben Franklin in 1787 to the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia.

Jews in Israel are always vandalizing churches and Christian property. Hah,

Sorry but Judaism and Catholicism have very little in common as the later is really ananthema to Judaism.

The Romans killed Jesus, arrested him, tried him, convicted him,  tortured  him and executed him. The Jews were under the rule of Romans at the time. Pilot said I wash my hands of this mans blood and you believe him?? The Roman guards did not dare approach Jesus in a Jewish crowd and had Judas point him out quietly. Then they came back at night to get him when there are few Jews to resist! This was not the will of the average Jew and their will had little consideration against roman authority and responsibility. Romans crucified Jews before Jesus and after Jesus. What you have been taught is complete BS , Basically blame the victims, The roman empire became the catholic church and reinterprets responsibility to blame Jews for its action of killing Jews. The mantra of "The Jews are the killers of Christ, the jews are the killers of Christ" has only recently been stopped in the church. As it is acknowledged to have  contribute to the actions of the Nazi’s ,who also signed a mural accord with the Catholic church..Yeah the last pope reached out to Jews and put them in concentration camps

Reaching out to Jews of Italy and Argentina is not the same as condoning Israel/Zionist racism. If Pope Francis does go to Israel he will not be bribed and history shows he will pay his own bills. He is an honorable man unlike Tim Dolan,the Nut-n'Yahoo stooge.

Keep the myth alive. It started with the Jews. Let's all pretend for another millennium.

The Holocau$t was the best thing to ever happen to the Juden.  Without it, most everyone would still (rightfully) loathe the hooked nose race that bankrupts every western nation it comes into contact with.  Now, however, they can just evoke the Holocau$t every possible moment.  "We murdered thousands of innocent Palestinian civilians last year?  It's our right!  Remember the Holocaust?  It will happen again if we don't kill innocent Muslims!"

"Sorry for the Holocaust and Eugenio Pacelli/Pope Pius XII actions that provided a de facto approval to Hitlers actions. Now LETS BE BUDDIES!"-His Popiness

It kills me that that so many Catholics want the Pope to be more "open minded" and "liberal" and "accepting" when it is THE easiest religion to belong to. Even pedophiles are allowed, so how easier do you people want it?

If he's not careful, these efforts will result in the Vatican becoming Israel's lap dog.  And don't think it can't happen -- every American knows differently.

Why isn't he reaching out to children abused by pervert priest?

Pope Francis reaches out to Jews-----------------------Shouldn't it be the other way around.

Jesus was a Jew wasn't he?Holy, why does the Pope feel that one of the first things he has to do as Pope is to reassure the Jews? Who the heck are they that everyone always feels they have to kiss their feet? Did the Pope send a letter to all the other faith groups in Rome? If yes, why is that not reported? Does the Pope need Jewish permission to enter the Holy Land? The Holy Land is not even Jewish, it's Palestinian land. Catholic Palestinians and other Palestinians would not expect the Pope to ask their permission for him to enter but would welcome him.

I think I'm going to puke another Pope sucking up to the Jews. I thought that was Obama and Clinton's job.

"Reaches out to Jews?"  He better count how many fingers he gets back!

He is going to give them free family passes to the Torquemada Inquisition Museum.

Lot of A(s)(s) kissing.

Speaking as a J and not a C. Francis the 1st could really be a good Pope if he can do the following actions.  1. Really purge out the whole scandal of pedifile priests. He needs to bring back the love respect for the church. Not respect that comes from just worshipping a person who is higher in rank than you, or fear of gods wrath sort of thing. You can't scare someone into respect. That is a lesson Francis I must have learned under The Pinochet hunta from '73-86.  2.The church needs to let it's followes know that the priest who baptizes you as a baby doesn't molest you as an adult and gets away with it because of seinority or cronyism. 3. Desroy the myth that Jews killed Jesus and come out and say Poncious Pilot the Roman General of Judea did which is the truth. 4. Passover and Easter are to be celebrated together as holiday's because as everyone know's Jesus's last supper was indeed a Passover Seder.

Can you imagine 114 Rabbis locked in a room and two-thirds of them agreeing on someone being their leader? They would be in their forever, each one voting for himself.

"open-mindedness"Meaning compromising Christianity.

was this pope in the hitler youth like the last old bag?

Good I, for one, am delighted that The Pope has reached out.Too bad, for us All, that so many hate, cannot (will not) forgive,&gt; is forgiveness not What the Word has been about all along?Love is its own reward, hate its own Punishment.Pslam 69:4 "Those who hate me with-out a cause are more than the hairs of my head" Those who would destroy me are powerful, What I did not steal, I than have to restore".A notable previous Pope also 'reached out' to the Jews."Follow me...to the gas chamber."- Pope Pius XII

"Pope Francis reaches out to Jews" - New Pope's pledge to Jews is admirable, but I wonder why he failed to show the same compassion to the stateless, homeless and long suffering Palestinians?  Not a very fair representation, is it?Very disappointing indeed.

Tomás de Torquemada also reached out to the Jewish people.

Reaching out to the Jewish communities of Italy and Argentina does not mean that Pope Francis condones Zionist Nut-n"Yahoos covert racism. Israel can not bribe the new pope. He pays his own bills and can't be bought like the Evil clown Cardinal Dolan. God Bless the US and God Bless the Pope.

The Jws have lost their minds.  This viper handed over his fellow Christians to the gallows the first chance he got.  He's a European.  They saw nothing wrong with feeding their Jws to the ovens in 1932, and this piece of work did the same thing in 1980's.  With all the appropriate "wasn't me's"  Just like his predecessor's garbage "they made me enlist", he has the souls of martyrs staining him.

"sorry for the crusades, sorry for burning and slaughtering the lot of you during the inquisition!  sorry for sticking you in getto's under the Papal States, sorry for secreting #$%$ out of Germany.

Okay, one big point to start.  Now who would think that this article would bring out so much anti Jew postings?  Denial of the Holocaust and simply outragious comments.  You people who think racism is not alive and well in this country need to check out these comments and all the ones about Obama on almost any story that are disgusting.  For all you haters out there try doing something with your lives so you do not have to feel better about yourselves by putting others down.  Meanwhile, remember, your president is half white.

Catholic Church = "Hey, sorry about sneaking all those #$%$ out of Europe after they slaughtered your people..cant we be friends now that Religion is beginning to die off around the world?"

Because his family killed so many during the war.

HAPPY EASTERthe 1st order of business the pope should handle is work something out w nike to make a lighter, more breathable frock.

Yahoo article comment sections really are fantastic in bringing out the ignorant and uneducated people of the world.

When a Pope reaches out for you, cover your privates.

"Reaching out to the Jews?"You mean, like, approving of the theft of their gold and cash during/after World War 2?

Exactly how many Jews died as the Catholic Church stoked the furnaces?

Pope to the Jews: "Be like us so you won't burn in hell"  .  Did ever occur to anyone  that because every religion insists they are right and everyone else is wrong that they are all wrong ?  Perhaps we consider every one is right and wrong to a certain degree and the Truth is in comprehensible.  After all....men wrote the bible.   Yes I know "it's the breathed word of God"....but who said it was ?  God.  But who said it was God ?  Men.  Circular argument

Well Considering that the Jesuits are Catholic Jews it does not surprise me. The Jesuit order is the money making order for the Church. I have never seen a Jesuit stationed to a parish and giver mass weekly were I live. The priest that give mass are always Marist and Dominican.

Christians love jews because they were exposed to one of the many jewish propaganda films put out by jewish controlled Hollywood when they were children.  The false images and emotional manipulation continue to override logic and reality and a true assessment of these fiscal criminals who control our governments.

We are asked to weep only for the Jews, and to ignore the many millions of actual victims of world terrorism in the past one hundred and fifty years, a chronicle of such horror that one scarcely can bear to put down this bloodstained record, not merely in fear that the world might put away its business in order to mourn these countless victims of international Communist terrorism, but that the tragic fate of these innocents, most of them women and children, is one of such pathos that one's heart could break from the full impact of its terrifying implications for everyone alive today.

Well it is a FACT that Jesus only read the Old Testament , and it was NOT considered the OLD Testament till the NEW Testament came along, 200 years AFTER Jesus left Earth as a mortal.There is not doubt that this is a very special men

Pope Benedict tried to save Christianity. He was NOT liberal enough to kiss up to gay marriage and abortions. That was His job!... Now let 's see what Francis will do.

Guess the Pope hasn't read Revelation 2:9.  "The synagogue of satan...."

Pop Quiz: Are the Palestinian Christians blessed or not???

Im fine with reaching out to Jews.....just STOP letting your Priests reach to the altar boys!

Wait until the Zioinsts will find for him some connections to the Hitler's Era.!and if  there is none .....they will fabricate one for him!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Did you see that Israeli video of a bikini-clad Israeli girl beating and whipping, then crucifying a screaming-in-agony monkey puppet who was deemed a Christian?That's what the Jews think of Catholics --  in private.

Judeo-christians, Judeo-Federal Reserve, Judeo-main stream media, Judeo-wall street, Judeo-marxists, Judeo-democracy, now Judeo-catholics. Soon Judeo-islam.But it's really all Judeo-satanism.

certainly glad to see, but catholics and jews arent the problem. its muuslims against everone else. lets see a IMAM from the middle east reach out to all people. pope is irrelevant anyway.

jesus chased away the thieving money changers from the temple and exposed the pharisees hypocricy. and now this pope wants to lead his flock-their money- right back into christ hating jewish hands.we are humble by the simplicity pope that despite what is happening in the church he is encouraging the faithful not to be pessimist.  sure pope Francis the God Abraham is with us

First pope to reach out to Jews to try and recruit some circumsized perverts.  Good for you, you pervy POS with a pointy hat and a Toga robe.

I thought he was going to tell them his family didn't escape from Germany to Argentina!

Why is everyone just supporting the Israelis jews and not the the poor and suppressed Palestinians????Why????? It's reverse discrimination......

They should get along well. They both wrote their own books about God and wrote down that they are the chosen ones

Someone needs to reach out to the jews...reach out, grab them, restrain them, ship them off to the concentration camps and stuff their sorry #$%$ #$%$ into the gas chambers for once and for all!Hitler had the right idea...just fell short of glory...unfortunately.

Only took him ONE DAY to start kissing Hebrew butts

I have here some authentic, one-of-a-kind Virgin Mary toe nail clippings if anyone is interested. They'll go great with your Jesus potato chip or Virgin Mary tortilla.

Of course he welomes him he IS ju den !

anti-pope ju den.The ON LY thing je ws want is you r Ch ildren s B l o- o d.950,000 missing chi ldren.Where are your chi ldren ???

The church created and fed the hatred toward the jews. They were blamed for everything....

I wonder if the Church of God will reach out to god's other children like the Palestinians!

I know another authority figure not to trust.

I am so pleased to read this article. One of the main reasons countries don't get along is because a difference in religious beliefs. In all religions, there is a Supreme Being, be it God, Jehovah, Allah, etc. Unless you are atheist, you believe in a Supreme Being, this makes us all the same and yet there are countries who kill over this difference, which does not exist. No one religion is better than another. We need to love &amp; respect one another &amp; peace will reign. Pope Francis is off to a great beginning.

If only people could understand that when you speak ill of someone you perpetuate hate and perpetuate what is wrong with the world.  There is no major religion that preaches hate - they all preach love thy neighbor.  It is when people take it upon themselves to reject religion or interpret it in ways meant only to serve themselves that our world sees evil.  You only need go as far as to compare the rantings or 'radical Muslim clerics' with real Muslim teachings to see.

He especially reaches out to young cicumsised men.

Great.  Reaching out to the people that insist on bankrupting every western nation they can.  The big bankers are almost all jewish.  No wonder our economies are flopping down the #$%$

I hope he apologized for his predecessor being a NAZI!

This is good news!  Catholics and Jews must always have dialog.    Look at New Orleans, for example we are majority Catholic.  We also have a large Jewish community!  Growing up I had Jewish friends.  I always wondered what protestants had against the Jews.  I mean Jews are God's chosen people and Jesus Himself was a Jew.  I've heard people say they killed our Lord!  If you think about that for a minute, they did us all a favor!  If Christ hadn't died for us where would we be?  We'd be w/o God's grace that's for sure!'Pope Francis reaches out to Jews'!!!   Well ,I hope they can run fast!!

The Holocaust is a cash cow for Jews and Israel. False sympathy for Jews has given Israel hundreds of billions of dollars from Germany and the US, and has provided large incomes to individual Jews who have capitalized on the Holocaust with their novels, 'memoirs', films, plays, speaking tours and the like. It may be truly said that the Holocaust is the golden calf on the gentile leg that the Jews have been pulling for more than 60 years.

yeah pope gay like francis thats why chose you to tie a knot between gay and jews

reach out to the Palestinians!

The new Pope obviously hasn't read Revelation 3:9.

Hot Cross Bagels?

come closer so i may kill you. die, die, die!!!!! hehehehehe

The only people he needs to reach out to are the victimized children. stop supporting this cult!

As Pope should reach out to all nations and religions. Expecially moslems to end their persecution of the Coptic and Orthodox  Churchs  who's historys date back to the time of Christ. The Coptic Church is believed to originated  by St.Mark and has many old biblical writting that can not be replaced.  If the words never again mean anything they should be applied here.

i like  this pope cause his name is francis. i always liked that name for man. you can call him frankie. i am of the jewish faith and never had children but if i had a boy i would of called him francis. i love that name for a man better than frances for a woman and i dont know why. lol this pope is going to be great and a great friend to us jewish people and israel. i really feel that.jews smell like muenster cheese

It seems the best way to get ignorant religious bigots and intolerant atheists to stop attacking the Catholic Church is to mention Jews.  Antisemitism is even more rabid than anti-Catholicism and even brings out the racists.  Well, Jesus kept bad company, too...

u people act like little kids with a new puppy!!!

It's time to realize how much good can be accomplished when people of all faiths unite for the common good. John Paul II was passionate about this cause, and hopefully this Pope will effectively continue in his footsteps.

wow!. .incredible! . . unbelievable!  francis actually was 'willing' to set-foot into a synagogue.How extraordinary!   If it wasn't for a nice Jewish carpenter from Galilee he would have to geta real job.  If it wasn't for all the contradictions of Hebrew Scriptures in christian dogmafrom 1500 years ago there never would have been a Vatican or Catholicism. I know it's alla charade and politics.

What is going to be the response of the stinking juzz when the Pope tells them that they have stolen land from the Palests?  What if the Pope disagrees with the jewish claim that all that land was given to them by god?  LOL.   They will then, as usual, claim the Pope is "anti semitic" and hates the stinking juzz.

If were a Jew, i would run like hell...the worst of all persecutions of the Jews was at the hands of this pedophile-organization known as the "Roman-Papacy". The reason used to justify the persecution? "They crucified Christ"! No doubt the evil, half-wits in the Vatican believed they were doing Christ a favour, and that Christ, sitting at the right-hand of Power, enjoying the slaughter. And believe me, no other earthly entity has persecuted and slaughtered  more Jews than this evil-incarnate, the Roman Papacy, just ask Hitler; by that i mean, research your history... Run Jews, RUN!!!!

They have emerged from one shattered nation after another, not as refugees, but as the final victors, bearing away their loot, and scurrying through ports which they have created and which they alone know how to follow, until they come to another host nation.With them they bring, like the medieval Bubonic Plagues, (an infection which they were accused of spreading), a terrible contamination, an infestation which quickly spreads through the new host country, and fells all who become its victims. This plague is world Communism, and its known carriers, the furry scavengers who have found their way through the sewers into every civilized place, are the international Jews.

Many countries in Europe, as well as Canada and Australia, have laws against denying the OJV (Orthodox Jewish Version of the Holocaust). There can be only one reason for these laws: Supporting a lie that is a cash cow for Jews, and preventing criticism of Jews. If the OJV were true, it would not need legislative support. Only lies need such support.

He is the black pope... the false prophet ... he is Peter the Roman. The 112TH pope is the last pope before the apocolypse. Nostradamus. Predicted it.Who have the jews ever reached out to?  We need to end this destructive, racist, genocidal, theocracy that is a parasite on humanity.  This tiny criminal tribe needs to be removed from any control over the financial sector.  They will destroy the world before they compromise.  The pope is an idiot.

Open mindedness..Unless you happen to be gay. He got heavily involved in Argentina politics to ban gay unions. How about we accept people as the are? What would Jesus do?

ok shut ther hell up you heebs. i'm the head jew now.

Pope Francis reaches out to Jews-WE NEED A BOOK KEEPER..

Jews for Jesus.

"The genius of the genetically evil Jews is to live off people, not off the land, nor off the production of commodities from raw materials, but off people. Let other people till the soil; the Jew, if he can, will live off the tiller. Let other people toil at trades and manufacture; the Jew will exploit the fruits of their work. That's his particular genius. If this genius be described as parasitic, the term would be justified."-Henry Ford, The International Jew:The World's Most Foremost Problem

The Secret HolocaustThe real holocaust was a Christian Holocaust by Jews of sixty-six million, mostly Christians.The devastation of civilization to date by the rapacious hordes of Godless Communism, as well as their planned annihilation of all non-Jewish societies and political organizations, began to ravage the world in the nineteenth century. It has resulted in incredible suffering and death for many millions of Christian victims in many parts of the world.Yet as these Christian victims lie in their graves, unmourned and unknown, a new class of international citizens, (the creators of Marxist terrorism), profess to be the only "victims" who have endured suffering in the past one hundred and fifty years. They command the world to weep for them, because they control the world.

The almighty dollar knows no religious boundaries.  People of all faiths and their checkbooks are welcome.  Praise the Lord!

Google "dancing israelis on 9/11". israeli men were seen dancing and high-fiving, while watching the towers fall. Many American patriots called the police on them. The media kept it quiet, and they deported the men without charges being filed.

:) LISTENING and SEEING are important; LISTEN to the WORLD, it's talking TOO you.Then you walk in to the thousands of small Catholic chapels and churches in Europe and you hear the priest talking about how the Jews killed Jesus. Placing an extra weight on the word "Jews". They did not stop to spread the hatred, but in the media is all peace and love...

Reaching out to Jews gets your hand cut off.

John Paul apologized for the churches in-action during the Holocaust. May be this guy will go one step further by apologizing for instigating the persecution of Jews. The church signed an accord with Hitler and two weeks later one with Muesli . German catholics were instructed to vote for Hitler from the pulpit including electing a permanent chancellor and suspending democracy. The German Catholic party them disbanded having accomplished its goal. Croatia was turned over to the Catholic church as payment in the deal, atrocities, Jew exports and particularly persecutions of other religions was common in Croatia.

jews killed christ

One day in office and already seeking Zionist cheques.

The JEWS tell Francis what to do &amp; say! The JEWS rule everyone!

If the Jews don't like the Pope,ts,

He reaches out to young boys also.

Amen

the trolls are out with nothing better to do than to display their ignorancethe trolls are out with nothing better to do than to display their ignorance

the ROCK JESUS CHRIST amen

Lies, distortions, omission of facts, propaganda. ..All tools of the jew. Been like that thru out history. Nothing is new about it. In fact it is old biz. Ju bizthe veil-thin arguments used to prove the Jewish “Holocaust,” which is then used by global Zionists to justify the creation and continued existence of the state of Israel and as a tool to silence all critics; “Never again” is their rallying cry.hey debt slaves..er America.. FACT.. 5.9 million Israel Zionists , with their AIPAC. Group , Control 340 million Americans . !! Even congress..(elected to represent AMERICANS ) has israel citizens as senators...

The very first people he should be reaching out to is victims of church abuse.  Same old, same old......

watch out!

I reach out to them all of the time, too, but they are never willing to meet me halfway and participate in my highly realistic Holocaust reenactment games.

its only natural that he would act as he and millions of others have and do constantly - ever reminding us of our master race.

Of course he's a Jew They wrote the book!

He better reach out to Jews or he will be labeled antisemitic.

The CATHOLIC CHURCH AND THE GOP have one thing in common. Both institutions are IMPLODING! FFT Don't fund or support that which enslaves and exploits you!JESUS CHRIST is the ROCK our foundation

Black president,spanish pope,gay marriage it just goes from bad to worst every day.

The jews killed god's son this pope is just one big joke

The Catholics and the Catholic Church are the ones that should be reaching out to the Jews, for the opportunity to be accepted by God. For those people who don't know, if it wasn't for the Jewish people denying that Jesus Christ is the Messiah, the Gentiles would never have been given the opportunity to come to God and accept Jesus Christ as their Lord and to be saved. The Catholic Church has the shoes on the wrong feet. If God had a Totem Pole indicating the place of faith, the Jewish faith (those who believe in Jesus Christ) would be at the top of the pole. The Catholic religion would be down below. The Catholic Church shouldn't be doing to much bragging. The Jewish people would be wise to stay away from the Catholic Church and their beliefs. The Catholic Church has taken God's Word and has changed it to benefit the church, and that is a sin.

...and that thing about you guys murdering our Savior....fuggedaboutit!

EASIER TO FIND ATLANTIS ...Than To Find 1 Real Jew In This Century.

great st Francis was reformist during his time but he gave truth to the letter by serve the poor

that is good.

Stumbled twice in one day. Picked a good one there, boys. But money hangs with money.

Why should the head of the Catholic church court the favor of Phariseans?They crucified Xrist, didn't they?

The Catholic Church has much, much. much to atone for in its poisonous treatment and teachings towards jews.  Many catholics , and especially catholics in the eastern european countries (including Poland) want to retain their anti-semitism, even post Vatican II.  Wonderful that, so early in his prelacy, the new Pope is reaching out towards the jews.  Very meaningful.

good for him, after- all he is one himself.

Then holds a  picture of Barack Hussein Obama, giving him the finger in front of a hundred thousand Catholic faithfuls.

Is the Pope going to commit troops to Israel?

Liking this new Pope. A man with biblical standards not moved by the winds of change the times reflect. What an inspiring leader walking in such humility, compassion, love and holding reverence for Jesus Christ. Awesome!

Go to website posted below.

the ugly truth.

He should be concerned 1ST with the state of the Catholic Church and all it's problems...later on concern himself with this IMO

Catholics are the last people in the world Jews should be friends with. The Jewish people really are better.I don't get why both of these teams wear the same kinda hat? I think they been closet friends for a very long time.

The jews dont bow down to stautes because G-D said not to, the catholics were there with the #$%$ when the jews were being murdered, the catholics were there when they took native amerrican kids and cut their hair and beat them as the sexual assults I can go on and on but yet you people still follow these evil devils. they dont follow the bible and seems like catholics make excuses for thier ability to see the truth. but yet follow a man and his so called wisdom. Jesus called them blind leading the blind.. blind guides. they are not close to the jewish G-D. read the bible and see for yourself im not making this up G-D never changes and if HE said no idols or no mediator but jesus (not man) and there is but one father who is in heaven.. then you nissed the whole point and TRUTH.. Look it up people or your path will lead to destruction.

The Inquisition, what a show.The Inquisition, here we go.We know you're wishin that we'd go away......

Gee guys, sorry about that whole concordance 'thing'.

What's this nonsense about strengthening relations with the state of Israel?Israel does not represent ‘world Jewry.’ It’s a state founded on the essentially secular ideology of Zionism.Judaism is a religion. Atheists or non-believing ‘Jews’ are not Jews.

He had no strength to cover a 2013 yer old lie, and the courage to admit it. I am a non-believer in religion. However, I have great respect for that man. Pope Benedict renewed my faith in humanity.

A real Catholic Pope would never pal around with these anti-Christians and secularists.  The Catholic Church was taken over in that subversive Vatican II council in the 1960's, just like the Blessed Mother predicted at Fatima!

Now only if the politicians could get alone and stop throwing each other out of the "sand box" maybe, just maybe, they could resolve the country's economic issues and move on.  And maybe, just maybe, obama could learn a simple lesson - tell the truth!!!!!!

TP Is that before or after they killed him. The herbs are fake people and the OT is a made up book.

We get it, there was a Holocaust, let it go, people learned from history now quit using it for guilt and persuasion!"Pope" Francis by doing this continues to betray the faith. He even has celebrated Hanukka with the jewish community while he was in Argentina. Stay tunned more to come.....

Will he be used in these times to help usher in the "one world religion" that is prophesied?  This "one world religion" has already started (UR).  Israel, don't join in; you are to be set-apart!

The jews KILLED JESUS CHRIST!!!!!!!! Why does everyone need to kiss the behinds of the worlds foremost racist, self serving, greedy, i'm so special (in their minds) jew people?Im sick and tired of hearing about the holocaust it's real meaning by the way is:: a sacrifice consumed by fire: a thorough destruction involving extensive loss of life especially through fire &lt;a nuclear holocaust&gt;: a mass slaughter of peopleWell throughout history the word HOLOCAUSTcan be applied to a whole bunch of different ethnicity.ArmeniansAfrican slavesMexicansIrishCambodiansRussiansNATIVE AMERICAN INDIANSSOUTH AMERICAN INDIANSCENTRAL AMERICAN INDIANSand a lot of others too.Stop thinking you jews are so special, you ARE NOT!Of course you will milk it to the last drop to get yourselves ahead.Go ahead with the thumbs down THE TRUTH HURTS!!

Wasn't it a J00 who directed the series "Francis the talking Mule"?The Pope better watch out, or J00S will be shipping him a few bales of hay in their new relationship.  That would be as high of regard as they give their puppet US Congress.-S/T

"Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee." [Revelation ch.3 vs.9 King James Version]

should reach out and beg for forgiveness for all the molestation and rape of our young children.  The catholic church is on its last leg b/c of the way they handled all the rape of our children.  disgusting.

jews hate Christ and catholics pervert Christ's teachings both are doomed for hell.

Don't worry about that little Christ killing incident, 2000 years ago? forgive and forget,right?

our holy farter seems oblivious to what is happening in the ME

why make ties with people who hate christ unless you do too?↕↕↕↕the pope would reach out to gays but their hands are sticky↕↕↕↕↕

He can reach out,but i promise ,they wont give.

r you people really that dumb ask your self what kind of math science technology or physics did they have 2000 years ago... they didnt and ur going to let a fictional story control your thinking when the higgs was just found.... your letting a myth run ur life no wonder the avg human is about as smart as person was 2000 years ago..... sad so sad r species is #$%$ becauae of u idiots

I'd like to see the pope reach out to all the boys his paedophilia brothers sexually abused. Now that would be worth watching.

He should be trying to convert them from their Tebow and Christ hating religion.

the Pope is on dope ... Obama on one side and now Francis on the other... Netanyahu must think he is being possessed.

hes kind of old . theyll be doing this again in a few years.

Jews killed Jesus Christ....!!!!  that is why I hate them

Whoanelly: Go back and read all the filthy things by your parasitic Jew race has posted... Yeah blame us who spread truth about the Holocaust and your vile race!

the story about jesus is a fairy tale and the NT propagate this figure from love between boys and men. Jesus was not married had no wife and no children and they try to follow this man who had 12 men around him every day and the most he loves Peter a fisherman.The truth about this jesus is,he cannot come back because the old Lord has not a son and jesus was never born. The  people from the old Boss are the brave Jewish people and they go back to their own land Israel and every day we can read it on our screen, it is the reality and the truth.  the story about this jesus is only a soap and most play the game with him and now he becomes a puppit show and we saw it also today again in Rome.Pope Francis reaches out to Jews. They'll bill you for it and try to repo your Church. Reach out to Wall Street and send them to Hell where they belong.

how can any religion that denies ALL other religions viability claim love for all people -sure they will love them as soon as they convert to the one true religion -which all religions claim -and the jews killed the xian god - how do they reconcile that

I would love to see the "scientific evidence" of the existence of the Holocaust.....and before any of you JDL shills start to say look at the pics, please look up what scientific means...

this pope is a fake

"My opinion of Christian Zionists? They're #$%$. But don't tell them that. We need all the useful idiots we can get right now."---Benjamin "Bibi" Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel.

"the higgs was found r religions r nothing more then myths its time put the bs down and join reality

no leave them tricky jews alone popeno pope dont do it

LOL!!!!! That would have to some "reach"....for centuries Catholicism laid the primary architecture for virulent antisemitism, and fomented a string of historical persecutions that culminated in the German holocaust...now the Vatican pretends that it can sweep all of this away with a series of political gestures? The Inquisition...The Crusades...the idiotic witch-hunts...the barring of scientific inquiry...the Catholic Conquistadors rape of the new world...the Vatican Concordat with Hitler...the Pedophile Priests...the persecutions of women...gays...Jews...Muslims...atheists...secular humanists...indigenous peoples...the genocidal Papal bulls against Catharism...Cardinal Ruffo's "Sandfidisti ' muderers....the church now has to 'reach" beyond its own defining history...and an ugly history it is...

its  only  a  matter  of  time  before  jews  discover  that  the  new  pope  once  stayed  over nite  at  a  village  that  HITLER  ONCE  PASSED  THRU  THUS  MAKING  HIM  AN  ANTI  SEMITE.

LOL!!!!!  That would have to some "reach"....for centuries Catholicism laid the primary architecture for virulent antisemitism, and fomented a string of historical persecutions that culminated in the German holocaust...now the Vatican pretends that it can sweep all of this away with a series of political gestures? The Inquisition...The Crusades...the idiotic witch-hunts...the barring of scientific inquiry...the Catholic Conquistadors rape of the new world...the Vatican Concordat with Hitler...the Pedophile Priests...the persecutions of women...gays...Jews...Muslims...atheists...secular humanists...indigenous peoples...the genocidal Papal bulls against Catharism...Cardinal Ruffo's "Sandfidisti ' muderers....the church now has to 'reach" beyond its own defining history...and an ugly history it is...I was hoping being that  he is a Jesuit he would turn his back on the parasitic Jews and Israel but so far it doesn't look that way.

I like him. At least he pays his bills unlike liberals.

I see the JDL (Jewish Defense League) shills are out in full force commenting nonsense!

Jewels!!  JEWELS!!    It's was the jewels for god's sake.  The pope reached for the Jewels.  A Jesuit couldn't care less about the Jews.

maybe the Pope can forgive the Jews for having Christ crucified, when he prays to Mary

"They (the Jews) work more effectively against us, than the enemy's armies. They are a hundred times more dangerous to our liberties and the great cause we are engaged in... It is much to be lamented that each state, long ago, has not hunted them down as pest to society and the greatest enemies we have to the happiness of America."WASHINGTON, GEORGE, in Maxims of George Washington by A. A. Appleton &amp; Co.

“The Jews could be put down very plausibly as the most unpleasant race ever heard of. As commonly encountered they lack any of the qualities that mark the civilized man: courage, dignity, incorruptibility, ease, confidence. They have vanity without pride, voluptuousness without taste, and learning without wisdom. Their fortitude, such as it is, is wasted upon puerile objects, and their charity is mainly a form of display.” (Treatise on the Gods)MENCKEN, H. L. 20th century American writer.

THE JEWS KILLED CHRIST! Simple as that. The Jews were thrown out of 130 countries. The Catholics have not. The Jews live on Stolen land. The Catholics dont! There are many reports of Rabbis doing unthinkable things to little children sexually yet the JEWISH RUN MEDIA doesn't report it!

im christian / catholic and i hate muslim islamist pig kill them all for peace baby!!!!

International Jewry are the Vatican's chosen ones.I can't say my #$%$ so I'll say my balls. My balls? Are b ig ig ig!

(A joint Argentine-Iranian "truth commission" is studying the evidence.) HA! Ha! That is the funniest thing I have read in a long time. It's just to easy... I want to get a T#$%$ that states " I don't know. Go ask the Joint Argentine-Iranian Truth Commission." Or, "I'm a proud member of the J.A.I.T.C." ... My God! I can go on all day with this one.

I see Ed the JDL (Jewish Defense League) shill is here posting nonsense. He likes to comment on others posts because he cant come up with any intelligent thoughts on his own.

News Flash for the Jewish World Congress, the Holocaust never did happen! Show us proof both Scientific and actual evidence not so called witness testimony!

what a #$%$,jews were put on this earth to be hated.

In 1974 Ozzy asked the question; "Would you like to see the pope on the end of a rope, do you think he's a fool?"The answer is "Yes".

My sins didnt kill Jesus. People wrapped up in religion and world domination did!

Great news. I support isreal 100% god bless america and isreal .

Jews killed Jesus, and since then they have been persecuted to the end of the world.

Pope reaches out and asks for mercy! please go easy on me. I promise I'll do exactly what you say and you promise not to release any of those  photos of me with the kids!beacuse jews smell

f8ck the pope

To make peace en the middle east the Isralies has to accept the Palestinian Nation.

- the human cattle will be stripped of all savings and pension funds as all banks declare bankruptcy and the race war is launched all over the USA / EU / Canada / Australia;GOOGLEwhy the resignation of Ratzinger is also part of symbology / mockery for the COLLAPSE of BANKS

I see the Jews at NetanYahoo deleted my comment that had 36 replies to it.. Seems like there were too many truths in it exposing the lies of the Holocaust!

Black slave descendants are the true Hebrew Israelites. The Lord is punishing their captors. The oppressors are falling!!!!

Im sure the JDL (Jewish Defense League) will be around shortly to post nonsense here and vote down posts that contain any type of criticism of this so called "Chosen People"!!! THE JEWS PERSECUTED AND KILLED CHRIST!

I wonder if anyone has ever bothered to read Germany Must Perish! A book written by a Jew before any alleged atrocities by Germans and self published in 1941. In it, it describes the genocide and sterilization of the German people. It talks about the dismemberment of Germany. This is a document that exists that details a mass extermination plan of Germans yet not one single document has been produced of a signed order from anyone in the Third Reich for the extermination of the Jews.... No where.....

Can you hear it ? The loud beating of the bass drums souding off in the heavenly theater Boom ! Boom ! da da Boom ! Again ! Yes , the Saints Are Marching In !!!Loudly Announcing the End to International Jewry !HOORAY ! HOORAY ! HOORAY !  AND THE SAINTS COME MARCHING IN !!!And the pyramid of communist, masonic lies come tumbling down one by one by one !Full sto ry onl ine. TODAYS CATHOLIC WORLD !!!

that right kiss jew butt first thing , thet wer the choeson ones. .after not heading gods word and when the word came to life thay killed it . ther the cursed ones now. an to the whight thron jugdementIt really goes to show that Post from the likes of Ed a JDL shill who come here with school house insults and cant post anything intellectual. Then his buddies JDL shills give him thumbs up... You parasitic Jews aren't fooling anyone!

Dee: Wow!!! YOu are really looney arent you. First Hitler was elected in 1933 not 32. Second the exportation not execution of Jews started in 1939! Third he was in Hitler Youth in the early 40s and Hitler Youth had nothing to do with the Jews!

Ed: yay! The jdl ( jewish defense league) shill made his first post!!!!!

I hope the new Pope supports The Rainbow Coalition! Yayyyy! : O

the kristian have to bow and knee to the jewish. so insulting

yes ,long live the new slave of jewish.lolipop