are we ever told the truth?

how very interesting, yet the national unemployment rate went down, go figure!

Jobless rates increased in 25 states, and fell in only 8, yet the lib media would have us believe we are experiencing a "recovery"? The only reason the unemployment rate falls is because people are "leaving the workforce" and aren't counted anymore. Only the clueless believe this "recovery"...

yep...more lies from Obama and his Czars

All this talk of adding jobs, and the government data that Yahoo perpetuates in complete BS. The jobs being added are low paying, minimum wage, and part time. Quit massaging the numbers. They are bad.

Wait....last week there was an article about how unemployment claims were down and it was a sure sign of the economy turning around.  Now we have an article about unemployment being up....So, my question is....HEY ALL YOU ECONOMISTS, WHICH IS IT?   UP OR DOWN?And this great news frome Florida..... "Florida has added 127,500 jobs in the past year, the third most of any state. The state has benefited from greater tourism as the U.S. economy has slowly recovered. That has led to more jobs at hotels, restaurants and retail stores."....oh yea....jobs at hotels, restaurants and retail stores....just really fine high tech jobs requiring, for the most part, all the educated skills of a high school drop-out....the bennys and the pay is just fantastic for those kind of jobs and really add dollars to the economy....not. . And I'm not putting down the people who take those jobs...when I was laid off I took whatever job I had to to bring money in...And then we discover in the article that it's mostly Nevada's fault...."One reason for the rapid decline is many out-of-work people in Nevada have stopped looking for jobs."I just love these conflicting articles on the economy....makes one want to run for hills and hideout to wait for the approaching doomsday....

Welcome to the PR campaign that never ends. Oh yeh........and don't include the burden we're ALL feeling with rising costs of goods.

When you have thousands of baby boomers dropping out of the job market (not seeking work), and less people to replace them, these numbers should be moving a lot more, but they are not because our economy is STAGNANT.

What recovery? Not in this country the last four years!!

Of course it does.... the shopping season is over and all those extra jobs in retail are over!  Hello, what idiot didn't see that coming?Many out of work people quit looking and no longer are counted, resulting in better numbers! that is a sad statement! I wonder how many took jobs that will not support them because unemployment ran out, and now are on food stamps and medicaid also. It is a sad time when the only jobs are at Wal-Mart, and Wal-Mart is building factories in China where the workers get $500 a month and work 12 hrs a day 7 days a week. America can never compete with that, China and Wal-Mart win until the U.S. economy totally collapses!

Happy to still have a job, but feel like I am doing the work of two seasoned people, or 4 new hires !

Like the DOW...unemployement numbers are cooked

If you are unemployed, and voted for Obama, you deserve everything you get.

Another four years, SUCKERS!

Just a week ago the media said everything was better more jobs then the last 4 years and now the unemployment went up.$%^&amp;*  ^*(*( make up your mind will ya!!!

When it is better to live off the teet than work a job, there is a major problem.

Is this a surprise?  Does anyone really believe that the jobless numbers aren't doctored to paint a better picture for citizens?  Remember, these are new people becoming jobless and doesn't include those who have fallen off of the radar, or have merely given up looking.

What happened to the great news a few weeks ago when unemployment was down?? Notice this story wasn't on the new #$%$ yahoo front page? God forbid the have to bump the "foods that help you sleep" story down a notch..

With the libs in power don't expect a sustained decrease in unemployment and an increase in consumer spending.  First.  Part time, temp, and seasonal jobs do not constitute a robust economy.  Second.  The gradual increase in taxes to pay for Obamacare will stifle any recovery from this lingering recession. Third.  Socialism in Europe has strangled any possibility for them to get a robust economy, thus there will be fewer Europeans buying American goods.  Fourth.  Just one word ‘China’.Liberals, flip them, spin them, stroke them, and select only the stats that make you happy, but in the end we've created virtually no new job under the czar in 4 years and now we're nearly 17 trillion in debt. Liberals have failed.

So when you look at the over all picture the blue states have higher unemployment how is that hope and change working out for you. Democrats only destroy things and never help.

I make more money on unemployment than i do woring...Dont have to buy gas!

Say it ain't so, obammy wouldn't lie to us about an economy on the rise would he?  The only thing I see on the rise is gas prices.

California has the highest unemployment rate in the country, along with some of the highest taxes, and the state is run by a bunch of liberal no nothings, funny how all these things go hand in hand.

WHAT A RECOVERY!! If we keep recovering like this we ALL will be on unemployment by 2016!!(But the who pays??)

SO last week the unemployment fell to 7.7%...now we hear jobless rates rise in half of the US. The media will never tell the truth about this Administration's failures

this what's left after that "giant sucking sound"

Da Bambo gots evah thang rights wheah he wonts 'em...about to implode and yall be state slaves and never again have a future !! per SAUL ALYNSKI !! Yall keep bein stupid OK and keep on "not read'in a damn thing especially if'n its history or about Obamboozler!

6 families from Florida have moved into our area in the last 2 months..they came here for jobs.Obama and Kerry!! give some more money to the muslim brotherhood, and now Africa has its hands out as do the ILLEGALS here in the USA, all the while the citizens of this country suffer, we need a revolution!

PEOPLE!!!  You are just seeing the tip of the ice berg!  This kind of thing is going to happen with everything here in the USA, because our political leaders have not done a damn single thing in 4-1/2 years, this is the start of the domino effect!

obama to lapdog media STAY ON SCRIPT YOUR MAKING ME LOOK BAD

More government math. I need to find a school that has a course in it so I can try to see how this is possible. I still don't buy the figures they put out.

Obama: It's Bush's fault!

So, basically states with lower taxes and/or energy production are doing well, while those with higher taxation and green energy initiatives are sucking wind.

"Florida's unemployment rate fell below the national level for the first time in five years, further evidence that the state is recovering from a deep housing slump."Haha - classic Keynesian reversal of cause and effect!! Who can come up with the best Keynesian logic post? Here's one: "Pushing the speedometer makes the car go faster."Or another: "Wet streets make it rain.""If I'm really hungry, I can cut the pizza into smaller pieces."

If the government counted those who have exhausted their benefits, it would be really painful to see the numbers of those out of work, since the government does not count those, it is a lie they post the percentages that they do.

I thought king Odumbo and his merry pied piper rats said everything was just fine!

Libs....keep drinking that kool-aid, you apparently think things are getting better...poor foolsIf unemployment was calculacted the same as 1931 our percentage would be over 19%!!!! Al Frankin was right about one thing, LYING LIARS AND THE LIES THEY TELL. (Obama and company).

Whatever happened to obama's "laser like" focus on jobs and the economy? I must'vemisunderstood what he said. He must've said he was going to destroy jobs and theeconomy with a laser.

But our economy is recovering. Hogwash. Keep up the good work politicians.....

Go! North Dakota!

just wait till fall when employers start signing their employees up for 2014 health insurance, or rather pink slipping them to avoid the cost...Hope and change me some more!!!

As long as the MEDIA government repeaters and Hollywood Acturds(partially educated/suddenly wealthy dimwits) and the LATE NITE COMMIES(leno, letterman et al), along with the old#$%$ RICH-OFF-US politicians like PELOSI, REID, RANGEL, BIDEN, WATTERS, FRANK and suddenly multi-millionaire OBAMA, get their HUGE paychecks...."everything is wonderful because of Obama"....wanna bet ?!

This is all garbage.  Not one of these reports addresses the really ugly truth.  The hours worked by Americans has been declining for years.  That number is published by teh Labor Department but ignored in favor of these politically favorable numbers.

But last week the reports were that unemployment is down and the economy is on the upswing.  All these so called experts need to do is ask middle America how they are doing and they will get the true answer...we are all still struggling and the economy is no better than it was.

Now king obamas propaganda machine tell us how great the economy is and this is going to be the 2nd coming of the summer of recovery! Jackass liars

OK - aside from the fact we live in an economy based on consumerism, it's the President's fault that private industry isn't hiring. Taxes are too high, too many regulations - it's all at the Federal level. Meanwhile state governors take credit for any employment gains in their state or blame the Fed for losses. Same for cities - it's always someone else fault, particularly if they are of the opposing party affiliation.Corrupt Illinois politicians occupy the highest offices in the land.  How that hope and changey thing workin out for you now?

Hope and Change.

Many stopped looking for jobs....that is why unemployment is so high.   Obama the chimp must be high.

Go! North Dakota!

I wonder if Obama is still focusing "like a laser"?

Why this is a suprise... holidays job are gone....

I keep on reading about the conservative party being in disarray. I hear nothing about obama and his failure of party with these unemployment numbers. It’s always amazing how Yahoo and the other left leaning obama worshippers conveniently ignore these numbers. The liberals say and do nothing, but the conservatives are in disarray. Please!

anything under $10 an hour souldnt even be counted as a job

Gee, what a surprisse that is.   Hey Hussein Osama, Hows that $6.8 trillion in deficit stimulus spending workinng out for you?????

what happened to the summer of recovery? joe biden said 500,000 jobs created per month....Lets bring more foreign nationals into the job market according to democrats and republicans politicians that's a great idea. America is toast Stick in a fork we are done.

As a small businessman, I've been waiting for the economy to recover for the last 5 years.  Waiting, waiting.

And this is news????? How?????

So much for hope and change.

This generation is completely spoiled and will do anything to live for free. Obama was their saviour by giving them free housing, free health insurance and free food. They need to move to Europe if they want to live in a socialist community! Many now live at home with Mommy and Daddy and their in their mid to late twenties. They have no responsibilities of any kind and at 30 would still not be ready to take care of any kind of family. This country is toast with the losers that are now out there! Baby boomers are dying out and can't be here forever to hold their hands. I do not see a very good future for the USA. Obama is just another enabler like their parents are. They will still learn nothing from this!!

a lot of people left Fla to if you look at people moving out as opposed to moving there the outflow was high

Liberals have become very quite all of a sudden. You don't hear or see them anymore. They are hiding from their stupidity and feel very dumb! The left lib media has bamboozled them by all their swooning over the muslim Obama!! How pathetic that one journalist can hold this kind of power! One journalist writes about how great obama the god is and all the easily manipulated idiot liberals follow them like rats and the pipe piper!! What has happened to this country? Has the liberal unions able to mold kids into liberal dummies hiring only ultra liberal teachers in the public school systems?? If this continues, we will lose this country since we have no young able to lead or think for themselves! They are all leftovers from the liberal school systems manipulations!

Anyone who is out of work knows that the unemployment problem is much worse than they are telling us.  I have been in and out of temp jobs with no luck of landing a permanent position since May 2012.  Now here I am back out there again looking for work and having no luck.  All I get back is a response saying "due to the number of applications we have received we will only contact you if you are a good fit for the position".  Does not take a genius to figure out the uemployment rate is going up!  Obama is a liar and so is the rest of the govt!!!!!

I swear, there are two people locked in a room, one republican, one democrat and they play 'rock, paper, scissors' to see whose OPINION they use as propaganda concerning the economy, unemployment and the fault of congress. looks like the Republican won yesterday.

You're Doing A Hell Of A Job, Blackie!I live in Florida. The jobs they are talking about are the SUMMER jobs at the attractions- Disney, Universal, etc. In September, they will go away......Happens every year. Why don't they tell you that.

Yet the illegals in Arizona can't wait for immigrtion reform.   Guess we americans don't need to work or support our families on the illegals.

Way to go obama, why not j6st give us the 17 trillion

jobless rates increased mostly in right to work states - congrats on killing your state economies, gop

Dumb stat!  Employment always drops in January.  All the temp holiday help hired in November and December are let go.  This happens every year.  Just another article to get idiots fired up about things that they have no idea on how things actually work.

this article failed to mention that blacks have the highest unemployment rate at 13%...even with a black president we are still suffering...

This is what happens when you Vote4 a emptysuitNe6ro for Prez with No fornal business expertise...blue state bankruptcy inminent followed by The Red State Takeover